<doc id="19554501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554501" title="Verdú">
Verdú

Verdú is a village in the county of Urgell, in the province of Lleida, Catalonia, Spain that soon loaded the Segarra-Garrigues water channel. 
The township covers 3600 hectares. The landscape consists of smooth hills with valleys and plains intercalts soft cultivated of grain, vineyards, olive, and almond trees. Small forests of pine and holm oak groves are scattered throughout the term. The local agricultural economy is based mainly on cultivation of wine. 
Today Verdú is known for wine, black pottery, Castle and Church of Santa Maria, St. Peter Claver, and recently by the Museum of Toys and Automata Manel Mayoral. 
History.
The history of Verdú is marked by its membership the Poblet monastery for six centuries (from 1227 until 1835). The population before the flood of 1184, was located Cercavins the river valley, beside a fountain and around the church of Santa Magdalena. After the flood that devastated three quarters of the old town, the lady and owner of Verdu, Berengaria of Cervera, made the villagers agree to move their houses above the floodplain, around the castle which had begun to be built a century before. In return, the villagers got walls and portals built surrounding the new town. Berengaria's son, Guillem of Cervera, sold the villa in Poblet. Under the auspices of the monastery, Verdú enjoyed many privileges and advantages, which made it succeed more than the surrounding cities, for many centuries. Evidence of this prosperity include the Castle, the Parish Church, and the whole streets and stately homes. 
Trade Fair.
Verdú is known historically for its black pottery and especially for its livestock fairs, which have been held for six hundred years thanks to the influence of Poblet and have become the most important in Catalonia. In 1378, King Pedro III el Ceremoniós granted the privilege of dedicating a fair to St. Mark, April 15, and 10 days. Later, King Ferdinand the Catholic forbade that they hold no other neighboring towns in the days before, because not make competition Verdú. The fair ends in 1975 due to the mechanization of the field. The importance of the fair can be seen even today because it influenced the planning of the village: with very wide streets where there were the paintings of cattle and a large square porch where there was market. Also in the architecture of the houses, stables with huge rooms, food and many large rooms on the second floor and attic to accommodate the fair visitors. 
Wine.
In Verdú there are several wineries that produce and sell wine within the DO Costers del Segre and D.O. Catalonia. Verdu is also within the D.O. Cava. The climate of contrasting temperature and low rainfall makes it go around and taste wines of intense color and highly prized awards worldwide. Also whites, both young and matured in barrels, they have great aromas and slow acceptance. Around October 12 every year is celebrated the Feast of Harvest and Wine Show with Wine and Gourmet, where you can buy directly from all wineries and the area of Verdu. The wineries from Verdu are: Carviresa, Cal Pardet Celler Cercavins. 
Ceramics and Pottery.
Since the ceramic tradition in the Iberian starts Verdú (settlement of Estinclells ). Already in medieval kilns are located both within the walls of the town, the thirteenth and fourteenth centuries. But in 1470 when it began to make pottery black. Verdú in the eighteenth century had thirty pottery kilns. There was a guild of potters to regulate the profession and help if necessary. From the south of France to Soria arrived the customers of farmers and artisans who drunk fresh water of the pitchers of Verdun. Today it retains ceramic production with four furnaces and four black ceramic kilns of other types of ceramics. Each year, first weekend of June they celebrate the Feast of Pitche and Fair Ceramic of Verdu. 
Architecture.
Verdu Castle is a monumental piece of architecture. Its crowned of cylindrical tower 25 meter tall and 25 meter diameter, constructed in 1080. Two rooms are from romance style of the eleventh century and is the only Catalan Gothic castle that preserves a three large naves superimposed on each other. The third gothic room is Copons Abbot, who recently restored is a jewel of Catalan civil gothic. Around the courtyard there is a gallery with a Renaissance stone steps along the tower. Downstairs basement-involved commissioned by the Cooperative of Verdun, the architect Cesar Martinell, a pupil of Antoni Gaudí. Leaving sample of modernist architecture. 
The church of Santa Maria. The present church can be dated to the late thirteenth century, the austerity of the Cistercian Order of the self. Consisted of a single nave, but the population growth led to the gradual enlargement. The image that presides over the altar stone is the fifteenth century and was made by Andreu Pi. This also led out the door of the sacristy. The work of the altarpiece made the painter Jaume Ferrer, one of the most famous painters in Lleida at this time. Today we see the altar in the Episcopal Museum of Vic. The church in accordance with the needs of the population was expanded, becomes a church with three naves, the central covered with a slightly pointed barrel vault and the two sides vault, giving testimony rating period in which they performed. In a subsequent period is the size of the Purisima, Baroque, performed by Agusti Pujol in 1623, had already made other, especially in Barcelona. Highlights also the apse of the right aisle of the church dedicated to Sant Flavia. The Civil War did the altarpiece disappear. On the left is the tombstone consecration of the church, made in 1586 by the archbishop of Tarragona Joan Terès i Borrull, son of the town. Highlights also the image of St. Christ, the image most valuable and most revered in Verdú. Dated between the late thirteenth and early fourteenth century, the population of Verdu implores time droughts and epidemics. You must also make mention of the actual paintings that decorate the altar, the painter Jaume Minguell, made the years 1955-1956. The latest work of beautification that has taken place in the church has been the placement of windows in the summer of 2004, dedicated to Sant Flavia, St. Peter Claver and St. Hippolytus. The rose window is intended as a tribute to the town of Verdu. 
The castle, church and other medieval village be visited by guided tour concert at Municipal Tourist Office, phone +34 973 347 216 or www.verdu.cat.
St. Peter Claver.
St. Peter Claver was born in 1580 in Verdu, but soon leaving Barcelona to study the arts and literature in 1602 and joined the Jesuits. He went to study in Girona and Mallorca. He returned to Barcelona where he studies theology and soon went to New Granada as a missionary. Ordained priest in the mission to Colombia in 1616, performing there until his death an apostolate dedicated to making the vote of black slaves was himself "a slave of slaves forever." They say that he baptized more than three hundred thousand. Exhausted, died in Cartagena de Indias on 8 September 1654. He was canonized by Leo XIII in 1888, later the same Pope declared him patron of missions among blacks. Was proclaimed patron of the Republic of Colombia. Today you can visit the shrine dedicated to Saint Peter Claver, birthplace of the Jesuit. 
The Museum of Toys and Automata.
Automaton and Toy Museum, a world of its most important themes, explains in a thousand pieces spectacular building. The museum, located at number 23 in the Plaza Mayor, is the result of the initiative and can expose Manel Mayoral fairground attractions, bike, football, tin toys, pedal cars, robots, Teatrino, games, scooters, and posters. 

</doc>
<doc id="19554502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554502" title="Sir Christopher Hatton School">
Sir Christopher Hatton School

Sir Christopher Hatton School is a co-educational secondary school with academy status in Wellingborough, Northamptonshire, England. The school is named after Sir Christopher Hatton, a prominent Tudor politician and Courtier of Queen Elizabeth I.
Origin.
The school was formed in 1983 by the amalgamation of Breezehill Girls School and Westfield Boys School on the Breezehill site. In 2008 it had a school roll of 1,163, of which 137 were in the Sixth Form. It is an Academy. The amalgamation was the result of Wellingborough Council's attempt to prune the amount of secondary schools. The Westfield site was eventually sold as prime housing stock land.
Historical background.
When the school was founded a suitable name was required to reflect the school’s aspirations and ambitions, and also identify it with the town and county. Sir Christopher Hatton had strong connections with Northamptonshire and with Wellingborough in particular.
Ofsted Report 2008.
The last Ofsted report was published on 16 August 2008.
It stated:
"Most students come from the town and surrounding villages.The socio-economic circumstances of the pupils are very varied, but around the national average overall. Attainment on entry is around the national average, but the school used to admit ten per
cent of its intake each year based on a test, and some of these pupils remain in GCSE classes and the sixth form. The proportion of pupils eligible for free school meals, 11 per cent, is around the national average, as is that of pupils identified as having special educational needs, 16.5 per cent. The proportion of those with statements of special need is slightly higher than average, at four per cent. These are mainly linked to moderate learning difficulties and social, emotional and behavioural difficulties. Most pupils are from a white British heritage, although there are about 20 per cent from other backgrounds, mainly Asian or Caribbean. There are ten pupils whose first language is not English. The school was awarded a Sportsmark in 2002, and a Schools’ Achievement Award in 2003".
Ofsted's overall evaluation was that:
"This is a good and improving school, which provides good value for money. The headteacher provides very good leadership, supported by governors and other key staff. The school has begun to address most of the issues raised in the last inspection over the last 15 months. The teachers and management have successfully taken on a range of initiatives and staff development programmes that have analysed the school’s weaknesses and, to a large part, remedied them. There is a positive ethos for learning in the school".

</doc>
<doc id="19554503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554503" title="Parentline Plus">
Parentline Plus

Parentline Plus is a United Kingdom-based charity that works for, and with, parents.
History.
Parentline Plus was the result of the merger of three charities: Parentline UK, National Stepfamily Association (NSA) and Parent Network.
On 7 September 1999 NSA and Parentline UK held AGMs and agreed formally to merge as FamilyLives. Those AGMs were immediately followed by FamilyLives’ first Board meeting. Parent Network’s merger into the combined charity took place on the 31st March 2000.
Dorit Braun had led the mergers and became Chief Executive of Parentline Plus (previously appointed Chief Executive of NSA in 1997). She was awarded the OBE in June 2000 and took early retirement April 2008.
Activities.
Parentline Plus works to offer help and support through a range of services. These include a national helpline and three websites, Parentline Plus, Parentline Plus Professional and Got A Teenager. The services offered are confidential and free, and the charity claims to take a non-judgemental approach to parenting.
Area Offices.
Parentline Plus has eight regional offices, based in Essex, Gloucestershire, Hampshire, Hertfordshire, North East, Nottinghamshire(Wendy Evans), North London and South London. In Scotland, the same Parentline helpline number is operated by Children 1st which is a separate organisation.
The Nottingham Area Office are developing a Parents Network across the County and all seven districts. Regular meetings are held where service providers and parents can discuss together their needs and service provision. This is supported by a website. www.nottinghamshireparentsnetwork.btik.com
Got a Teenager.
Over half of the calls received by Parentline Plus are from parents of teenagers. GotATeenager.org.uk is targeted at parents of teenagers. The term "teenglish" was used by the project leader Nikola Mann to describe the language used by teenagers but not understood by their parents.
See also.
Parenting

</doc>
<doc id="19554504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554504" title="Austrophlebia costalis">
Austrophlebia costalis

Austrophlebia costalis, the Southern Giant Darner, is a species of dragonfly endemic to Australia.
This species is believed to be one of the fastest flying odonates, with an old reference claiming to have clocked one at nearly but no modern confirmation.

</doc>
<doc id="19554509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554509" title="Stiff Leadbetter">
Stiff Leadbetter

Stiff Leadbetter (c.1705–18 August 1766) was a British architect and builder, one of the most successful architect–builders of the 1750s and 1760s, working for many leading aristocratic families.
Career.
Leadbetter’s career began when he was apprenticed as a carpenter in 1719, and he worked for the next decade or so as a journeyman carpenter. By 1731 he had settled in Eton, marrying Elizabeth Hill (born c.1709), daughter of a London timber merchant; and he worked as carpenter to Eton College from 1740. Leadbetter leased Eton College Wharf as his principal home and workshop from 1744. He was employed as a builder in his own right by the 1740s, and in the following two decades he worked both as a designer but primarily as a builder of many new country houses, hospitals and speculative urban development. In 1756 Leadbetter was appointed as surveyor of St Paul's Cathedral, and through this position also gained many ecclesiastical commissions.
Many of his buildings were built within a close distance of Eton. As a builder he carried out the designs of other architects, notably Robert Adam and James Stuart.
Leadbetter’s patron was Francis Godolphin, second earl of Godolphin, and through him, Leadbetter was introduced to and employed by the dukes of Portland, Marlborough, and Bedford, the countesses of Essex and Pomfret, Lord Foley, Admiral Boscawen, Sir John Elwill, and others.
John Hawks, the architect of Tryon Palace, the official residence of the Governor of North Carolina, United States, trained under Leadbetter.
Appraisal.
Leadbetter's work has been both praised and slightly damned by critics. Giles Worsley, who has written several articles about Leadbetter, stated
He was an innovative and possibly influential planner at a time when the design of the British country house was undergoing rapid change. His country houses, though plain in their interior and external detail, are imaginative, varied, and above all practical in their planning. Although he was not a leader in stylistic development, Elvills, Surrey (1758–63), was the first completely new house of the Georgian Gothic revival.
Langley Park, Nuneham House and Newton Park have been singled out as his best houses, with 
Newton Park described by Nikolaus Pevsner as "one of the finest country mansions of the 18th century in Somerset".
Less generous praise comes from other quarters, sometimes emphasising his earlier trade as a carpenter and ignoring his work as an architect: "a minor provincial carpenter and builder", "a second generation Palladian whose works lacked flair", a "competent but dull architect" and "a thorough but uninspired architect".
Leadbetter does not warrant an individual entry in Colvin's dictionary of British architects, but is described in another architect's entry as "the master carpenter employed to carry out Robert Adam's designs" (at Syon House, 1763-5).
Personal life.
Leadbetter and his wife Elizabeth had five children in their short marriage, before Elizabeth died in 1737. Four of Leadbetter’s children died before him.

</doc>
<doc id="19554511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554511" title="Alex McIntosh">
Alex McIntosh

Alexander "Alex" McIntosh (14 April 1916 - 1965) was a Scottish footballer, who played in the Football League for Wolverhampton Wanderers, Birmingham City and Coventry City.
Career.
McIntosh moved into league football Wolverhampton Wanderers from non-league Folkestone Town in 1937. He made his league debut on 23 October 1937 in a 2-1 win at and became a first choice player the following season, which featured a run through to the FA Cup Final, where they lost to underdogs Portsmouth at Wembley.
After the suspension of league football in September 1939 due to the outbreak of World War II, McIntosh still turned out for Wolves in wartime fixtures, and was part of their 1942 War Cup triumph.
By the resumption of the Football League, he was no longer part of manager Ted Vizard's plans and played just four more times before joining Midlands neighbours Birmingham City in 1947. After a short stay there, he moved on again, joining Coventry City for an equally brief spell.
He died in 1965, aged 49.

</doc>
<doc id="19554525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554525" title="Pointe de Pen-Hir">
Pointe de Pen-Hir

The pointe de Pen-Hir (Breton - "Beg Penn Hir") is a promontory of the Crozon peninsula in Brittany, to the south-west of Camaret-sur-Mer. On a clear day there are views to the Pointe du Raz and the islands of Sein and Ouessant and to Pointe Saint-Mathieu. The 70m tall cliffs are used for climbing.
It is the site of the Monument to the Bretons of Free France, known as the Cross of Pen-Hir and inaugurated by General Charles de Gaulle in 1960. It is intended to bear witness to the existence of a group of Free French Britons who founded Sao Breiz in Great Britain during the Second World War . It was created in 1949-1951 by architect Jean-Baptiste Mathon and the sculptor Victor-François Bazin.
On the back of the cross is an inscription in Breton, "Kentoc'h mervel eget em zaotra", taken from the motto of Brittany "death rather than defilement". 

</doc>
<doc id="19554532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554532" title="Lines of Action">
Lines of Action

Lines of Action is a two-player strategy board game invented by Claude Soucie. The objective is to connect all of one's pieces into a single group.
The game was recommended by the Spiel des Jahres in 1988.
History.
The game was given wide dissemination and positive publicity by its inclusion in Sid Sackson's book "A Gamut of Games" (1969), but for many years no stable playing community developed to explore the strategy to any depth.
Only starting in the 1990s has any deep understanding of the game evolved.
In the last few years, not only has the play of the best humans risen dramatically, but simultaneously excellent computer programs have emerged. The level of play is improving both among humans and computers, but for the present the strongest LOA-playing entity in the world is the program MIA. MIA took first place in the 8th Computer Olympiad (2003), 9th Computer Olympiad (2004) and 11th Computer Olympiad (2006).
The best human players are probably Jorge Gómez Arrausi and Gianfranco Buccoliero (winner of the largest loa tournament to date).
Jorge has played competitive games against top computer programs, but has not been triumphant in recent matches.
Claude Soucie, the inventor of LOA, died just as his game was beginning to reach a critical mass of interest.
Some of the finer points of the rules are just now being standardized, without the benefit of appeal to Soucie.
In all situations which were discussed by Sackson, his presentation is now generally accepted as authoritative.
Lines of Action inspired Sid Sackson to develop another game, entitled Fields of Action.
Rules.
Initial layout.
Lines of Action is played on a standard chessboard, with the same algebraic notation for ranks and files.
Each player controls twelve checkers, which are initially arrayed as follows:
Goal.
The object of the game is to bring all of one's checkers together into a contiguous body so that they are connected vertically, horizontally or diagonally (8-connexity).
Movement diagrams.
A checker may not jump over an enemy checker.
Thus in the diagram below, white can't play a6-d6, even though there are three checkers in row 6.
White might instead play a6-c4, moving two spaces because there are two checkers in the diagonal (a6-f1) in which white is moving.
A checker may jump over friendly checkers.
Thus black may continue with e8-b5, jumping his own checker.
He moves three spaces because there are three checkers in the diagonal (a4-e8) in which he is moving.
A checker may land on a square occupied by an enemy checker, resulting in the latter's capture and removal from the game.
For example, white may play h3-f1, capturing the black checker on f1.
A player who is reduced to a single checker wins the game, because his pieces are by definition united.
If a move results, due to a capture, in each player having all his pieces in a contiguous body, then either the player moving wins, or the game is a draw, depending on the rules in force at the particular tournament.
Simultaneous connection.
In the original 1969 edition of A Gamut of Games, simultaneous connection was described as a draw. In the second edition, the rules were changed to declare this a win for the player moving. Here is Sid Sackson's note in the preface to the second edition:
"Claude Soucie and I are all that remains of N.Y.G.A. At his request, I have corrected an error in the rules for LINES OF ACTION, eliminating possible draws."
However, despite the expressed intention of the inventor of LOA, most present day tournaments score simultaneous connection as a draw.
In the diagram below, white to move could capture with h8-f6, resulting in both players having entirely connected formations. However if the tournament rules declare this a draw rather than a win, white is better off to play g5-g8 which wins unambiguously.
Strategy.
The game can become quite tactical in open positions where the checkers on both sides are mobile.
The strategic depth of the game, however, derives to a large extent from blocking strategies designed to limit the opponent's mobility.
It can be very advantageous to pin one or more enemy checkers against the side of board by moving in the second row or column.
Having more checkers is usually an advantage, because they can limit the opponent's options as they mass together.
On the other hand, material considerations are not all-important, because having fewer checkers also means having fewer to unite.
Example game.
The above moves illustrated the rules, but not necessarily good play.
The following moves are more typical of expert play.
Black plays b1-b3.
The checker moves two squares vertically, because there are two checkers in the file: b1 and b8.
This move gives white no opportunity to capture, and threatens to hem in the pieces on the a-file.
White moves h4-f2.
The checker moves two spaces because there are two checkers in the diagonal: h4 and e1.
White threatens the mobility of black's checkers in the bottom row.
Black plays d1:a4, jumping over his own checker (which is permitted) and capturing the white checker at a4.
Note that black moved three spaces, as there were three checkers in the diagonal: a4, b3, and d1.
It isn't clear whether the capture is advantageous or not.
Black does now have an extra checker, but the move didn't do much to block white or build a central mass for black.
Usually early captures on the edge are not especially powerful, whereas early captures in the center are extremely good.
White plays h2-e2, continuing the blockade of the first rank.
The checker moves three squares, jumping over a friendly checker.
White, despite the substantial disadvantage of moving second, apparently is in the lead now due to the reduced mobility of black's first-row checkers.
White will soon play a2-d2, continuing to build his own bridge and forcing black's checker on e1 to move sideways if it wants to join the game. It hardly helps for black to try to escape with e1-c3, because that allows white to capture with a5:c3.
Example winning move.
In the diagram below, white has made a move that connects all his pieces while black is still at least two moves from such a state. Thus, white has won the game.
Champions.
The Lines of action world championships has taken place annually at the Mind Sports Olympiad. The world champions from 1997 onwards are given in the list below.
Variant.
A variant of Lines of Action with a different starting position was also proposed by Soucie and is known as Scrambled Eggs.

</doc>
<doc id="19554533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554533" title="Homo erectus">
Homo erectus

Homo erectus (meaning "upright man," from the Latin "ērigere", "to put up, set upright") is an extinct species of hominin that lived throughout most of the Pleistocene, with the earliest first fossil evidence dating to around 1.9 million years ago and the most recent to around 143,000 years ago. The species originated in Africa and spread as far as Georgia, India, Sri Lanka, China and Java.
There is still disagreement on the subject of the classification, ancestry, and progeny of "H. erectus", with two major alternative classifications: "erectus" may be another name for "Homo ergaster", and therefore the direct ancestor of later hominids such as "Homo heidelbergensis", "Homo neanderthalensis", and "Homo sapiens"; or it may be an Asian species distinct from African "ergaster".
Some palaeoanthropologists consider "H. ergaster" to be simply the African variety of "H. erectus". This leads to the use of the term ""Homo erectus sensu stricto"" for the Asian "H. erectus", and ""Homo erectus sensu lato"" for the larger species comprising both the early African populations ("H. ergaster") and the Asian populations.
Origin.
The first hypothesis is that "H. erectus" migrated from Africa during the Early Pleistocene, possibly as a result of the operation of the Saharan pump, around 2.0 million years ago, and it dispersed throughout much of the Old World. Fossilized remains have been found in Africa (e.g., Lake Turkana and Olduvai Gorge), Georgia, Indonesia (e.g., Sangiran in Central Java and Trinil in East Java), Vietnam, China (e.g., Shaanxi) and India.
The second hypothesis is that "H. erectus" evolved in Eurasia and then migrated to Africa. The species occupied a Caucasus site called Dmanisi, in Georgia, from 1.85 million to 1.77 million years ago, at the same time or slightly before the earliest evidence in Africa. Excavations found 73 stone tools for cutting and chopping and 34 bone fragments from unidentified creatures.
Discovery and representative fossils.
The Dutch anatomist Eugène Dubois, who was especially fascinated by Darwin's theory of evolution as applied to man, set out to Asia (the place accepted then, despite Darwin, as the cradle of human evolution), to find a human ancestor in 1886. In 1891, his team discovered a human fossil on the island of Java, Dutch East Indies (now Indonesia); he described the species as "Pithecanthropus erectus" (from the Greek "πίθηκος", "ape", and "ἄνθρωπος", "man"), based on a calotte (skullcap) and a femur like that of "H. sapiens" found from the bank of the Solo River at Trinil, in East Java. (This species is now regarded as "H. erectus").
The find became known as "Java Man". Thanks to Canadian anatomist Davidson Black's (1921) initial description of a lower molar, which was dubbed "Sinanthropus pekinensis", however, most of the early and spectacular discoveries of this taxon took place at Zhoukoudian in China. German anatomist Franz Weidenreich provided much of the detailed description of this material in several monographs published in the journal "Palaeontologica Sinica" (Series D).
Nearly all of the original specimens were lost during World War II; however, authentic Weidenreichian casts do exist at the American Museum of Natural History in New York and at the Institute of Vertebrate Paleontology and Paleoanthropology in Beijing, and are considered to be reliable evidence.
Throughout much of the 20th century, anthropologists debated the role of "H. erectus" in human evolution. Early in the century, however, due to discoveries on Java and at Zhoukoudian, it was believed that modern humans first evolved in Asia. A few naturalists (Charles Darwin most prominent among them) predicted that humans' earliest ancestors were African: he pointed out that chimpanzees and gorillas, who are human relatives, live only in Africa.
From the 1950s to 1970s, however, numerous fossil finds from East Africa yielded evidence that the oldest hominins originated there. It is now believed that "H. erectus" is a descendant of earlier genera such as "Ardipithecus" and "Australopithecus", or early "Homo"-species such as "H. habilis" or "H. ergaster". "H. habilis" and "H. erectus" coexisted for several thousand years, and may represent separate lineages of a common ancestor.
Archaeologist John T. Robinson and Robert Broom named "Telanthropus capensis" in the 1950s, now thought to belong to "Homo erectus". Robinson discovered a jaw fragment, SK 45, in September 1949 in Swartkrans, South Africa. In 1957, Simonetta proposed to re-designate it "Homo erectus", and Robinson (1961) agreed.
The skull of "Tchadanthropus uxoris", discovered in 1961 by Yves Coppens in Chad, is the earliest fossil human discovered in the North of Africa. This fossil "had been so eroded by wind-blown sand that it mimicked the appearance of an australopith, a primitive type of hominid". Though some first considered it to be a specimen of "H. habilis", it is no longer considered to be a valid taxon, and scholars rather consider it to represent "H. erectus".
"Homo erectus georgicus".
Homo erectus georgicus () is the subspecies name sometimes used to describe fossil skulls and jaws found in Dmanisi, Georgia. Although first proposed as a separate species, it is now classified within "H. erectus". A partial skeleton was discovered in 2001. The fossils are about 1.8 million years old. The remains were first discovered in 1991 by Georgian scientist, David Lordkipanidze, accompanied by an international team that unearthed the remains. There have been many proposed explanations of the dispersion of "H. erectus georgicus". Implements and animal bones were found alongside the ancient human remains.
At first, scientists thought they had found mandibles and skulls belonging to "Homo ergaster", but size differences led them to name a new species, "Homo georgicus", which was posited as a descendant of "Homo habilis" and ancestor of Asian "Homo erectus". This classification was not upheld, and the fossil is now considered a divergent subgroup of "Homo erectus", sometimes called "Homo erectus georgicus".
At around brain volume, the skull D2700 is dated to and in good condition, offering insights in comparison to the modern human cranial morphology. At the time of discovery the cranium was the smallest and most primitive Hominina skull ever discovered outside of Africa. However, in 2003 a significantly smaller brained hominid was found on the isle of Flores, "H. floresiensis". "Homo erectus georgicus" exhibits strong sexual dimorphism with males being significantly larger than females.
Subsequently, four fossil skeletons were found, showing a species primitive in its skull and upper body but with relatively advanced spines and lower limbs, providing greater mobility. They are now thought not to be a separate species, but to represent a stage soon after the transition between "Homo habilis" and "H. erectus", and have been dated at 1.8 million years before the present, according to the leader of the project, David Lordkipanidze. The assemblage includes one of the largest Pleistocene "Homo" mandibles (D2600), one of the smallest Lower Pleistocene mandibles (D211), a nearly complete sub‐adult (D2735), and a completely toothless specimen (D3900).
A further skull, the only intact skull ever found of an early Pleistocene hominin, was described in 2013. At just under 550 cubic centimetres, the skull had the smallest braincase of all the individuals found at the site. The variations in these skulls prompted the researchers to examine variations in modern human and chimpanzees. The researchers found that while the Dmanisi skulls looked different from one another, the variations were no greater than those seen among modern people and among chimpanzees. These variations therefore suggest that previous fossil finds thought to be of different species on the basis of their variations, such as "Homo rudolfensis", "Homo gautengensis", "H. ergaster" and possibly "H. habilis", may be alternatively interpreted as belonging to the same lineage as "Homo erectus".
Classification and special distinction.
Many paleoanthropologists still debate the definition of "H. erectus" and "H. ergaster" as separate species. Several scholars suggested dropping the taxon "Homo erectus" and instead equating "H. erectus" with the archaic "H. sapiens". Some call "H. ergaster" the direct African ancestor of "H. erectus", proposing that it emigrated out of Africa and immigrated to Asia, branching into a distinct species. Most dispense with the species name "ergaster", making no distinction between such fossils as the Turkana Boy and Peking Man. Although ""Homo ergaster"" has gained some acceptance as a valid taxon, these two are still usually defined as distinct African and Asian populations of the larger species "H. erectus".
While some have argued (and insisted) that Ernst Mayr's biological species definition cannot be used here to test the above hypotheses, one can, however, examine the amount of morphological cranial variation within known "H. erectus" / "H. ergaster" specimens, and compare it to what one sees in disparate extant groups of primates with similar geographical distribution or close evolutionary relationship. Thus, if the amount of variation between "H. erectus" and "H. ergaster" is greater than what one sees within a species of, say, macaques, then "H. erectus" and "H. ergaster" may be considered two different species.
The extant model of comparison is very important, and selecting appropriate species can be difficult. (For example, the morphological variation among the global population of "H. sapiens" is small, and our own special diversity may not be a trustworthy comparison). As an example, fossils found in Dmanisi in the Republic of Georgia were originally described as belonging to another closely related species, "Homo georgicus", but subsequent examples showed their variation to be within the range of "Homo erectus", and they are now classified as "Homo erectus georgicus".
"H. erectus" had a cranial capacity greater than that of "Homo habilis" (although the Dmanisi specimens have distinctively small crania): the earliest remains show a cranial capacity of 850 cm³, while the latest Javan specimens measure up to 1100 cm³, overlapping that of "H. sapiens".; the frontal bone is less sloped and the dental arcade smaller than the australopithecines'; the face is more orthognatic (less protrusive) than either the australopithecines' or "H. habilis"'s, with large brow-ridges and less prominent zygomata (cheekbones). These early hominins stood about , (Only 17 percent of modern male humans are taller) and were extraordinarily slender, with long arms and legs.
The sexual dimorphism between males and females was slightly greater than seen in "H. sapiens", with males being about 25% larger than females, but less than that of the earlier "Australopithecus" genus. The discovery of the skeleton KNM-WT 15000, "Turkana boy" ("Homo ergaster"), made near Lake Turkana, Kenya by Richard Leakey and Kamoya Kimeu in 1984, is one of the most complete hominid-skeletons discovered, and has contributed greatly to the interpretation of human physiological evolution.
For the remainder of this article, the name "Homo erectus" will be used to describe a distinct species for the convenience of continuity.
Use of tools.
"Homo ergaster " used more diverse and sophisticated stone tools than its predecessors. "H. erectus", however, used comparatively primitive tools. This is possibly because "H. ergaster" first used tools of Oldowan technology and later progressed to the Acheulean while the use of Acheulean tools began ca. 1.8 million years ago, the line of "H. erectus" diverged some 200,000 years before the general innovation of Acheulean technology. Thus the Asian migratory descendants of "H. ergaster" made no use of any Acheulean technology. In addition, it has been suggested that "H. erectus" may have been the first hominid to use rafts to travel over oceans.
Use of fire.
East African sites, such as Chesowanja near Lake Baringo, Koobi Fora, and Olorgesailie in Kenya, show some possible evidence that fire was utilized by early humans. At Chesowanja, archaeologists found red clay sherds dated to be 1.42 Mya. Reheating on these sherds show that the clay must have been heated to to harden. At Koobi Fora, sites FxJjzoE and FxJj50 show evidence of control of fire by "Homo erectus" at 1.5 Mya, with the reddening of sediment that can only come from heating at . A "hearth-like depression" exists at a site in Olorgesailie, Kenya. Some microscopic charcoal was found, but it could have resulted from a natural brush fire. In Gadeb, Ethiopia, fragments of welded tuff that appeared to have been burned were found in Locality 8E, but re-firing of the rocks may have occurred due to local volcanic activity. These have been found amongst "H. erectus"–created Acheulean artifacts. In the Middle Awash River Valley, cone-shaped depressions of reddish clay were found that could have been created by temperatures of . These features are thought to be burned tree stumps such that they would have fire away from their habitation site. Burnt stones are also found in the Awash Valley, but volcanic welded tuff is also found in the area.
A site at Bnot Ya'akov Bridge, Israel, has been claimed to show that "H. erectus" or "H. ergaster" made fires between 790,000 and 690,000 BP. To date this has been the most widely accepted claim, although recent reanalysis of burnt bone fragments and plant ashes from the Wonderwerk Cave have sparked claims of evidence supporting human control of fire by 1 Ma.
Cooking.
There is no evidence that "Homo erectus" cooked their food. The idea has been suggested, but is not generally accepted. It is known, from the study of microwear on handaxes, that meat formed a major part of the erectus diet. Meat is perfectly digestible without cooking, and is sometimes eaten raw by modern humans. Nuts, berries, fruits are also edible without cooking. Thus cooking cannot be presumed: the issue rests on clear evidence from archaeological sites, which at present does not exist.
Sociality.
"Homo erectus" was probably the first hominid to live in a hunter-gatherer society, and anthropologists such as Richard Leakey believe that it was socially more like modern humans than the more "Australopithecus"-like species before it. Likewise, increased cranial capacity generally coincides with the more sophisticated tools occasionally found with fossils.
The discovery of Turkana boy ("H. ergaster") in 1984 gave evidence that, despite its "Homo-sapiens"-like anatomy, it may not have been capable of producing sounds comparable to modern human speech. "Ergaster" likely communicated in a proto-language lacking the fully developed structure of modern human language but more developed than the non-verbal communication used by chimpanzees. Such inference has been challenged by the discovery of "H. ergaster"/"erectus" vertebrae some 150,000 years older than the Turkana Boy in Dmanisi, Georgia, that reflect vocal capabilities within the range of "H. sapiens". Both brain-size and the presence of the Broca's area also support the use of articulate language.
"H. erectus" was probably the first hominid to live in small, familiar band-societies similar to modern hunter-gatherer band-societies. "H. erectus"/"ergaster" is thought to be the first hominid to hunt in coordinated groups, use complex tools, and care for infirm or weak companions.
There has been some debate as to whether "H. erectus", and possibly the later Neanderthals, may have interbred with anatomically modern humans in Europe and Asia. "See" Neanderthal admixture theory.
Descendants and subspecies.
"Homo erectus" remains one of the most long-lived species of "Homo", having existed over a million years, while Homo sapiens has so far existed for 200,000 years. As a distinct Asian species, however, no consensus has been reached as to whether it is ancestral to "H. sapiens" or any later hominids.
Related Species
Previously Referred Taxa
The discovery of "Homo floresiensis" in 2003 and of the recentness of its extinction has raised the possibility that numerous descendant species of "Homo erectus" may have existed in the islands of Southeast Asia and await fossil discovery (see "Orang Pendek"). "Homo erectus soloensis", who was long assumed to have lived on Java at least as late as about 50,000 years ago but was re-dated in 2011 to a much higher age, would be one of them. Some scientists are skeptical of the claim that "Homo floresiensis" is a descendant of "Homo erectus". One explanation holds that the fossils are of a modern human with microcephaly, while another one holds that they are from a group of pygmies.
Individual fossils.
Some of the major "Homo erectus" fossils:
See also.
General:

</doc>
<doc id="19554542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554542" title="Crossbridging">
Crossbridging

A crossbridging agent is a difuntional molecule that, through a chemical reaction, joins polymeric materials together that are on opposite sides of an interface. Unlike crosslinking, crossbridging does not join two polymer chains to form a single continuous piece of rubber during the vulcanization process. Rather, the rubber continues to remain distinct, separated by an interface; however, a strong covalent or ionic bond is typically created.

</doc>
<doc id="19554560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554560" title="Herald Moth">
Herald Moth

Herald Moth is the fourth studio album by InMe, released on 14 September 2009. It is their only album to feature Ben Konstantinovic on guitar. Following Konstantinovic's departure, Gary Marlow joined the band on 1 February 2010. The album peaked at number 68 on the official UK albums chart.
Development of the album.
On 5 October 2007 Dave McPherson announced on his personal MySpace that in the next few months he will be working on a new album for InMe. From his blog:
"“ It is splendid to be home, getting clean clothes and resting the ears and chilling with loved ones. But InMe's next move is already on the cards...more news soon.
I will be using this time off to continue writing InMe's 4th project which is going to be something very different and challenging. The heavy technical stuff is going to be elaborated on as well as the slower songs are going to be thought out very intimately. Obviously these are very early days but one may as well get cracking.”"
Dave started playing a new InMe song acoustically in his solo shows together with his solo lead-guitarist Ben Konstantinovic who consequently joined the band in the summer of 2008.
"“He will be my lead guitarist from now on...as for InMe... We may be making a few massive changes come summertime.”
On 18 September, Dave revealed through his solo Myspace that the fourth album will be titled Herald Moth. He also released a video blog on YouTube where talking about the fourth opus. On 19 September, Dave revealed that Herald Moth will be recorded at Chapel Studios where Overgrown Eden was recorded with the producer Ewan Davies who produced InMe songs such as "Gelosea", "Inside", "The End", "Your Pain", "Angels with Snipers" and "Every Whisper Aches".
On 24 November the band revealed that their upcoming UK tour with Pendulum had been cancelled due to money problems but would however try and make the Brixton Academy dates possible. The band also revealed that they would be entering the studio to put the finishing touches to upcoming album Herald Moth on 5 January 2009 meaning that the album could be out as early as spring 2009.
On 1 December 2008 a selection of clips from the demos recorded for Herald Moth were uploaded to InMe's Myspace.
On 5 January 2009 InMe started recording Herald Moth with producer Ewan Davies at Chapel Studios in Lincoln. The band made a series of video diaries ("InMedia") of their studio antics. In February 2009 it was confirmed that InMe had finished recording the album and that it was ready for mixing and mastering.
A short UK tour was announced to commence in late April, leading many to believe that this is when the album was to be released around that time. Although the album was not released for another few months, several songs from the album were aired for the first time. These shows were the only shows to involve Ben Konstantinovic in a live setting and were InMe's first shows as a four piece.
On 6 April, InMe uploaded a new track from Herald Moth called "Nova Armada" to their MySpace. It is also rumoured that the album will be released in August. A day later, InMe Confirmed the album's final tracklist. It was also confirmed that the band will be uploading one song a month until the album's release (probably in late August) with a single to be released beforehand. The first of these tracks to be released on Myspace was "Nova Armada" followed by "The Art of Moderation" with "Belief Revival", "I Will Honour You" and "Ferocity in Desire" following on in later months. Following much speculation, the first single was announced as "Single of the Weak" which was released on August 17, a week later than intended, with Greg McPherson confirming this via the band's official forums.
On 29 June 2009, the band released the album's artwork via their MySpace, as well as setting a provisional release date of 31 August. Herald Moth was eventually released on 14 September through Graphite Records. It reached #68 in the UK chart.
The second single from the album, a double A side featuring "All Terrain Vehicle" and "Nova Armada" was released in June 2010 with an accompanying video for "Nova Armada".
Style.
Herald Moth continues where Daydream Anonymous left off in that most of its songs contain technical riffing blended with clean melodic vocal lines. The album is much heavier than its predecessors, with some of the riffing being directly mathcore influenced (such as that in Master Storm) whereas other riffs resemble heavier chugging breakdowns. Most of the songs feature finger tapping, a hallmark of former lead Guitarist Ben Konstantinovic who is a skilled airtapper and solo acoustic artist. Further to this songs such as Captain Killjoy and The Art of Moderation feature lengthy shredding style guitar solos, another new addition to the band's sound.
Typical of InMe albums past, the ballads on this album are emotional and powerful with the new addition of strings for a more grandiose sound. Most of the songs still have a regular structure but are very well thought out and more musically complex whilst remaining catchy. Some of the songs such as Ferocity in Desire retain InMe's grungy bounce of old but most are more mature sounding and showcase much improved musicianship.
Track listing.
All songs written by Dave McPherson and InMe
Personnel.
Band.
Ben Konstantinovic and InMe amicably parted ways during the touring period of the album and was replaced by Gary Marlow (formerly of Dry Rise) in February 2010.
Other songs from the Herald Moth Sessions.
In addition to the two bonus tracks found on the limited edition versions of Herald Moth, two more songs were recorded in the sessions for the album. The first of which is "Let's Go To War Baby" which appeared as a B side to "Single of the Weak".
Ophion Luteus is a further B Side recorded during the Herald Moth Sessions that InMe gave aways as a free download exclusively on Christmas Day 2009. The song is short and almost instrumental. By mistake, 2 versions were released. One with verse and chorus vocals and one with just a sung chorus, the verses being left instrumental. This version is also slightly longer. The band members switched instruments in order to record this song. They lined up as follows:
Greg McPherson (Normally on Bass) - Guitar
Simon Taylor (Normally on Drums) - Bass
Dave McPherson (Normally on Vocals/Guitars) - Drums/Vocals.
Ben Konstantinovic (Normally on Lead Guitar) - Guitar
It was later revealed that most of the Guitars on the track were done by Greg, with Ben contributing only the melodic outro solo.

</doc>
<doc id="19554572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554572" title="Don R. Scott">
Don R. Scott

Don R. Scott (born 5 November 1929) was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the early 1950s.
Scott played mostly as a ruckman or in defense over the course of his career, which began in 1948 at West Perth. In his first season he was selected in the Western Australian interstate team and took part in two victories over Victoria.
His VFL stint lasted five seasons, with South Melbourne failing to make the finals in each. He returned to West Perth as captain-coach in 1955 and the following year crossed to Swan Districts where he had the same role.
He joined Waverley as their inaugural captain-coach when they joined the VFA for the 1961 competition and kicked 57 goals in his first season.

</doc>
<doc id="19554579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554579" title="Pointe du Toulinguet">
Pointe du Toulinguet

The Pointe du Toulinguet is a promontory at the end of the Crozon peninsula in the commune of Camaret-sur-Mer in France.
Its known fortifications include a prehistoric fortified site, as well as a lower battery by Vauban (of which only the platform remains). It is also the site of a model-tower number 3, with a surrounding wall, 4 batteries built in 1883 and 1899, a 1949 signal station still in use and an 1848 lighthouse. It is still military land and closed to the public.

</doc>
<doc id="19554587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554587" title="1948–49 Montreal Canadiens season">
1948–49 Montreal Canadiens season

The 1948–49 Montreal Canadiens season was the 40th season in club history. The Montreal Canadiens were eliminated in the semi-finals against the Detroit Red Wings 4 games to 3.
Regular season.
Bill Durnan set a long-standing modern NHL record between February 26 and March 6, 1949, when he amassed four consecutive shutouts, not allowing a goal over a span of 309 minutes, 21 seconds. This record was not surpassed until 2004, when Brian Boucher, then of the Phoenix Coyotes, broke it.
Playoffs.
The Canadiens would meet the Detroit Red Wings in the first round of the playoffs.
"Detroit wins best-of-seven series 4 games to 3."

</doc>
<doc id="19554597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554597" title="Hijam Irabot">
Hijam Irabot

Hijam Irabot Singh (30 September 1896-26 September 1951), also known as Jana Neta Hijam Irabot, was a freedom fighter, politician and social activist from Manipur. He was one of the founder leaders of Communist Party of India (CPI) in Manipur. He wrote journals and poetry, as well as plays in which he also acted. He was also a sportsman. He chaired the 4th Session of the Nikhil Manipuri Mahasabha. He showed leadership against social injustices during the Second Nupilal, 1939. In the June/ July 1948 election to the Manipur Assembly, Irabot won from the Utlou Constituency.
Early life.
Irabot was born to Hijam Ibungohal Singh and Chongtham Ningol Thambalngambi at Hijam Leikai which has now been replaced by the 1st Manipur Rifles. After his father's death, he moved with his mother to stay with his aunt at Moirangkhom Sawaijam. He studied at Johnstone Higher Secondary School, Imphal, Manipur (still existing, located at western side of Kangla Fort), till Class 7 and founded two student bodies, "Bal Sangha" and "Chatra Sanmelan". In 1913, he went to Dhaka with his cousin, Sawaijam Somorendro and got admitted at "Pugoj High School" to study till Class 9. In 1915, he dropped out due to shortage of money and went to Agartala.
Later that year, when he came back to Manipur, he found that his mother had died. He stayed with a friend in Wangkhei called Maibam Shamden who worked in the court of King Churachand. It was then that he came in good relations with the royal family. He got married to the king's elder brother's daughter Khomdonsana. He was then appointed a member of the Sadar panchayat
Political life, 1934-1938.
Originally known as the "Nikhil Manipuri Hindu Mahasabha", the "Nikhil Manipuri Mahasabha" was founded under the patronage of Maharaja Churachand Singh who was the president of the organization. All works were carried out by Hijam Irabot who was the vice-president. Under Irabot's guidance, 4 sessions were held. In the last one at Chinga, during Maharaja Churachand's absence, Irabot changed the name of the sabha by dropping "Hindu" off the original name. He also changed it into a political party. Maharaja Churachand sent a warning to Irabot on the events taking place in his absence.
Irabot and Elangbam Tompok, a clerk at the revenue department resigned from the Sadar Panchayat. They outlined a legislature which was submitted to the king and the Manipur State Durbar. It was rejected.
Political life, 1939-1951.
This phase could be termed as the socio-reformer phase. In 1939, when the 2nd Nupilal broke out in Manipur, a section of the NMM called the Praja Sanmelani split off the original party to join the Nupilal. Irabot headed this party and gave a speech at the Police lane in 1940. He was arrested and deported to the Silhet Jail.
At the jail, he met Indian communist leaders like Hemanga Biswas and Jyotirmoy Nandi. He was greatly influenced by them.
Irabot was released from the Sylhet jail on 20 March 1943. But he was not permitted to enter Manipur.He stayed in Cachar district to work among the Manipuri peasants and also among the non-Manipuri ex teagarden workers. There he joined the Kisan movements. He kept in touch with the communist leaders and attended the first Party congress of the Communist party of India that was held at Bombay from 23 May to 1 June 1943 as a special invitee from Cachar.In Cachar he organized cultural squads known as Swadesh Ganer Dal, which was later on incorporated in the Indian People's Theatre Association. He led a delegation from Cachar to the All India Kisan Sabha session held at Netra Kona in Mymensing District of Bengal. In March 1844, he went to Bejwada (Katakual Village) to join the Kisan Conference and stayed for sometime at the Bengal Communist Party office. The same year he went to Sylhet to join the annual session of the Surma valley provisional Kisan Sabha.
Irabot was detained as a security prisoner in the Silchar District jail with effect from 15 September 1944 on the charge that he was a communist. He was released on 10 January 1945. After more than 5 years of political exile, Irabot was given permission to stay in Manipur for a week (from 2 to 10 September 1945). His request for an extension of his stay in Manipur was denied.
He came back to Cachar and carried out peasants' movement. He was appointed General Secretary of the Cachar District Kishan Sabha and President of the Surma Valley Kishan Sabha. He was instrumental in the establishment of the Assam Kisha Sabha, the CPI Assam Provincial Committee, and the Assam Students' Federation. He contested in the 1946 election to the Assam Provincial Legislatures Assembly from the Silchar constituency as a CPI candidate, but lost by a narrow margin.
Irabot was finally permitted to enter Manipur in March 1946. In Manipur he organized a new party called the Manipur Praja Mandal in April 1946. He attended two sessions of the Nikhil Manipuri Mahasabha before he was expelled from the membership of the Working Committee of the Mahasabha on the charge of being a member of the Communist Party of India. He attended the second congress of the CPI held at Calcutta from 28 Feb to 6 March 1948.
The first Communist Party of Manipur was formed on 23 August 1948. In the June/ July 1948 election to the Manipur Assembly, Irabot contested and won under from the Utlou Constituency as a Krishak Sabha candidate. Before the inauguration of the Assembly, Irabot on behalf of the Manipur Praja Sangha and Manipur Krishak sabha called a meeting at the M.D.U Hall on 21 September 1948, to protest against the formation of Purbachal Pradesh, composed of Manipur, Tripura, Cachar and Lushai Hills.
A scuffle took place at Pungdongbam when the Manipur State Police prevented a group of citizens who came to attend the meeting in which a police officer was killed on the spot. The Manipur state council declared the Manipur Praja Sangha and Manipur Krishak Sabha unlawful. The state officials declined to constitute an Enquiry Committee to investigate the Pungdongbam incident.
Irabot could not attend the first meeting of the Manipur Legislative Assembly held on 18 October 1948 because of the warrant against him. Irabot formed an underground Communist Party of Manipur on 29 October 1948 and carried out armed struggle against the government. He died on 26 September 1951 at the foothills of the Anggo Hills.

</doc>
<doc id="19554606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554606" title="Space elevator safety">
Space elevator safety

There are risks associated with never-before-done technologies like the construction and operation of a space elevator. A space elevator would present a navigational hazard, both to aircraft and spacecraft. Aircraft could be dealt with by means of simple air-traffic control restrictions. Impacts by space objects such as meteoroids and micrometeorites pose a more difficult problem for construction and operation of a space elevator.
Satellites.
If nothing were done, essentially all satellites with perigees below the top of the elevator would eventually collide with the elevator cable. Twice per day, each orbital plane intersects the elevator, as the rotation of the Earth swings the cable around the equator. Usually the satellite and the cable will not line up. However, except for synchronized orbits, the elevator and satellite will eventually occupy the same place at the same time, almost certainly leading to structural failure of the space elevator and destruction of the satellite.
Most active satellites are capable of some degree of orbital maneuvering and could avoid these predictable collisions, but inactive satellites and other orbiting debris would need to be either pre-emptively removed from orbit by "garbage collectors" or would need to be closely watched and nudged whenever their orbit approaches the elevator. The impulses required would be small, and need be applied only very infrequently; a laser broom system may be sufficient for this task. In addition, Brad Edward's design allows the elevator to move out of the way, because the fixing point is at sea and mobile. Such movements would be also be managed so as to damp-out transverse oscillations of the cable.
Meteoroids and micrometeorites.
Meteoroids present another problem, they would not be predictable and much less time would be available to detect and track them as they approach Earth. It is likely that a space elevator would still suffer impacts of some kind, no matter how carefully it is guarded. However, most space elevator designs call for the use of multiple parallel cables separated from each other by struts, with sufficient margin of safety that severing just one or two strands still allows the surviving strands to hold the elevator's entire weight while repairs are performed. If the strands are properly arranged, no single impact would be able to sever enough of them to overwhelm the surviving strands.
Micrometeorites are tiny high-speed particles found in high concentrations at certain altitudes. Avoiding micrometeorites is essentially impossible, and they will ensure that strands of the elevator are continuously being cut. Most methods designed to deal with this involve a design similar to a hoytether or to a network of strands in a cylindrical or planar arrangement with two or more helical strands. Constructing the cable as a mesh instead of a ribbon helps prevent collateral damage from each micrometeorite impact.
Failure cascade.
For stability, it is not enough that other fibers be able to take over the load of a failed strand — the system must also survive the immediate, dynamical effects of fiber failure, which generates projectiles aimed at the cable itself. For example, if the cable has a working stress of 50 GPa and a Young's modulus of 1000 GPa, its strain will be 0.05 and its stored elastic energy will be 1/2 × 0.05 × 50 GPa = 1.25×109 joules per cubic meter. Breaking a fiber will result in a pair of de-tensioning waves moving apart at the speed of sound in the fiber, with the fiber segments behind each wave moving at over 1,000 m/s (more than the muzzle velocity of a standard .223 caliber (5.56 mm) round fired from an M16 rifle). Unless these fast-moving projectiles can be stopped safely, they will break yet other fibers, initiating a failure cascade capable of severing the cable. The challenge of preventing fiber breakage from initiating a catastrophic failure cascade seems to be unaddressed in the current literature on terrestrial space elevators. Problems of this sort would be easier to solve in lower-tension applications (e.g., lunar elevators). This problem has been described by physicist Freeman Dyson.
Corrosion.
Corrosion is thought by some to be a risk to any thinly built tether (which most designs call for). In the upper atmosphere, atomic oxygen steadily eats away at most materials. A tether will consequently need to either be made from a corrosion-resistant material or have a corrosion-resistant coating, adding to weight. Gold and platinum have been shown to be practically immune to atomic oxygen; several far more common materials such as aluminum are damaged very slowly and could be repaired as needed.
Other analyses show atomic oxygen to be a non-problem in practice.
Another potential solution to the corrosion problem is a continuous renewal of the tether surface (which could be done from standard, though possibly slower elevators). This process would depend on the tether composition and it could be done on the nanoscale (by replacing individual fibers) or in segments.
Radiation.
The effectiveness of the magnetosphere to deflect radiation emanating from the sun decreases dramatically after rising several earth radii above the surface. This ionizing radiation may cause damage to materials within both the tether and climbers.
Weather.
In the atmosphere, the risk factors of wind and lightning come into play. The basic mitigation is location. As long as the tether's anchor remains within two degrees of the equator, it will remain in the quiet zone between the Earth's Hadley cells, where there is relatively little violent weather. Remaining storms could be avoided by moving a floating anchor platform. The lightning risk can be minimized by using a nonconductive fiber with a water-resistant coating to help prevent a conductive buildup from forming. The wind risk can be minimized by use of a fiber with a small cross-sectional area that can rotate with the wind to reduce resistance. Ice forming on the cable also presents a potential problem. It could add significantly to the cable's weight and affect the passage of elevator cars. Also, ice falling from the cable could damage elevator cars or the cable itself. To get rid of ice, special elevator cars could scrape the ice off.
Vibrational harmonics.
A final risk of structural failure comes from the possibility of vibrational harmonics within the cable. Like the shorter and more familiar strings of stringed musical instruments, the cable of a space elevator has a natural resonant frequency. If the cable is excited at this frequency, for example by the travel of elevators up and down it, the vibrational energy could build up to dangerous levels and exceed the cable's tensile strength. This can be avoided by the use of suitable damping systems within the cable, and by scheduling travel up and down the cable keeping its resonant frequency in mind. It may be possible to dampen the resonant frequency against the Earth's magnetosphere.
In the event of failure.
If despite all these precautions the elevator is severed anyway, the resulting scenario depends on where exactly the break occurred:
Cut near the anchor point.
If the elevator is cut at its anchor point on Earth's surface, the outward force exerted by the counterweight would cause the entire elevator to rise upward into a higher orbit, or escape Earth's gravity The ultimate altitude of the severed upper end of the cable would depend on the details of the elevator's mass distribution.
Cut up to about 25,000 km.
If the break occurred at higher altitude, up to about 25,000 km, the lower portion of the elevator would descend to Earth and drape itself along the equator east of the anchor point, while the now unbalanced upper portion would rise to a higher orbit. Some authors (such as science fiction writers David Gerrold in "Jumping off the Planet" and Kim Stanley Robinson in "Red Mars") have suggested that such a failure would be catastrophic, with the thousands of kilometers of falling cable creating a swath of meteoric destruction along the planet's surface. However, in most cable designs, the upper portion of any cable that falls to Earth would burn up in the atmosphere. Additionally, because proposed initial cables have very low mass (roughly 1 kg per kilometer) and are flat, the bottom portion would likely settle to Earth with less force than a sheet of paper due to air resistance on the way down.
If the break occurred at the counterweight side of the elevator, the lower portion, now including the "central station" of the elevator, would begin to fall down and would continue down to reentry if no part of the cable below failed as well. Depending on the size, it would either burn up on re-entry or impact the surface. A mechanism to immediately sever the cable below the station would prevent reentry of the station and result in its continuation in a high and slightly modified orbit. Simulations have shown that as the descending portion of the space elevator "wraps around" Earth, the stress on the remaining length of cable increases, resulting in its upper sections breaking off and being flung away. The details of how these pieces break and the trajectories they take are highly sensitive to initial conditions.
Elevator climbers.
It is almost inevitable that some objects — climbers, structural members, repair crews, etc. — will accidentally fall off the elevator at some point. Their subsequent fate would depend upon their initial altitude. Except at geostationary altitude, an object on a space elevator is not in a circular orbit and so its trajectory will not remain parallel to it. The object will instead enter an elliptical orbit, the characteristics of which depend on where the object was on the elevator when it was released.
If the initial height of the object falling off of the elevator is less than 23,000 km, its orbit will have an apogee at the altitude where it was released from the elevator and a perigee within Earth's atmosphere — it will intersect the atmosphere within a few hours, and not complete an entire orbit. Above this critical altitude, the perigee is above the atmosphere and the object will be able to complete a full orbit to return to the altitude it started from. By then the elevator would be somewhere else, but a spacecraft could be dispatched to retrieve the object or otherwise remove it. The lower the altitude at which the object falls off, the greater the eccentricity of its orbit.
If the object falls off at the geostationary altitude itself, it will remain nearly motionless relative to the elevator just as in conventional orbital flight, and thus would be very easy to retrieve. At higher altitudes the object would again be in an elliptical orbit, this time with a perigee at the altitude the object was released from and an apogee somewhere higher than that. The eccentricity of the orbit would increase with the altitude from which the object is released.
Above 47,000 km, however, an object that falls off of the elevator would have a velocity greater than the local escape velocity of Earth. The object would head out into interplanetary space requiring on-board rocketry or an interception to retrieve.
Van Allen Belts.
The space elevator would run through the Van Allen belts. This is not a problem for most freight, but the amount of time a climber spends in this region would cause radiation poisoning to any unshielded human or other living things. Some speculate that passengers would continue to travel by high-speed rocket, while space elevators haul bulk cargo. Research into lightweight shielding and techniques for clearing out the belts is underway. 
More conventional and faster atmospheric reentry techniques such as aerobraking might be employed on the way down to minimize radiation exposure. De-orbit burns use relatively little fuel and are cheap.
An obvious option would be for the elevator to carry shielding to protect passengers, though this would reduce its overall capacity. The best radiation shielding is very mass-intensive for physical reasons. Alternatively, the shielding itself could in some cases consist of useful payload, for example food, water, fuel or construction/maintenance materials, and no additional shielding costs are incurred during ascent.

</doc>
<doc id="19554626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554626" title="Johann Wilhelm von Müller">
Johann Wilhelm von Müller

Baron Johann Wilhelm von Müller (4 March 1824 – 24 October 1866) was a German ornithologist and explorer.
Müller was born in Kochersteinsfeld, Neckarsulm, the grandson of the banker Johannes Müller. In 1845 he travelled to Morocco and Algiers, and in 1847 embarked on a longer African journey, accompanied by Alfred Brehm as his secretary. They travelled through Egypt to Khartoum and Kordofan, returning to Alexandria in February 1849. Müller left Brehm there and returned to Germany with the natural history specimens collected on his journey, and made plans for a third expedition. Unfortunately Müller ran into financial difficulties and was not able to rejoin Brehm, instead sending him funds to proceed to Khartoum with Alfred's brother Oskar and a doctor called Richard Vierthaler.
In the autumn of 1849 Müller began publication of the ornithological journal "Naumannia", edited by Eduard Baldamus. He also began work on an illustrated book entitled "Beiträge zur Ornithologie Afrikas" (1853-1870), of which only five parts were ever published. In 1852 he purchased the natural history collection of Christian Ludwig Landbeck before the latter's emigration to Chile. Later in that same year he became director of the Brussels Zoological Garden, resigning in 1854. He then travelled to North America and Mexico, and on his return wrote "Reisen in den Vereinigten Staaten, Canada, und Mexiko" (1864-1865).
Müller is commemorated in the name of the Blue-headed Bee-eater "Merops muelleri".
The Müllerberget mountain in Edgeøya, Svalbard, is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="19554656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554656" title="1947–48 Montreal Canadiens season">
1947–48 Montreal Canadiens season

The 1947–48 Montreal Canadiens season was the 39th season in club history. The team finished fifth, four points out of a playoff spot.
Regular season.
Bill Durnan was the last goaltender in the 20th Century to serve as Captain of an NHL team. He suffered his only losing season during the 1947-48 season, and, for the only time in his career, did not lead the league in goals against average.

</doc>
<doc id="19554663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554663" title="André Senghor">
André Senghor

André Senghor (born 28 January 1986), is a Senegalese striker. He currently plays for Baniyas SC.
Club career.
Senghor previously was loaned to Raja Casablanca, where he scored two goals in his first league match, against CODM Meknès, the second was one of the best of season.
Senghor also played an important role in Al-Karamah's run in the AFC Champions League 2007, while he was with the club on loan during 2007.
International career.
On 28 March 2009, he made his debut for the Senegal national football team against Oman.

</doc>
<doc id="19554677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554677" title="Round Top Island">
Round Top Island

Round Top Island is a 6.25 hectare island in south-eastern Australia. Its highest point is 165m above sea level. It is part of the Maatsuyker Island Group, lying close to the southern end of the south-western coast of Tasmania. It is also part of the Southwest National Park, and thus within the Tasmanian Wilderness World Heritage Site. The island is part of the Maatsuyker Island Group Important Bird Area, identified as such by BirdLife International because of its importance as a breeding site for seabirds.
Fauna.
Recorded breeding seabird species are the Short-tailed Shearwater (8900 pairs), Fairy Prion (9300 pairs), Common Diving-Petrel (8700 pairs), Pacific Gull and Silver Gull. The Metallic Skink and Tasmanian Tree Skink are present.

</doc>
<doc id="19554688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554688" title="Yong Mun Sen">
Yong Mun Sen

Yong Mun Sen (10January 18961962), born Yong Yen Lang in Kuching, Sarawak, he changed his name to Yong Mun Sen in 1922.
Biography.
Born in Kuching, Sarawak where his father ran a coconut estate, in 1901 Sen went to Dabu County in Meizhou City, Kwangtung (now Guangdong) Province in China for schooling in brush use and calligraphy and returned to Kuching in 1910. Sen always spoke of how seeing a Japanese artist painting with watercolors had made an indelible impression on him.
He is widely known as the Father of Malaysian Painting. Although trained in formal Chinese brush painting and calligraphy in China, as an artist he was drawn to watercolours and later oils.
Sen returned to China in 1914. His paintings during this visit were marked by a grandiose theme. He painted lions and tigers, images that were hugely popular with the warlords of the time. He married Lam Sek Foong in 1916, and returned to Sarawak in 1917.
He settled in Penang in 1922, where he had his own art studios on Penang Road and later Northam Road.
Mun Sen is noted for his watercolour landscape paintings , which incorporate influences from Chinese art resulting in more airy and generalised compositions rather than in more detailed or factual depictions. Since his death in 1962, his works have retained an important and honoured place in Malaysian art.
Two of his offspring follow in his footsteps, ChengWah and KhengWah. Both are well-established artists in their own media.

</doc>
<doc id="19554694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554694" title="Penfeld">
Penfeld

The Penfeld, "Penfell" in Breton, is a long French coastal river. On its left (east) bank has grown up the town of Brest in Finistère.
Course.
Its source is in the town of Gouesnou. It then passes through Bohars and Guilers (a hamlet bearing the river's name) before flowing out into the roadstead of Brest. The Penfeld runs along the former course of the river Aulne, shifted to the west by the opening of the goulet of the roadstead of Brest by the interglacial periods of the Quaternary Era. This explains its depth, allowing deep-draught ships to go quite a way upstream, with tides running up it for up to .
At Brest, the Penfeld is crossed by the Pont de l’Harteloire then, some way downstream, by the Pont de Recouvrance, the largest vertical-lift bridge in Europe until it was de-throned by the pont levant de Rouen in 2007.
In its last stretch, within embankments high, the Penfeld runs through the Brest naval base, and at its mouth (a site whose strategic importance has been recognised since antiquity) is the 15th-century Château de Brest.

</doc>
<doc id="19554710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554710" title="Juliet Etherington">
Juliet Etherington

 
 
Juliet Etherington (born 7 June 1979 in Hastings, New Zealand) is a shooting competitor for New Zealand. 
At the 2002 Commonwealth Games she won a bronze medal in the 50m Rifle Prone event. At the 2006 Commonwealth Games she won a silver medal in the 50m Rifle Prone and a bronze medal in the 50m Rifle Prone Pairs event partnering Kathryn Mead.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19554711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554711" title="Richard Norton (justice)">
Richard Norton (justice)

His Worship Richard Norton KS JP (died 1420) was a British justice. 
He was the son of Adam Conyers, who changed his name to Adam Norton when he married the heiress of Norton-on-Derwent in Yorkshire. Norton is first mentioned as an Advocate in 1399, and was created a Serjeant-at-law in 1401. On 4 June 1405 he was appointed to the trial of those involved in Richard le Scrope's rebellion, but was removed from the commission on 6 June. He served in 1406 as an Assize justice for the Palatinate of Durham, and in the same year was made a King's Serjeant. He was appointed as a justice for the Court of Common Pleas by Henry V on 23 May 1413, and Chief Justice a month later on 26 of June, becoming Chief justice of the Palatinate of Lancaster at around the same time. Between November 1414 and December 1420 he also appeared as a regular Trier of Petitions in Parliament.
Norton served on many government commissions under Henry IV and Henry V, most notably as a commissioner of Oyer and terminer in Durham, Yorkshire, Norfolk, Suffolk and Devon, and as an officer tasked with hunting down escaped criminals in Northumberland, Yorkshire, Norfolk and Suffolk. After his investigation into Richard le Scrope he was tasked with a similar commission into the lands of Henry Percy in 1407. He also served as a justice of the peace from 1399 onwards, initially for the North Riding of Yorkshire but later for other areas. He died on 20 December 1420, and was buried in Wath, Yorkshire.

</doc>
<doc id="19554718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554718" title="Space elevator construction">
Space elevator construction

The construction of a space elevator entails technical risk: some advances in engineering, manufacture and physical technology are required. Once a first space elevator is built, the second one and all others would have the use of the previous ones to assist in construction, making their costs considerably lower. Such follow-on space elevators would also benefit from the great reduction in technical risk achieved by the construction of the first space elevator. A number of different ways to deploy a space elevator have been proposed.
Early Construction Concepts.
One early plan involved lifting the entire mass of the elevator into geostationary orbit, and simultaneously lowering one cable downwards towards the Earth's surface while another cable is deployed upwards directly away from the Earth's surface.
Tidal forces (gravity and centrifugal force) would naturally pull the cables directly towards and directly away from the Earth and keep the elevator balanced around geostationary orbit. As the cable is deployed, Coriolis forces would pull the upper portion of the cable somewhat to the West and the lower portion of the cable somewhat to the East; this effect can be controlled by varying the deployment speed.
However, this approach requires lifting hundreds or even thousands of tons on conventional rockets, an expensive proposition.
Cable seeding design.
Bradley C. Edwards, former Director of Research for the Institute for Scientific Research (ISR), based in Fairmont, West Virginia proposed that, if nanotubes with sufficient strength could be made in bulk, a space elevator could be built in little more than a decade, rather than the far future. He proposed that a single hair-like 20-ton 'seed' cable be deployed in the traditional way, giving a very lightweight elevator with very little lifting capacity. Then, progressively heavier cables would be pulled up from the ground along it, repeatedly strengthening it until the elevator reaches the required mass and strength. This is much the same technique used to build suspension bridges.
Loop elevator design.
This is a less well developed design, but offers some other possibilities.
If the cable provides a useful tensile strength to density of about 48.1 GPa/(kg/m^3) or above, then a constant width cable can reach beyond geostationary orbit without breaking under its own weight. The far end can then be turned around and passed back down to the Earth forming a constant width loop, which would be kept spinning to avoid tangling. The two sides of the loop are naturally kept apart by coriolis forces due to the rotation of the Earth and the loop. By increasing the thickness of the cable from the ground a very quick (exponential) build-up of a new elevator may be performed (it helps that no active climbers are needed, and power is applied mechanically.) However, because the loop runs at constant speed, joining and leaving the loop may be somewhat challenging, and the carrying capacity of such a loop is lower than a conventional tapered design.
Current status.
Current technological status:
a) It would take 5 days to reach a geostationary altitude of 36,000 km with this speed.

</doc>
<doc id="19554728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554728" title="Lauren Griffiths">
Lauren Griffiths

Lauren Patricia Griffiths (born 14 February 1987) is an English cricketer. She plays for Cheshire and the Sapphires in the 'super fours' regional competition. She was named, at the age of 21, in the England squad for the 2009 Women's Cricket World Cup, to be held in Australia in March. A right-handed lower order batsman and wicket-keeper, she made her debut for Cheshire in 2002.
"Playing for England has always been something I've dreamt of and it's a great honour to be selected in the squad, especially for a World Cup," Griffiths said. "I'm out in Australia already playing cricket and training in Victoria for the winter in preparation for the tournament.
She made her one day international debut against Sri Lanka in Colombo on 15 November 2010 and played her first Twenty/20 International in England's victory over Australia at Perth on 12 January 2011. She made her test debut in the one off Ashes test at Bankstown Oval in January 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19554730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554730" title="Silver Lake Reservoir">
Silver Lake Reservoir

The Silver Lake Reservoirs comprise two concrete-lined basins, Ivanhoe Reservoir and Silver Lake, divided by a spillway, in the Silver Lake community of Los Angeles, California.
History.
The lower body of water was named in 1906 for Water Board Commissioner Herman Silver, and in turn lends its name to the neighborhood. The upper body received its name after the 1819 Sir Walter Scott novel "Ivanhoe".
The reservoirs are owned and maintained by the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power (DWP), and could provide water to 600,000 homes in downtown and South Los Angeles; however, only the smaller of the two, Ivanhoe, remains online. At capacity, it holds of water. The Silver Lake Reservoir's water resources will be replaced by an underground reservoir in Griffith Park, slated for completion in January 2015.
The reservoir is the focal point of the community and has evolved as a regional recreational resource. It is surrounded by several recreational areas, including a dog park on the south, a nursery school on the north, and the Silver Lake Recreation Center, which includes a basketball court on the south side of the lake. There is also a walking and jogging path, which stretches around the reservoir. In April 2011, the City of Los Angeles opened up for public use a three-acre passive park on the east side of the lake dubbed the "Silver Lake Meadow," modeled after the Sheep Meadow in New York's Central Park. In January 2014, some local residents proposed transforming the Ivanhoe part of the reservoir into a public, beach-like swimming venue titled "Silver Lake Plunge" but informally dubbed "Hipster Beach."
Environmental issues.
In December 2007, the DWP announced that the Silver Lake and Ivanhoe reservoirs had both become contaminated with unusually high levels of the cancer-causing chemical bromate, and were immediately isolated. The reservoirs were both drained over several weeks in March 2008, and refilled in May 2008. Two months later, 400,000 black hollow plastic "shade balls" were dumped in Ivanhoe, which remains in use, in the hopes to reduce the likelihood of the sunlight-fueled bromate. Silver Lake Reservoir was taken offline permanently. This incident pointed out the necessity of protecting the water supply by using underground tanks. The black plastic balls were created in Allentown, Pennsylvania by Orange Products Inc. The balls are also used at airports to prevent birds from landing in the water runoffs to keep the birds from getting sucked up by the planes. The balls were certified by the NSF International which certifies the safety of food, water, and consumer goods. In February 2013 LADWP contracted with the Glendora California based manufacturer, XavierC LLC, to supply an additional 6.4 million hollow plastic shade balls for reservoirs.

</doc>
<doc id="19554750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554750" title="The Watermelon">
The Watermelon

The Watermelon is an independent feature film penned by Michael Hemmingson and directed by Brad Mays. It is produced by Lorenda Starfelt at LightSong Films in North Hollywood."The Watermelon" is Michael Hemmingson's first produced full-length screenplay, and director Brad Mays' fourth feature film.
Description.
"The Watermelon" has been called "a story without seeds" and "a film about how really weird stuff can happen." It is a metaphysical comedy about a fellow who receives a mysterious inheritance from his long lost alcoholic stepfather: a ratty old trailer painted like a watermelon. This draws in a number of odd characters who bug him, including a romantic interest, a woman on the run from her psycho drug-addict criminal husband. The quirky love story stars Will Beinbrink and Kiersten Morgan. Mike Ivy, who plays Homer, is a regular on "The Sarah Silverman Program". Bob Golub, who plays Creon, has been seen in "Goodfellas" and "Art School Confidential".
Background.
Beach scenes were shot in Malibu, on the property of Tony Romano, executive producer of "Catch Me If You Can" and "I, Robot". "Hemmingson is one of the best screenwriters out there," Romano has stated, "only no one in this goddamn town knows it." Interestingly, an intimate beach scene was fashioned by director Mays into an homage to the famous "bullocks scene" from Ken Russell's 1969 film Women In Love, with Kiersten Morgan dancing and singing I'm Forever Blowing Bubbles, parodying actress Glenda Jackson's dancing to the same tune sung by co-star Jennie Linden.
Other scenes were shot in Pasadena, Beverly Hills, and North Hollywood, although the film is supposed to take place in an unnamed beach community in southern California, a cross between Encinitas and Ocean Beach in San Diego.
Director Brad Mays gave as much time to rehearsing the actors as the production budget would bear, and encouraged the actors towards inventiveness in exploring their roles. The actors were also directed to memorize their lines "down to the semi-colon". The film itself was shot in the summer of 2007, over a roughly three-week period. By most accounts, the set was very pleasant for both cast and crew. Post production on "The Watermelon" took the better part of a year. A great deal of attention was given to the soundtrack. The original live vocal performances were very carefully worked, in order to avoid overdubbing, which would have destroyed the immediacy of the actors' performances. Peter Girard was engaged to write the original score at a point about six months into post production, and the final musical cue was laid in roughly ten days before the San Diego Film Festival, where the film premiered.
Release, distribution, award.
"The Watermelon" received its World Premiere at the 2008 San Diego Film Festival. It was subsequently acquired by Celebrity Video Distribution and released to the public on July 7, 2009. In January 2011 "The Watermelon" was the recipient of the California Film Awards' prestigious "Diamond Award" for feature film.

</doc>
<doc id="19554758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554758" title="1970–71 Detroit Red Wings season">
1970–71 Detroit Red Wings season

The 1970–71 Detroit Red Wings season was Gordie Howe's final season with the Red Wings. Ned Harkness was hired as coach in 1970 and was promoted to general manager midway through the season. His background was a successful college hockey coach. He tried to force his two-way style of play on a veteran Red Wings team resistant to change. Harkness also demanded short hair, no smoking, and put other rules in place regarding drinking and phone calls. 
Offseason.
The Fort Worth Wings of the Central Hockey League, coached by former Red Wings' defenceman Doug Barkley, continued to be operated as Detroit's top farm team during the 1969–70 season.
Regular season.
Red Wings general manager Sid Abel wanted to get rid of coach Ned Harkness and was overruled by team owner Bruce Norris. Once Harkness took over as general manager, he got rid of players he deemed a threat to him. On January 10, 1971, Doug Barkley was promoted to become head coach of the Red wings, and on January 13, 1971, Frank Mahovlich was traded to the Montreal Canadiens for Mickey Redmond, Guy Charron and Bill Collins. Mahovlich was reunited with his brother Pete, who had become a star player himself with the Canadiens. One of the few highlights of the season was the emergence of young rookie goaltender Jim Rutherford. 
Player stats.
Forwards.
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalty minutes"
Defencemen.
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalty minutes"
Goaltending.
"Note: GP = Games played; W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; SO = Shutouts; GA = Goals against; GAA = Goals against average"

</doc>
<doc id="19554764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554764" title="Born Romantic">
Born Romantic

Born Romantic is a 2000 British film directed by David Kane. The film is centered on a salsa club. Fergus is trying to find his ex-girlfriend, the elderly charmer Frankie the beautiful Eleanor and the robber Eddie is trying to find one of his victims, cemetery worker Jocelyn.
Plot.
Salsa dancing and 'El Corazon', a London Salsa Club provide the backdrop for the love-inspired efforts of three unlikely romantics:
Fergus (David Morrissey), who arrives in London from his native Liverpool, on a search for Maureen ('Mo') Docherty (Jane Horrocks), the high-school sweetheart he jilted years ago.
Eddie (Jimi Mistry), the incompetent mugger who falls for Jocelyn (Catherine McCormack), the neurotic "absentee grave tender" (she tends the graves of loved ones for people who cannot).
Frankie (Craig Ferguson), a hopeless romantic trapped in the fifties and still sharing a house with his ex. He pursues the elegant and snobbish Eleanor (Olivia Williams), art restorer by day and Salsa dancer by night.
All are connected by Jimmy (Adrian Lester), a cab driver, and a place, 'El Corazon'.
Production notes.
The film features various (London) locations, including the interior of the British Museum.
The interior scenes of the Salsa club 'El Corazon' were filmed in a real Salsa club called the Loughborough Hotel in Loughborough road, Brixton, South London. Now a converted block of flats!
Also all the Salsa dancers were club members who participated in the film as extras.
The soundtrack includes a number of Latin dance hits:

</doc>
<doc id="19554776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554776" title="It Ain't Gonna Be Easy">
It Ain't Gonna Be Easy

"It Ain't Gonna Be Easy" is a song by Elton John with lyrics by Gary Osborne. It is one of his longest songs recorded, and is the fifth track off his 1978 album, "A Single Man". It also ends side one.
Musical structure.
The song opens with a bluesy electric guitar intro accompanied by piano notes. It then goes into the first verse, which features piano, still heavily focused on blues. The rhythm section keeps a steady beats, making the song seem dark and empty, much in style with the moaning lyrics. For the second verse, a string section appears, baring resemblance to his older songs. After the main song, the song continues another four-five minutes, in which a mix between guitar and piano solos appear. One of the themes in the solo is much reminiscent of the piano performance in another one of John's older songs, "Sixty Years On". At the end of the song, John sings some of the highest falsettoes of his later period. Elton has rarely, if ever, performed the song live.
Lyrical meaning.
The song describes a man whose lover has been cheating on him, which devastates him and makes him believe he cannot trust her. The narrator is torn between a decision to end the relationship (a recognition that he cannot go back to blindly trusting his lover and that it might be appropriate to fold a losing hand), but overall he offers to work things out if the lover is willing to work on patching things up. More emphasis is paid to the fact that patching things up will be difficult, though, and the song's overall mood is more despairing than forgiving or hopeful. There are only three verses in this song, though it is more than eight minutes long. The verses are repeated later parts, becoming increasingly wailing and melancholic.

</doc>
<doc id="19554780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554780" title="Thomas Katter">
Thomas Katter

Thomas Katter (born 13 December 1959, ) is a professional musician and composer from Finland.
Biography.
Katter, whose native language is Swedish, is the son of Olympic bronze medalist Berndt Katter.
Career.
Katter is a professional guitar teacher, composer and music arranger. Katter has arranged about 25 CDs (as of 2008), and has been actively involved in many Child Song Contests as orchestral conductor during the 1990s.
Katter has also performed as a pianist and a guitar player / singer on several occasions. He has appeared as gig-pianist for the Swedish artist Alf Robertson on many tours, in concert accompanying the Swedish popular singer Thore Skogman as well as Lill Lindfors. He has also played on almost all of the ships traveling between Sweden, Estonia and Finland.
After playing in several bands since 1986, Katter went solo in 2001.
Katter's most successful composition was in the Eurovision Finland Song Contest 1990. He reached second place in the competition with the song "Jag tror på friheten" ( "I believe in freedom"), performed by Susanne Sonntag, and lyrics by Henrik Svahn.
In the same year in MTV3's organized carol competition he reached a special mention with the tune "Santa Claus' Sleighride." MTV3's competition rules determined that both text and lyrics were to be created, but Katter sent only an instrumental composition. The exception was approved, and the melody was recorded in two different versions later published on the "Joululaulu 90" sound disc (MTVLP 026). The composition also became the competition's signature tune. Other artists appearing on this recording were: R. Friman, Anna Hanski, Matti and Teppo, M. Suvas, Matti Esko, Ari Klem, Kake Randelin, Satu Itkonen, R. Helminen, Beat and the Finlanders.
The song "Det finns så många sköna människor" ("There are so many wonderful people") arranged by Katter won the "Tenavatähti" children's song contest in 1991 and was performed by the 10 year old child star Christopher Romberg. Katter also arranged 11 of the 12 tunes on the competition CD "Stanna hos mig" ("Stay by me"). The other arranger was the late, famous conductor Jaakko Salo. Later, on the "Tenavatähti 1991" cd, the tune was to be found, and won a gold record.
In the 1995 "Syksyn sävel" (Autumn Melody Awards), a composition by Katter and Mika Brushane, with lyrics by Åke Grandell called "Allting ordnar sig" ( "Everything will be all right"), reached fifth place. It was presented by the singer Greger.
Katter has over 90 registered compositions/arrangements in the Finnish Teosto copyright bureau.
Thomas Katter continues performing, arranging music and teaching guitar-playing in southern Finland.
Katter is represented by Scendraget in Tammisaari, Finland.

</doc>
<doc id="19554783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554783" title="Canoeing at the 1980 Summer Olympics – Men's C-2 500 metres">
Canoeing at the 1980 Summer Olympics – Men's C-2 500 metres

The men's C-2 500 metres event was an open-style, pairs canoeing event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1980 Summer Olympics program.
Results.
Heats.
Eleven teams entered in two heats on July 30 though one withdrew prior to the heats. The top three finishers from each of the heats advanced directly to the final and the remaining four teams were relegated to the semifinal.
Semifinal.
A semifinal was held on August 1. The top three finishers from the semifinal advanced to the final.
Final.
The final was held on August 1.

</doc>
<doc id="19554805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554805" title="Treaty of Grouseland">
Treaty of Grouseland

The Treaty of Grouseland was an agreement negotiated by Governor William Henry Harrison of the Indiana Territory on behalf of the government of the United States of America with Native American leaders, including Little Turtle and Buckongahelas, for lands in Southern Indiana, northeast Indiana, and northwestern Ohio. The treaty was negotiated and signed on Aug 21, 1805, at Harrison's home in Vincennes, Indiana, called Grouseland. Negotiated a year after the second Treaty of Vincennes, it was the second major land purchase in Indiana since the close of the Northwest Indian War and the signing of the 1795 Treaty of Greenville.
Treaty.
The Miami Tribe, led by Little Turtle, held the principle claim to all the land that was purchased, but many other tribes inhabited the area. Before the signing of the treaty legal settlement in Indiana was limited to a tract of land around Vincennes, Clark's Grant, and Fort Wayne. Many settlers were moving outside of those areas and the result was rising tensions with the tribes, who considered the settlers trespassers. Harrison entered the negotiations in hope of appeasing the tribes and reimbursing them for their lands and address issues left outstanding following the 1804 Treaty of Vincennes, while guaranteeing the rights of the settlers to move into the region.
The treaty established a line running from the northeast corner of the Vincennes tract, called Freeman's Corner, and moved on a north-easterly route (N 57 00' 00" E) about 68 miles until it intersected with the Greenville Treaty line near Brookville. This line was called the Grouseland Line. All land north of the Ohio River, west of the Wabash River, and south of that line, was purchased for the United States. A second line was established running from the northwest corner of Fort Wayne on a southeasterly route toward Brookville, where it intersected with the Greenville Treaty line. All land due east of that line, including a small part of Ohio, was purchased as part of the treaty.
Shortly after the approval of the treaty, numerous settlements sprung up in the opened land including Madison. In 1995 the Indiana Historical Bureau erected a monument where the Grouseland and Greenville lines intersect, commemorating Indiana's early pioneers.

</doc>
<doc id="19554842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554842" title="Oseen equations">
Oseen equations

In fluid dynamics, the Oseen equations (or Oseen flow) describe the flow of a viscous and incompressible fluid at small Reynolds numbers, as formulated by Carl Wilhelm Oseen in 1910. Oseen flow is an improved description of these flows, as compared to Stokes flow, by the partial inclusion of convective acceleration. 
Using the Oseen equation, Horace Lamb was able to derive improved expressions for the viscous flow around a sphere in 1911, improving on Stokes law towards somewhat higher Reynolds numbers. Also, Lamb derived—for the first time—a solution for the viscous flow around a circular cylinder.
The Oseen equations are, in case of an object moving with a steady velocity U through the fluid—which is at rest far from the object—and in a frame of reference attached to the object:
where
The boundary conditions for the Oseen flow around a rigid object are:
with "r" the distance from the object's center, and "p"∞ the undisturbed pressure far from the object.

</doc>
<doc id="19554851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554851" title="SIPOC">
SIPOC

__NOTOC__
In process improvement, a SIPOC (sometimes COPIS) is a tool that summarizes the inputs and outputs of one or more processes in table form. The acronym SIPOC stands for suppliers, inputs, process, outputs, and customers which form the columns of the table. It was in use at least as early as the Total Quality Management programs of the late 1980s and continues to be used today in Six Sigma and Lean manufacturing.
To emphasize putting the needs of the customer foremost, the tool is sometimes called COPIS and the process information is filled in starting with the customer and working upstream to the supplier.
The SIPOC is often presented at the outset of process improvement efforts such as Kaizen events or during the "define" phase of the DMAIC process. It has three typical uses depending on the audience:
Several aspects of the SIPOC that may not be readily apparent are:

</doc>
<doc id="19554880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554880" title="Beaver Scouts">
Beaver Scouts

Beaver Scouts or Beavers are an age-based section in Scouting:

</doc>
<doc id="19554890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554890" title="The Thaw (film)">
The Thaw (film)

The Thaw is a 2009 science fiction horror/thriller film directed by Mark A. Lewis starring Val Kilmer and Martha MacIsaac.
Plot.
The film begins with a video documentary by Dr. David Kruipen, a research scientist in the Canadian Arctic. This is followed by a flashback to when David, his assistant Jane and two other researchers tranquilize a polar bear, then discover the frozen remains of a wooly mammoth.
They transport the polar bear to their research station. David calls his daughter Evelyn and pleads with her to visit the research station. Their relationship has been strained since the recent death of her mother. Meanwhile, a group of students, Ling, Freddie and Adam, are selected to join David's research team; Evelyn decides to come.
Days later, David's research team begins feeling the effects of a strange illness, and David tells helicopter pilot Bart not to bring his daughter Evelyn to the station. However, Evelyn insists, Bart ignores David's orders, and brings her to the station along with the students. In the meantime, Jane shoots and apparently kills David and another researcher. The students discover the body of the polar bear, and Bart is bitten by a bug while touching it.
Evelyn is awakened in the middle of the night by an ATV approaching the station. When she goes to investigate, Jane falls from the helicopter. Jane has destroyed the helicopter's control panel, eliminating any immediate chance of escape. Ling wakes up with many bug bites on her face and torso, and Jane dies in Evelyn's arms. Realizing Ling is sick, Freddie calls in a helicopter to rescue Ling.
Attempting to find David, Evelyn and Adam discover eggs in the brain of the mammoth. Assuming her father has been infected, Evelyn and Adam deduce that something has made the group sick. Evelyn decides to cancel the rescue helicopter and quarantine the group until a better-prepared team can rescue them. Freddie, discovering he too is infected, goes berserk and destroys the radio.
The bite on Bart's arm is infected and he has Adam and Evelyn amputate his arm at the elbow. The group decides to destroy the facility and wait things out in the helicopter. Ling is attacked by bugs who have made their way in through the ventilation system. Bart discovers that the amputation was useless as his upper arm is now showing signs of infection; he opts to stay behind with Ling. They deliberately overdose on morphine and fall asleep as the bugs swarm over them.
Freddie comes running out, refusing to be checked for infection, then turns on Evelyn and David. As he is about to shoot Evelyn, he is shot from behind by David. David insists they destroy the research station. Evelyn finds a video David recorded and discovers that David has intentionally infected himself, preparing to set the bugs loose to teach humanity a lesson about global warming's effects.
As a rescue helicopter comes to pick up David, Evelyn and Adam are locked up by David, but they escape. Adam tries to hang on to a helicopter skid but falls to the ground. As the helicopter starts flying away, Evelyn shoots at it, causing it to crash into a building previously doused in gasoline. David and the helicopter crew die in the resulting fire; Evelyn finds Adam, who dies in her arms.
The following day another rescue team arrives, finding the destruction and Evelyn, the sole survivor. Later, as a radio station airs information based on Evelyn's reports, a hunter calls his dog away from a dead bird the dog has been eating. Bugs emerge from the bird's body. The closing scene shows the hunter's truck heading towards a large city.
Reception.
The film has received generally poor reviews. At Rotten Tomatoes, only 29 out of 100 people had positive reviews.

</doc>
<doc id="19554893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554893" title="Chattanooga and Tennessee Electric Power Company">
Chattanooga and Tennessee Electric Power Company

The Chattanooga and Tennessee Electric Power Company was formed in 1905 by Josephus C. Guild, Charles E. James and Anthony N. Brady to produce hydroelectric power and improving the navigation of the Tennessee River.
Josephus Guild, a young engineer from Chattanooga, became interested in a plan drawn by Major Dan C. Kingman, the head of the local office of the Army Corps of Engineers. The plan was originally developed to control the turbulent waters below Chattanooga in the Tennessee River Gorge known as the Suck, the Pot and the Skillet. These river features, long feared by riverboat navigators, impeded trade along the waterway
Rep. John A. Moon, a Democrat first elected in 1896, introduced a bill in 1904 that enabled the project. The bill said the construction cost would be borne by the recipient of the power franchise to be operated for 99 years and the government would hold title to the Dam.
After the city of Chattanooga failed to exercise their option on the project, Josephus Guild sought financial help from Charles James, a prominent Chattanooga businessman who was always eager to help promote the city's interests. James approached Anthony Brady, a New York financier with large interests in electrical utilities, who agreed to participate in the venture.
The Hales Bar Dam was built after Congressional action on January 7, 1905, changed the site of the dam from Scott's Point. The cost of the dam was over $10,000,000. Josephus Guild died during the construction of the dam; his son, Jo Conn Guild, took an active role in the project.
In the 1920s, the company merged with the Chattanooga Railway and Light Company and Drexel and Company, which had a competing project on the Ocoee River, to form the Tennessee Electric Power Company (TEPCO). In 1933, Congress established the Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA) to develop the economy by a series of flood control dams on the Tennessee River and to sell the electricity generated from the dams. After the Supreme Court in 1939 dismissed a challenge to the authority of the TVA to sell electricity in the service territory of the company, TEPCO's electric system was purchased for $78,425,095 by the Tennessee Valley Authority and other participating municipal public utilities and electric cooperatives. TEPCO continued to operate as a street car company in Chattanooga and was reorganized in 1941 as Southern Coach Lines. The company operated street cars until 1946, when it focused on bus travel. The company was purchased by the Chattanooga Area Regional Transportation Authority in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="19554904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554904" title="Modern Groove Syndicate">
Modern Groove Syndicate

Modern Groove Syndicate is a contemporary jazz instrumental band performing original music Jazz-funk or Acid jazz based in Richmond, VA.
Members include Daniel Clarke – keyboard (who has toured with Mandy Moore and k.d. lang), Joel DeNunzio - drums, Todd Herrington - bass, JC Kuhl – sax (former member of Agents of Good Roots), and Trey Pollard - guitar
Latest CD: Ms. Popular, Courthouse Records CH 0406, Released 12/18/07 , licensed by P-Vine for release in Japan
Other releases on Courthouse Records: First release, self-titled, Feb. 15, 2002, CH 1001, Second release, Vessel, Feb. 10, 2004, CH 0903, licensed for release in Japan. Their first CD was a double entry in the 45th Grammies .
Named Virginia's Best Jazz Band in NineVolt Magazine poll Feb. 22, 2004
The band was an Independent Music Awards finalist in 2004 and winner in 2005 with "Too Good That It's Gone" as Best Jazz Song.
Modern Groove Syndicate was given Richmond Magazine’s 2007 Theresa Pollack Award for excellence in the arts (ensemble)

</doc>
<doc id="19554918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554918" title="Mr. Admin">
Mr. Admin

Mr. Admin (がんばれ！ アドミンくん) (2005- ) is a weekly Japanese four-panel (4コマ) web comic strip published on a technology news portal site. It is notable for being the first Japanese comic aimed at IT professionals. Stories usually revolve around the IT staff at an unnamed company in a shabby building somewhere in the sprawl of Tokyo. Though most of the recurring characters have proper names, the persevering main character, a system administrator, is known only as “Mr. Admin.” The original Japanese comic has run since November 2005, and the English version since 2008.
Ms. Shiratori.
-hearted and clever accountant. Friends with Mr. Admin.
Dept. Manager Kuroiwa.
-natured middle manager over Mr. Admin, Shiratori, Shimoyama, Suzuki, and Akada.
The Company President.
's boss. Incompetent and gullible with an explosive temper.

</doc>
<doc id="19554948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554948" title="John O. Limb">
John O. Limb

big bum face -- () 23:24, 3 March 2014 (UTC)John O. Limb is an Australian engineer, known for fundamental contributions to the development of digital video communications and holder of a series of patents related to computer communications.
Early life and education.
Born in Western Australia, he got a Bachelor of Electrical Engineering (B.E.E.) (1963) and a Ph.D. on the thesis "Vision Oriented Coding of Visual Signal" (1967), both from the University of Western Australia. Limb studied the human vision's role in the encoding of picture, partially under the direction of Dr. Albert Seyler and Professor Zig Budrikis.
Career.
He worked as researcher at the Postmaster-General's Department's research laboratory in Melbourne (1966–67) before moving to New Jersey where joined Bell Labs (1967), being manager of the department for visual communications research (1971–78) leading to patents. He then led the research department for distributed computer systems (1978–84) before going to Bellcore research where Limb was in charge of developing the new research division for communications sciences (1984–86) where he among other projects, developed medium access control protocols for local area networks. Later he joined Hewlett Packard as director of laboratories in Bristol, England (1986–89), for the technology analysis group at Cupertino, California (1989) and for the media technology group (1992–94). Distributed Computer Systems Research Department where the emphasis was on office information systems and local/metropolitan area networks. Recently, he has worked on optical communication systems at Broadcom, working at Atlanta, Georgia.
He has held visiting professorships at the Technical University of Hanover (1975), the University of Sydney (1983), and the University of Essex (1985–86).
Limb started at the Georgia Institute of Technology in 1994 as a Georgia Research Alliance Eminent Scholar in Advanced Telecommunications. He joined the faculty staff of both the Networking & Telecommunications Group in the College of Computing, and the School of Electrical and Computer Engineering in the College of Engineering. He created the Georgia Tech Broadband Telecommunications Center in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="19554955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19554955" title="Angiosperm Phylogeny Website">
Angiosperm Phylogeny Website

The Angiosperm Phylogeny Website (or APweb) is a well-known web site dedicated to research on angiosperm phylogeny and taxonomy.
The site is hosted by the Missouri Botanical Garden website and maintained by researchers, Peter F. Stevens and Hilary M. Davis. Peter F. Stevens is a member of the Angiosperm Phylogeny Group (APG). The taxonomy presented is broadly based on the work of the APG, with modifications to incorporate new results.

</doc>
<doc id="19555027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555027" title="Part-Time Love">
Part-Time Love

"Part-Time Love" is a song written by Elton John with lyrics by Gary Osborne. It is the sixth track off his 1978 album, "A Single Man". It is also the opening track of side two. It proved to be one of the most popular singles the pair wrote, along with 1982's "Blue Eyes". It was banned in the Soviet release of the album along with another song, "Big Dipper". The single reached #15 in the UK and peaked just outside the Top 20 in the U.S. at #21.
Musical structure.
The song opens with a jaunty piano, and then goes into the main riff, an uptempo disco-flavoured party song. The lead guitar played here is by John's long-time bandmate Davey Johnstone. The song features strings in such a way that it could easily be referred to as a disco anthem. Ray Cooper also appears on percussion that flows together with the drums and bass. The bridge in the song is very messy, fitting in with the lyric.
Lyrical meaning.
In the September 29, 1979 edition of the Ann Landers advice column, one writer going by the title "Want A Better Environment For Our Youth" alleged that these lyrics of this song dealt with adultery: ""You've been seen running around...Don't tell me what to do when you've been doing it too.""
Due to the disco craze at the time, the song wasn't popular, and John only played it in his live sets of 1978 and 1979. It did however appear on his compilation "The Very Best of Elton John" in 1990. Interestingly, while the A-side was written by Gary Osborne, the B-side, "I Cry at Night" was written by Bernie Taupin. It is one of the few singles John released with different lyricists on each side.

</doc>
<doc id="19555032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555032" title="Canoeing at the 1980 Summer Olympics – Men's C-2 1000 metres">
Canoeing at the 1980 Summer Olympics – Men's C-2 1000 metres

The men's C-2 1000 metres event was an open-style, pairs canoeing event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1980 Summer Olympics program.
Results.
Heats.
Twelve teams entered in two heats on July 31, but one withdrew. The top three finishers from each of the heats advanced directly to the final and the remaining five teams were relegated to the semifinal.
Semifinal.
A semifinal was held on August 2. The top three finishers from the semifinal advanced to the final.
Final.
The final was held on August 2.

</doc>
<doc id="19555036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555036" title="Rahul Banerjee (actor)">
Rahul Banerjee (actor)

Arunoday Banerjee, known as "Rahul" (, born 16 October 1983), is a Bengali Indian male actor of films and TV. He made his first stage appearance at the age of three with his father’s (Biswanath Banerjee) theatre troupe Bijoygarh Atmaprakash in a play entitled "Raj Darshan". Since then, he has acted in almost 450 plays, with his father’s troupe and with Theatron. He is married to co-actress Priyanka Sarkar. His first film, Chirodini Tumi Je Aaamar, directed by "Raj Chakraborty", was very successful at box-office.
Filmography.
Upcoming movies:

</doc>
<doc id="19555053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555053" title="Peter F. Stevens">
Peter F. Stevens

Peter Francis Stevens is a British botanist born in 1944.
He is a researcher at the Missouri Botanical Garden and professor of Biology of the University of Missouri–St. Louis. He is a member of the Angiosperm Phylogeny Group which created the APG, APG II and APG III systems.
He maintains a web site, APweb, hosted by the Missouri Botanical Garden, which has been regularly updated since 2001, and is a useful source for the latest research in angiosperm phylogeny which follows the APG approach.
The standard author abbreviation P.F.Stevens is used to indicate P. F. Stevens as the author when citing a botanical name. He has named dozens of species, mostly in the families Clusiaceae and Ericaceae, and he also described the genus "Romnalda" (Asparagaceae).

</doc>
<doc id="19555086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555086" title="PSX (video game console)">
PSX (video game console)

The PSX, also known as the PlayStation X, is a Sony digital video recorder with a fully integrated PlayStation 2 video game console. It was released in Japan on December 13, 2003. Since it was designed to be a general-purpose consumer video device, it was marketed by the main Sony Corporation instead of Sony Computer Entertainment. Its high cost resulted in poor sales, meaning that the PSX was never released outside Japan.
Features.
The device is a fully functional digital video recorder with an included Infrared remote control and S-Video, composite video, and RF inputs. It is able to tune analog VHF and CATV. It can also be linked with a PlayStation Portable to transfer videos and music via USB ports, and features software for non-linear video editing, image editing and audio editing. DVD+R support was to be introduced in a future update.
It was the first device to use Sony's XrossMediaBar (XMB) graphical user interface, which was later used on the PlayStation Portable, PlayStation 3, and 2008-era BRAVIA TVs.
The PSX fully supports both PlayStation and PlayStation 2 software by its slot-loading DVD drive, as the onboard EE+GS chip is a unification of the PS2's Emotion Engine and Graphics Synthesizer chips. Online game compatibility is available using the broadband connection; Games that use the PS2 HDD (such as Final Fantasy XI) are supported as well.
While the PSX is not supplied with any game controllers, there are two controller ports on the back of the device. Black or Ceramic White DualShock 2's with 4-meter long cables were sold separately, and standard DualShock and DualShock 2 controllers were also compatible. Two PlayStation memory card ports were on the front of the PSX, behind a panel cover.
Like the "regular" PlayStation 2 models, the PSX can be laid horizontally or stood vertically.
Retail configurations.
The PSX was released in eight retail configurations during its lifespan; the 5000 series (with an embossed logo on top and grey stripe at the back) shipped with 160 GB Hard disk drives, while the 7000 series (with a coloured logo on top and black stripe at the back) contained 250 GB drives. Software updates were made available by disc and download.
The 7500/7700 models added a Ghost Reduction Tuner. The inclusion of BS and UHF/VHF connectors varied by model. Only the final revision of each series supported the PlayStation Portable.
All models have two sets of indicator lights, power lights and Infrared receivers; one along the front for horizontal orientation, and a second strip along the top-back for vertical orientation. The 'Disk Rec' indicator is only on the front of the device in later models.
Etymology.
As well as PS1, the first PlayStation console came to be known colloquially by its provisional codename of PSX. This can cause some confusion as to which device is being referred to.
Colours.
The PSX was initially displayed at CEATEC in white, silver, yellow, red and blue. The white variant was released commercially, with a limited edition silver model made available in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19555089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555089" title="Aleksandr Antipenko">
Aleksandr Antipenko

Aleksandr Valeryevich Antipenko (; born May 27, 1982 in Komsomolsk-on-Amur) is a Russian footballer who plays for FC Fakel Voronezh.

</doc>
<doc id="19555100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555100" title="Menzel Jemil">
Menzel Jemil

Menzel Jemil ( Arabic : منزل جميل ) is a coastal town and municipality in northeastern Tunisia, 60 km north of the capital, Tunis. Administratively it is located in the Menzel Jemil Delegation of the Bizerte Governorate. Geographically Menzel Jemil is located on the east side of the Bizerte Lagoon and it is now considered part of the city of Bizerte metropolitan area. The municipality had 18,344 inhabitants ( census).
Menzel Jemil means "The beautiful hostel" in Arabic. Remel beach is one of the most beautiful beaches in Tunisia. It is also the panoramic view of the huge Remel forest.
Menzel Jemil has an important industrial zone where foreign and local firms are installed; most of them deal with textile industry and wiring. The town also has an important military base, owing to its strategic location in the far north of Tunisia. Most of the inhabitants are farmers or working overseas.

</doc>
<doc id="19555105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555105" title="Head on to Heartache">
Head on to Heartache

Head on to Heartache is an EP by the American groove metal band DevilDriver. It contains five songs, four of which were previously only available on special editions of their albums, or on soundtracks of movies, and one song from "The Last Kind Words".
Sources.
Information [http://mmfore.blogspot.com/2008/04/devildriver-head-on-to-heartache-ep.html]
Official Roadrunner page [http://www.roadrunnerrecords.co.uk/page/News?&news_page=&news_id=55131]

</doc>
<doc id="19555129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555129" title="Paul LePaul">
Paul LePaul

Paul LePaul (August 2, 1900 – June 8, 1958) was born Paul Shields Braden in Olney, Illinois. He grew up in St. Louis, Mo.
He started his professional career around 1920, doing a manipulative act entirely with playing cards. He adopted the name LePaul around 1927. LePaul made his New York vaudeville appearance in July 1928 at the Fifth Avenue Theater. He worked in vaudeville and later appeared in the top night clubs and hotels. He also played on Broadway in Earl Carrolls' Vanities.
He was a technical adviser for movies, including "Eternally Yours (film)" starring David Niven (1939). In a brief cameo he is seen doing card flourishes. In that same year, Paul LePaul was also credited for being part of the miscellaneous crew on the film Miracles for Sale.
During World War II, he performed tours with the USO.
"LePaul is one of the greatest manipulative magicians ever to practice the art of pleasant deception." - John Mulholland
LePaul was one of the first to use to the split-fan production in a professional act. At one time he also used the glass vanish under the newspaper, and may have been the first man to use this as a stage trick. He appears to have started the Card to Wallet fad among magicians which was based on the routine he published as "Cards in Sealed Envelope" in the late 1940s. (Wallets did not become a common item until after the 1950s).

</doc>
<doc id="19555140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555140" title="Woll Smoth">
Woll Smoth


</doc>
<doc id="19555155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555155" title="Your Anchor">
Your Anchor

Your Anchor is the ninth Lackthereof album, released on Barsuk Records on July 22, 2008. The album was recorded and mixed in Danny Seim's basement.

</doc>
<doc id="19555171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555171" title="Invitation to treat">
Invitation to treat

Invitation to treat (or invitation to bargain in the United States) is a contract law term. It comes from the Latin phrase "invitatio ad offerendum" and means "inviting an offer". Or as Andrew Burrows writes, an invitation to treat is
"an expression of willingness to negotiate. A person making an invitation to treat does not intend to be bound as soon as it is accepted by the person to whom the statement is addressed."
Contract lawyers distinguish this from a binding offer, which can be accepted to form a contract (subject to other conditions being met). The distinction between an offer and invitation to treat is best understood through the categories that the courts create. Invitations to treat include the display of goods; the advertisement of a price or an auction; and an invitation for tenders (or competitive bids). There may however be statutory or complementary obligations, so consumer protection laws prohibit misleading advertising and at auctions without reserve there is always a duty to sell to the highest "bona fide" bidder. 
Case law.
The clearest example of an invitation to treat is a tender (or bidding in the U.S.) process. This was illustrated in the case of "Spencer v Harding" (1870) LR 5 CP 561, where the defendants offered to sell by tender their stock and the court held that they had not undertaken to sell to the person who made the highest tender, but were "inviting" offers which they could then accept or reject as they saw appropriate. In certain circumstances though, an invitation for tenders may be an offer. The clearest example of this was seen in "Harvela Investments Ltd v Royal Trust of Canada (CI) Ltd" AC 207, where the defendants had made it clear that they were going to accept the highest tender; the court held that this was an offer which was accepted by the person who made the highest tender and that the defendants were in breach of contract by not doing so.
An auction may be more ambiguous. Generally an auction may be seen as an invitation to treat, with the property owner asking for offers of a certain amount and then selecting which to accept as illustrated in "Payne v Cave" (1789) 3 TR 148. However, if it is stated by the owner that there is no reserve price or that there is a reserve price beyond which offers will be accepted then the auction is most likely a contractual offer which is accepted by the highest bidder; this was affirmed in the Court of Appeal in Barry v Davies 1 WLR 1962.
A shop owner displaying their goods for sale is generally making an invitation to treat ("Pharmaceutical Society of Great Britain v Boots Cash Chemists (Southern) Ltd" 1 QB 401). They are not obliged to sell the goods to anyone who is willing to pay for them, even if additional signage such as "special offer" accompanies the display of the goods. (But see bait and switch.) This distinction was legally relevant in "Fisher v Bell" [1961 1 QB 394, where it was held that displaying a flick knife for sale in a shop did not contravene legislation which prohibited offering for sale such a weapon. The distinction also means that if a shop mistakenly displays an item for sale at a very low price it is not obliged to sell it for that amount.
Generally, advertisements are invitations to treat, so the person advertising is not compelled to sell to every customer. In "Partridge v Crittenden" 1 WLR 1204, it was held that where the appellant advertised to sell wild birds, was not offering to sell them. Lord Parker CJ commented that it did not make "business sense" for advertisements to be offers, as the person making the advertisement may find himself in a situation where he would be contractually obliged to sell more goods than he actually owned. In certain circumstances however, an advertisement can be an offer, a well-known example being the case of "Carlill v Carbolic Smoke Ball Company" [1893 1 QB 256, where it was held that the defendants, who advertised that they would pay anyone who used their product in the prescribed manner and caught influenza £100 and said that they had deposited £1,000 in the bank to show their good faith, has made an offer to the whole world and were contractually obliged to pay £100 to whoever accepted it by performing the requested acts.
For an offer to be capable of becoming binding on acceptance, the offer must be definite, clear, and final. If it is a mere preliminary move into negotiation which may lead to a contract, it is not an offer but an invitation to treat. The offerer must have been initiating negotiations from which an agreement may or may not in time result. The important point to note is that, since an invitation to treat is not an offer, but rather a phenomenal preliminary to an offer, an invitation to treat is not capable of an acceptance which will result in a contract.

</doc>
<doc id="19555184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555184" title="Bunscoil an Iúir">
Bunscoil an Iúir

Bunscoil an Iúir is a "Gaelscoil", that is to say an Irish medium primary school in Newry, County Down, Northern Ireland. It caters for girls and boys aged from 3 to 11. It was founded as a cross-community school in 1989. It operates within the Southern Education and Library Board area and its current principal is Maria Caraher.
The school website is www.bunscoilaniuir.com

</doc>
<doc id="19555210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555210" title="William Y. Slack">
William Y. Slack

William Yarnel Slack (August 1, 1816 – March 21, 1862) was a Missouri lawyer, politician, and general in the Missouri State Guard (aligned with the Confederate States Army) during the American Civil War. He led a division in some of war's earliest major battles in the Trans-Mississippi Theater and was mortally wounded in the Battle of Pea Ridge in Arkansas.
Early life and career.
William Y. Slack was born in rural Mason County, Kentucky, in the summer of 1816. Three years later, his father John Slack moved the family to Boone County, Missouri, and settled near Columbia. John Slack, a potter by trade, became the first justice of the peace for Perche Township. As a young adult, William Slack studied law, passed his bar exam, and established a private practice in Chillicothe. He was among the leading citizens that helped raise cash to found what later became the University of Missouri.
During the Mexican War, Slack raised a company of volunteers and served as their captain in the 2nd Missouri Volunteers under Sterling Price. He mustered out of the army in 1847 after fourteen months of service.
Slack served in the Missouri General Assembly, where he was noted as a strong pro-slavery advocate. He became a member of the state convention called to develop and ratify the new Missouri state constitution.
Civil War service.
Shortly after the start of the Civil War, pro-Confederacy factions in Missouri became organized as the Missouri State Guard, and Slack, with his previous military experience and political connections, was appointed by Governor of Missouri Claiborne F. Jackson as a brigadier general in command of the 5th Division of the MSG. His commission dated from July 4, 1861. In an August reorganization of the Guard, Slack assumed command of the 4th Division, which consisted of both cavalry and infantry. He saw action in the battles of Carthage and Springfield. He was wounded by a bullet in the left hip at the Battle of Wilson's Creek on August 10.
By the end of October, Slack had recovered sufficiently to resume his field duties. He took command of the 2nd brigade of the Missouri State Guard on January 23, 1862. On March 7 of that year, he was shot again in the left hip during the Battle of Pea Ridge (Elkhorn Tavern) in Arkansas. He was taken to a house a mile in the rear lines, where he improved and was assumed to be recovering. Because of fears he might be captured by Union forces, he was transported seven miles eastward to a field hospital in Battle of Pea Ridge (Elkhorn Tavern) in Arkansas, where his condition rapidly deteriorated. He lingered for two weeks before dying early in the morning of March 21. He was buried in the yard, but in 1880, his remains were exhumed and reinteered in the Fayetteville Confederate Cemetery in Fayetteville, Arkansas.
Ironically, due to communication delays between the Trans-Mississippi District and the Confederacy's War Department in distant Richmond, Virginia, his formal commission as a brigadier general in the Confederate Army was awarded posthumously dating from April 12, 1862.
His commander at Pea Ridge, Sterling Price, deemed Slack as one of "my best and bravest officers."

</doc>
<doc id="19555240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555240" title="Boris Yefimov">
Boris Yefimov

Boris Yefimovich Yefimov (; September 28, 1899 or 1900 – October 1, 2008) was a Soviet political cartoonist best known for his critical political caricatures of Adolf Hitler and other Nazis produced before and during the Second World War, and was the chief illustrator of the newspaper "Izvestia". During his 90-year career he produced more than 70,000 drawings.
Early life.
Yefimov was born in Kiev as Boris Fridlyand (Friedland), the second son of a Jewish shoemaker. His father was Yefim Moiseyevich Fridlyand (1860–1945); his mother was Rakhil Savelyevna (1880–1969). Shortly after his birth, his family moved to Białystok, where he grew up alongside his older brother Mikhail (who became the famous journalist Mikhail Koltsov, arrested during the Great Purge and executed in 1940). During the First World War, his family fled the advancing German armies and returned to Kiev, where he pursued legal studies. He began to express his emotions through caricatures of politicians, the first of which were published in 1919 and circulated in the Kievian Red Army.
Career.
From 1920 to 1921, Yefimov designed posters and brochures for the communist organisation Agitprop, finally moving to Moscow in 1922 after his brother, who worked as an editor for "Pravda", offered him a job drawing political cartoons. His artistic talent, directed mainly against the West, gained him prominence, and his work started appearing in such titles as "Izvestia", "Krokodil" and "Ogonyok", a magazine founded by his brother Mikhail Koltsov (1898–1940). The year 1924 saw the publication of his first book, "Political Cartoons" (, "Politicheskiye Karikatury"), which included a foreword by Leon Trotsky.
Following the war, Yefimov traveled to the Nuremberg Trials with the task of caricaturing the Nazi defendants. He was then ordered to poke fun at the Western powers in what was transforming into the Cold War. He went on to become the chief editor of Agitprop, and cooperated with "Pravda" until the 1980s. He published an autobiography, "Moy Vek" ("My Century"), for his centennial, and resided in Moscow.
Yefimov received the USSR State Prizes in 1950 and 1951 and was named People's Painter of the USSR in 1967. In 2002 he became chief of the Political Propaganda Department of the Russian Academy of Arts.
In a 2005 interview with Russian TV, Yefimov recalled his experiences in Petrograd during the Russian Revolution, admitting that he had changed his real name in order to dissimulate his Jewish origins.
On September 28, 2007, his 107th birthday, he was appointed to the post of the chief artist of the "Izvestia" newspaper. In 2008, Yefimov was still working, primarily writing memoirs and drawing friendly cartoons. Also, he was active in public life: he attended memorials and anniversary meetings, soirees and other functions up until his death in Moscow on October 1, 2008, only three days after what was initially reported as his 108th birthday; his age was subsequently reported as 109 based on information from his family. Boris Yefimov is buried in Novodevichy Cemetery.
Family.
Yefimov was married twice. His first wife was Rosaliya Borisovna Koretskaya (1900–1969). After his death he left one son, Efimov Mikhail Borisovitch (born in 1929), a grandson, and two great grandchildren.
Yefimov was a cousin of the famous Soviet photographer and journalist Semyon Fridlyand.

</doc>
<doc id="19555249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555249" title="Élorn">
Élorn

The Élorn (in Breton - "Elorn", without the accent) is a 56 km long river in Brittany, France. Its source is in the monts d'Arrée, 1.5km NNE of Le Tuchenn Kador, and it then runs through several small towns such as Sizun and Landivisiau before flowing out into the roadstead of Brest. This river is the birhplace of the legendary Dragon of the Élorn. The maritime part of the river stops at Landerneau, where the pont de Rohan blocks seaborne ships from sailing any further upstream. The river also crosses the château de la Roche-Maurice and many abandoned mills, and on the banks of its maritime part are several family properties belonging to families in Brest (Park an Coat, le Frout, Beau Repos, le Petit Manoir de Poul ar Velin). At low tide the mud is met, at high tide the sea flows over the countryside.

</doc>
<doc id="19555270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555270" title="List of shipwrecks in 1992">
List of shipwrecks in 1992

The list of shipwrecks in 1992 includes all ships sunk, foundered, grounded, or otherwise lost during 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="19555277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555277" title="Serhiy Pylypchuk">
Serhiy Pylypchuk

Serhiy Valeriyovych Pylypchuk (, ; born 26 November 1984 in Zmiiv) is a Ukrainian footballer who currently plays for FC Volyn Lutsk.

</doc>
<doc id="19555282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555282" title="York Technical College">
York Technical College

York Technical College or simply York Tech is a 2-year community college in Rock Hill, South Carolina, United States. The president of the college is Greg F. Rutherford. It is also a part of the South Carolina Technical College System and one of three colleges in the city of Rock Hill. York Tech was established in 1964 and presently serves York, Chester, and Lancaster counties. The College's credit enrollment is 8,858 students with a FTE enrollment of 4,697 students. 

</doc>
<doc id="19555294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555294" title="Virtual Laboratory">
Virtual Laboratory

The online project Virtual Laboratory. Essays and Resources on the Experimentalization of Life, 1830-1930, located at the Max Planck Institute for the History of Science, is dedicated to research in the history of the experimentalization of life. The term experimentalization describes the interaction between the life sciences, the arts, architecture, media and technology within the experimental paradigm, ca. 1830 to 1930. The Virtual Laboratory is a platform that not only presents work on this topic but also acts as a research environment for new studies.
History.
In 1997, the first version of the Virtual Laboratory was presented, titled Virtual Laboratory of Physiology. At this time, the main focus lay on the development of technological preconditions of physiological research in the 19th century. Therefore, a database with relevant texts and images was created. In 1998, the concept still used today was created after a series of modifications, followed by the publication of a cd-ROM in 1999. At this time, the focus had been expanded from physiology to the life sciences in general, as well as the arts and literature. As the project had been extended from a sole database to a platform for historiographical research, it was presented at the conference "Using the World Wide Web for Historical Research in Science and Technology" organized by the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation at Stanford University. In 2000, the project was incorporated into the research project "The Experimentalization of Life", funded by the Volkswagen Foundation. This was followed by another presentation at the conference "Virtual Research? The impact of new technologies on scientific practices" at the ETH Zurich. In 2002, the first version of the Virtual Laboratory went online. Since 2008, the Virtual Laboratory is listed as a journal under the ISSN number 1866-4784.
Structure.
The Virtual Laboratory consists of two parts: The archive holds a large number of digitized texts and images as well as data sheets compiled from these resources, the laboratory holds historiographical work on the experimentalization of life as well as a working environment to enable new ways of writing history.
The Virtual Laboratory is composed of 8 sections:
All materials are available as pdf downloads.
Apart from these thematical sections, "tools" and "myLab" offer the possibility to use the Virtual Laboratory as a research environment. It is possible to create specific collections from the available materials, work on them and share them with other users.

</doc>
<doc id="19555307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555307" title="Southmont High School">
Southmont High School

Southmont High School (named for "South Mont"gomery ) is located at 6425 US 231 South, Crawfordsville, Indiana.

</doc>
<doc id="19555312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555312" title="Lager">
Lager

Lager () is a type of beer that is fermented and conditioned at low temperatures. Pale lager is the most widely consumed and commercially available style of beer in the world. Bock, Pilsner and Märzen are all styles of lager. There are also dark lagers, such as Dunkel and Schwarzbier.
History of lager brewing.
While cold storage of beer, "lagering", in caves for example, was a common practice throughout the medieval period, bottom-fermenting yeast seems to have emerged as a hybridization in the early fifteenth century. However, in 2011 an international team of researchers writing in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences claimed to have discovered that "Saccharomyces eubayanus", a yeast native to Patagonia, is responsible for creating the hybrid yeast used to make lager.
Based on the numbers of breweries, lager brewing displaced ale brewing in Bohemia in the period from 1860 to 1870, as shown in the following table: 
The rise of lager was entwined with the development of refrigeration, as refrigeration made it possible to brew lager year-round (brewing in the summer had previously been banned in many locations across Germany), and efficient refrigeration also made it possible to brew lager in more places and keep it cold until serving; the first large-scale refrigerated lagering tanks were developed for Gabriel Sedlmayr's Munich brewery by Carl von Linde in 1870.
Variations.
The average lager in worldwide production is a pale lager in the Dortmunder or Pilsner styles. The flavor of these lighter lagers is usually mild, and the producers often recommend that the beers be served refrigerated. However, the examples of lager beers produced worldwide vary greatly in flavour, colour, and composition.
In colour, helles represent the lightest lager, rating as low as 6 EBC. Darker German lagers are often referred to as Dunkels.
The organism most often associated with lager brewing is "Saccharomyces pastorianus", a close relative of "Saccharomyces cerevisiae".
In strength, lagers represent some of the world's most alcoholic beers. The very strongest lagers often fall into the German-originated doppelbock style, with the strongest of these, the commercially produced Samichlaus, reaching 14% ABV.
Production process.
Lagers in certain countries often feature large proportions of adjuncts, usually rice or maize. Adjuncts entered United States brewing as a means of thinning out the body of U.S. beers, balancing the large quantities of protein introduced by six-row barley. Adjuncts are often used now in beermaking to introduce a large quantity of sugar, and thereby increase ABV, at a lower price than a formulation using an all-malt grain bill. There are however cases in which adjunct usage actually increases the cost of manufacture.
Pale lager.
Pale lager is a very pale to golden-coloured lager with a well attenuated body and noble hop bitterness. The brewing process for this beer developed in the mid 19th century when Gabriel Sedlmayr took pale ale brewing techniques back to the Spaten Brewery in Germany and applied it to existing lagering brewing methods. 
This approach was picked up by other brewers, most notably Josef Groll who produced in Bohemia (today Czech Republic) the first Pilsner beer - Pilsner Urquell. The resulting pale coloured, lean and stable beers were very successful and gradually spread around the globe to become the most common form of beer consumed in the world today.
The main elements of the lagering method used by Sedlmayr and Groll are still used today, and depend on a slow acting yeast that ferments at a low temperature while being stored. Indeed, the German term " means 'storage'. While first marketed as " in Austria and Germany, the term is now quite uncommon in the German-speaking countries where today one would simply ask for " (pale lager), " (dark lager) or specific varieties, particularly those with a distinctive character such as .
Dark lager.
Lagers would likely have been mainly dark until the 1840s; pale lagers were not common until the later part of the 19th century when technological advances made them easier to produce. Dark lagers typically range in colour from amber to dark reddish brown, and may be termed Vienna, amber lager, dunkel, tmavé, schwarzbier, or Baltic porter depending on region, colour or brewing method. 
Vienna or amber lager was developed by brewer Anton Dreher in Vienna in 1841. Austrian brewers who emigrated to Mexico in the late 19th century took the style with them. Vienna lager is a reddish-brown or copper-colored beer with medium body and slight malt sweetness. The malt aroma and flavor may have a toasted character. Despite their name, Vienna lagers are generally uncommon in continental Europe today but can be found frequently in North America, where it is often called pre-Prohibition style amber lager (often shortened to "pre-Prohibition lager"), as the style was popular in pre-1919 America. Notable examples include Great Lakes Eliot Ness, Samuel Adams Boston Lager, Devils Backbone Vienna Lager, and Yuengling Traditional Lager. In Norway, the style has retained some of its former popularity, and is still brewed by most major breweries. 
Tmavé is Czech for "dark", so is the term for a dark beer in the Czech Republic - beers which are so dark as to be black are termed černé pivo, "black beer". Dunkel is German for "dark", so is the term for a dark beer in Germany. With alcohol concentrations of 4.5% to 6% by volume, dunkels are weaker than Doppelbocks, another traditional dark Bavarian beer. Dunkels were the original style of the Bavarian villages and countryside. Schwarzbier, a much darker, almost black beer with a chocolate or liquorice-like flavour, similar to stout, is mainly brewed in Saxony and Thuringia.

</doc>
<doc id="19555316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555316" title="Albany Post Office">
Albany Post Office

Albany Post Office is a heritage site of the former Post office in Albany, Western Australia. The site was also a Customs office, a base station of the overland telegraph, and is noted for its architectural and historical significance. It was listed by the Register of the National Estate in 1992.
The building is situated on Stirling Terrace, Albany, opposite Spencer Street, on a multilevel site that overlooks Princess Royal Harbour. 
The main building was constructed in two stages, the first in local materials such as brick, granite and sheoak shingles, the second also included materials imported from New South Wales.
The original building was completed in 1869, after requests from the Government Resident to the administration in Perth, Western Australia. Large scale site works included excavations, by convict labour, and a large granite retaining wall up to 5 feet thick. The design by James Manning, the Clerk of Works, now forms the eastern section of the building.
The functions of the region's first government building included postal, judicial, customs, and a meeting place for the Road Board and local government. 
The second phase of construction, completed in 1895, was to a design of the Government architect George Temple Poole. It was an extension that was sympathetic to the earlier building, incorporating the same local materials, and successfully accommodating its multileveled situation. The granite, brick, and sheoak shingles, were used again, freestone, bluestone, and cedar was imported. A clock tower was included in the western extension, four clockfaces 4 feet across, with a spiral staircase. The steps of this staircase are supported by the outer wall, each atop the previous, in the flying style of Palladio. The tower was extended 20 feet in 1901 to increase the drop required by the weight-driven clocks, this increased its height to 84 feet. Wooden shingles were retained on the tower when the roof was later replaced by terracotta tiles. 
The court house occupying the top floor was moved to a new building, also by Poole, in 1898. 
A telegraph to Perth was established in 1871 and in 1875 the office provided the link to the worldwide network. The first telegraph pole was ceremoniously placed by Governor Weld, where it remains on a monument commemorating the engineering milestone. A telephone exchange was housed in the building in 1895. The function as a post office continued until 1964, when it was moved to York Street, and the property was taken over by local government. The building had various functions in the period following this, as public hall, museum, and as a restaurant.
The listing by the National Trust of Australia in 1977 inspired restorations to the heritage site. It was placed on the Register of Heritage Places in Australia in 1993. The City of Albany and the University of Western Australia raised funds from state and federal sources to renovate the site, adapting it to become the Albany campus for UWA and Curtin University. This was officially opened in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19555342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555342" title="Brewery">
Brewery

A brewery is a dedicated building for the making of beer, though beer can be made at home, and has been for much of beer's history. A company that makes beer is called either a brewery or a brewing company.
The diversity of size in breweries is matched by the diversity of processes, degrees of automation, and kinds of beer produced in breweries. A brewery is typically divided into distinct sections, with each section reserved for one part of the brewing process.
History.
The oldest, still functional, brewery in the world is believed to be the German state-owned Weihenstephan brewery in the city of Freising, Bavaria. It can trace its history back to 1040 AD (this is disputed by the nearby Weltenburg Abbey brewery, who can trace back its beer-brewing tradition to at least 1050 AD, claiming the Weihenstephan document is at least controversial. The Zatec brewery in the Czech Republic claims it can prove that it paid a beer tax in 1004 AD).
The industrialization of the brewery.
Beer, in some form, can be traced back almost 5000 years to Mesopotamian writings describing daily rations of beer and bread to workers. Before the rise of production breweries, the production of beer took place at home and was the domain of women, as baking and brewing were seen as "women's work". Breweries, as production facilities reserved for making beer, did not emerge until monasteries and other Christian institutions started producing beer not only for their own consumption but also to use as payment. This industrialization of brewing shifted the responsibility of making beer to men.
Early breweries were almost always built on multiple stories, with equipment on higher floors used earlier in the production process, so that gravity could assist with the transfer of product from one stage to the next. This layout often is preserved in breweries today, but mechanical pumps allow more flexibility in brewery design.
Early breweries typically used large copper vats in the brewhouse, and fermentation and packaging took place in lined wooden containers. Such breweries were common until the Industrial Revolution, when better materials became available, and scientific advances led to a better understanding of the brewing process. Today, almost all brewery equipment is made of stainless steel.
Major technological advances.
A handful of major breakthroughs have led to the modern brewery and its ability to produce the same beer consistently.
The steam engine, vastly improved in 1775 by James Watt, brought automatic stirring mechanisms and pumps into the brewery. It gave brewers the ability to mix liquids more reliably while heating, particularly the mash, to prevent scorching, and a quick way to transfer liquid from one container to another. Almost all breweries now use electric-powered stirring mechanisms and pumps. The steam engine also allowed the brewer to make greater quantities of beer, as human power was no longer a limiting factor in moving and stirring.
Carl von Linde, along with others, is credited with developing the refrigeration machine in 1871. Refrigeration allowed beer to be produced year-round, and always at the same temperature. Yeast is very sensitive to temperature, and, if a beer were produced during summer, the yeast would impart unpleasant flavors onto the beer. Most brewers would produce enough beer during winter to last through the summer, and store it in underground cellars, or even caves, to protect it from summer's heat.
The discovery of microbes by Louis Pasteur was instrumental in the control of fermentation. The idea that yeast was a microorganism that worked on wort to produce beer led to the isolation of a single yeast cell by Emil Christian Hansen. Pure yeast cultures allow brewers to pick out yeasts for their fermentation characteristics, including flavor profiles and fermentation ability. Some breweries in Belgium, however, still rely on "spontaneous" fermentation for their beers (see lambic).
The modern brewery.
Breweries today are made predominantly of stainless steel, although vessels often have a decorative copper cladding for a nostalgic look. Stainless steel has many favorable characteristics that make it a well-suited material for brewing equipment. It imparts no flavor in beer, it reacts with very few chemicals, which means almost any cleaning solution can be used on it (concentrated chlorine being a notable exception) and it is very sturdy. Sturdiness is important, as most tanks in the brewery have positive pressure applied to them as a matter of course, and it is not unusual that a vacuum will be formed incidentally during cleaning.
Heating in the brewhouse usually is achieved through pressurized steam, although direct-fire systems are not unusual in small breweries. Likewise, cooling in other areas of the brewery is typically done by cooling jackets on tanks, which allow the brewer to control precisely the temperature on each tank individually, although whole-room cooling is also common.
Today, modern brewing plants perform myriad analyses on their beers for quality control purposes. Shipments of ingredients are analyzed to correct for variations. Samples are pulled at almost every step and tested for content, unwanted microbial infections, and other beer-aging compounds. A representative sample of the finished product often is stored for months for comparison, when complaints are received.
Brewing process.
Brewing is typically divided into 9 steps: milling, malting, mashing, lautering, boiling, fermenting, conditioning, filtering, and filling.
Mashing is the process of mixing milled, usually malted, grain with water, and heating it with rests at certain temperatures to allow enzymes in the malt to break down the starches in the grain into sugars, especially maltose.
Lautering is the separation of the extracts won during mashing from the spent grain to create wort. It is achieved in either a lauter tun, a wide vessel with a false bottom, or a mash filter, a plate-and-frame filter designed for this kind of separation. Lautering has two stages: first wort run-off, during which the extract is separated in an undiluted state from the spent grains, and sparging, in which extract that remains with the grains is rinsed off with hot water.
Boiling the wort ensures its sterility, helping to prevent contamination with undesirable microbes. During the boil, hops are added, which contribute aroma and flavor compounds to the beer, especially their characteristic bitterness. Along with the heat of the boil, they cause proteins in the wort to coagulate and the pH of the wort to fall, and they inhibit the later growth of certain bacteria. Finally, the vapors produced during the boil volatilize off-flavors, including dimethyl sulfide precursors.
The boil must be conducted so that it is even and intense. The boil lasts between 60 and 120 minutes, depending on its intensity, the hop addition schedule, and volume of wort the brewer expects to evaporate.
Fermenting.
Fermentation begins as soon as yeast is added to the cooled wort. This is also the point at which the product is first called beer. It is during this stage that fermentable sugars won from the malt (maltose, maltotriose, glucose, fructose and sucrose) are metabolized into alcohol and carbon dioxide. Fermentation tanks come in many shapes and sizes, from enormous cylindroconical vessels that can look like storage silos, to five-gallon glass carboys used by homebrewers.
Most breweries today use cylindroconical vessels (CCVs), which have a conical bottom and a cylindrical top. The cone's aperture is typically around 70°, an angle that will allow the yeast to flow smoothly out through the cone's apex at the end of fermentation, but is not so steep as to take up too much vertical space. CCVs can handle both fermenting and conditioning in the same tank. At the end of fermentation, the yeast and other solids have fallen to the cone's apex can be simply flushed out through a port at the apex.
Open fermentation vessels are also used, often for show in brewpubs, and in Europe in wheat beer fermentation. These vessels have no tops, making it easy to harvest top-fermenting yeasts. The open tops of the vessels increase the risk of contamination, but proper cleaning procedures help to control the risk.
Fermentation tanks are typically made of stainless steel. Simple cylindrical tanks with beveled ends are arranged vertically, and conditioning tanks are usually laid out horizontally. A very few breweries still use wooden vats for fermentation but wood is difficult to keep clean and infection-free and must be repitched often, perhaps yearly.
After high kräusen, the point at which fermentation is most active and copious foam is produced, a valve known in German as the "spundapparat" may be put on the tanks to allow the carbon dioxide produced by the yeast to naturally carbonate the beer. This bung device can regulate the pressure to produce different types of beer; greater pressure produces a more carbonated beer.
Conditioning.
When the sugars in the fermenting beer have been almost completely digested, the fermentation process slows and the yeast cells begin to die and settle at the bottom of the tank. At this stage, especially if the beer is cooled to around freezing, most of the remaining live yeast cells will quickly become dormant and settle, along with the heavier protein chains, due simply to gravity and molecular dehydration.
Conditioning can occur in fermentation tanks with cooling jackets. If the whole fermentation cellar is cooled, conditioning must be done in separate tanks in a separate cellar.
Some beers are conditioned only lightly, or not at all. An active yeast culture from an on-going batch may be added to the next boil after a slight chilling in order to produce fresh and highly palatable beer in mass quantity.
Filtering.
Filtering the beer stabilizes flavor and gives it a polished, shiny look. It is an optional process. Many craft brewers simply remove the coagulated and settled solids and forgo active filtration.
In localities where a tax assessment is collected by government pursuant to local laws, any additional filtration may be done using an active filtering system, the filtered product finally passing into a calibrated vessel for measurement just after any cold conditioning and prior to final packaging.
Filters come in many types. Many use pre-made filtration media such as sheets or candles. Kieselguhr, a fine powder of diatomaceous earth, can be introduced into the beer and circulated through screens to form a filtration bed. Filtration ratings are divided into rough, fine, and sterile. Rough filters remove yeasts and other solids, leaving some cloudiness, while finer filters can remove body and color. Sterile filters remove almost all microorganisms.
Filling.
Filling or "packaging" is the process of putting the beer into the containers for shipment or sale. It can be bottling or canning, or filling of kegs or bulk tanks.
Brewing companies.
Brewing companies range widely in the volume and variety of beer produced, ranging from small breweries, such as Ringwood Brewery, to massive multinational conglomerates, like SABMiller in London or Anheuser-Busch InBev, that produce hundreds of millions of barrels annually. The biggest brewer in the world is the Belgian-Brazilian company Anheuser-Busch InBev.
Some commonly used descriptions of breweries are:
There are organizations that assist the development of brewing, such as the Seibel Institute of Technology in the USA and the Institute of Brewing and Distilling in the UK.
Largest brewing companies.
In 2012 the four largest brewing companies controlled 50% of the market

</doc>
<doc id="19555350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555350" title="List of Hakushaku to Yōsei episodes">
List of Hakushaku to Yōsei episodes

The following is the list of episodes for the Japanese anime series "Hakushaku to Yōsei". The anime series is produced by Artland while the episodes are directed by Koichiro Sohtome and composed by Noriko Nagao. Two pieces of theme music will be used, one opening theme and one ending theme. The opening theme, "Feeling", is performed by Acid Flavor while the ending theme, "My Fairy", is performed by Hikaru Midorikawa, who is also the voice actor for the male protagonist of the story, Edgar J. C. Ashenbert. The anime is scheduled for 12 episodes and will air first on Chiba TV and TV Saitama on October 8, 2008; however, an advanced broadcast of the first episode was aired on AT-X on September 29, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19555357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555357" title="Ferenc Barnás">
Ferenc Barnás

Ferenc Barnás is a Hungarian novelist.
Biography.
Ferenc Barnás was born in 1959 in Debrecen, Hungary. From 1982 until 1988 he takes university courses in Debrecen, Budapest, and München. In 1988 he graduates from Eötvös Loránd University (ELTE) with degrees in Hungarian language/literature and Aesthetics. In 1991 he earns his doctoral degree at ELTE, with a dissertation entitled "Hermann Hesse világképe" ("The World View of Hermann Hesse"). From 1988 until 1994 he teaches literature, philosophy and aesthetics in secondary schools for the arts in Budapest. From 1990 until 1992 he works as an instructor of music aesthetics at the Department of Cultural History, ELTE. From 1994 until 2000 lives as a freelance writer. From 2000 to present works at Ernst Museum in Budapest.

</doc>
<doc id="19555359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555359" title="Pont de l'Harteloire">
Pont de l'Harteloire

The Pont de l’Harteloire is a bridge in Brest, France. Upstream of the Pont de Recouvrance, it connects the two banks of the river Penfeld and overlooks the arsenal de Brest. It is on the site the naval transporter bridge destroyed during the Second World War.

</doc>
<doc id="19555382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555382" title="Cherla">
Cherla

Cherla is a tehsil in Khammam district in Andhra Pradesh, India. It is located on the banks of River Godavari.
Geography.
Cherla is located on the banks of River Godavari at . It has an average elevation of 78 metres (259 ft).
Population and literacy.
Cherla has a population of 2,00,000 of which 42.9% are literates (2012 
census).

</doc>
<doc id="19555389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555389" title="WJRH">
WJRH

WJRH (104.9 FM) is a college radio station licensed to Lafayette College in Easton, Pennsylvania, in the Lehigh Valley region of the United States. It is one of the last college radio stations in the United States that is fully student managed and provides fully freeform programming.
History.
WJRH first established licensure with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) in 1946, broadcasting under a Class D educational license on 90.5 FM. As FM frequencies grew in demand, the FCC mandated that stations operating in the frequency range currently provided to WJRH increase their power to serve larger audiences. Since WJRH was only to serve the Lafayette community, it was decided to give the frequency to another facility and relocate to its current home frequency, 104.9. WJRH alumnus have become influential individuals in the broadcasting field, ranging from Engineering Directors for networks such as the American Broadcasting Company (ABC), to public broadcasting policy makers.
Facility.
WJRH has been housed for over 30 years in its current location, Hogg Hall. The facility is divided into three sound-proofed rooms. The first is the main DJ studio. This is the control center for all outgoing radio transmissions. Here, DJs can play vinyl records, compact discs (CD), cassette tapes, or carts. The station is currently equipped with a "party DJ" style turntable system for DJs who wish to utilize variable speed turntables or dual-table mixing effects.
The second room is a large studio. Live bands can perform and station guests can be interviewed from this room, with the ability to accommodate up to 8 people at one time. Newly repaired, bands on campus will have the opportunity to display their talents, while allowing DJs to bring more variety to their shows. The third room is a production studio. DJs can record bands in the large studio, mix live feeds from any of Lafayette's sports facilities, or produce promotional "spots" to air during the broadcast day. The end product for recordings is a digital, created by an 8-track digital audio tape (DAT) recorder.

</doc>
<doc id="19555391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555391" title="Canoeing at the 1980 Summer Olympics – Women's K-1 500 metres">
Canoeing at the 1980 Summer Olympics – Women's K-1 500 metres

The women's K-1 500 metres event was an individual kayaking event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1980 Summer Olympics program.
Results.
Heats.
Thirteen competitors entered in two heats on July 30, but two withdrew. The top three finishers from each of the heats advanced directly to the final while the rest competed in the semifinal.
Semifinal.
The top three finishers in the semifinal (raced on August 1) advanced to the final.
Final.
The final was held on August 1. 

</doc>
<doc id="19555401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555401" title="National Association of Training Corps for Girls">
National Association of Training Corps for Girls

The National Association of Training Corps for Girls was formed in 1940 and was the umbrella organisation for theumbrella organisation was responsible for the Girls Training Corps (GTC), Girls' Nautical Training Corps (GNTC) and Women's Junior Air Corps (WJAC).
In 1963 the GNTC left to be sponsored by the Navy League and has subsequently become part of the Sea Cadet Organisation. In 1964 The GTC and WJAC amalgamated to become the Girls Venture Corps.

</doc>
<doc id="19555417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555417" title="Tomorrow, Today!">
Tomorrow, Today!

Tomorrow, Today! is a radio sitcom broadcast on BBC Radio 4. It is itself a spoof of radio science fiction dramas of the late 1950s and early 1960s. The writer is Christopher William Hill.
The action takes place in a BBC studio in 1961, where a motley crew of "bright young things" and aging actors produce a futuristic drama set in the year 2006, which of course is a world of space flight, ray guns, and contact with aliens. The show is called "Tomorrow, Today!" and is basically a soap opera. The lead roles are played by Nigel Lavery (Peter Bowles) and Sylvia Hann (Cheryl Campbell) who hate their jobs only slightly more than they hate each other. Their off-mike conversations are laced with carping comments and innuendo about each other's long-lost youth and popularity. Sylvia was once the voice of "Listen with Mother". The "comic relief" for the radio production is provided by a stereotypical Welshman, "Taffy" Jones, played by the very non-Welsh Douglas Bennings (Jon Glover).
The show is about to be terminated, much to the relief of the leads who are contractually committed to it. However the BBC decides that, thanks to the Soviet Union's apparent lead in space travel, national morale requires it to continue with a new pro-British, anti-Soviet slant. Writer and producer Hugo Kellerman (Joseph Kloska) introduces new aliens with a Communist philosophy and has them do battle with his heroes. BBC executive Godfrey Winnard (John Fortune) watches over the new production and keeps adding new elements to the mix, such as a member of the Royal Shakespeare Company (Leslie Phillips) brought in to play an android. 
The series also spoofs the origins of shows such as "Doctor Who". In the second series, set in 1962, Hugo is commissioned to devise a science fiction series for children's television and, thanks to a series of mishaps on the way to Television Centre, has the idea for "Professor Fabula and the Diloks", featuring a scientist who travels through time and space in a police call box, accompanied by a robotic dog. Unfortunately the idea is squelched due to salacious interpretations of the Professor's status as a single man wandering in time and space with a dog.
In the final episode of the second series, the entire production relocates to Wales as the Cuban Missile Crisis threatens to bring down a holocaust. There they discover that "Taffy" Jones, killed off and replaced by an equally stereotypical Scot (also voiced by Douglas) was immensely popular among the locals. Faced with mobs of angry Welsh fans calling him "Taffy killer", Hugo writes in a resurrection for the character, but Douglas's "more authentic" reading of the part causes the disgusted locals to cut power to the studio, which the team interprets as the arrival of Armageddon.

</doc>
<doc id="19555430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555430" title="Oscar Schmidt Inc.">
Oscar Schmidt Inc.

History.
The Oscar Schmidt Company (also selling under the names "Oscar Schmidt Lap-Harp and Zither Company," "Oscar Schmidt Musical House," and "Oscar Schmidt International") designed and manufactured numerous models of parlour instruments including lap harps, autoharps, germania harps, chord zithers, regent zithers, and ukelins. The company, now owned by U.S. Music Corporation, continues to manufacture autoharps, ukuleles, guitars, banjos and mandolins.
Founded by Oscar and Otto Schmidt in Jersey City, New Jersey in 1871, the company applied for dozens of patents in musical instruments and related equipment. The Oscar Schmidt Company was formally incorporated in 1911 and at the company's peak in the early 1920s, with the company operating manufacturing facilities in five cities.
The instruments were primarily sold door-to-door by travelling musical salesmen from the early 1880s until 1965. The company often employed current events as a marketing strategy. Each year, the company would offer new "special editions" of its products linked to newsworthy events likely to appeal to the sympathy of customers the door to door salesforce would encounter. These special editions would include a small dedication commemorating the event and sheet music also written to commemorate the event. The company's salesmen kept detailed records of the buying habits of customers, and the selection of special editions was made annually with the intent to sell additional instruments to existing customers.
The company's instruments were intended to be relatively easy to play for amateurs. Oscar Schmidt designed small, portable, durable instruments intended to be easy to learn, and useful for family entertainment in the decades between the Civil War and the emergence of radio and later television.
Current Company.
Oscar Schmidt is currently located in Buffalo Grove, IL and is a subsidiary of U.S. Music Corporation. They manufacture Autoharps (The name Autoharp is actually owned by Oscar Schmidt), ukuleles, guitars, basses, banjos and mandolins.

</doc>
<doc id="19555435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555435" title="Pont de Recouvrance">
Pont de Recouvrance

The Pont de Recouvrance is a vertical-lift bridge in Brest, France, across the river Penfeld. Opened on 17 July 1954, it was the largest vertical-lift bridge in Europe until the opening of the Pont Gustave-Flaubert in 2008. It links the bottom of the rue de Siam to the quartier de Recouvrance, replacing a swing bridge (the pont National) destroyed by Allied bombardment in 1944.
Each pylon is 70m high, and the 525-tonne lift span is 88m long.
Trolley bus.
The bridge was crossed by trolleybuses from its opening in 1954 until the closure of the Brest trolleybus system, in 1970.
Trams.
The lift span was renewed in 2011 in order to allow the future tram line to cross the bridge. Tram opened by July 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19555440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555440" title="WKVR-FM">
WKVR-FM

WKVR-FM (92.3 FM) is a radio station licensed to Huntingdon, Pennsylvania, USA. The station is currently owned by Juniata College.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19555501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555501" title="Johnny, Johnny Come Home">
Johnny, Johnny Come Home

"Johnny, Johnny Come Home" is a 1989 song recorded by Norwegian band Avalanche. It was their debut single and can be considered as its signature song. Released in March 1989 it helped launch the band's career achieving a smash success in France where it topped the chart and also in Norway was a top three hit, but its sales remained minimal in other countries.
Song information.
Written by Vinton Hoover and Avalanche's member Kjetil Rosnes, "Johnny Johnny Come Home" was published twice : first in late 1988, with a red cover single, then in March 1989 with a blue one containing a new remix. The refrain is composed of the title repeated eight times and many onomatopoeias ("Na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na"). The song is available on many compilations such as "Boulevard des hits volume 8", "La Discothèque du XXè siècle - 1988", "Nostalgie Classiques 80" and "Summer klub80 Volume 2". Two songs with almost the same title, "Johnny Come Home", by Fine Young Cannibals in 1985, then by The Men They Couldn't Hang in 1987, are not related to Avalanche's one.
Chart performances.
In France, the single debuted at number 43 on 1 April 1989, and climbed regularly until reaching the top ten in its sixth week. It topped the chart from it tenth week and remained there for eight consecutive weeks. Then it almost did not stop to drop and totaled 17 weeks in the top ten and 26 weeks in the top 50. The song is the 662nd best-selling single of all time in France. In Norway, the song was ranked in the top for eleven weeks from the 27th week of 1989, including a peak at number three in its sixth week. The song was also released in Germany, but failed to reach the chart.

</doc>
<doc id="19555502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555502" title="WNTE">
WNTE

WNTE (89.5 FM) is a radio station licensed to Mansfield, Pennsylvania, USA, the station serves the Mansfield University campus. The station is currently owned by Wnte-FM-Mansfield University. The station operates at 150 watts and reaches a 15 mile radius from the central location.<br>The Main Studio is located in Hemlock Manor, and the On-Air and Production Studios are located in the Alumni Hall Student Center. The On-Air Studio, dubbed "The Fishbowl", was dedicated in April 2008.<br>WNTE runs Jazler Radio Star automation program when there isn't a live DJ present in the studio.<br>WNTE is also known for its DJ Services and Live Sound Services to the Mansfield University campus and surrounding community, as well as much of Tioga County, Pennsylvania.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19555532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555532" title="Fu Hsing Kang College">
Fu Hsing Kang College

The Political Warfare Cadres Academy (政治作戰學校), also known as Fu Hsing Kang College (復興崗, "Renaissance Hill"), is a military academy in Beitou District, Taipei, Republic of China.
The College was established on July 15, 1951, modelled after the pre-war Moscow Sun Yat-sen University; it was intended to provide the Military of the Republic of China with Political commissars loyal to the Kuomintang regime. On September 1, 2006 the College became part of the National Defense University, thereby ceasing to be a stand-alone institution.

</doc>
<doc id="19555535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555535" title="Menzies of Culdares">
Menzies of Culdares

The title Menzies of Culdares came to prominence following the extinction of the main Menzies of Weem line in 1911. The Clan was without a Chief until Col. Ronald Steuart Menzies of Culdares and Arndilly, the lineal heir of Colonel James Menzies of Culdares, a prominent Covenanting officer and cousin of the first Baronet, petitioned Lyon Court in 1957 and obtained arms in the title of “The Menzies of Menzies”. His son, David Steuart Menzies of Menzies is the present Chief. The title Menzies of Culdares was matriculated to his second son, Simon Menzies of Culdares, in 2006. Meggernie Castle in Glen Lyon, Perthshire was the Seat of the Culdares line
History of Menzies of Culdares.
Scotland is indebted to the Menzies of Culdares for the introduction of the larch tree which now flourishes all over the Highlands. Menzies of Culdares, “Old Culdares”, who had been pardoned for his participation in the 1715 Jacobite Rebellion, brought the first larches from the Austrian Tyrol in 1737 and presented them to the Duke of Atholl. Two of the original saplings, now grown to a great size, can be seen beside Dunkeld Cathedral. 
Culdares, near Fortingall, Perthshire is the possible site of a castle or old house. It was held by the Moncreiffes, but passed to the Menzies family. Colonel James Menzies of Culdares was a Royalist officer during the Civil War in the seventeenth century and was wounded nine times in various fights. Menzies of Culdares fought for the Jacobites in the 1715 Rising, but was captured after the rebellion and was exiled to North America. He was an agricultural improver, and introduced the larch to Scotland. He was too old to take part in the 1745-46 Rising, but sent Bonnie Prince Charlie a fine horse, delivered by his servant, MacNaughton. 
Stewart of Garth makes most honourable mention of Macnuaghton, who was in the service of Menzies of Culdares in the year 1745. That gentleman had been "out" in 1715, and was pardoned. Grateful so far, he did not join Prince Charles, but sent a fine charger to him as he entered England. The servant, Macnaughton, who conveyed the present, was taken and tried at Carlisle. The errand on which he had come was clearly proved, and he was offered pardon and life if he would reveal the name of the sender of the horse. He asked with indignation if they supposed that he could be such a villain. They repeated the offer to him on the scaffold, but he died firm to his notion of fidelity. His life was nothing to that of his master, he said. 

</doc>
<doc id="19555572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555572" title="2008 Turner Prize">
2008 Turner Prize

The 2008 Turner Prize was awarded on 1 December 2008 to Mark Leckey. The £25,000 Turner Prize is awarded by the Tate to one of four nominees and is based on their work in the previous year. The other three 2008 nominees were Runa Islam, Goshka Macuga and Cathy Wilkes; for the first time since 1998, there were three female nominees. The chairman of the jury was Stephen Deuchar, director of Tate Britain. The artwork shown by the nominees at the invitational exhibition was generally unpopular with critics.
Nicholas Serota made a short speech before the award was presented by Nick Cave. Leckey had not prepared an acceptance speech. In an interview with "Channel 4 News" directly following the announcement, Leckey said, "The critics like middlebrow art. I don't make middlebrow art. Sod them. If you are working as an artist nowadays, the worse place to be, in terms of critics, is Britain."
Exhibition.
An exhibition of work by the nominees was shown at Tate Britain from 30 September 2008 to 18 January 2009. The curator was Carolyn Kerr.
The Turner Prize is awarded for a show by the artist in the previous year. When nominees are told of their nomination, they then prepare exhibits for the Turner Prize exhibition, often at short notice. As such, the Turner Prize exhibition may not feature the works for which the artist was initially nominated by the judges. However, it tends to be the basis on which public and press judge the artist's worthiness for nomination.
Nominees.
There were four nominees for the prize:
It was the first time since 1998 that three of the four nominees had been women.
Stephen Deuchar, who chaired the jury, said: "The prize is not there to award the most competent artist at work today, but to draw attention to what the jury considers new developments." 
Works and press coverage.
Runa Islam.
Runa Islam's exhibited works were three films:
Artist's comment:
The critics said:
Mark Leckey.
Mark Leckey's exhibited works were:
The critics said:
Goshka Macuga.
Goshka Macuga's exhibited works were:
Macuga's works incorporated photographs by surrealist Paul Nash and drawings by his mistress Eileen Agar. There were also sculptures utilising work by Mies van der Rohe and Lilly Reich made in glass and steel.
The critics said:
Cathy Wilkes.
Cathy Wilkes' exhibited work was:
The critics said:
Critics' reception of the exhibition as a whole.
Coverage was mostly negative. Richard Dorment wrote in "The Daily Telegraph": "The shortlist for this year's Turner Prize is so wilfully opaque it's irrelevant." In his opinion the artists selected exemplified "Euro-art, a term I've made up to describe a certain kind of technically competent, bland, and ultimately empty art made specifically for international biennales." Similarly, Jonathan Jones wrote in "The Guardian" that the show "reflecta mentality only too dominant in art magazines and curating right now—a rather overthought, overtalked, pseudo-intellectual culture." In "The Times", Rachel Campbell-Johnston wrote, "I can't help thinking that this show will prove ... like the returns desk of Ikea on a Monday morning. Lots of frustrated people will be left staring at a pile of inscrutable junk." In the "Financial Times", Jackie Wullschlager wrote, "Don’t go. Don’t even think about going. This year’s Turner Prize exhibition is without competition the worst in the history of the award... a killer mix of self-indulgence and academicism." Laura Cumming in "The Observer" agreed, "If ever you were thinking of giving the Turner Prize a miss then 2008 is the ideal year." saying that "[it is not that the art is wilfully bad ... it is just that it is almost entirely inactive." In contrast, Adrian Searle wrote in "The Guardian": "a depth and complexity [in the Turner exhibition that, it would be nice to think, might overtake the usual chat about winners and losers."
Outside the exhibition, the Stuckists art group handed out leaflets with the message "The Turner Prize is Crap", to protest the lack of figurative painting.

</doc>
<doc id="19555578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555578" title="Oleg Dineyev">
Oleg Dineyev

Oleg Aleksandrovich Dineyev () (born 30 October 1987 in Moscow) is a Russian footballer. He last played for FC Salyut Belgorod in the Russian Second Division.

</doc>
<doc id="19555586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555586" title="Classical mechanics">
Classical mechanics

In physics, classical mechanics and quantum mechanics are the two major sub-fields of mechanics. Classical mechanics is concerned with the set of physical laws describing the motion of bodies under the action of a system of forces. The study of the motion of bodies is an ancient one, making classical mechanics one of the oldest and largest subjects in science, engineering and technology. It is also widely known as Newtonian mechanics. 
Classical mechanics describes the motion of macroscopic objects, from projectiles to parts of machinery, as well as astronomical objects, such as spacecraft, planets, stars, and galaxies. Besides this, many specializations within the subject deal with gases, liquids, solids, and other specific sub-topics. Classical mechanics provides extremely accurate results as long as the domain of study is restricted to large objects and the speeds involved do not approach the speed of light. When the objects being dealt with become sufficiently small, it becomes necessary to introduce the other major sub-field of mechanics, quantum mechanics, which reconciles the macroscopic laws of physics with the atomic nature of matter and handles the wave–particle duality of atoms and molecules. However, when both quantum mechanics and classical mechanics cannot apply, such as at the quantum level with many degrees of freedom, quantum field theory (QFT) becomes applicable. QFT deals with small distances and large speeds with many degrees of freedom as well as the possibility of any change in the number of particles throughout the interaction. To deal with large degrees of freedom at the macroscopic level, statistical mechanics becomes valid. Statistical mechanics explores the large number of particles and their interactions as a whole in everyday life. Statistical mechanics is mainly used in thermodynamics. In the case of high velocity objects approaching the speed of light, classical mechanics is enhanced by special relativity. General relativity unifies special relativity with Newton's law of universal gravitation, allowing physicists to handle gravitation at a deeper level.
The term "classical mechanics" was coined in the early 20th century to describe the system of physics begun by Isaac Newton and many contemporary 17th century natural philosophers, building upon the earlier astronomical theories of Johannes Kepler, which in turn were based on the precise observations of Tycho Brahe and the studies of terrestrial projectile motion of Galileo. Since these aspects of physics were developed long before the emergence of quantum physics and relativity, some sources exclude Einstein's theory of relativity from this category. However, a number of modern sources "do" include relativistic mechanics, which in their view represents "classical mechanics" in its most developed and most accurate form. 
The initial stage in the development of classical mechanics is often referred to as Newtonian mechanics, and is associated with the physical concepts employed by and the mathematical methods invented by Newton himself, in parallel with Leibniz, and others. This is further described in the following sections. Later, more abstract and general methods were developed, leading to reformulations of classical mechanics known as Lagrangian mechanics and Hamiltonian mechanics. These advances were largely made in the 18th and 19th centuries, and they extend substantially beyond Newton's work, particularly through their use of analytical mechanics. Ultimately, the mathematics developed for these were central to the creation of quantum mechanics.
History.
Some Greek philosophers of antiquity, among them Aristotle, founder of Aristotelian physics, may have been the first to maintain the idea that "everything happens for a reason" and that theoretical principles can assist in the understanding of nature. While to a modern reader, many of these preserved ideas come forth as eminently reasonable, there is a conspicuous lack of both mathematical theory and controlled experiment, as we know it. These both turned out to be decisive factors in forming modern science, and they started out with classical mechanics.
The medieval "science of weights" (i.e., mechanics) owes much of its importance to the work of Jordanus de Nemore. In the "Elementa super demonstrationem ponderum", he introduces the concept of "positional gravity" and the use of component forces. Ibn Bajjah, and Jean Buridan.-->
The first published causal explanation of the motions of planets was Johannes Kepler's "Astronomia nova" published in 1609. He concluded, based on Tycho Brahe's observations of the orbit of Mars, that the orbits were ellipses. This break with ancient thought was happening around the same time that Galileo was proposing abstract mathematical laws for the motion of objects. He may (or may not) have performed the famous experiment of dropping two cannonballs of different weights from the tower of Pisa, showing that they both hit the ground at the same time. The reality of this experiment is disputed, but, more importantly, he did carry out quantitative experiments by rolling balls on an inclined plane. His theory of accelerated motion derived from the results of such experiments, and forms a cornerstone of classical mechanics.
As foundation for his principles of natural philosophy, Isaac Newton proposed three laws of motion: the law of inertia, his second law of acceleration (mentioned above), and the law of action and reaction; and hence laid the foundations for classical mechanics. Both Newton's second and third laws were given proper scientific and mathematical treatment in Newton's "Philosophiæ Naturalis Principia Mathematica", which distinguishes them from earlier attempts at explaining similar phenomena, which were either incomplete, incorrect, or given little accurate mathematical expression. Newton also enunciated the principles of conservation of momentum and angular momentum. In mechanics, Newton was also the first to provide the first correct scientific and mathematical formulation of gravity in Newton's law of universal gravitation. The combination of Newton's laws of motion and gravitation provide the fullest and most accurate description of classical mechanics. He demonstrated that these laws apply to everyday objects as well as to celestial objects. In particular, he obtained a theoretical explanation of Kepler's laws of motion of the planets.
Newton previously invented the calculus, of mathematics, and used it to perform the mathematical calculations. For acceptability, his book, the "Principia", was formulated entirely in terms of the long-established geometric methods, which were soon eclipsed by his calculus. However, it was Leibniz who developed the notation of the derivative and integral preferred today.
Newton, and most of his contemporaries, with the notable exception of Huygens, worked on the assumption that classical mechanics would be able to explain all phenomena, including light, in the form of geometric optics. Even when discovering the so-called Newton's rings (a wave interference phenomenon) his explanation remained with his own corpuscular theory of light.
After Newton, classical mechanics became a principal field of study in mathematics as well as physics. Several re-formulations progressively allowed finding solutions to a far greater number of problems. The first notable re-formulation was in 1788 by Joseph Louis Lagrange. Lagrangian mechanics was in turn re-formulated in 1833 by William Rowan Hamilton.
Some difficulties were discovered in the late 19th century that could only be resolved by more modern physics. Some of these difficulties related to compatibility with electromagnetic theory, and the famous Michelson–Morley experiment. The resolution of these problems led to the special theory of relativity, often included in the term classical mechanics.
A second set of difficulties were related to thermodynamics. When combined with thermodynamics, classical mechanics leads to the Gibbs paradox of classical statistical mechanics, in which entropy is not a well-defined quantity. Black-body radiation was not explained without the introduction of quanta. As experiments reached the atomic level, classical mechanics failed to explain, even approximately, such basic things as the energy levels and sizes of atoms and the photo-electric effect. The effort at resolving these problems led to the development of quantum mechanics.
Since the end of the 20th century, the place of classical mechanics in physics has been no longer that of an independent theory. Instead, classical mechanics is now considered an approximate theory to the more general quantum mechanics. Emphasis has shifted to understanding the fundamental forces of nature as in the Standard model and its more modern extensions into a unified theory of everything. Classical mechanics is a theory for the study of the motion of non-quantum mechanical, low-energy particles in weak gravitational fields. 
In the 21st century classical mechanics has been extended into the complex domain and complex classical mechanics exhibits behaviors very similar to quantum mechanics.
Description of the theory.
The following introduces the basic concepts of classical mechanics. For simplicity, it often models real-world objects as point particles, objects with negligible size. The motion of a point particle is characterized by a small number of parameters: its position, mass, and the forces applied to it. Each of these parameters is discussed in turn.
In reality, the kind of objects that classical mechanics can describe always have a non-zero size. (The physics of "very" small particles, such as the electron, is more accurately described by quantum mechanics.) Objects with non-zero size have more complicated behavior than hypothetical point particles, because of the additional degrees of freedom: a baseball can spin while it is moving, for example. However, the results for point particles can be used to study such objects by treating them as composite objects, made up of a large number of interacting point particles. The center of mass of a composite object behaves like a point particle.
Classical mechanics uses common-sense notions of how matter and forces exist and interact. It assumes that matter and energy have definite, knowable attributes such as where an object is in space and its speed. It also assumes that objects may be directly influenced only by their immediate surroundings, known as the principle of locality. In quantum mechanics, an object may have either its position or velocity undetermined, and may also instantaneously interact with other objects at a distance. 
Position and its derivatives.
The "position" of a point particle is defined with respect to an arbitrary fixed reference point, O, in space, usually accompanied by a coordinate system, with the reference point located at the "origin" of the coordinate system. It is defined as the vector r from O to the particle. In general, the point particle need not be stationary relative to O, so r is a function of "t", the time elapsed since an arbitrary initial time. In pre-Einstein relativity (known as Galilean relativity), time is considered an absolute, i.e., the time interval between any given pair of events is the same for all observers. In addition to relying on absolute time, classical mechanics assumes Euclidean geometry for the structure of space.
Velocity and speed.
The "velocity", or the rate of change of position with time, is defined as the derivative of the position with respect to time:
In classical mechanics, velocities are directly additive and subtractive. For example, if one car traveling east at 60 km/h passes another car traveling east at 50 km/h, then from the perspective of the slower car, the faster car is traveling east at . Whereas, from the perspective of the faster car, the slower car is moving 10 km/h to the west. Velocities are directly additive as ; they must be dealt with using vector analysis.
Mathematically, if the velocity of the first object in the previous discussion is denoted by the vector and the velocity of the second object by the vector , where "u" is the speed of the first object, "v" is the speed of the second object, and d and e are unit vectors in the directions of motion of each particle respectively, then the velocity of the first object as seen by the second object is
Similarly,
When both objects are moving in the same direction, this equation can be simplified to
Or, by ignoring direction, the difference can be given in terms of speed only:
Acceleration.
The "acceleration", or rate of change of velocity, is the derivative of the velocity with respect to time (the second derivative of the position with respect to time):
Acceleration represents the velocity's change over time: either of the velocity's magnitude or direction, or both. If only the magnitude "v" of the velocity decreases, this is sometimes referred to as "deceleration", but generally any change in the velocity with time, including deceleration, is simply referred to as acceleration.
Frames of reference.
While the position, velocity and acceleration of a particle can be referred to any observer in any state of motion, classical mechanics assumes the existence of a special family of reference frames in terms of which the mechanical laws of nature take a comparatively simple form. These special reference frames are called inertial frames. An inertial frame is such that when an object without any force interactions (an idealized situation) is viewed from it, it appears either to be at rest or in a state of uniform motion in a straight line. This is the fundamental definition of an inertial frame. They are characterized by the requirement that all forces entering the observer's physical laws originate in identifiable sources (charges, gravitational bodies, and so forth). A non-inertial reference frame is one accelerating with respect to an inertial one, and in such a non-inertial frame a particle is subject to acceleration by fictitious forces that enter the equations of motion solely as a result of its accelerated motion, and do not originate in identifiable sources. These fictitious forces are in addition to the real forces recognized in an inertial frame. A key concept of inertial frames is the method for identifying them. For practical purposes, reference frames that are unaccelerated with respect to the distant stars are regarded as good approximations to inertial frames.
Consider two reference frames "S" and S'. For observers in each of the reference frames an event has space-time coordinates of ("x","y","z","t") in frame "S" and (x',y',z',t') in frame S'. Assuming time is measured the same in all reference frames, and if we require when , then the relation between the space-time coordinates of the same event observed from the reference frames S' and "S", which are moving at a relative velocity of "u" in the "x" direction is:
This set of formulas defines a group transformation known as the Galilean transformation (informally, the "Galilean transform"). This group is a limiting case of the Poincaré group used in special relativity. The limiting case applies when the velocity "u" is very small compared to "c", the speed of light.
The transformations have the following consequences:
For some problems, it is convenient to use rotating coordinates (reference frames). Thereby one can either keep a mapping to a convenient inertial frame, or introduce additionally a fictitious centrifugal force and Coriolis force.
Forces; Newton's second law.
Newton was the first to mathematically express the relationship between force and momentum. Some physicists interpret Newton's second law of motion as a definition of force and mass, while others consider it a fundamental postulate, a law of nature. Either interpretation has the same mathematical consequences, historically known as "Newton's Second Law":
The quantity "m"v is called the (canonical) momentum. The net force on a particle is thus equal to the rate of change of the momentum of the particle with time. Since the definition of acceleration is , the second law can be written in the simplified and more familiar form:
So long as the force acting on a particle is known, Newton's second law is sufficient to describe the motion of a particle. Once independent relations for each force acting on a particle are available, they can be substituted into Newton's second law to obtain an ordinary differential equation, which is called the "equation of motion".
As an example, assume that friction is the only force acting on the particle, and that it may be modeled as a function of the velocity of the particle, for example:
where "λ" is a positive constant. Then the equation of motion is
This can be integrated to obtain
where v0 is the initial velocity. This means that the velocity of this particle decays exponentially to zero as time progresses. In this case, an equivalent viewpoint is that the kinetic energy of the particle is absorbed by friction (which converts it to heat energy in accordance with the conservation of energy), and the particle is slowing down. This expression can be further integrated to obtain the position r of the particle as a function of time.
Important forces include the gravitational force and the Lorentz force for electromagnetism. In addition, Newton's third law can sometimes be used to deduce the forces acting on a particle: if it is known that particle A exerts a force F on another particle B, it follows that B must exert an equal and opposite "reaction force", −F, on A. The strong form of Newton's third law requires that F and −F act along the line connecting A and B, while the weak form does not. Illustrations of the weak form of Newton's third law are often found for magnetic forces.
Work and energy.
If a constant force F is applied to a particle that achieves a displacement Δr, the "work done" by the force is defined as the scalar product of the force and displacement vectors:
More generally, if the force varies as a function of position as the particle moves from r1 to r2 along a path "C", the work done on the particle is given by the line integral
If the work done in moving the particle from r1 to r2 is the same no matter what path is taken, the force is said to be conservative. Gravity is a conservative force, as is the force due to an idealized spring, as given by Hooke's law. The force due to friction is non-conservative.
The kinetic energy "E"k of a particle of mass "m" travelling at speed "v" is given by
For extended objects composed of many particles, the kinetic energy of the composite body is the sum of the kinetic energies of the particles.
The work–energy theorem states that for a particle of constant mass "m" the total work "W" done on the particle from position r1 to r2 is equal to the change in kinetic energy "E"k of the particle:
Conservative forces can be expressed as the gradient of a scalar function, known as the potential energy and denoted "E"p:
If all the forces acting on a particle are conservative, and "E"p is the total potential energy (which is defined as a work of involved forces to rearrange mutual positions of bodies), obtained by summing the potential energies corresponding to each force
This result is known as "conservation of energy" and states that the total energy,
is constant in time. It is often useful, because many commonly encountered forces are conservative.
Beyond Newton's laws.
Classical mechanics also includes descriptions of the complex motions of extended non-pointlike objects. Euler's laws provide extensions to Newton's laws in this area. The concepts of angular momentum rely on the same calculus used to describe one-dimensional motion. The rocket equation extends the notion of rate of change of an object's momentum to include the effects of an object "losing mass".
There are two important alternative formulations of classical mechanics: Lagrangian mechanics and Hamiltonian mechanics. These, and other modern formulations, usually bypass the concept of "force", instead referring to other physical quantities, such as energy, speed and momentum, for describing mechanical systems in generalized coordinates.
The expressions given above for momentum and kinetic energy are only valid when there is no significant electromagnetic contribution. In electromagnetism, Newton's second law for current-carrying wires breaks down unless one includes the electromagnetic field contribution to the momentum of the system as expressed by the Poynting vector divided by "c"2, where "c" is the speed of light in free space.
Limits of validity.
Many branches of classical mechanics are simplifications or approximations of more accurate forms; two of the most accurate being general relativity and relativistic statistical mechanics. Geometric optics is an approximation to the quantum theory of light, and does not have a superior "classical" form.
The Newtonian approximation to special relativity.
In special relativity, the momentum of a particle is given by
where "m" is the particle's rest mass, v its velocity, and "c" is the speed of light.
If "v" is very small compared to "c", "v"2/"c"2 is approximately zero, and so
Thus the Newtonian equation is an approximation of the relativistic equation for bodies moving with low speeds compared to the speed of light.
For example, the relativistic cyclotron frequency of a cyclotron, gyrotron, or high voltage magnetron is given by
where "f"c is the classical frequency of an electron (or other charged particle) with kinetic energy "T" and (rest) mass "m"0 circling in a magnetic field. The (rest) mass of an electron is 511 keV. So the frequency correction is 1% for a magnetic vacuum tube with a 5.11 kV direct current accelerating voltage.
The classical approximation to quantum mechanics.
The ray approximation of classical mechanics breaks down when the de Broglie wavelength is not much smaller than other dimensions of the system. For non-relativistic particles, this wavelength is
where "h" is Planck's constant and "p" is the momentum.
Again, this happens with electrons before it happens with heavier particles. For example, the electrons used by Clinton Davisson and Lester Germer in 1927, accelerated by 54 volts, had a wavelength of 0.167 nm, which was long enough to exhibit a single diffraction side lobe when reflecting from the face of a nickel crystal with atomic spacing of 0.215 nm. With a larger vacuum chamber, it would seem relatively easy to increase the angular resolution from around a radian to a milliradian and see quantum diffraction from the periodic patterns of integrated circuit computer memory.
More practical examples of the failure of classical mechanics on an engineering scale are conduction by quantum tunneling in tunnel diodes and very narrow transistor gates in integrated circuits.
Classical mechanics is the same extreme high frequency approximation as geometric optics. It is more often accurate because it describes particles and bodies with rest mass. These have more momentum and therefore shorter De Broglie wavelengths than massless particles, such as light, with the same kinetic energies.
Branches.
Classical mechanics was traditionally divided into three main branches:
Another division is based on the choice of mathematical formalism:
Alternatively, a division can be made by region of application:

</doc>
<doc id="19555631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555631" title="Recouvrance, Brest">
Recouvrance, Brest

Recouvrance is the section of the city of Brest, France on the right bank of the river Penfeld. It is a popularly and historically Breton quarter, in contrast to the largely Francophone quarter of "Brest-même" or "Brest-proper" on the left bank.
The lift bridge over the Penfeld was named after this neighbourhood, as was a schooner built in 1992 in the city.

</doc>
<doc id="19555639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555639" title="Granfoss Tunnel">
Granfoss Tunnel

The Granfoss Tunnel are two tunnels on Ring 3 in Oslo, Norway. The tunnels are 2.1 km long and they are part of the Granfoss Line, a 2.9 km stretch of motorway which was opened in 1992 connecting Ring 3 with the European route E18. The name comes from the Granfossen waterfall on the Lysakerelva river which passes nearby. The two tunnels run from Lysaker to Mustad, and from Mustad to Ullern Church, respectively.
When the two tunnels with four lanes were opened for traffic, a bottleneck of Oslo's road system which had lingered for several decades was finally dissolved. The tunnels were financed by Oslo Package 1.
Despite there being two tunnels, the singular name is used in local parlance.

</doc>
<doc id="19555661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555661" title="Bedford &amp; Milton Keynes Waterway Trust">
Bedford &amp; Milton Keynes Waterway Trust

Bedford & Milton Keynes Waterway Trust is a waterways organisation formed in 1995 to promote a new canal route, the Bedford and Milton Keynes Waterway.
It is a registered charity in England, and in 2008 had a gross income of £201,287.
The Trust was established in 1995 to promote the development of a broad canal which will link the Grand Union Canal in Milton Keynes to the River Great Ouse in Bedford through a series of waterways parks. The planned route of the new canal runs from the Grand Union Canal at Campbell Park in Milton Keynes (close to Gulliver's Land), crosses the M1 motorway between Junction 13 and 14, runs near to Brogborough Hill, through Marston Vale and connects with the River Great Ouse at Kempston.
In 2003 British Waterways announced its long-term aim to build the connection from the Grand Union at Milton Keynes to the River Great Ouse at Bedford in conjunction with a number of partner organisations.
The Trust has carried out design work on the project, funded through a £250,000 Lottery grant. The canal project suffered an apparent setback in 2004 when Milton Keynes Council did not include the route in the Supplementary Planning Guidance for the Eastern Expansion Area of Milton Keynes. However, this decision was recalled as a result of a public petition, and reversed at the subsequent meeting. The route within Milton Keynes is now protected by the SPG, and this episode serves to show public as well as political support for the scheme.
The first new structure specifically constructed for the waterway was completed in September 2009 – a concrete culvert (Berry Farm A421 Underpass) incorporated into the A421 road as the result of £250,000 provided through Government Growth Area Funds. The road opened on 1 December 2010, although the underpass is not due to open for public access until sometime into 2011.
One of the more speculative plans by the Trust is the "Brogborough Whirl" a proposed boat lift to take the waterway 30 metres up and down the eastern side of Brogborough Hill.

</doc>
<doc id="19555667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555667" title="John P. Murphy">
John P. Murphy

John P. Murphy (born 12 January 1945) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the early 1970s.
A ruck-rover, he spent four seasons at South Melbourne after sitting out of football in 1969 while he awaited a clearance. When Murphy made his debut in the opening round of the 1970 season against Melbourne at Lake Oval, he was one of a group of five making their first appearances, including Gary Brice and Ricky Quade. He finished with 58 games and returned to his original club, Sturt, in 1974.
He represented South Australia at the 1966 Hobart Carnival and played a total of five games for his state over the course of his career. At Sturt he was a member of five premiership teams, the three-peat of 1966 to 1968 as well as 1974 and 1976. 
His father Jack was a Copeland Trophy winner at Collingwood.

</doc>
<doc id="19555672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555672" title="The Superman/Batman Adventures">
The Superman/Batman Adventures

The Superman/Batman Adventures was a television series that aired on USA Network in 1995. It was later aired on Cartoon Network and Boomerang. The series featured edited episodes of various seasons of the "Super Friends", as well "The New Adventures of Superman", "The Superman/Aquaman Hour of Adventure", and "The Batman/Superman Hour". This show is noteworthy since it featured the 1983 episodes of the "Super Friends" for the first time on American television.

</doc>
<doc id="19555709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555709" title="Sia lives on Kilimanjaro">
Sia lives on Kilimanjaro

Sia lives on Kilimanjaro (original Swedish title: Sia bor på Kilimandjaro) is a children's book written by Astrid Lindgren and with photographs by Anna Riwkin-Brick. The original Swedish edition was published in 1958 by the Rabén & Sjögren publishing company in Stockholm. The English translation was published in 1959, in London by Methuen, and in New York by Macmillan.
It is a story of a little girl who wants to visit the king at the Chagga Feast, but her father tells her she is too young, and her brother tells her only boys are allowed. Story about self-determination.

</doc>
<doc id="19555718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555718" title="Uher (brand)">
Uher (brand)

Uher is a German brand of electronic equipment currently owned and licensed by Assmann Electronics of Bad Homburg. 
The manufacturer, Uher Werke was based in Munich, Germany, and is probably best known for its former range of portable reel-to-reel tape recorders which were once widely used by professionals in areas such as reporting and film-making. Since digital equipment has become widespread, these older analogue recording machines are no longer produced and the company has focused on other equipment.
Report series.
Report 4000 series.
The "Report 4000" series of portables had a neat, compact design, about 11" wide, 10" deep, and 4" thick. They used 5" reels of tape, and came in three models:
They had 4 speeds: 7½ inches per second (i.p.s.), 3¾ i.p.s., 1⅞ i.p.s., and 15/16 i.p.s. With the longest variety of 5" tape (1800 ft. long), and using 4-track mono at 15/16 i.p.s., it would be possible to get about 24 hours' recording time on one reel of tape, albeit at poor quality suitable only for speech, and 6 hours' continuous recording time would be possible.
Other series.
Based upon the mechanical design and chassis of the 4000 series recorders Uher also offered the professional
fulltrack (1-track Mono) recorders. These ran at a single 15 ips speed and provided a sync head for motion picture sound synchronization as well as dedicated record and playback heads. These models were not widely adopted. Even German and European television tended despite outfitting their radio reports with 4000-series machines to adopt Nagra or Stellavox recorders for film production.
The final model of the Report series was the Report 6000 introduced in 1986. They featured a more modern 3-motor design and electronic control.
Shared specs.
All the Report recorders had small loudspeakers (mono) built into them, at various times either in the front, or on the top near the piano-key-style controls.
They had several sources of power:

</doc>
<doc id="19555723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555723" title="Pont National (Brest)">
Pont National (Brest)

The Pont National was a swing bridge across the river Penfeld in Brest, France. It opened in 1861, linking rue de Siam to Recouvrance, near the Tour Tanguy. It was destroyed by Allied bombardment in 1944 and replaced by the Pont de Recouvrance in the 1950s.

</doc>
<doc id="19555726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555726" title="Social Security Advisory Committee">
Social Security Advisory Committee

The Social Security Advisory Committee (SSAC) is a statutory body that provides impartial advice to the UK government on social security issues. When the SSAC reports on government proposals for regulations the report must be presented to Parliament together with the regulations and a statement from the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions responding to any recommendations.
History.
The Committee was formed in November 1980 and is now covered by the Social Security Administration Act 1992. It took over the advisory functions of the former Great Britain and Northern Ireland Supplementary Benefits Commissions and the National Insurance Advisory Committee, and also assumed advisory responsibility for family income supplement and child benefit which had not previously come within the scope of any advisory committee. The Social Security and Housing Benefits Act 1982 extended the Committee's responsibilities to cover advice on the new housing benefit scheme, replacing the Advisory Committee on Rent Rebates and Rent Allowances (ACRRRA) from April 1983.
Chairs.
Paul Gray (2011- ) 
Deep Sagar (2011)
Sir Richard Tilt (2004-2011)
Sir Thomas Boyd-Carpenter KBE (1995-2004)
Sir Michael Bett CBE (1993-1995)
Sir Peter Barclay (1984-1993)
Sir Arthur Armitage (1980-1984)

</doc>
<doc id="19555740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555740" title="Ernesto Ríos">
Ernesto Ríos

Ernesto Ríos (born October 8, 1975, in Cuernavaca, Morelos) is a Mexican new media artist and academic based in New York City.
Career.
Ríos has been working with a diverse palette of tools developing his work in drawing, painting, video, photography, animation, virtual reality, performance, interactive and net art. Rios has shown his work at distinguished galleries and Museums in Mexico and other countries such as Museo de Arte Carrillo Gil, Mexico City, Fototeca de Cuba in Havana Cuba, Institute of Contemporary Arts in London.
Rios artwork has been presented through channels such as the Java Museum Forum for Internet Technology in Contemporary Art since 2007 and exhibited in international shows such as NetSpace: Viaggio nell'arte at the National Museum of the 21st Century Arts, Rome, Italy. Rios have 13 Solo Exhibitions and 60 group exhibitions in major cities such as London, Paris, Tokyo, New York, Valencia, São Paulo and Mexico City.
Rios has participated in the New Media Festival, Digital Media at the "Centre Cultural Valencia", Valencia, Spain (2008), IV and VI International Salon of Digital Art, at Centro Cultural Pablo de la Torriente, Havana Cuba (2003 and 2004) as well as "National Presence of Creators" Gallery of the National Institute Polytechnic, Mexico (1999). He has received numerous awards, including the Artistic Residence at the International Studio & Curatorial Program, New York City 2003, and the Tisch School of the Arts Scholarship, New York University (2004–2006).
Education.
Rios studied language and Hispanic literature and linguistics in CIDHEM in 2004. He earned a MPS from the Interactive Telecommunications Program of the Tisch School of the Arts at New York University where he studied with R. Luke DuBois.

</doc>
<doc id="19555744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555744" title="Asia (magazine)">
Asia (magazine)

Asia was a popular American magazine in the 1920s and 1930s that featured reporting about Asia and its people, including both the Far East and the Middle East.
"Asia" magazine was established by the American Asiatic Association in 1898 as "Journal of the American Asiatic Association". An editorial in the "Journal" explained: "The ignorance of our people in regard to the countries of the Far East is unquestionably a serious obstacle to the legitimate extension of American influence. . In 1917 Willard Straight, who had been involved in promoting American trade and investment in Korea and China since the turn of the century, and his wife, Dorothy Payne Whitney Straight, bought the magazine and renamed it "Asia". and continued its publication as a popular journal of commerce and travel. The Straights also were co-founders of "The New Republic" magazine.
When Willard Straight died of influenza in 1918, his widow took over publication of the magazine. She married Leonard K. Elmhirst in 1925. The editors included Louis D. Froelick and John Foord, and associate editors Gertrude Emerson and Marietta Neff. Elsie Weil, who joined the staff about 1920, was the long time managing editor. Frank H. McIntosh painted many of the covers. 
In October 1933, Richard J. Walsh, head of John Day publishers became editor. The content of the magazine was moved from advertising luxury goods, travel and promotion of American commerce in the Orient to discussion of international affairs and current Asian culture and literature. In the first editorial Walsh promised readers a wide range of topics and views. The magazine would "look upon Communism as objectively as upon art, and bring to religious concepts as open a mind as we bring to economic problems." Walsh soon brought his new wife, Pearl S. Buck into the editorial process. In the following years, as Asia underwent revolution and war, Walsh, as publisher of John Day, and Buck, as America's most influential writer about Asia, attracted and recruited a new range of Asian and American writers, many of whom promoted an anti-colonial agenda, such as support for Indian independence, and anti-racist program. Subscriptions rose as Americans become more worried about the oncoming Second Sino-Japanese War. Writers included William Ernest Hocking, the Harvard liberal theologian; Hu Shih, leader of China's New Culture Movement; Owen Lattimore, the emerging authority on Central Asia; Lin Yutang; Jawaharlal Nehru, the Indian independence leader; and reporters such as Nathaniel Peffer; Edgar Snow, Nym Wales, and Theodore H. White, who reported from the front line on China before World War II. Buck wrote a regular book review column titled “Asia Book Shelf.” The magazine recruited corresponding editors to gather articles, including Gertrude Emerson Sen in India and H.J. Timperley, an Australian journalist in China. 
In 1941, Walsh and Buck bought the magazine from the Elmhirsts. They changed the name to "Asia and the Americas" in November 1942, and In 1947 merged the magazine with "Free World" and "Inter-American" to form a new journal,"United Nations World". 

</doc>
<doc id="19555765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555765" title="Artyom Pershin">
Artyom Pershin

Artyom Aleksandrovich Pershin () (born February 6, 1988) is a Russian footballer. Currently, he plays for FC Volgar Astrakhan in the Russian National Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="19555776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555776" title="Trifluralin">
Trifluralin

Trifluralin is a commonly used pre-emergence herbicide. With about 14 million pounds used in the United States in 2001, it is one of the most widely used herbicides. Trifluralin is generally applied to the soil to provide control of a variety of annual grass and broadleaf weed species. It inhibits root development by interrupting mitosis, and thus can control weeds as they germinate.
Trifluralin has been banned in the European Union since 20 March 2008, primarily due to its high toxicity to fish and other aquatic life.
Environmental behavior.
Trifluralin undergoes an extremely complex fate in the environment and is transiently transformed into many different products as it degrades, ultimately being incorporated into soil-bound residues or converted to carbon dioxide (mineralized). Among the more unusual behaviors of trifluralin is inactivation in wet soils. This has been linked to transformation of the herbicide by reduced soil minerals, which in turn had been previously reduced by soil microorganisms as electron acceptors in the absence of oxygen. This environmental process has been reported for many structurally related herbicides (dinitroanilines) as well as a variety of energetic compounds (explosives).

</doc>
<doc id="19555822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555822" title="Vladislav Nikiforov">
Vladislav Nikiforov

Vladislav Yuryevich Nikoforov () (born 21 March 1989) is a Russian footballer. He currently plays for FC SKA-Energiya Khabarovsk in the Russian National Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="19555828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555828" title="Propanil">
Propanil

Propanil is a widely used contact herbicide. With an estimated use of about 8 million pounds in 2001, it is one of the more widely used herbicides in the United States.
Synthesis.
Propanil is made industrially by nitration of 1,2-Dichlorobenzene, reduction with catalytic hydrogen, then reacted with acetyl chloride. 

</doc>
<doc id="19555834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555834" title="The War on Drugs (band)">
The War on Drugs (band)

The War on Drugs is an American indie rock band from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, formed in 2005. The band consists of Adam Granduciel (vocals, guitar), David Hartley (bass, guitar), Robbie Bennett (keyboards, guitar) and Patrick Berkery (drums).
Founded by close collaborators, Granduciel and Kurt Vile, The War on Drugs released their debut studio album, "Wagonwheel Blues", in 2008. Vile departed shortly after its release to focus on his solo career.
The band's second studio album "Slave Ambient", was released, in 2011, to critical acclaim and extensive touring, with a third, "Lost in the Dream", due for release in March, 2014.
History.
Beginnings and "Wagonwheel Blues" (2003-2008).
In 2003, frontman Adam Granduciel moved from Oakland, California to Philadelphia, where he met Kurt Vile, who had also recently moved back to Philadelphia after living in Boston for two years. The duo subsequently began writing, recording and performing music together. Vile stated, "Adam was the first dude I met when I moved back to the Philadelphia in 2003. We saw eye-to-eye on a lot of things. I was obsessed with Bob Dylan at the time, and we totally geeked-out on that. We started playing together in the early days and he would be in my band, The Violators. Then, eventually I played in The War On Drugs."
Granduciel and Vile began playing as The War on Drugs in 2005, self-releasing a demo EP. Regarding the band's name, Granduciel noted, "My friend Julian and I came up with it a few years ago over a couple bottles of red wine and a few typewriters when we were living in Oakland. We were writing a lot back then, working on a dictionary, and it just came out and we were like "hey, good band name” so eventually when I moved to Philadelphia and got a band together I used it. It was either that or The Rigatoni Danzas. I think we made the right choice. I always felt though that it was the kind of name I could record all sorts of different music under without any sort of predictability inherent in the name"
While Vile and Granduciel formed the backbone of the band, they had a number of accompanists early in the group's career, before finally settling on a lineup that added Charlie Hall as drummer/organist, Kyle Lloyd as drummer and Dave Hartley on bass. Granduciel had previously toured and recorded with The Capitol Years, and Vile has several solo albums. The group gave away its "Barrel of Batteries" EP for free early in 2008. Their debut LP for Secretly Canadian, "Wagonwheel Blues", was released in 2008.
Following the album's release, and subsequent European tour, Vile departed from the band to focus on his solo career, stating, "I only went on the first European tour when their album came out, and then I basically left the band. I knew if I stuck with that, it would be all my time and my goal was to have my own musical career." Fellow Kurt Vile & the Violators bandmate Mike Zanghi joined the band at this time, with Vile noting, "Mike was my drummer first and then when The War On Drugs' first record came out I thought I was lending Mike to Adam for the European tour but then he just played with them all the time so I kind of had to like, while they were touring a lot, figure out my own thing."
"Slave Ambient" (2008-2012).
The lineup underwent several changes, and by the end of 2008, Kurt Vile, Charlie Hall, and Kyle Lloyd had all exited the group. At that time Granduciel and Hartley were joined by drummer Mike Zanghi. After Zanghi's exit in 2010, Steven Urgo took over drum duties and Robbie Bennett joined on keys. The band's second studio album, "Slave Ambient" was released to widespread critical acclaim in 2011. 
In 2012, Patrick Berkery replaced Urgo as the band's drummer.
"Lost in the Dream" (2013-present).
On December 4, 2013, the band announced the release of its third studio album, "Lost in the Dream", due for release in March 2014.
Side projects and collaborations.
Adam Granduciel and Mike Zanghi are both former members of founding guitarist Kurt Vile's backing band The Violators, with Granduciel noting, "There was never, despite what lazy journalists have assumed, any sort of falling out, or resentment" following Vile's departure from the band. In 2011, Vile stated, "When my record came out, I assumed Adam would want to focus on The War On Drugs but he came with us in The Violators when we toured the States. The Violators became a unit, and although the cast does rotate, we’ve developed an even tighter unity and sound. Adam is an incredible guitar player these days and there is a certain feeling us that nobody else can tap into. We don’t really have to tell each other what to play, it just happens."
External Links.
Official Website
Twitter
Facebook
Tour
Management

</doc>
<doc id="19555835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555835" title="Graham Foley">
Graham Foley

Ronald Graham Gregory Foley (born 13 June 1923) was Bishop of Reading from 1982 to 1989.
Foley was educated at King Edward VI Aston and King's College London. Ordained in 1951, he began his career with a curacy at South Shore, Blackpool after which he was Vicar of "St Luke, Blackburn". In 1960, he became "Director of Education" for the Diocese of Durham followed by a decade at Leeds Parish Church and his final appointment (before his elevation to the Episcopate) was as a Chaplain to The Queen. In retirement he has served the Church as an honorary assistant bishop within the Diocese of York – he still lives in the diocese, but his commission as a bishop there reportedly ended in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19555836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555836" title="The Bangles discography">
The Bangles discography

The discography of The Bangles, an American all-female band, consists of five studio albums, two compilation albums, one extended play, twenty-two singles and three video albums.

</doc>
<doc id="19555840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555840" title="Canoeing at the 1980 Summer Olympics – Women's K-2 500 metres">
Canoeing at the 1980 Summer Olympics – Women's K-2 500 metres

The women's K-2 500 metres event was a pairs kayaking event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1980 Summer Olympics program.
Results.
Heats.
Thirteen crews entered in two heats on July 30, but one withdrew. The top three finishers from each of the heats advanced directly to the final while the remaining sixt teams were relegated to the semifinal.
In the official report, Mincheya's first name was listed as Velichka.
Semifinal.
The top three finishers in the semifinal (raced on August 1) advanced to the final.
Final.
The final was held on August 1. 
The East Germans achieved the most decisive victory in women's Olympic canoeing ever.

</doc>
<doc id="19555861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555861" title="Tour Tanguy">
Tour Tanguy

The Tour Tanguy, Bastille de Quilbignon or Tour de la Motte Tanguy is a medieval tower on a rocky motte beside the Penfeld river in Brest, France. Probably built during the Breton War of Succession, it faces the château de Brest and is now accessed by a road off the square Pierre Péron, at one end of the pont de Recouvrance. It now houses the Museum of Old Brest, a museum with a collection of dioramas that depict the city of Brest on the eve of World War II.
History.
Probably built to protect or block crossings between the two banks of the river, the tower's origins cannot be precisely determined. It may have been built by the English during their occupation of the city in the 14th century, or earlier by lord Tanguy du Chastel, of the line of lords of Quilbignon which distinguished itself in battles against the English in Brittany and contributed to the development of the right bank. The name "bastille de Quilbignon" gives places to that of "tour Tanguy", a forename held by members of this line. Their arms are engraved below the tower's gate. The family's powerbase was at the château de Trémazan at Landunvez.
Jean de Montfort handed it over to the English in 1341, but it was restored to his son John V, Duke of Brittany in 1397. Until about 1580, the tower was the seat of justice for the lords of Le Châtel, and it was neglected after that date, becoming the property of the Rohan-Guéméné family in 1786 before becoming a French royal possession and finally being sold to a Mr Gabon on the French Revolution.
In 1862, it was bought by the architect Barillé who turned it into his house, cutting windows and building on its top a sort of Chinese-style roof over a kiosk or pavilion. Its last occupant and private owner, doctor Joseph Thielmans, left it after it caught fire during the bombardment of 1944 (the bombing also destroyed the pavilion). It was acquired by the town of Brest on 15 July 1954 and summarily repaired, but its state worsened once more and its future was compromised by the redevelopment of the Recouvrance quarter. In 1959 the town finally charged the painter Jim E. Sévellec with evoking the town's past, of which few remains were left. The tower was restored and opened as the Museum of Old Brest on 25 July 1962. In 1971, a turret was added and the Neo Gothic cornice along the battlements replaced to restore the tower to its medieval shape.

</doc>
<doc id="19555870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555870" title="Bill Palmer">
Bill Palmer

Bill Palmer (1917–1996) invented a 'quint' system which was later patented by Titano as used in their line of converter (or "quint") bass accordions.
He made many written contributions to magazines for the promotion of the Piano Accordion, including Accordion World. Some of the more important articles about his beliefs for improving the instrument and current style of playing have been gathered at The Classical Free-Reed, Inc web site.

</doc>
<doc id="19555878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555878" title="Sasirekha Parinayam (film)">
Sasirekha Parinayam (film)

Sasirekha Parinayam is a 2009 Telugu film starring Genelia D'Souza and Tarun. It was directed by Krishna Vamsi.
Plot.
The independent and spirited Sasirekha (Genelia) is ordered by her father to get married to an NRI. She is to see a video of the groom and his house, but stamps on it, declaring she doesn't want to get married. When the groom’s father demands dowry on the wedding day, she runs away from her marriage. Soon after, she runs into Anand (Tarun). They bond well during their acquaintance and the rest of the movie is about how she falls in love with Anand. As it turns out, Anand was the one she was supposed to marry, but due to certain events, the wedding party leaves without him.
Soundtrack.
The music and backgroundscore was composed by Mani Sharma with the lyrics penned by Sirivennela Sitaramasastri and Anantha Sreeram.

</doc>
<doc id="19555889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555889" title="Thiocyanatoiron">
Thiocyanatoiron

Thiocyanatoiron (systematically named thiocyanatoiron(2+)) is a inorganic cation with the chemical formula [Fe(SCN)]2+. It is known to produce a blood red color in solution. This is used as a test for Fe3+ in the laboratory. Fe3+ reacts with thiocyanate to give a series of intensely red colored compounds which remain in the solution and does not undergo any reaction after the formation of the stable octahedral structure. In high concentration of SCN- the compound is fairly octahedral with six thiocyanate ligands bonded to iron atom. Thiocyanatoiron forms a pentahydrate.
Thiocyanatoiron must be stored in an acidic solution to prevent the formation of FeOH2+ ions. The excess H+ ions in the acidic solution prevent Fe3+ from engaging in side reactions. Thiocyanatoiron decomposes with exposure to light. The thiocyanatoiron ion is usually formed through an equilibrium reaction:
Chemical properties.
Acidity.
The iron(III) segment in thiocyanatoiron(III)s such as thiocyanatoiron can assimilate a hydroxide into the molecule by substitution:
Because of this capture of a hydroxide (OH-), thiocyanatoiron has Arrhenius acidic character. In aqueous solution, most thiocyanatoiron is hydrolyzed.
Chemical reactions.
Thiocyanatoiron undergoes the typical chemical reactions of a thiocyanatoiron(III). Upon treatment with a standard base, it converts to dihydroxyiron(III) or trihydroxyiron(III), and metal thiocyanate. Reduction of thiocyanatoiron(III) gives thiocyanatoiron(II).

</doc>
<doc id="19555893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555893" title="Caves of Aggtelek Karst and Slovak Karst">
Caves of Aggtelek Karst and Slovak Karst

The Caves of Aggtelek Karst and Slovak Karst is a UNESCO World Heritage site consisting of 712 caves spread out over a total area of along the border of Hungary and Slovakia.
Background.
This UNESCO World Heritage site includes seven components. They are Aggtelek, Szendrő-Rudabánya Hill, and Esztramos Hill in Hungary, and Dobšinská Ice Cave, Koniar plateau, Plešivec plateau, and neighbourhood of Silica and Jasov in Slovakia. 
Caves included are: 
Baradla-Domica Cave complex is long with approximately one fourth of that on the Slovak side and the rest in the Hungary. The first written mention of Baradla cave dates back to 1549 and from 1920 it serves as a tourist attraction. Ján Majko discovered Domica Cave (Slovak part of the complex) in 1926 and the tourist circuit opened to public in 1932 has more than . Cave was inhabited as far as 5000 BC and is an important archeological site of Bükk Culture. Temperature in the Slovak part varies between with a humidity above 95%.
Gombasek Cave was discovered in 1951 with 530 out of its opened to the public from 1955. The cave is also experimentally used for "speleotherapy" as a sanatorium, focused on airway diseases thanks to constant temperature of , high humidity of 98% and favorable microclimate. Geomorphologically it is one of the youngest but nevertheless also one of the most impressive caves in Slovakia with extraordinary decoration that gave it the nickname "Fairy tale cave". 
Dobšiná Ice Cave was added to the list of components of this World Heritage Site only in the year 2000. The cave was discovered in 1870 by Eugen Ruffinyi, though the entrance was known long before. Being open to the public just one year after its discovery, in 1887 it became the first electrically lit cave in Europe. Approximately one third of its length is open from May to September. Thickness of the ice on the floor approaches , with a surface area of and estimated volume of of ice. Average temperature is and relative humidity between 96 and 99%. This cave is among the most beautiful and the most richly decorated ice caves in the world.
Although Ochtinská Aragonite Cave is just long with a tourist circuit not longer than , it is famous for its rare aragonite filling since there are only three aragonite caves discovered in the world so far. In the so-called Milky Way Hall, the main attraction of the cave, white branches and clusters of aragonite shine like stars in the Milky Way. The cave was discovered in 1954 and opened to the public in 1972. Temperature in the cave is around with relative humidity between 92 and 97%. 
Jasovská Cave was partly opened for the public in 1846, making it the oldest publicly accessible cave in Slovakia. The lower parts of the cave were discovered in 1922 to 1924. More than one third of its total length is open to the public. Paleolithic and Neolithic archeological artifacts were found in the cave together with those of Hallstatt Culture.

</doc>
<doc id="19555894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555894" title="Teddy Maguire">
Teddy Maguire

James Edward "Teddy" Maguire (23 July 1917 - 1990) was an English footballer, who spent the majority of his career with Wolverhampton Wanderers.
Career.
Maguire moved into league football Wolverhampton Wanderers from non-league Willington in his native County Durham in 1936. He made his league debut on 14 November 1936 in a 1-2 loss at Stoke City, one of 14 appearances in his first season.
He became a first choice player the following season, as the club finished runners-up in the league. The following year brought Maguire close to silverware again but Wolves ultimately finished as runner-up in both the league and FA Cup.
He remained on the club's books during the break from competitive football caused by World War II, but never played an official game for them post-war. In May 1947, he signed for Swindon Town, where he remained for 15 months before ending his league career with a spell at Halifax Town.
He died in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="19555921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555921" title="Michael Succow">
Michael Succow

Michael Succow (born 21 April 1941 in Lüdersdorf near Bad Freienwalde) is a German biologist and ecologist. His numerous publications are mostly devoted to the ecology of moorlands and his typology of moorlands is today used as a standard classifications strategy for moorlands.
In 1997, he was awarded the Right Livelihood Award for his work, particularly his efforts to create nature reserves in Germany, Eastern Europe and Asia.
Life.
Succow studied biology at the University of Greifswald from 1960 until 1965. He stayed at the University of Greifswald for another four years as scientific assistant. When he openly sympathised with reform forces during the Prague Spring in 1969, GDR officials pressed for him to leave the university. Succow then worked outside the university, but nevertheless finished his PhD thesis on moor vegetation in 1970. He then worked in Mongolia for several months before becoming a scientific employee at the Department of Agrology at the Academy of Agricultural Sciences of the German Democratic Republic, a position that allowed him to write his habilitation, which in turn helped him become a professor at the academy in 1987.
For a short period in 1990, Succow was the vice secretary of nature, conservation and water of the GDR. On the 12th of September 1990 Succow successfully pressed the Council of Secretaries of the GDR on their last meeting before the German reunification to declare about 7% of the soon-to-be dissolved nation as national parks and biosphere reserves.
After the German reunification, Succow accepted a visiting professorship at the Technical University of Berlin. He then worked as a consultant for the state of Brandenburg as well as on an international level, for instance initiating seven National Parks in the country of Georgia. He was hired as a full university professor for geobotany and landscape ecology and director of the Department of Botany and the botanical garden of the University of Greifswald in 1992.
After 1990, Succow did consulting work in a number of former Warsaw Pact countries as well as in Central Asia and East Asia resulting in the designation of nature reservations (including a number of UNESCO world nature heritage sites) in Kamchatka, the Lena river delta, Karelia, Kyrgyzstan, Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Mongolia, Georgia, Russia and Belarus.
With the prize money of the Right Livelihood Award, he founded the "Michael Succow Foundation for the Protection of Nature" (), which, for instance, helped Azerbaijan to create a national park programme with up to eight reserves.
Michael Succow is a scientific counsellor to a number of environmental organisations and institutions.

</doc>
<doc id="19555950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555950" title="Sinéad Noonan">
Sinéad Noonan

Sinéad Noonan is an Irish model and actress who won Miss Ireland 2008.
Noonan was born in Dublin to Peter and Stephanie Noonan, and grew up in Dunboyne, Meath. As a child, she endured bullies who picked on her because of her size. She attended St. Peter's College, Dunboyne, where she excelled in drama, and now holds a First class degree in Speech and Drama, as well as a certificate in Advance Acting, and speaks English, Irish and French fluently.
In 2008, Noonan participated as Miss Meath in the Miss Ireland pageant alongside thirty-seven other contestants at the Crowne Plaza Hotel Santry in Dublin, where judges included music manager Louis Walsh, actor Matt Di Angelo, and former Miss Ireland Pamela Flood. Noonan emerged the winner.
Noonan, who has appeared in several plays and short films including Wedding Bed, Loves Me Not and First Date all directed by Eoin Maher and Produced by Lisa McNamee. She cites Halle Berry as her role model, and future plans include opening a school in Ireland, where she intends to teach Drama, and becoming an actress. 
As Miss Ireland 2008, Noonan's prizes included €10,000 in cash and the use of a Hyundai car. In addition, Noonan represented the Republic of Ireland at Miss World 2008, where she made the top ten in Miss World Talent. She is represented by Compton Model Agency and was the face of Lipsey’s Autumn/Winter 2008 collection. She has also modelled for the Gillian Hughes hat collection.
In 2009, Noonan told the "Sunday Mirror" that she would welcome any offers to pose nude, provided it was tastefully done. She claimed "I'm not prudish, but I have a lot of respect for myself." 

</doc>
<doc id="19555954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555954" title="Titus (disambiguation)">
Titus (disambiguation)

Titus may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19555988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555988" title="Douglas Webb (police officer)">
Douglas Webb (police officer)

Douglas Edward Webb CVO OBE (8 October 1909–11 January 1988) was a British police officer in the London Metropolitan Police, who served as Deputy Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis from 1961 to 1966.
Webb was the son of a Metropolitan Police Superintendent. He was educated at Bordon Grammar School and Devonport High School for Boys and followed his father into the Metropolitan Police in 1929. In 1935 he was selected for Hendon Police College, passing out with the Baton of Honour the following year.
During the Second World War, he served as aircrew in the Royal Air Force Volunteer Reserve. He was commissioned (from the rank of Warrant Officer) as a Pilot Officer in December 1944. He was promoted Flying Officer in June 1945. From 1945 to 1947 he served on the Allied Commission in Italy and Austria. In 1947 he was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE).
In 1952, Webb was promoted Chief Superintendent commanding Bow Street division. In 1953 he transferred to West End Central and in 1954 he was promoted Deputy Commander at Scotland Yard.
He was promoted to Commander and took over No.3 District (North-East London) on 1 December 1955. He was promoted to Assistant Commissioner "B" (Traffic) on 20 January 1957, and Assistant Commissioner "A" (Operations and Administration) in December 1958. While holding this post he established the Special Patrol Group. In 1961 he was appointed Commander of the Royal Victorian Order (CVO) and Officier of the Légion d'honneur. He retired on 8 April 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="19555992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19555992" title="Knollwood Estate">
Knollwood Estate

The Knollwood estate was a Gold Coast era castle-esque house and estate. Located in Muttontown, New York, USA, its ruins are now part of the Muttontown Preserve.
Designed by architects Hiss and Weekes, the 60-room main house was built on a plot of land which encompassed the Westbrook Farms. Built between 1906 and 1920 for Wall Street mogul and steel tycoon Charles Hudson, the huge stone mansion had classical columns and balustrades.
In 1951 it was famously purchased by King Zog of Albania for approximately $102,800. It was rumoured that Zog bought the mansion with a bucket of diamonds and rubies. Although Zog intended the estate to be his kingdom-in-exile, staffed by Albanian subjects, he never moved in. Rumours spread of Zog's riches being hidden in the mansion, and various looters ransacked the house, it fell into total ruin. Zog's parliament sold the estate in 1955. The local county works department of Oyster Bay pulled down the ruins of the home in 1959, for reasons of safety. A garden pavilion remained for many years, progressively vandalized, until it was razed to its foundation, also for safety reasons. The most visible present remains of the estate are the remnants of a double staircase to the old formal gardens, where traces of landscaping remain, some walkways disappearing under fallen litter and leaves, the pillars and entablatures of a pair of kiosks, and the gate structure at the old entrance to the grounds.
The ruins of the mansion's gardens and grounds are now part of the Muttontown Preserve, with the gated entrance located on Jericho-Oyster Bay Road (Route 106).

</doc>
<doc id="19556004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556004" title="Salvage anthropology">
Salvage anthropology

Salvage anthropology is related to salvage ethnography, but often refers specifically to the collection of cultural artifacts and human remains, rather than the general collection of data and images.
Origins of Term.
When the term was coined in the 1960s, it referred mainly to archeological efforts to find cultural information before an area was obliterated by the construction of reservoirs, power plants, or roads, or before land was leveled for irrigation. These projects were often conducted under time restrictions, based on when the area was slated for destruction.
Despite the origins of the term, "salvage anthropology" is most frequently used to describe Euro-American attempts to “preserve” American Indian culture in the 19th and 20th centuries.
Vanishing Race Theory.
Beginning in the Jacksonian Era, many Americans subscribed to the belief that American Indians were "vanishing". Despite the fact that governmental actions, including the forced removal of the Cherokee from Georgia via the Trail of Tears, had much to do with the declining population of American Indians in the Eastern United States, leading American thinkers shifted the causes of “disappearance” to the Indians’ own destiny to give way to whites. In addition to the belief that American Indians would physically vanish due to forced migration, disease, and war, Americans also held the belief that Indians would "culturally" vanish through contact with whites and forced assimilation. Because of this belief, Euro-Americans took on the responsibility of externally preserving the cultural memory and traditions of American Indians, particularly through collecting tribal objects.
Changing Meanings of Artifacts.
Since American Indians were erroneously thought to be going extinct, white American anthropologists did not trust them to preserve their own traditions within their communities and began an effort in the late nineteenth century to dispossess communities of spiritual and other items, which would be transplanted into museums. As Euro-Americans removed sacred objects from their communities, they placed spiritual items into an educational context. Although the collectors believed they were using these objects to showcase the memory of a “vanishing” people, the objects were taken from actual people, many of whom believed that public display was disrespectful and potentially harmful to viewers. Many American Indians also believed that exhibiting sacred objects stripped the items of their spiritual power. By creating new meanings for the objects on display, in attempts to externally preserve a culture, anthropologists and collectors diminished the meaning that items held for the people who had created them.
Collection Methods.
Nineteenth- and early-twentieth century salvage anthropology often was undertaken through disrespectful and disingenuous methods. Archeologists often removed artifacts and human remains from grave sites, paying little attention to whether they were actively being used to bury relatives of tribe members. As archeologists and anthropologists scrambled to preserve a “disappearing” culture, they disrupted memorialization of relatives and ancestors. By the late 1980s, it was estimated that museums, other institutions and private collectors possessed between 300,000 and 2.5 million bodies of American Indians. Many objects were also obtained without the consent of their owners. Alanson Buck Skinner, who collected for the American Museum of Natural History from 1910 to 1914, was known as “The Little Weasel,” because of his collection techniques. Skinner used deception to acquire objects from the Menomini, claiming that the objects would be held in a “sacred place” with many other Menomini objects. By thus removing objects from native cultures, American anthropologists took on the power to interpret and create narratives for the objects, rather than allowing them to remain part of Native cultural memory.

</doc>
<doc id="19556022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556022" title="Gladstone Homes">
Gladstone Homes

Gladstone Homes is a homebuilder in northern Illinois in the United States. Its primary focus is residential new home construction in Chicago's west and southwest suburbs. It is headquartered in the village of North Aurora.
Gladstone Homes is ranked among Chicago’s Top 50 Builders and its Top Privately Held Companies.
Gladstone Homes built two series of single-family homes and townhomes and villas in the following communities:
Company history.
Gladstone Homes was founded in 1989 by David V. Bolger. Bolger grew up in a family of real estate entrepreneurs. He launched his own company with a single parcel of in-fill land in Lisle, Illinois.
Gladstone Homes grew into a profitable and experienced developer of suburban single family residential properties with average company sales exceeding $65,000,000.00 per annum.
Gladstone Homes performs many tasks in the building profession, including finance, construction management, land acquisition and positioning properties for obtaining and/or advancing municipal entitlements infrastructure and zoning approvals by municipal authorities, having zoned, annexed, and developed more than 1,200 suburban Chicago residential building sites. The company has a staff of 30.
Current new home communities.
As of Q4/2008, Gladstone Homes is building at six communities in four Chicago suburbs.
North Aurora
Elgin
Plainfield
Yorkville

</doc>
<doc id="19556033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556033" title="Cefalù">
Cefalù

Cefalù (Sicilian: Cifalù, Greek: , Diod., Strabo, or , Ptol.; Latin: Cephaloedium, or Cephaloedis, Pliny) is a city and "comune" in the Province of Palermo, located on the northern coast of Sicily, Italy on the Tyrrhenian Sea about 70 km east from the provincial capital and 185 km west of Messina. The town, with its population of just under 14,000, is one of the major tourist attractions in the region. Despite its size, every year it attracts millions of tourists from all parts of Sicily and also, from all over Italy and Europe. In summer the population can triple, making the main streets and major roads in the country crowded. There is then a youthful atmosphere and a lively nightlife.
History.
Of Greek foundation, the city evidently derived its name from its situation on a lofty and precipitous rock, forming a bold headland () projecting into the sea. But though its name proves it to have been of Greek origin, no mention is found of it in Thucydides, who expressly says that Himera was the only Greek colony on this coast of the island; it is probable that Cephaloedium was at this time merely a fortress () belonging to the Himeraeans, and may very likely have been first peopled by refugees after the destruction of Himera. Its name first appears in history at the time of the Carthaginian expedition under Himilco, 396 BC, when that general concluded a treaty with the Himeraeans and the inhabitants of Cephaloedium. But after the defeat of the Carthaginian armament, Dionysius the Elder made himself master of Cephaloedium, which was betrayed into his hands. ("Ibid." 78.) At a later period we find it again independent, but apparently on friendly terms with the Carthaginians, on which account it was attacked and taken by Agathocles, 307 BC. In the First Punic War it was reduced by the Roman fleet under Atilius Calatinus and Scipio Nasica, 254 BC, but by treachery and not by force of arms. Cicero speaks of it as apparently a flourishing town, enjoying full municipal privileges; it was, in his time, one of the "civitates decumanae" which paid the tithes of their corn in kind to the Roman state, and suffered severely from the oppressions and exactions of Verres. It also minted coins. No subsequent mention of it is found in history, but it is noticed by the geographers Strabo, Pliny, and Ptolemy, among the towns of Sicily, and at a later period its name is still found in the Itineraries.
During the Byzantine domination the settlement was moved from the plain to the current spur, although the old town was never entirely abandoned. In 858, after a long siege, it was conquered by the Arabs, and rechristened "Gafludi". For the following centuries it was part of the Emirate of Sicily.
In 1063 the Normans captured it and in 1131, Roger II, king of Sicily, transferred it from its almost inaccessible position to one at the foot of the rock, where there was a small but excellent harbor, and began construction of the present cathedral. Between the 13th century and 1451 it was under different feudal families, and then it became a possession of the Bishops of Cefalù. 
During the Risorgimento, the patriot Salvatore Spinuzza was shot here in 1857. Cefalù became part of the Kingdom of Italy in 1861.
Main sights.
The Cathedral.
The Cathedral, begun in 1131, in a style of Norman architecture which would be more accurately called Sicilian Romanesque. The exterior is well preserved, and is largely decorated with interlacing pointed arches; the windows also are pointed. On each side of the façade is a massive tower of four storeys. The round-headed Norman portal is worthy of note. A semi-circular apse is set into the east end wall. Its strengthening counterforts that work like buttresses, are shaped as paired columns to lighten their aspect. The groined vaulting of the roof is visible in the choir and the right transept, while the rest of the church has a wooden roof. Fine cloisters, coeval with the cathedral, adjoin it. 
The interior of the cathedral was restored in 1559, though the pointed arches of the nave, borne by ancient granite columns, are still visible; and the only mosaics preserved are those of the apse and the last bay of the choir; they are remarkably fine specimens of the Byzantine art of the period (1148) and, though restored in 1859-1862, have suffered much less than those at Palermo and Monreale from the process. The figure of the Pantocrator gracing the apse is especially noteworthy.
Others.
Some remains of the ancient city are still visible, on the summit of the rock; but the nature of the site proves that it could never have been more than a small town, and probably owed its importance only to its almost impregnable position. Fazello speaks of the remains of the walls as still existing in his time, as well as those of a temple of Doric architecture, of which the foundations only are now visible. But the most curious monument still remaining of the ancient city is an edifice, consisting of various apartments, and having the appearance of a palace or domestic residence, but constructed wholly of large irregular blocks of limestone, in the style commonly called polygonal or Cyclopean. Rude mouldings approximating to those of the Doric order, are hewn on the face of the massive blocks. The doorways are of finely-cut stone, and of Greek type, and the date, though uncertain, cannot, from the careful jointing of the blocks, be very early. This building, which is almost unique of its kind, is the more remarkable, from its being the only example of this style of masonry, so common in Central Italy, which occurs in the island of Sicily. It is fully described and figured by Dr. Nott in the "Annali dell'Instituto di Corrispondenza Archeologica", for the year 1831 (vol. iii. p. 270-87).
On the summit of the promontory are extensive remains of a Saracenic castle. The town's fortifications formerly extended to the shore, on the side where the modern town now is, in the form of two long walls protecting the port. There are remains of a wall of massive rectangular blocks of stone at the modern Porta Garibaldi on the south.
Other sights include:
Not far from the town is the sanctuary of Gibilmanna.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19556043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556043" title="Ranulph Bacon">
Ranulph Bacon

Lieutenant-Colonel Sir Ranulph Robert Maunsell Bacon QPM (6 August 1906 – 30 March 1988) was a British police officer.
Bacon was born in Westgate-on-Sea, Kent, and educated at Tonbridge School and Queens' College, Cambridge. He joined the Metropolitan Police as a Constable in 1928 and was selected for Hendon Police College in 1934, passing out with the Baton of Honour. In May 1940 he was commissioned into the British Army as a Provost Marshal on the General List. By December 1941, when he was mentioned in despatches for his service in the Western Desert, he held the local rank of Major, although his substantive rank was Lieutenant. He was later promoted Lieutenant-Colonel and in 1942 was appointed Deputy Provost Marshal of the Ninth Army.
In November 1943 he was seconded to the Colonial Police Service as Deputy Inspector-General of the Ceylon Police, and was promoted Inspector-General in 1944. His Deputy Inspector-General was John Waldron, another Hendon graduate who was later to succeed him as both Assistant Commissioner "A" and Deputy Commissioner of the Metropolitan Police.
In 1947 he returned to Britain as Chief Constable of the Devon County Constabulary, and held the post until his appointment as Assistant Commissioner "A" (Operations and Administration) of the Metropolitan Police on 1 November 1961. He was awarded the King's Police and Fire Services Medal in the 1953 New Year Honours. In 1963, he was appointed Assistant Commissioner "C" (Crime), in charge of the Criminal Investigation Department. At a press conference on 31 December 1964, he urged the public to "have a go" if they saw an armed robbery taking place, which was criticised as irresponsible by many. He was knighted in the 1966 New Year Honours.
In 1966 he briefly served as Deputy Commissioner, from 8 April to his retirement in October.

</doc>
<doc id="19556058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556058" title="Andrei Vlasichev">
Andrei Vlasichev

Vlasichev made 11 appearances for the Uzbekistan national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="19556076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556076" title="W251AO">
W251AO

W251AO, WOXL-HD2, 98.1 the River is a Triple-A low-power radio station in Asheville, North Carolina. It is operated by Asheville Radio Group, owner of WOXL-FM, WISE and WTMT. In addition to the over-the-air signal, The River is also heard on WOXL's second HD Radio channel, where it began.
History.
Originally, 98.1 was a translator for WISE. The River signed on October 1, 2008, with 10,000 songs in a row. Artists include Dave Matthews, Bob Marley, Van Morrison, Elvis Costello, Indigo Girls, R.E.M., U2, Norah Jones and Jack Johnson as well as less familiar performers such as Ray LaMontagne, Sara Bareilles, The John Butler Trio, My Morning Jacket, G. Love & Special Sauce and Ingrid Michaelson.
General manager Bob Bolak described the station as being designed for those who do not like radio. Listeners of The River, he said, want quality music, both old and new. Brad Savage of WCNR in Charlottesville, Virginia acted as consultant. The first songs played were "Take Me to the River" by the Talking Heads, "Radio Nowhere" by Bruce Springsteen and R.E.M.'s "It's The End Of The World As We Know It (And I Feel Fine)." 

</doc>
<doc id="19556077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556077" title="Viniegra de Abajo">
Viniegra de Abajo

Viniegra de Abajo is a municipality of La Rioja (Spain).
Viniegra de Abajo is between the Camero Nuevo and the Sierra de la Demanda, in what is called the subregion of High Najerilla.
Through Viniegra passes the Urbión river, which born in the Picos de Urbión, which are within the municipal term of the population.
History.
The finding of tombs and a Visigothic wake in the urban enclosure attests the antiquity of the foundation of the town. In 1366 it was included with the denomination of Viniegra de Yuso, between the localities of the lordship of Cameros, that would be yielded by Enrique II of Trastámara to Juan Ramirez de Arellano by its support in the fight against Pedro the Cruel.
Since then it belonged to the lordship of the counts of Aguilar and Inestrillas, heirs of the dominion of Cameros, according to what appears stated in the Cadastre of the Marquis of Ensenada of year 1751. After the abolition of lordships in Spain in 1811, it became a town free of the province of Soria, until the creation of the province of Logroño on the 30 of November 1833.
Festivals.
In Viniegra there are two main celebrations, those of Winter, that are those of San Ildefonso, and those of summer, Santiago. But besides these, also there are others: 

</doc>
<doc id="19556079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556079" title="Dye (surname)">
Dye (surname)

Dye is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19556081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556081" title="Zois Ballas">
Zois Ballas

Zois Ballas (in ; born 1987) is a Greek professional basketball player. He is 2.05 m (6 ft 8 ¾ in) in height and he plays at the power forward position. He is currently playing for AEK Athens BC.

</doc>
<doc id="19556087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556087" title="Victorian Gay and Lesbian Rights Lobby">
Victorian Gay and Lesbian Rights Lobby

The Victorian Gay and Lesbian Rights Lobby (VGLRL) is the peak lobby group in Victoria, Australia for the attainment of equality, human rights and social justice for the entire Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual, Transgender and Intersex (GLBTI) community.
VGLRL was created in October 1997, following presentation of a report to a public meeting which proposed a model for a Victorian Gay and Lesbian Rights Lobby. This model was accepted, and 21 days later the Lobby held its first annual general meeting, elected a management committee, adopted the rules of association, and began the process of incorporation.
VGLRL has worked on a variety of issues such as domestic partnerships, access to in vitro fertilisation and adoption, and an end to homophobic violence.
In 2009, it criticized the application of the instruction Concerning the Criteria for the Discernment of Vocations with regard to Persons with Homosexual Tendencies in view of their Admission to the Seminary and to Holy Orders in Australian dioceses. VGLRL also initiated the national Equal Love campaign, in an effort to win marriage rights for Australian gay and lesbian couples.
Committee.
The VGLRL Committee is voted in by its membership at an annual general meeting scheduled in the Spring of each year. The Committee of Management is responsible for the day to day running of the organisation, and each member usually heads a portfolio or working group.
The Committee is made up of up to 10 current VGLRL members - four of whom must be men who identify as gay, bisexual, queer or same sex attracted, four women who identify as gay, lesbian, bisexual, Committee of Management is responsible for the day to day running of the organisation, and each member usually heads a portfolio or working group.
Current Committee members include:
Convenors.
The current convenor is Anna Brown

</doc>
<doc id="19556089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556089" title="The Fire that Consumes">
The Fire that Consumes

The Fire that Consumes is an English translation of the 1955 play by French dramatist Henry de Montherlant, La Ville dont le Prince est un enfant. The play was translated by Vivian Cox with Bernard Miles, and staged at the London West End Mermaid Theatre in 1977. The title, literally translated, "The City Whose Prince is a Child", is taken from Ecclesiastes 10:16: ""Woe to thee, O land, when thy king is a child, and thy princes eat in the morning!""
Summary.
A Roman Catholic priest, Abbot Pradts is obsessed with Sevrais, one of schoolboys and vies for his attention.

</doc>
<doc id="19556093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556093" title="Armin Schibler">
Armin Schibler

Armin Schibler (Kreuzlingen am Bodensee, 20 February 1920 – Zurich, 7 September 1986) was a Swiss composer.
Biography.
A high school student in the town of Aarau, he studied music under Walter Frey and Paul Müller in Zurich. From 1942 to 1945, he was the pupil of Willy Burkhard. He later went to England to perfect his training where he would meet notable contemporaries Benjamin Britten and Michael Tippett. Other peers included Wolfgang Fortner, Ernst Křenek, René Leibowitz and Theodor W. Adorno. From 1944, he was the professor of music at the Zurich Literary School.
Selected works.
As a composer of operas, orchestral choirs, Lieder and chamber music, his works are characterized by harmonious pacing and a preference for counterpoint. He also used serial composition.

</doc>
<doc id="19556094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556094" title="Alcazar (Paris)">
Alcazar (Paris)

The Alcazar (later Alcazar d'Hiver) was a Café-concert which opened in 1858, located at 10 Rue du Faubourg Poissonière in Paris, and closed in 1902.
This café-concert was first directed by Joseph Mayer, then by Arsène Goubert who attracted the singer Thérésa (Emma Valladon) from her position at the Eldorado. She sang for the first time as a comic actress and gained a triumph, becoming the first true star of the café-concert.
Goubert acquired another establishment, on the Champs-Elysées, which he called "Alcazar d'Été", logically renaming the "Alcazar" to "Alcazar d'Hiver". On the departure of Thérésa, the place often changed names and proprietors. It was demolished in 1902 to be replaced by offices.
References.
François Caradec & Alan Weill, "Le Café-Concert", Fayard, 2007 (in French)

</doc>
<doc id="19556096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556096" title="Samuel Renn">
Samuel Renn

Samuel Renn (10 June 1786 – 11 January 1845) was an English organ builder who ran a business in Stockport, and later he traded in Manchester.
Renn was born in Kedleston, Derbyshire and in 1799 was apprenticed to his uncle, James Davis, an organ builder in London. Renn became his foreman and supervised organ installations and maintenance in London and in Lancashire. When Davis retired Renn went into partnership with John Boston and traded as Renn & Boston in Stockport from 1822 to 1825 and then in Manchester. He died in Manchester in 1845.
Renn developed a factory system for building organs, using standardised dimensions, thereby reducing the costs, while continuing to produce artistic designs. Between 1822 and 1845 over 100 organs were produced by Renn. Their musical properties have been praised by critics and material from the organs has frequently been re-used in their restorations. Many of the organs have been lost due to closure of churches. The best surviving Renn organ is in St Philip's Church, Salford.

</doc>
<doc id="19556099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556099" title="Château de Brest">
Château de Brest

The Château de Brest is a castle in Brest, Finistère, France. The oldest monument in the town, it is located at the mouth of the river Penfeld at the heart of the roadstead of Brest, one of the largest roadsteads in the world. From the Roman castellum to Vauban's citadel, the site has over 1700 years of history, holding right up to the present day its original role as a military fortress and a strategic location of the highest importance. It is thus the oldest castle in the world still in use, and was classified as a monument historique on 21 March 1923 [http://www.culture.gouv.fr/public/mistral/merimee_fr?ACTION=RETROUVER&FIELD_1=cmer1&VALUE_1=brest&FIELD_2=cmer4&VALUE_2=&FIELD_3=cmer5&VALUE_3=&FIELD_4=AUTR&VALUE_4=&FIELD_5=cmer2&VALUE_5=&FIELD_6=titre&VALUE_6=&FIELD_7=PROT&VALUE_7=&FIELD_8=DOSURLP&VALUE_8=%20&NUMBER=1&GRP=0&REQ=%28%28brest%29%20%3aLOCA%2cPLOC%2cINSEE%20%29&USRNAME=nobody&USRPWD=4%24%2534P&SPEC=9&SYN=1&IMLY=&MAX1=1&MAX2=100&MAX3=100&DOM=Tous].
The structure's heterogeneous architecture has been the result of continual adaptations to developments in siege warfare and armament on land and sea. The château stands on the opposite bank to the Tour Tanguy combining to defend the entrance to the Penfeld.
An ideal geographic location.
The Roadstead of Brest, well-protected by a narrow "goulet" but sufficiently large to allow ships to turn or move, forms a natural harbour. Its dimensions make it a small inland sea, capable of receiving the largest fleets. It is so vast that it offers a protected haven for ships.
This haven is fed by the river Penfeld from the north, running off the plateaus of Léon. Its lower course is winding, with high raised banks that break strong winds. Even heavy-tonnage vessels can berth safely in this vast and substantial area. The cape that divides the roadstead from the bay has four sides, three of which are defended by nature and with a fourth side that needs fortification but which is still easily defensible. This unique site gives the castle major strategic significance
The castle was thus built on a rocky outcrop carved out which the river has cut into the cliff at its mouth in the estuary. Since the place overlooks and dominates the sea, it controls access to the Penfeld and the lower reaches of the Elorn towards Landerneau, all whilst overlooking a major part of the roadstead and its entrance : the Goulet de Brest.
History.
Origins.
The site was inhabited during the Lower Palaeolithic (300,000 BC) and in the Neolithic agricultural activity occurred on the site. Other coastal populations are known in the 6th and 4th centuries BC and the rocky spur was occupied until the end of the Iron Age. Its remarkable position allows a hypothesis that the site held a prehistoric fortification, but the first fort of which evidence remains is from the Roman era.
Around 500 BC, a tribe of merchants and sailors in leather barks known as the Osismii peopled the region. To them are to be attributed the gold coinage discovered around Brest, as well as a road predating the Roman presence in the area. The tribe's territory (roughly equivalent to today's Finistère) was bordered to the south by the territory of the Veneti and to the east by that of the Curiosolites, with its capital at and Vorgium (Carhaix). This end of the world (Finis terrae) only saw Roman occupation very late in the Roman period.
Roman era.
From Roman coinage found on the site, it appears that the Romans were present there at least by the reign of the emperor Septimus Severus (193-211). The Roman province of Armorica thus had to face Saxon raids. To face the barbarian invasion threat and the disintegration of the Roman empire, it became necessary to create forts at Brest and several other sites along these coasts.
The Romans erected a defensive work at the end of the 3rd century. This camp or "castellum" housed 1000 men of a troop, headed by a prefect, as well as a fleet designed to intercept pirate ships. Only one of its walls now survives - these foundations were encased in the ramparts of the present castle, extending for 120-140m in length, on an average height of 3-4m.
These begin from the base of the wall. In large part interred under the false-wall of the castle or under the carpark, it remains visible at 2-3m high. Their external appearance is characteristically Roman, with brick and stone alternating in "opus mixtum", sometimes arranged in "fish-bone" pattern. This 4m thick fortified wall, with 10 cylindrical towers, defends the point and forms a bar across the spur. The absence of Roman remains inside the castle suggests it was a purely military work and not also a civil oppidum. The section of the razed towers at ground level remains visible in the false wall.
It seems that the Romans did not entirely complete the fortified wall since their presence here was short-lived. At this era it is possible that the sea coast was simply defended by a ditch and palisade. 1832 saw the discovery of the foundations of a round tower, Roman in appearance, near what is now the tour de Brest.
The wall was certainly completed as a curtain wall on 3 sides, in a regular trapezoid, with 12 turrets on each side. Another Gallo-Roman remain survives - a 1.4m wide postern, demolished in the Middle Ages (its stones and bricks survive in the tour Madeleine).
The counts of Léon.
From the Romans' departure (410-420) until the 11th century, little is known as to the history of the "castellum" at Brest. It remained a stronghold and thus belonged to the counts of Léon, whilst a town developed at the foot of the Roman enclosure. In 537, count Elven held court at Brest. His daughter, Azenor, is the subject of a legend and she has thus given her name to one of the castle's towers.
Around 1064 or 1065, duke Conan II (or possibly Léon Morvan II, one of the vicomtes de Léon) ordered the renovation of the castle, cutting a moat around it and building a chapel within the enclosure, dedicated to "Notre Dame de Pitié" (destroyed in 1819), and a keep (perhaps in the northern corner of the fortifications).
In 1240, the castle passed to the duke of Brittany, John I, and became an essential part of the duchy's defence system. Hervé IV left the place, HQ of the counts of Léon, to avoid a confrontation and in return for 100 livres of rent. The loss of the castle and attempts to retake it sounded the death knell of the county of Léon.
The castle remained unbeaten by the Normans. During this period was built the tour César, possibly on the ruins of a Gallo-Roman tower. It blocked all access to the rocky outcrop. The tour Azenor and the curtain wall onto which it is built also date to this time.
The dukes of Brittany.
The 'burg' expanded and left the castle. One of the two earliest burgs was situated beside Recouvrance (right bank) at the foot of what is now called the Tour Tanguy, and the other, larger and more enclosed one in front of the castle (left bank).
In return for services rendered, Philip IV of France made John II a peer, but John's death led to a 22 year war of succession in the dukedom. In 1341, John, count of Montfort, half-brother of John III, fought Charles de Blois (husband of Jeanne de Penthièvre) for the dukedom. It was vital for John to capture Brest's castle, to prevent it becoming a refuge for his enemies or a landing-point for his enemies' ally Edward III of England. To make certain his siege would be successful, he ensured he had a large numerical superiority and powerful siege engines to batter a breach in the walls, but even so the assault lasted several days. The castle's captain Garnier de Clisson was killed in a counter-attack when he was trapped outside the walls by the closed portcullis, and so the defenders surrendered on the condition that their lives would be spared. This was the last time the castle would be taken by force. John of Montfort restored the buildings he had damaged in the siege and added to the defences, putting in place a garrison under Tanguy du Chastel, who built Brest's first enclosure.
On 7 September, the court of peers decided in favour of Charles de Blois's right to the duchy, and at the end of the year John of Montfort was imprisoned in the Louvre. His wife Jeanne of Flanders returned to the castle to shelter within its walls and sent an emissary to Edward III to seek an alliance. Thus the English set up a base in the castle thanks to the political disorders of August 1342, giving them control of the maritime route used by their trading ships and military convoys from 1342 to 1397. William of Rohan, earl of Northampton, headed the base with the title of lieutenant-general of Brittany, and Edward rejoined them in Brest 2 months later to support the rights of Montfort.
The Treaty of Guérande of 12 April 1365 concluded that women could only lay claim to the duchy of Brittany should there be no legitimate male heirs to the House of Brittany. John of Montfort rendered homage to Charles V of France and so Edward III no longer had any reason to continue his military presence at the castle. However, the place was too important to give up and Montfort was still financially dependent on England. Thus Charles V let Montfort off participating in the war he then launched on Edward III, but Montfort played a double game and passed a treaty on 21 February 1372 to open his lands to English troops even though Duguesclin and Clisson were marching from Brittany against him. Concarneau was captured.
In the spring the Breton lords seized the duchy's principal lands, denouncing their overlord, siding with the French king, rallying around the viscount of Rohan and charging constable Du Guesclin with hunting down the English. Montfort fled Brest for England on 28 April 1373 and the constable won victory after victory, retaking Concarneau and finally ending up before the walls of Brest castle in August. Command of English forces in the east had been entrusted to Sir John Neville under the authority of lieutenant-general Robert Knowles, with Brest's garrison under the famous English captains Robert Kermoulés and Fenville. After three weeks of siege Du Guesclin concluded a 6-week truce to begin on 6 July. At the end of that period, Kermoulés promised to hand Brest castle over to the besiegers' if no other help reached its defenders by then and under the condition that the place could not be re-supplied. The constable left the siege under the command of Olivier de Clisson to rejoin the duke of Anjou at the siege of the château de Derval. Clisson used the truce period to build the fort du Conquet. On 2 August, the English fleet under Salisbury (who also took over command of the castle) disembarked supplies and reinforcements which definitively rendered the castle impregnable.
The Treaty of Bruges of 27 June 1375 marked an armistice between France and England, and officially handed Brest's castle over to John of Montfort, though the town remained under English protection and Montfort was forced to return to England that September. In 1378 the Duke of Montfort was declared Duke of Brittany under the name John IV. He pursued Jean de Blois, with Charles V of France taking his side. John IV thus sought help from England and passed a new treaty, handing the castle over to Richard II of England. The English disembarked reinforcements on 15 June and fought off an attack on the castle by French royal troops under the viscount of Rohan and including the lords of Laval, Léon, Clisson and Beaumanoir.
Returning to Brittany in 1379, John IV was welcomed by the Breton lords, who nevertheless criticized his pro-English stance. The Duke of Brittany demanded in vain the return of his lands and, irritated by his English parent's bad faith, he besieged Brest in 1386. Olivier De Clisson joined him on behalf of Charles VI of France. Knowing a direct assault on the castle was impossible, they built two forts (one in stone and the other in wood) to blockade it, but these were attacked and destroyed by the English. The attack was renewed the following year and, to prevent the castle being relieved by sea, a new wooden fort was built on boats placed in the middle of the goulet and at the entrance to the roadstead, raised on supporting stones on either bank. However, the English captain Henry Percy ruined the wooden fort and captured the two others.
The peace-treaty drawn up between France and England by Charles VI and Richard II meant that finally, on 28 March 1397, the Duke of Brittany was given back his lands. Jean Periou, lord of Mesguéant, became captain of Brest castle and Brittany's ships once again anchored below it. John IV said "he is not lord of Brittany who is not lord of Brest", but only occupied the castle for 2 years, dying on 2 November 1399.
The town developed very slowly, whilst the castle's perimeter expanded toward the west. The defended entrance was reinforced by a "châtelet", probably consisting of a wooden walkway and towers.
Ducal castle.
The war re-erupted in 1403. John V was in his turn captured during the war between France and England. It was this era which truly gave birth to the town and port of Brest, to the detriment of the castle. The two banks were the objects of attack one after the other. In 1405 the castle's old captain, the earl of Huntingdon, burned the fleet of the count of Marche which was anchored in the Penfeld. John V marched on Brest at the head of 2,200 men, and he was joined by the Marshal of Rieux with 700 men at arms and Tanguy du Chatel with his peasants armed with pitchforks. Exacerbated by the English exactions, Huntingdon and his troop made them carve a piece. The Admiral of Brittany, John of Penhoat, left Roscoff and concluded the battle by destroying and capturing 40 ships and 2,000 men. The English were repulsed once more in 1453 by the garrison of Jean de Quelennec, vicomte du Faou and Admiral of Brittany, though Crozon was pillaged and burned in reprisal.
The 15th century was one of great works to adapt to new weapons and developments in defensive works. The castle's commanders (the comte de Languevez, 1405 - Éon Phelips, 1407 - Tanguy de Kermorvan, 1424) restored the castle and made it proof against siege engines. As in other fortified towns of the era, the duke built a fortified residence with the aim of making his stays in Brest more pleasant and more secure. He thus added the tour Duchesse Anne, the tour Nord and the tour Azenor (which became a cellar), a kitchen, rooms, lodgings and a chapel. The collection of towers was linked by curtain walls and formed a true "closed-town" lordly castle.
Duchess Anne of Brittany.
Charles VIII concretely set his sights on the duchy of Brittany by the capture of Guingamp on 10 January 1489 by the viscount of Rohan and his troops. Concerned for Brest, duchess Anne directed the lord of Kérousy to reinforce it, but the castle opened its gates to the viscount of Rohan (doubtless aided by the treason of the castle's captain).
Like her predecessors, Anne initially allied herself with England. She returned Concarnaeu and Brest to Henry VII of England and the new Anglo-Breton alliance led to 22 vessels blockading Brest by sea and a strong army with high-quality artillery besieging it by land. However, the marshal of Rieux and admiral Bizien de Kérousy had to give way before the forces sent under Guillaume Carreau to defend Brest. A French squadron under Graville and reinforced by the Malouins of Jean de Porcon, put an Anglo-Breton fleet to flight and re-supplied the besieged castle. Harassed by the French, Rieux had no choice but to abandon it.
As a sign of his sovereignty, Charles VIII ordered that the French coat of arms be placed below the ravelin's gate. Anne of Brittany's marriage to Charles VIII on 6 December 1491, then to Louis XII of France on 17 January 1499, definitively put the castle under French royal control.
Anne of Brittany, Queen of France.
In April 1505, the French king was gravely ill and Anne, his queen, decided to make a pilgrimage in the month of August to ask for his recovery. Her procession left Blois for Brittany. Her squire Gilles of Texue accompanied her, as did princes and lords of France and Breton barons and gentlemen. Anne began on the Tro Breizh, a pious pilgrimage for Bretons around Brittany, visiting seven cathedrals dedicated to their founding saints and inspecting her domains and fortifications as she passed from town to town and castle to castle - Nantes, Vannes, Hennebont, Quimper, Locronan. Jean d'Auton wrote in his chronicles of Louis XII that:
Arriving at Le Folgoët on 19 August, the end of her pilgrimage, Anne showed a desire to continue to Brest and contemplate the powerful castle that her father Francis II had embellished and modernised and the large nef "Marie La Cordelière", one of the largest warships of the era.
Important works of fortification were begun at the castle throughout the 15th century. The castle was adapted for the new weapon of the age - artillery. To make its medieval curtain walls withstand metal cannon balls they were thickened by 5m and the tour Madeleine was built, then the tour Paradis, a logis-porte to defend the entrance.
At the end of August, the queen's imposing court arrived at the castle gates. The bells of the castle's chapel to the Trinity rang to welcome her and she descended from her white-framed travelling-litter. Escorted by several gentlemen, surrounded by ladies in waiting, and followed by valets and piqueurs, she crossed the drawbridge of the first ditch surrounding the ravelin. This triangular work commanding the main gate was at this era known as a moineau or cornichon. Crowned with machicolis, this work covered casemates with loopholes. Its ogivale gate was adorned with the French coat-of-arms surrounded by the cordon of Saint-Michel and surmounted by an open fleur-de-lys crown. Passing through it, Anne doubtless saw this symbol, carved in Breton stone 16 years before as a reminder of the castle's submission to France. Her procession finally entered the castle proper across the drawbridge of the Porte Royale. This gate with an open door, closed by a "herse", has an ogivale opening. This collection of buildings was covered by the Tours Paradis - two semicircular towers crowned with machicoulis and tiles. In this era, the curtain walls on both sides of it were still flanked by their Gallo-Roman turrets.
Within the walls there was little new construction work, barring the chapel to the Trinity where pious queen Anne was received. The city overall consisted of modest houses, having expanded up to the border of the castle enclosure. (At the end of the 15th century it had 260 houses, making around 1300 inhabitants.)
The queen and her small court marked a path running along a ravine at the foot of which was a fountain and washhouses giving access to a postern which gave onto a forward work entitled "Fer à cheval". In this era there was no quay and so the rotonda was washed by the sea. It was from this building that they could admire "La Cordelière". Back under sail, the carrack "Amirale" was resplendent under the castle walls. The port had no military fleet. Its position off the major trade routes meant that it was not a busy port, but the fortress continued to have major strategic significance, holding around 500 men and with the most important armament in the whole of Brittany (100 firearms, including nearly 50 cannons).
When duchess Anne stayed at the castle, it was no longer only a fortress but also a modern and spacious ducal residence, hosting noble visitors in its keep. It was in the keep that the dukes of Brittany stayed during their stays in Brest, reached by a third bridge across a ditch and entering via a low-architrave arched gate, showing a lion hold the shield of Brittany. However, their large court was used to larger spaces. The Tour du Midi (despite its great hall and oratory with Gothic windows), the lordly kitchens and the vast roads were not enough and so the queen did not remain long in Brest.
The league.
Rosampoul, son of Jérôme de Carné, became the castle's captain on 12 June 1580 and rallied to the League, but he was little appreciated by the population and quickly had to give over the captaincy to Guy de Rieux, lord of Châteauneuf. The king's lieutenant general was handed over thanks to these relations in the town, at the end of September 1589. The faithful Guy de Rieux held Brest for the Protestant king Henry IV. The situation at Brest was secure enough for the new governor to leave the following year for the siege of Hennebont. His arms are now to be seen on the tour Duchesse Anne. The command of Brest next passed to his brother René de Rieux, lord of Sourdéac, who also mounted vigorous anti-League operations.
In 1592, the royal seat of justice was transferred to Saint-Renan. In June, 5 to 6,000 League troops invested Recouvrance, to try to make the citadel fall. Supported by the Spanish, they besieged the castle in vain for 5 months. The garrison repulsed the assaults and cut the besiegers to pieces. As a reward for the faithful services, on 31 December 1593 the inhabitants of Brest received the rights of bourgeoisie "like the inhabitants of Bordeaux".
Convinced that a siege of Brest was doomed to fail, the League troops decided the following spring to blockade the roadstead and starve the castle into surrender. They counted on help from their Spanish allies, who had been present in Brittany for two years. Elisabeth came to the aid of Henry IV, deploying 2,400 men in the Léon. Uncertain of Elisabeth's intentions, Sourdéac refused to host an English garrison equal to that of the French and thereby to respect the terms of the treaty signed by the king as a collateral for loans from England.
12 Spanish vessels disembarked their men and materials in spring 1594 at Camaret. Colonel Don Juan del Aquila disembarked the men and materials needed to build an important fortification. Built on what is now called pointe des Espagnols by Cristobal de Rojas and named "Castilla de Léon", it possessed a strategic position facing the English coasts. It also aimed to make them master of Brest castle by blocking its access to the sea through the Goulet at its narrowest point. Its guns' field of fire crossed with those of another battery built on the north bank of the Goulet and thus blocked all resupply of Brest by sea. Headed by Jean, duke of Aumont, marshal of France and aided by the English ships and troops, the royal army besieged the fort from mid-October. It was strongly defended by 400 Spanish farouches under captain Praxède. Despite 3,000 Frenchmen, 2,000 Englishmen, 300 mounted arquebusiers and 400 gentlemen, it only finally fell on 18 November 1594.
Vauban's citadel.
In 1631, wishing to give France a strong navy, cardinal Richelieu began works at Brest, which he had as a favour. It was at this era that it became a true military port.
However, it was Colbert, effectively Minister for the Navy, who gave Brest a real boost to its growth by his development of its arsenal from 1669 onwards. The intendant Pierre Chertemps de Seuil was responsible for the initial construction projects on the arsenal between 1670 and 1680. Reinforced and modernised, the castle still defended the premier port of the royal fleet. In 1680, a new battery completed the castle to the south-west to guarantee the defence of the harbour entrance. To the north-east an imposing bastioned fort "à la Vauban" protected the harbour approaches. The town's population thus began to expand substantially, especially when it was merged with Recouvrance in 1681. Pierre Massiac de Sainte-Colombe's project for modernising the defences of the town, arsenal and their surroundings was initiated that year and taken over and transformed by Vauban in May 1683 to 1695. He destroyed the last Roman towers and the pepper-pot roofs of the keep. In this era the defences protected the castle effectively against attack from the sea, but the fortress had to defend above all against a landborne attack should an English fleet succeed in disembarking troops on the coast. The castle became a citadel, overlooking the town, the countryside and their surroundings all at once.
A glacis, a covered road and half-moons prolonged the fortifications on the landward side. The parapets were redesigned and given plunging embrasures. To form a vast artillery platform, the tour Duchesse Anne and the tour Nord were linked by a new work. Only the tours Paradis retained the medieval appearance. The curtain walls were widened, and a fausse-braie built to reinforce the wall between tour Madeleine and the tours Paradis against artillery fire. Batteries at the mouth of the goulet, at Camaret and Bertheaume, were also built. The interventions of Vauban were the last major stage in the castle's evolution.
Statue of Louis XVI.
In 1785, Louis XVI launched a major construction project at the castle to mark his recognition of the town. Leadership of this project of was put under the direction of M. Jallier de Savault. Notably he oversaw the erection at the town's highest point of a monumental statue of Louis. It would have to be built on the site of the tour César.
The project was made up of, at the end of the rue du château, an oval "place d'armes", planted in trees. From this place to the extremity of the Parc-au-Duc, the rue Royale, a wide street allowed it to face the roadstead.
This project would, without qualms, have erased 14 centuries of history, but in April 1788 the Comte d'Hector, commander of the French Navy, declared that the project was incompatible with the naval works he envisaged on the Parc-au-Duc site Events, in any case, would have prevented the plan being carried out.
Second World War - the final siege.
Brest fell into German hands on 19 June 1940 and the citadel was occupied by their troops, with the tours Paradis once again serving as a prison (this time for those condemned to deportation). From a terre-plein reclaimed from the sea in 1931, the Germans built underground works into the cliff from which the castle could be accessed.
After the Germans' retreat following D-Day, "Fortress Brest" became one of the pockets of German resistance. It was commanded by general Ramcke, of the 2nd Parachutist Division. In August 1944, Allied troops arrived in front of Brest's ramparts. The civil populated was invited to evacuate on 7 August. The place du Château was particularly affect by the bombardments of 14 August in preparation for an assault. On 25th general Ramcke issued the order "I count on every parachutist doing his duty to the utmost with a fanatical zeal. The 1st Division was immortalised at Monte Cassino. The 2nd will be immortalised at Brest."
The castle was the subject of bombardment again from the afternoon of 2 September, with the pont National being destroyed the following day. The drama of the explosion at the abri Sadi-Carnot occurred on the night of 8/9 September. The siege of the town lasted 43 days and it finally fell to the Allied force under general Middleton on 18 September. After having refused to surrender, general Ramcke left for Crozon with a handful of fanatics, but ended up giving himself up on 23 September. Although it bore scars from the fighting, the castle remained firmly established on its bedrock, though the barracks built by the Nazis had been razed and would not be rebuilt.
Today.
The last buildings were ceded to the French Navy in 1945 and restoration of the whole castle began, for it to house the Maritime Prefecture for the Second Region and the commander-in-chief for the Atlantic. The seat of the maritime commander had until then been in hôtel Saint-Pierre, since 23 September 1797. A new central building was built to designs by the architects Niermans and Gutb, and completed and occupied in 1953. Its great gallery leading to the Directors' Council Room houses the portrait of the prefect's 150 predecessors since 1636.
The maritime prefect's residence replaced the signal station on Parc au Duc, which had itself been replaced by a watchtower built at the top of the tour César. The underground works built by the Germans house the naval command centre for the Atlantic and for the Force océanique stratégique.
Architecture.
13th century- The tour César.
Dating to the 3rd century, the tour César was built on the possible remains of a Gallo-Roman tower, and this is one of the possible origins of its name. It has served as an office, lodgings, prison, magazine and finally supporting the signal station controlling movements in the port.
It stands in front of the south-west facade, to which it is attached by two curtain walls forming a redoubt. A postern with a drawbridge allows the tower to be accessed from outside the castle. Although sealed off, this postern is visible from the garden of the prefect's residence.
Keep.
Located in the north-east angle of the enclosure, the keep is actually the former citadel of the medieval closed-town and the heart of the medieval defensive system, forming a small castle on its own isolated from the rest of the site. In origin it was made up of three main towers linked by curtain walls - to the south, the tour Duchesse Anne, to the north the tour du Donjon, to the west the tour Azénor. The main entrance was from the west, formed of a crenelated gate and a drawbridge across the moat separating the citadel from the rest of the castle-town. This collection of works formed a polygonal courtyard, at 2.2m below present ground level, housing a well, oubliettes and several underground rooms.
Flanked by the bastion de Sourdéac, with one tower of the keep reinforced, the keep was completed by Vauban from 1683 onwards. One wall and vaulted rooms linked the tour du Midi and the tour du Donjon, and the keep's pepper-pot roofs vanished in favour of vast platforms for powerful artillery pieces. Finally, in the 19th century, the keep was pierced by bays. The first floor now houses the main rooms of the port archive, and the upper floor houses an oratory and the library of the French Navy.
The tour Azenor (13th century).
The present tower was built in the 13th century on the ruins of the previous one. Its two lower levels are accessible from the courtyard via a staircase built into the thickness of the wall. They serve as stores and magazines. The two upper levels, reserved for habitation, are cut off from the roads and reached from a wall-walk. Inside these floors are octagonal rooms, whose plans do not exactly superimpose one floor on the other. They have been little modified apart from Vauban's alteration to the roof. It was abandoned in the 19th century and the only access is from the courtyards, the main entrance having been neglected.
Its name originates in the legend of Princess Azenor reported to us by the Dominican Albert Le Grand in his "Lives of the Saints". It is a common hagiographic plot, also adapted in Chaucer's "The Man of Law's Prologue and Tale" in his "The Canterbury Tales".
Even, lord of Brest, had only one child, named Azenor. Around 537, she married the Count of Goëlo. The young married couple set themselves up in a castle built by King Audren (Chatelaudren). Widowed, Even remarried, and Azenor's stepmother never ceased to embarrass her stepdaughter. Jealous, she swore to get rid of Azenor. She accused her of adultery with the aid of false witnesses. The count of Goëlo believed this calumny and the princess was shut up in the castle's darkest tower. Condemned to death, she escaped the stake when it was learned she was pregnant. The judges, probably bought for gold, condemned her to be placed in a barrel and set adrift at sea. The barrel floated for 5 months. Each day, an angel visited the daughter of the prince of Léon to bring her all she needed. After a perilous voyage, Azenor landed on the bank of the Beauport in Ireland, where she gave birth to a son. She named him Budoc, or 'saved from the waters', and he became a great saint. Her stepmother's death, during her exile, avowing the truth to Azenor's husband. He decided to set out to look for her to pardon her and take her back as his wife, but he died on their return after having searched long for her, followed shortly afterwards by his wife. Even welcomed his grandson to his court and raised him to the nobility.
The tour de la Duchesse Anne (or tour du midi) (14th century).
This tower initially formed the castle's tour du logis during the Middle Ages. Its defensive side was turned towards the inside of the enclosure and on each of its four levels it had one rectangular and one hexagonal room. Its construction and its modifications gave it an increasingly perfect autonomy. It housed a kitchen, apartments, cellars pierced by firing-embrasures, an internal gallery and lighting bays. It contained an oratory within the governor's apartments.
The armouries of Guy de Rieux (1589).
In 1589, the castle's governor embraced the Catholic League, but Guy de Rieux, captain of the royal army, made him hand Brest over, thus becoming the only Breton city to back Henry IV. De Rieux's arms were carved in the castle's stones (1589). He died at sea returning from the siege of Hennebont in Morbihan in December 1590, and was succeeded by his brother. After the Second World War these arms were found in rubble near the keep and embedded in the wall of the keep in restoration work during the 1950s.
The bastion Sourdéac (16th century).
Several attempted English landings in the mid-16th century on this site solidified the threat of attack against the castle and encouraged the French to build a stronger fortification there. The work of an Italian engineer, Pietro Frédance, this trapezoid-plan bastion envelops the keep on its northern side and protects it from landborne attack. The first stone of it was laid in December 1560 and its construction took 37 years.
It is made up of a vast artillery platform and a set of underground casemates whose wide embrasures cover the entrance to the port. It is reached by a wide staircase opening into the keep's courtyard. A small staircase serves a guichet (now obstructed) at the foot of the bastion, at the outside of these casemates. A counter-mine gallery bypasses the foundations of tour du donjon at 15m underground, below the terre-plein. Off it leads a second series of casemates, covering the main gate and the north couryard of the façade. These are now buried under a parking embankment. The collection of works is topped off by échauguettes placed at its corners, such as figureheads.
The tour du donjon (16th century).
Built in 1597 by Sourdéac, on the site of a ruined (probably Gallo-Roman) tower.
The barracks in 1894.
A - Paradis Barracks
B - Site Offices and Intendent's Offices, former civil prison (1822–1859)
C - Esplanade Barracks, serving the infirmary, backed by the south curtain wall (some remains)
D - Plougastel Barracks, built 1591 - 1624 by Sourdéac (classed as a historic monument in 1923)
E - Monsieur Barracks, serving the armoury (1822–1825)
F - César Barracks (completed in 1766)
G - Armoury, on the site of the lodgings for the site's major and for the king's lieutenant
H - Artillery magazines, built in 1777 and 1624 by Sourdéac (classed as a historic monument in 1923)
The Triumph of Amphitrite.
Becoming a historic monument in its own right, the base of the "Triomphe d'Amphitrite" is in the courtyard of the Préfecture Maritime. This pedestal, with a statue and fountain inaugurated in 1803, is adorned with three tritons fixed to a column pouring out water into three basins. It is the work of the engineer Tarbé de Vauxclairs.
The white marble statue of Amphitrite by Antoine Coysevox, taken from the jardins de Marly where they formed part of the 1706 cascade de Marly by the Consulate, was set up by the Préfet maritime Caffarelli near the building now known as porte Tourville. Prefect Chaucheprat had it transplanted from the square (then being redesigned) to the gardens of the home of the Préfecture Maritime from 1800 to 1944, the former hôtel Saint-Pierre on the south side of the rue de Siam in the town centre. In 1940 Brest artistic and historical treasures were kept in safety in the château de Kerjean, and on the liberation the pedestal was dimsantled and reerected in the castle and the statue moved to the musée du Louvre.
Musée national de la Marine.
Since 1955, the castle has also housed collections from the Musée national de la Marine. This makes it a kind of heir to the ship models room installed on the first floor of the sculpture workshop in the Brest arsenal in 1826. The collections evacuated during the Second World War were transferred into the tours Paradis in 1958. An extension to the museum in the keep was completed in 1985.
It displays famous sculptures by Yves Collet (Mars, Amphitrite, Minerve and Neptune, guarding the road), ship models, sculptures paintings and other objects related to the development of the prison, the military port, the naval constructions and maritime life of Brest.

</doc>
<doc id="19556102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556102" title="Olive Pigeon">
Olive Pigeon

The Olive Pigeons are four Pigeon species, named for their association with Olive ("Olea") species. They have a maroon tone to the speckled plumage, and inhabit cool, montane forests of Africa and its associated islands. 

</doc>
<doc id="19556103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556103" title="John Bone (bishop)">
John Bone (bishop)

John Frank Ewan Bone (born on 28 August 1930) was the Bishop of Reading from 1989 until 1996.
He was educated at Monkton Combe School and St Peter's College, Oxford before embarking on an ecclesiastical career with a curacy at "St Gabriel's, Warwick Square". After incumbencies at Datchet and Slough he was appointed Rural Dean of Burnham and then (his final appointment before ordination to the episcopacy) Archdeacon of Buckingham.

</doc>
<doc id="19556111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556111" title="The Music Hall (Toronto)">
The Music Hall (Toronto)

The Music Hall is a theatre on Danforth Avenue in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Opening.
Originally constructed as a movie theatre in 1919, the building was first known as the "Allen's Danforth", after its owner the Allen Theatre Chain. Promoted as "Canada’s First Super-Suburban Photoplay Palace", the theatre opened in the midst of both a building boom along Danforth Avenue (due to the opening of the Prince Edward Viaduct) and a boom in the construction of movie theatres following the First World War. Allen's Danforth opened on August 18, 1919, and the first feature film shown was Goldwyn Pictures' "Through the Wrong Door" starring Madge Kennedy.
Architecture.
Although the Danforth theatre was one of the jewels in the Allen chain, it followed the same general architectural style of all Allen theatres. Instead of the heavy ornamentation that characterized many cinemas of the period, the interiors were primarily intended to be spacious and comfortable, with muted and complementary colours, and restrained classical plaster detailing. Building exteriors were symmetrical, typically containing both Palladian and Georgian Revival elements, including repeating low-relief classical ornamentation. The front façade of the Danforth theatre still features most of its original architectural features, including extensive patterned brickwork (Flemish bond and herringbone), opal glass windows and a marquee of chains. Stylized "AT" symbols, representing the Allen Theatre chain, also remain on the façade.
Post-Allen incarnations.
In 1923, the Allen chain was facing financial pressures, and most of its theatres were acquired by the Famous Players chain. The name of Allen's Danforth was changed to "the Century", and was managed by Famous Players subsidiary, the B&F chain. The theatre remained a first-run movie house until the late 1960s, and subsequently served as a Greek language cinema known as the "Titania Theatre" from 1970 to 1978. The theatre gained the Music Hall name when it started featuring live acts in the late 1970s. Later it began showing second-run films, ultimately becoming part of Toronto's Festival Chain of repertory cinemas in 1998. Over the years, a number of films have had scenes filmed in the theatre, including Chicago, How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days, 54, Bulletproof Monk, Focus and .
Re-opening.
The theatre closed in 2004, and remained vacant for a year and a half. Age and neglect had taken their toll, and the building had almost deteriorated beyond repair. New owners acquired the theatre, retaining the Music Hall name, and renovated and restored it, including the installation of a new sound system and new seating. Operating as a venue for live performances, the theatre was named the Performing Arts Centre of the year (under 1500 capacity) at the 2008 Canadian Music Industry Awards. In August 2010, bailiffs seized the property and closed the theatre due to non-payment of rent. The venue was used for the occasional show during its closure, and has since been reopened December 1, 2011 under the ownership of Impresario Inc.
The Music Hall was designated as a property of historic interest under the Ontario Heritage Act in 1985.
The theatre is served by Broadview Station on the TTC's Bloor-Danforth line.

</doc>
<doc id="19556114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556114" title="Maria Abashova">
Maria Abashova

Maria Abashova (), is principal dancer at the Eifman Ballet of St. Petersburg. She studied at St. Pölten Ballet Conservatory, Austria.
Maria excelled and became acknowledged by critics in Anna's part in Anna Karenina ballet of Eifman Ballet.
"Built like an imperial Borzoi, Maria Abashova, as Anna, is eye riveting every moment she is on stage. Choreography that made the most of her physical attributes allowed her time and again to extend a line from fingertip to toe that seemed to stretch on forever. Voluminous skirted costumes reminiscent of Martha Graham's fluid jerseys, abetted the illusion of endless leg." 

</doc>
<doc id="19556115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556115" title="Poornam Vishwanathan">
Poornam Vishwanathan

Poornam Viswanathan () (1921–2008) was a theater artist and film actor in the Tamil film industry. He started performing on stage at age 18. He worked as a reader for All India Radio. He acted in movies such as "Chithram", "Varusham 16", "Thillu Mullu", "Keladi Kanmani", "Moondram Pirai", "Aasai", "Mahanadi" and "Varumaiyin Niram Sivappu". He has a son and two daughters. Viswanathan died on 1 October 2008.
Career.
Viswanathan was known for his remarkable performances in Tamil theatre and films. In every role he played, he paid great attention to dialogue delivery and body language.
He started performing on stage when he was 18. He later moved to New Delhi for a few years, where he was part of the South Indian Troupe, with renowned critic Subbudu. Viswanathan, who worked as news reader at All India Radio, deemed it a matter of great pride to have announced the news of India, obtaining independence in the first news bulletin broadcast on 15 August 1947.
He was transferred to chennai in 1964. His portrayal of roles in plays scripted by Marina, such as "Thanikuduthanam", "Oor Vambu" and "Kaal Kattu", won him great acclaim. His powerful portrayal of characters in plays such as "Kadavul Vandirundar", "Adimaigal" and "Oonjal" were similarly hailed by audiences. His passion for theatre inspired him to start a troupe of his own, called Poornam New Theatres.
He served the Press Information Bureau in chennai as assistant information officer and later served as editor of "Thittam" and senior correspondent of "Yojana", magazines brought out by the Union Information and Broadcasting Ministry. He penned several plays and short stories. He was very interested in the fine arts and was often spotted at sabhas during the December music festival.
He is very familiar in kollywood for his peculiar voice modulation. In the movies vijay's Thamizhan and kamal's mahanadhi, he has enhanced his acting by his voice very well. In the movie Thamizhan, he has acted as a poor old man who is fighting for his ticket balance 25 paise with a bus conductor. In mahanadhi, he made a role of Sukanya's father named as panjabi the short form of panjabakesan. Later on he will be a co-prisoner of kamal hassan.
He is also familiar with the Malayalam audience for his role in the blockbuster Chitram with Mohanlal.

</doc>
<doc id="19556118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556118" title="Louis Danto">
Louis Danto

Louis Harry Danto (May 2, 1929 - July 23, 2010) was a lyric tenor and cantor. He was acclaimed for his cantorial music, concert appearances and recordings of Italian, Russian, and French opera repertoire. Danto performed throughout North America, Europe and Israel, and recorded 24 solo albums.
Danto was recognized for the "rare beauty and purity of his voice, its mastery, power and control, and for his breathtaking emotional expressivity." After a performance at Carnegie Hall, Alan Rich of the "New York Times" wrote, "a voice of great beauty, clear and true — breathtaking, radiant, as though from another world." George Jellinek, broadcaster and music critic for "Stereo Review" magazine (USA), wrote of Louis Danto: "No other tenor under contract to a major U.S. opera company today can duplicate such technique and overall control."
Danto served as cantor at Beth Emeth Bais Yehuda synagogue (Toronto, Canada) from 1973 until his retirement in 1998. In 2005, he donated his historical collection of Jewish sheet music, recordings and books to the synagogue.
Biography.
Hersh Leib Marczuk (later Louis Danto) was born in Suwałki, a town in eastern Poland. As a child, he sang at his synagogue and performed as an alto soloist in the choirs of Jacob Berman and David Moshe Steinberg. During the 1939 partition of Poland by Nazi Germany and the USSR, his family moved eastward into Belarus in the Soviet zone. Soon afterwards, he won first prize with a Hebrew song in a children's singing competition in Baranovich, Belarus. During the competition, the Nazis invaded his city and murdered his entire family. Louis was fortunate enough to escape to Minsk. There he studied voice and cello at the local conservatory from 1939-1941. When Germany invaded Russia, Danto was moved once more this time with a group of other talented children deep into Russia where he continued his musical studies.
After the war, Danto moved to Rome to study voice with L. Samoshi. He caught the attention of world renowned singers Beniamino Gigli and Tito Schipa, who heralded him as a major discovery in the tradition of the great bel canto tenors. Danto went on to New York to study with Dr. Puegell. Before his arrival in the United States in 1950 he performed in Russia and Italy. In the following years his repertoire expanded to include Italian, French and Russian Opera, and Yiddish songs.
In 1954, Danto married Ada, with whom he had two daughters, Annette and Denise. After Ada's death, he married Rouhama, a native of Jerusalem, in 1969. They had a son, David.
Music career.
Louis Danto performed throughout the world to critical and popular acclaim. In December 1965, he chanted a special prayer at Tito Schipa's funeral in New York at the request of the family with leading singers from the Metropolitan Opera in attendance. In September 1984, he sang before Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip in Toronto's Maple Leaf Gardens to an inter-faith audience of 16,000 and millions of television viewers.
He recorded 24 solo albums for RCA, DaCamera, Musical Heritage Society, and Cadenza. The most recent recordings include "Arias and Songs of Love", made during his 1995 concert tour of Europe, recorded with the State Opera of Prague and "I Heard a Voice From Heaven" recorded with violist Rivka Golani, both released in the spring of 1996. In December 1997 he released "Music From The Soul of a People".
Danto studied Hazzanut with conductor Leo Low and composer Herman Zalis. He expanded his knowledge of Jewish sources at the Yeshiva of Mirr where he studied from 1950 to 1954. He served as a cantor at the Jewish Center of Atlantic Beach, New York, Park Synagogue in Cleveland, Ohio, Beth Emeth Bais Yehuda synagogue in Toronto. After his retirement from Beth Emeth Bais Yehuda in 1998, he was honoured with the title "Cantor Emeritas" and remained an important part of the synagogue.
During his 1989 East-European tour of Moscow, Leningrad, Odessa, Kiev and Budapest he discovered the manuscripts of many songs from the long-lost original classics of Jewish music, several of which he recorded for the first time on his "Gems of the Jewish Operetta" and "Masters of the Jewish Art Song/The St. Petersburg School".
In February 1998, Danto received an Honorary Doctorate in Music from the Jewish Theological Seminary in New York City.
Cantor Louis Danto Music Library.
Upon retirement, Danto announced his desire to dedicate his entire collection to Beth Emeth. His wish was approved at a general meeting in September 2004. The proposal included renovation of the Beth Emeth library as well as the construction of a stage and theatre seating 200, to permit performances of the great variety of Jewish music in his collection.
Authentic music from more than 100 years ago can be found in the collection. Some of the many examples of rare Jewish music include: "Yiddish Culture from Kiev", published in 1921; "Songs from Leipzig", published in 1920; an original edition of Avram Goldfaden's operetta "King Ahasverus", published in 1899, and "500 Years of Yiddish Poetry", published in New York in 1917.
The categories include cantorial music, classified down to specific prayers, so if one wants many versions of, for example, L’Cha Dodi, one can easily find each version in one particular file. Similar files can be found for Yiddish folk songs, Yiddish pop songs, Yiddish operettas, Sephardic songs, serious compositions for cantor and choir, Chassidic music, and, among other categories, Jewish music written by such non-Jewish composers as Handel, Schubert, Mussorgsky, Prokofiev and Shostakovich. Right now, some of the rare books can be seen in glass cases in the Beth Emeth Library. Most of them are still in organized files in a Beth Emeth storage room. But all of the collection can still be viewed by the general public upon supervised request. The music exists not only as sheet music but also as 78 and 33 rpm records, big reel-to-reel tapes, cassette tapes, and CDs.
The collection has been praised by a number of experts, including Professor Edwin Seroussi, the Emmanuel Alexandre Professor of Musicology and Director of Jewish Music Research Centre of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, and Dr Eliott Kahn, who has been the Music Archivist at the Library of the Jewish Theological Seminary for over 12 years.

</doc>
<doc id="19556127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556127" title="History of Harbin Institute of Technology">
History of Harbin Institute of Technology

Founded in 1920, Harbin Institute of Technology has developed into an important research university focusing on engineering with supporting faculties in the sciences, management, humanities and the social sciences. In 1954, it was named one of the six key institutions of higher education in the People's Republic of China and has subsequently enjoyed government sponsorship. In 1984, it was listed in the top 15 universities receiving financial support. In 1999, the Chinese government chose HIT as one of nine universities to receive special financing to transform into better institutions.
The institute is geared to the needs of the development of China's economy and defense. Its faculty and students have invented many 'firsts' in China: the first analog computer, the first intelligent chess computer, the first arc welding robot, the first world-class new system radar, the first IC CMOS chip with its own copyright, the first superway computer real-time 3D image creation system, and the first high-performance computer controlled fiber twister.
HIT was able to complete the Large-Size Vacuum Container Ground Simulation Equipment, an important national scientific research project, in only three years. HIT ranked No. 2 in the 10-year comprehensive evaluation of the state of research projects of the National 863 High-Tech Programs.
1920–1949: An international university.
Harbin Institute of Technology was founded in 1920, originally called Harbin Sino-Russian School for Industry. The founding of this institution was directly related to the construction of the Chinese Northeastern Railway (after the victory of the Anti-Japanese War it was renamed the China Changchun Railway) by Czarist Russia, with the aim to educate, after the Russian education style, engineers for the said railway.
The initiating period (1920.5–1928.2).
Harbin Sino-Russian School for Industry (now HIT) was planned in May 1920, and the founding ceremony was held on October 17. The first enrollment was educated in the two majors offered at the time: Railway Construction and Electric Mechanic Engineering. The 103 students were divided into three classes and were to graduate five years later. The lessons were conducted exclusively in Russian, with a credit system. 
On April 2, 1922, the School was renamed Sino-Russian Industrial University. The original two majors became two departments: the Railway Construction Department and the Electric Engineering Department. Upon the approval of the Examination Committee, graduates were granted the degree of Engineer.
Joint management by China and USSR (1928.2–1935.3).
On February 4, 1928, the institution came under the leadership of the Northeastern Provincial Special Administrative Region of the Republic of China, and was renamed the Industrial University of the Northeastern Provincial Special Administrative Region, with the head of the Administration General Zhang Huanxiang as the director of the University Board, and the Minister of Education of the Northeastern Government Liu Zhe as the president of the University, the first Chinese president of the university. On October 20, 1928, the Law College and College of Commerce were incorporated, and the institution was officially named HIT, co-managed by China and the USSR, with General Zhang Xueliang as the president of the School Board. Postgraduate students were recruited from the spring of 1931.
The puppet Manchuria period (1935.3–1945.8).
With the invasion of northeast China by the Japanese imperialists, by 1935, the institution had been completely taken over by the Japanese. Classes were taught in Japanese, and only Chinese and Japanese students could be enrolled. On January 1, 1936, the name of the institution was changed to National Harbin Polytechnic. After January 1937, the education system was entirely transited to that of the Japanese. The president was the Japanese Suzuki Masao, who stayed on the post until August 1945. On January 1, 1938, the name Harbin Institute of Technology was reinstated, from which time on it has been kept until now.
Rule of the Railway Administration (1945.9–1949.3).
After the victory of the Anti-Japanese War on the part of the Chinese people on September 3, 1945, HIT came under the joint management of the Chinese and Soviet governments through the China Changchun Railway Administration. In this period, the chief goal of HIT was to train engineering talents for the railway, with five-years degrees exclusively in Russian. By 1950, when the new Chinese government took over, HIT offered programs or preparatory programs of Building Construction, Electric Engineering, Engineering Economy, Mining, Chemical Engineering, and Oriental Economy. In this period, HIT not only healed the trauma induced during the war, but also saw some real development and accumulation of experiences in running the institute, laying solid foundation for the take-over, reform, and development of HIT by the New China. 
From the founding of the institution in 1920 until liberation, HIT had been run in the Russian or Japanese system, and lessons were taught in Russian or Japanese. This rendered HIT since its founding the eminent feature of internationalism. 
From 1920 to the graduation of the last class taught in Russian in 1938, the HIT under the Russian system altogether fostered 1267 students, with 382 Chinese and 885 Russians and Poles, who are now scattered all over the world: Mainland China, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Russia, Australia, Poland, USA, Canada, New Zealand, and Brazil, and who all benefited from an early western education system and gained advanced knowledge in science and technology in contemporary Europe. Their diplomas and degrees were recognized by European countries like the former USSR. In the 30 years before liberation, HIT educated numerous famous scholars in the fields of science, technology, and education, some of whom became social activists.
1949–1966: The first golden age of HIT.
The period between the 1950s and mid 1960s was called the first 'Golden Age' in the history of HIT, when leaders like Feng Zhongyun, Li Chang, Chen Kangbai, and Gao Tie directed the institute on the basis of recast and expansion to undergo mass construction, fast development, and dramatic improvement, and when HIT fostered tens of thousands of talents for the country. 
During this era, the enrollment increased incessantly, the largest being more than 8000. The number of teachers also increased rapidly. By 1957, teachers numbered more than 800, averaged 27.5 years of age, charged with all the teaching and research tasks, and being the reputed '800 warriors' of HIT. Research witnessed great development and improvement. All the disciplines established ties of scientific cooperation with factories and research institutes, laying solid foundation for the integration of teaching, research, and production and for scientific research to serve the national economy.
Return to China.
In 1949, HIT started to recruit graduate students from all over China. It was one of the earliest universities in China to have a graduate program. 
On June 7, 1950, the central committee of the Communist Party of China (CPC) telegraphed the Northeastern chapter: 'The China Changchun Railway has decided to turn HIT over to the Chinese Government.' It went on to remark that 'HIT should enroll, as its graduate students, mainly lecturers, assistant lecturers,postgraduate students from school of science and engineering in Chinese Universities, teach them Russian, and assign them, upon their graduation after two year, to teach in universities nationwide.' This is an important sign that HIT had returned to the rule of China and entered an age of full-scale reform and growth. Later, the institute decided that its celebrate day is June 7.
A learner from the USSR.
As an important base for learning from the USSR and training talents for universities and factories throughout the country, HIT enjoyed the fame of the 'Cradle for Engineers'. 
In 1951, Liu Shaoqi commented on the "Report about the Amelioration Plan for HIT" by the Party committee of the Ministry of Education: 'It is necessary to run such a university well.' The amelioration plan set forth the goal and mission of HIT, 'to foster engineers for heavy industry sectors and teachers for universities of science and technology.' From then on, HIT had been one of the two Chinese universities to learn from THE USSR. Between July 1951 and June 1956, HIT hosted five conferences on teaching methodology and science and technology and TWO national-level conferences of Electric and Mechanic Engineering, each receiving delegates from dozens of universities across the country. HIT had become the window through which Chinese higher education learned experiences from THE USSR.
In 1958, in response to Deng Xiaoping's remark that 'HIT should challenge top technology' and the call of the situation of development at the time, HIT made significant rearrangement in its departments. By 1962, HIT had basically accomplished the change from civic purposes to those of the military, becoming an all-embracing, multidisciplinary university.
One of the first key universities.
In March 1954,the Ministry of Higher Education held a symposium on HIT and formulated the draft of "Decisions on Several Issues about HIT". Yang Xiufeng, deputy minister of the Ministry of Higher Education, observed, 'HIT has basically been recast into a new university adopting the advanced education system of USSR, which fact should be approved of. HIT has functioned as a pioneering banner recognized by universities nationwide.' In October 1954, the Ministry of Higher Education designated, for the first time, six national key universities: HIT was the only one outside Beijing. 
To meet the need of restoration and development of the national economy, new majors were added to the curriculum setup year by year. By 1957, HIT already had seven departments and 23 majors, basically taking the form of a new multidisciplinary industry university after the Russian education system.
A university of military service.
In September 1958, the Secretary General of the CPC Central Committee, Deng Xiaoping came to HIT and instructed that 'HIT should challenge advanced technologies'. In response to his instruction and the requirement of the situation, HIT readjusted its curriculum, removing some civic disciplines. By 1962, HIT has basically accomplished its turn from civic to military service, forming an all-embracing, multidisciplinary university, whose disciplines complementing one another, serving the construction of national economy and national defense science and technology. 
In 1960, in the Technology Innovation and Revolution Movement, HIT cooperated with 107 factories in Harbin and completed more than 460 projects of mechanization and automation, materializing the policy that science, technology, and education serve national economy. Ren Zhongyi, Harbin municipal party secretary, said in praise, 'As a symbolic banner, HIT cooperates with factories/ As a whole, the city praises HIT'.
1966–1976: Ten years of convulsion.
The Cultural Revolution, which started in 1966, severely affected the normal teaching and research activities of HIT.
The move to and return from the south.
In spring 1970, according to the order of the authorities, a small number of HIT personnel and most equipment moved south to Chongqing and, with Department 2 of the Harbin Military Industry University, formed Chongqing Institute of Technology. The rest of HIT, combining with Heilongjiang Institute of Technology and Harbin Institute of Electrotechnics, formed a new HIT, a local university administered by the local government. In August 1973, the State Council of China and the Military Commission of the CPC Central Committee decided that Chongqing Institute of Technology should again move back north to Harbin to be restored to before the move. After all this flounder, the institute was severely weakened.
Because China was in disorder during that time, a large quantity of documents was lost. HIT keeps seeking documents from former employees and alumni these years.
1977–present: Re-burnishing the resplendence.
When chaos was dispelled after 1977, HIT soon regained its vigor, and teaching and research work gradually stepped into the right path. Particularly since the 1990s, HIT has started its second 'golden age.'
In 1977, the undergraduate programs reopened and in 1978 the graduate programs. In 1982 doctoral programs were offered for the first time. In 1984, HIT again found its way into the list of 15 universities to be favorably built. In the same year, HIT became one of the first 22 universities to run an experimental graduate school, which indicated that the graduate education of HIT had come into a new seedtime and which was an important milestone in the history of the development of HIT. 
In 1992, HIT High- and New-Tech Park was founded, starting a new mode of school running described as 'The institute starting the park; the park complementing the Institute; Institute and Park integrate; and Institute and Park are run separately'. In 1996, HIT was in the first batch of universities to enter the list of Project 211, which was to build 100 world-famous universities in China in the 21st century. In May 1999, HIT was awarded by All China Federation of Trade Unions the national 'May 1 Labor Diploma'. In November 1999, HIT was appointed by the Central Government one of the nine best universities to be preferentially built according to the standards of internationally renowned universities.
In 1985 HIT opened a new campus in Weihai, Shandong Province. In 2000 Harbin University of Architecture was merged into HIT.

</doc>
<doc id="19556137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556137" title="Remember Me (Journey song)">
Remember Me (Journey song)


</doc>
<doc id="19556161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556161" title="Cat repeller">
Cat repeller

A cat repeller is a device or substance used to discourage cats from entering an area, or to encourage them to leave if they do enter. Such deterrents are most commonly used by gardeners, in order to prevent damage to their gardens, to avoid cat feces, or to protect birds.
Devices.
Ultrasonic devices.
Many retailers sell devices which exploit the discomforting effects of in-air ultrasound. These devices are usually combined with a motion sensor which is triggered by movement within the sensors range. This causes the device to emit high frequency noise which is uncomfortable to the cats, and inaudible to most humans (although they can still experience unpleasant subjective effects and, potentially, shifts in the hearing threshold). The devices are available in both battery and mains operated forms, the latter generally having a higher output, greater range and requiring less attention.
Some cats are immune to ultrasonic cat deterrents, mainly the ones which are hard of hearing. There are also reports that the devices take a while to become effective, as some cats will stand their ground in a futile attempt to make the deterrent go away. Moving the device to different locations regularly and combining with another form of cat repellent may make these devices more effective.
The Royal Society for the Protection of Birds (RSPB), has endorsed a commercial product called "CatWATCH", for which it receives 2% of the wholesale price of every device sold by the manufacturer. The RSPB tested the original CatWATCH device in a study using 63 and 96 volunteer observers in two long-running (18 and 33 weeks) blind experiments. Results from the study indicated that the device did have a moderate deterrent effect, reducing the probability of a previous cat intrusion into a garden by approximately 32% in the first experiment, but not in the longer running second experiment.
Scatter guns are another form of ultrasonic device. These laser-aiming devices can be targeted at cats and activated by a trigger. They will send out an ultrasonic noise directed where aimed. 
Professor Tim Leighton from the Institute of Sound and Vibration Research, has expressed concern about the recent growth in commercial products which exploit the discomforting effects of in-air ultrasound. Leighton claims that commercial products are often advertised with cited levels which cannot be critically accepted due to lack of accepted measurement standards for ultrasound in air, and little understanding of the mechanism by which they may represent a hazard.
Electric fences.
A variety of commercially produced electric fences are also available, with voltages low enough to deter but not cause harm to cats. Care must be taken with the strength of electric current used; one Cumbria pensioner received a fine for setting up a system based on a 12v battery charger, knowingly allowing a dangerously high current to flow through the wiring.
Cats Protection describe the use of electric fences as "barbaric" on their website due to the physical harming of a cat or any other creature that comes into contact with an electric fence.
Animals.
Dogs.
Any canine, ferocious enough and left free to roam the garden, should do the trick.
Substances.
Crystals.
A more traditional cat repeller is to use jelly-like crystals containing methyl nonyl ketone, designed to be scattered around the garden, or around the areas the cat likes to foul. These repellents give off a smell that is very unpleasant to the cat, causing it to avoid that place.
Citronella.
Citronella oil, famous for repelling insects, can also be used to get rid of cats. Citronella sticks are a common form, coming in citronella-impregnated plastic "repeller sticks".
Lion dung.
Lion dung has been reported to be an effective method of deterring cats, and has received support from the British organisation Cats Protection. One anecdotal experience reported by the BBC found that it was not particularly effective.

</doc>
<doc id="19556167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556167" title="Latin soul">
Latin soul

Latin soul was a short lived musical genre movement which developed in the 1960s in New York City. It consisted of a blend of Cuban mambo with elements of Latin Jazz and Soul music. Although short-lived, the genre had a great influence on the growing Salsa movement which would dominate the New York Latin music scene in the 1970s. Today, the term is typically used by Hispanic artists producing R&B or soul music. 
Latin soul placed a heavy emphasis on its Afro-Cuban rhythms and featured songs sung mostly in English. The style grew out of an attempt on the part of Latin musicians in New York City to expand the reach of their music beyond the local Latin community and into the wider mainstream American society.

</doc>
<doc id="19556178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556178" title="Glen Grell">
Glen Grell

Glen R. Grell is a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 87th District and was elected in 2004
Career.
Grell was the deputy general counsel to former governor Tom Ridge from 1995 to 2000. He currently sits on the House Judiciary, State Government, Insurance, and Labor Relations Committees.
Personal.
Grell is a 1974 graduate of Cumberland Valley High School and earned a Bachelor of Arts degree from Johns Hopkins University in 1978, as well as his J.D. from the Dickinson Law School in 1981. He and his wife live in Hampden Township with their two children.

</doc>
<doc id="19556211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556211" title="Bartender DS">
Bartender DS


</doc>
<doc id="19556213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556213" title="Robert Vaughan (antiquary)">
Robert Vaughan (antiquary)

Robert Powell Vaughan (?1592 - 16 May 1667) was an eminent Welsh antiquary and collector of manuscripts. His collection, later known as the Hengwrt-Peniarth Library from the houses in which it was successively preserved, formed the nucleus of the National Library of Wales, and is still in its care.
Biography.
Vaughan was born at Gwengraig, Dolgellau, around 1592. Very little is known of his early life, but he was recorded as entering Oriel College, Oxford in 1612, though he left without taking his degree. He later settled at the mansion of Hengwrt (), Llanelltyd, also near Dolgellau, which had belonged to his mother's family. Vaughan was active in the legal affairs of Merioneth and served on its Commission of the peace.
Vaughan's main interests lay in the early history of Wales and in genealogy. Though these were common enough pursuits for the rural gentry of the time, Vaughan devoted himself to them with great energy and diligence, as well as to the collection of early manuscripts and books which he amassed at Hengwrt, preserving many unique texts which might otherwise have been lost. He was able to increase his holdings further after making an arrangement with the calligrapher and manuscript collector John Jones of Gellilyfdy, Flintshire, in which one would combine both collections on the other's death. Vaughan also transcribed texts himself, carried out genealogical research, made an English translation of the "Brut y Tywysogion" (or "Chronicle of the Princes"), and wrote several short historical tracts as well as the book "British Antiquities Revived", first published at Oxford in 1662.
He died in 1667 and was buried at Dolgellau. Vaughan had four sons and four daughters, and his descendants remained prominent in the area and its politics for many years. His daughter Jane was amongst the Quakers who emigrated to Pennsylvania in the late 17th century under the leadership of Rowland Ellis.
The Hengwrt-Peniarth Library.
Vaughan's remarkable collection of manuscripts remained at Hengwrt in the care of his descendants, though his collection of early printed books was dispersed by a Bristol bookseller early in the 19th century. In 1905, after a long period of negotiation, Sir John Williams acquired a reversionary interest in the manuscripts from the Wynne family of Peniarth, William Watkin Wynne (1801-1880) having added substantially to the collection after being bequeathed it by Sir Robert Vaughan (1803-1859), the Member of Parliament for Merioneth. The Hengwrt-Peniarth library was then moved to Aberystwyth, where the National Library of Wales was to be established.
Vaughan's collection contains several texts of great historical or literary importance, such as the Book of Taliesin, the so-called Hengwrt Manuscript of Chaucer's Canterbury Tales, now thought to be the earliest known copy, and the Black Book of Carmarthen. He also owned the Hendregadredd manuscript for a period, though this was to disappear from Hengwrt before the end of the 17th century.

</doc>
<doc id="19556215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556215" title="Aleksandr Minchenkov">
Aleksandr Minchenkov

Aleksandr Viktorovich Minchenkov () (born January 13, 1989 in Moscow) is a Russian footballer. Currently he plays for FC Baltika Kaliningrad.

</doc>
<doc id="19556229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556229" title="Wordia">
Wordia

Wordia is an online visual dictionary which has the published aim of 'redefining the dictionary'. It asks members of the public and celebrity 'orators' to upload videos explaining what words mean to them. The videos are then published on the site alongside the traditional textual definition sourced from the Collins English Dictionary.
The site was founded in 2008 by TV producer Ed Baker, backed by the online entrepreneur Michael Birch and launched at the house of Doctor Johnson, the man behind the first modern dictionary.
Its founders and others have extolled the benefits of having different dictionaries for different audiences. Some parties in the UK have argued Wordia's democratic approach will undermine the quality of the definitions.

</doc>
<doc id="19556307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556307" title="1971–72 Detroit Red Wings season">
1971–72 Detroit Red Wings season

The 1971–72 Detroit Red Wings season was Marcel Dionne's rookie season. The Red Wings placed fifth to miss the playoffs.
Regular season.
Head coach Doug Barkley won just 3 of the first 11 games before being replaced by Johnny Wilson.
During his first season for Detroit in 1971-72, Marcel Dionne set an NHL record for scoring by a rookie with 77 points. This record has since been surpassed.
Player stats.
Forwards.
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalty minutes"
Defencemen.
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalty minutes"
Goaltending.
"Note: GP = Games played; W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; SO = Shutouts; GA = Goals against; GAA = Goals against average"
Transactions.
The Red Wings were involved in the following transactions during the 1971–72 season:

</doc>
<doc id="19556310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556310" title="Igor Smolnikov">
Igor Smolnikov

Igor Aleksandrovich Smolnikov (; born 8 August 1988 in Kamensk-Uralsky) is a Russian footballer who plays for Zenit in the Russian Premier League.
International.
Smolnikov was called up by Fabio Capello to the Russia squad for the first time on 4 October 2013 for the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualification matches against Luxembourg and Azerbaijan. He made his debut for the national team on 19 November 2013 in a friendly against South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="19556344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556344" title="A Thousand Days (book)">
A Thousand Days (book)

A Thousand Days: John F. Kennedy in the White House is a nonfiction book by Arthur M. Schlesinger Jr. about the United States Presidency of John F. Kennedy (1961–1963). It features the policies, politics, and personalities during his administration. The U.S. Cabinet under Kennedy is a focus. 
It was first published by Houghton Mifflin in 1965 and next year won both the National Book Award in History and Biography and the Pulitzer Prize for Biography or Autobiography.
See also.
"A Thousand Days" at Google Books

</doc>
<doc id="19556366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556366" title="Henrik Perret">
Henrik Perret

Carl Henrik Louis Perret (born 1946), is a Finnish Lutheran pastor and titular provost. 
Perret has been since 2006 the general secretary of the Theological Institute of Finland. Before this he has served as vicar in Helsinki and as president of Medi-Heli doctor helicopter service. Perret is also a member of the Synod of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland since 1983.
In the autumn of 2006 Perret was runner-up in the election for bishop in the Diocese of Porvoo. 

</doc>
<doc id="19556367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556367" title="Money for Speed">
Money for Speed

Money for Speed is a 1933 British sports drama film directed by Bernard Vorhaus and starring John Loder, Ida Lupino, Cyril McLaglen and Moore Marriott. It is centered around the sport of speedway racing, which was at its peak of popularity at the time.
It also featured speedway riders Ginger Lees, Lionel van Praag and Frank Varey. It also featured speedway promoter Johnnie Hoskins. The film's editor David Lean had a brief appearance as a newspaper reporter.
Production and reception.
The film was made by the independent company Hall Mark Productions at Wembley Studios and was distributed by United Artists. It was also released under the alternative title Daredevils of Earth. It was for many years considered a lost film, before two prints resurfaced. Along with Vorhaus' other Thirties work, the film was subject to a revival of critical interest from the 1980s onwards and is regarded as one of the most significant low-budget films of the era. It was one of the first feature films made by Vorhaus, who went on to have a notable career in British quota quickies and American supporting films.

</doc>
<doc id="19556375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556375" title="An Inconvenient Woman">
An Inconvenient Woman

An Inconvenient Woman is a 1990 novel by Dominick Dunne. Its plot centers on the affair between married Jules Mendelson, an extremely influential member of Los Angeles high society, and Flo March, a diner waitress and aspiring actress whose life is transformed by the illicit relationship until she finds herself the inconvenient woman of the title.
The hardcover edition (ISBN 0-517-57763-1) was released by Crown Publishers. The paperback (ISBN 0-345-43053-0) was published by Ballantine Books.
Plot synopsis.
Behind-the-scenes Hollywood intrigue, the underworld of laundered money, illegal drugs, and prostitution, and the foibles of the extremely wealthy and those who serve them, serve as the background for a tale of murder, the abuse of power, and the destruction of several lives when revenge enters the picture.
Characters include the incredibly rich and famous, those who are desperate to share their spotlight, and the underlings who cater to their every need. Chief among them are billionaire Jules Mendelson, a confidant of the President who is on the verge of being offered a prime political position in Brussels, as long as the story about a girl who plunged from the balcony of his Chicago hotel room in 1953 remains the deep secret he has harbored all these years; Flo March (née Fleurette Houlihan), his considerably younger lover, who slowly sheds her coarse exterior as Jules introduces her to the finer things in life; Pauline Mendelson, Jules' devoted wife who presides over Clouds, their mountaintop estate overlooking LA, and one of the most admired hostesses in their social circle, whose errant son Kippie by a former marriage proves to be the bane of her elegant existence; New York City writer Philip Quennell, author of a bestselling book about a leveraged buyout, who's brought to Hollywood by cocaine-snorting producer Casper Stieglitz to write a documentary film about drug abuse in the film industry; young widow Camilla Ebury, Philip's lover and the niece of Hector Paradiso, a closeted homosexual whose alleged suicide raises the suspicions of those who believe he really was murdered; gossip columnist Cyril Rathbone, who thrives on the secrets of the rich and powerful; hustler and sometime porn actor Lonny Edge, who has in his possession the long-missing completed manuscript of the final book by dissolute author Basil Plant (a thinly-disguised version of Truman Capote) but doesn't realize its importance to the literary world; and gangster Arnie Zwillman, who knows enough about Jules Mendelson's past to put an end to his political ambitions.
Critical reception.
In the "New York Times", Jill Robinson observed, "This is a smart novel because Dominick Dunne understands the distance between Los Angeles society and the spicy bazaars of Hollywood. And what makes Mr. Dunne not only first-rate, but also different from other writers who write about the very rich in late 20th-century America, is his knowledge that there's more to it than getting the labels and the street names right. He shows he knows by the way he tells you how his people feel, the way they listen, the things they cover up and the things they don't. He's lived in L.A. and gets it right, but he has the perspective you only get when you leave. He knows every story there is to tell, precisely how it happened and why it happened. He also knows there's nothing up there in society to envy." 
L.S. Klepp of "Entertainment Weekly" graded the book B and commented, "Dunne does a good job of making his make-believe gossip believable, even riveting, in spite of some wooden dialogue, fiberboard characters, and the constant adjustment of the plot by the long, lazy arm of coincidence . . . Considered as unpretentious entertainment, the novel, with its baroque plot and telltale details, is good unclean fun." 
Television adaptation.
John Pielmeier adapted the novel for a May 1991 ABC miniseries directed by Larry Elikann. It starred Jason Robards as Jules, Rebecca De Mornay as Flo, Jill Eikenberry as Pauline, Peter Gallagher as Philip, Joseph Bologna as Arnie, Grant Cramer as Lonny, Chad Lowe as Kippie, and Roddy McDowall as Cyril. Elaine Stritch received an Emmy Award nomination for her performance. According to her biographer, Elizabeth Montgomery was interested in the role of Pauline.

</doc>
<doc id="19556392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556392" title="John F. G. Howe">
John F. G. Howe

Air Vice Marshal John Frederick George Howe CB CBE AFC RAF (born 26 March 1930) was a senior Royal Air Force officer in the 1970s and 1980s, flying combat missions in the Korean War and North Sea interceptor air patrols during the Cold War and finishing his distinguished career as the Commandant General RAF Regiment and RAF Provost Marshal and Director General Security. Howe also served as the sixteenth Commandant of the Royal Observer Corps between 1977 and 1980.
Howe was born in South Africa and educated at St Andrew’s College, Grahamstown. He joined the South African Air Force immediately after leaving school.
Flying history.
South African Air Force.
John Howe began his military flying career in the post Second World War South African Air Force, and learned to fly in Tiger Moths, Harvards and Spitfires. In 1950 he was posted to No 2 Squadron SAAF “The Flying Cheetahs” and deployed to Korea to fly combat missions as part of South Africa's contribution to the Korean War in support of the UN forces. 
During his first tour of duty in Korea he flew the Mustang F-51D fighter-bombers in front-line action. A later second tour saw him serving with US Infantry units, as a ground based Forward Air Controller, operating in the thick of the fighting. He was awarded the US Distinguished Flying Cross and the US Air Medal for his service during these actions.
Royal Air Force.
When the political situation in South Africa became more difficult and extreme in 1954 he decided to resign from the SAAF and moved to England where he transferred to the Royal Air Force in the rank of Flying Officer (Service No. 503984) to fly early types of jet fighters. He became a QFI on Vampires, later converting to the Hawker Hunter, and serving the front line North Sea interceptors of No. 222 Squadron RAF at RAF Leuchars in October 1957 as a flight commander on promotion to Flight Lieutenant. 
During the Suez crisis in 1956 he had again operated as a Forward Air Controller and landed with the first invasion wave on the beaches with 40 Commando. After Suez Howe returned to flying duties as a Flight Commander with No. 43 Squadron RAF during which time he was awarded with the Queen’s Commendation for Valuable Service in the Air. Four years after the Suez debacle Howe was promoted to Squadron Leader in July 1960 and appointed as Officer Commanding No. 74 Squadron RAF the 'Tiger' Squadron, to introduce the first of the supersonic English Electric Lightning interceptors into service with the RAF. Howe also formed and led "The Tigers" RAF aerobatic display team during his time with No. 74 Squadron.
Howe was selected by the RAF to undertake several overseas demonstration tours where he showcased the remarkable capabilities of the new fighter in numerous air displays and demonstrations. He was awarded the AFC on 2 June 1962. Promoted to Wing Commander in January 1966 his developing career took him to a staff posting at Headquarters RAF Fighter Command, a senior instructor posting at Royal Air Force College Cranwell and later as a senior staff officer at the Joint Warfare School. 
After a 1965 exchange tour posting to the United States where he flew most of the Century Series Fighters and the Phantom he returned to the UK as Officer Commanding No. 229 Operational Conversion Unit RAF at RAF Chivenor and later No. 228 Operational Conversion Unit RAF at RAF Coningsby where he oversaw the introduction of the Phantom FGR2 into operational service with the RAF. In 1969 on promotion to Acting Group Captain he moved to two staff postings, firstly as 'Staff Officer Central Tactics and Trials' and later as 'Deputy Director Operational Research 1'. After his rank as a Group Captain was made substantive, in 1973 he was appointed Officer Commanding RAF Gutersloh on the front line of the Cold War Iron Curtain operations.
On his return from Germany in 1975 he attended the Royal College of Defence Studies for ten months and was posted to RAF Bentley Priory as 'Operations Staff Officer (Training)' at Headquarters 11 Group, Strike Command.
Royal Observer Corps.
Following a tour of duty as an Operations Staff Officer, in 1977 Howe moved across the road on promotion to Air Commodore and took up the appointment as Commandant of the Royal Observer Corps who were also located at Bentley Priory.
Howe applied the same exacting standards and tight discipline to the ROC as he did to his flying. He found an organisation that was superficially sound but with an underlying air of relaxed complacency. His first action was to insist that all wholetime ROC officers, both newly appointed and those already in service, must qualify through the Specialist Entrant and Re-entrant (SERE) Officers Course at RAF College Cranwell. The first intake of five officers to do so attended '157 SERE' in October to November 1979 and Air Commodore Howe was guest of honour at the formal end of course dinner. Also, for the first time in the Corps' history, Howe initiated a two pronged regime of both a "Commandant's Command Inspection" and "Operational Evaluations" that would continue until the Corps was stood down. The Command Inspections took place in every group headquarters once every three years, with three months prior notice. Howe himself led a two man team of HQROC staff officers in a two day detailed review of administration and organisation by the wholetime and spare time staff. 
The operation evaluations were a two day “No Notice” assessment of the group’s operational performance similar to RAF station TACEVALs, from Transition To War right through to prolonged operations under nuclear attack. The OPEVAL evaluation assessors consisted of a joint six man team from HQROC and the United Kingdom Warning and Monitoring Organisation who would arrive on an irregular basis and place the whole group on a realistic but simulated war footing. By the time Howe’s tenure ended in 1980 the dual regime of inspections left the ROC up to date, more efficient and comparable to any unit in RAF Strike Command and he was subsequently considered to have had a greater impact on the operational efficiency of the ROC than any other post-war Commandant ROC.
Howe also spearheaded the rapid improvement of inter-group communications over the coming years with the introduction of computerised message switching and modern integrated, EMP hardened telephone systems.
During his time with the ROC Howe additionally oversaw the Corps’ contributions to the Silver Jubilee of Elizabeth II celebrations and events and ensured that every advantage was taken to publicise the unsung work of the Corps. On 30 June 1977 Howe led an ROC contingent that took part in the Royal Review of Reserve and Cadet Forces at Wembley Stadium. On 29 July 1977 he attended when the ROC was represented in the indoor exhibition at the Royal Review of the Royal Air Force at RAF Finningley.
Air Commodore Howe handed over command of the ROC to Air Commodore R J Offord on 12 April 1981.
Later RAF service.
Following his time in charge of the ROC he was promoted to Air Vice Marshal as AOC Southern Maritime Air Region and his final tour of duty was in the dual roles as Provost Marshal Director General of Security and Commandant General of the RAF Regiment. 
His biography, detailing a varied and distinguished military career over forty years and four continents, entitled “Onward and Upward” was published in the late Autumn of 2008. Since retirement Air Vice Marshal Howe has remained an active member of the No. 74 Squadron RAF's Association and attends the many organised events. Both he and his wife Annabelle remain fit and healthy in their 70s.

</doc>
<doc id="19556412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556412" title="Madness (Elton John song)">
Madness (Elton John song)

"Madness" is a song by Elton John with lyrics by Gary Osborne. It is the ninth track off his 1978 album, "A Single Man".
Musical structure.
The song fades in from the previous track on the album "Shooting Star". The rhythm section is driven by a disco-esque 4/4 beat, and in the middle of the song, a string section is featured giving it a more modern feel. John also sings in a high falsetto range in the choruses. Towards the end of the song, the song gets more and more chaotic, fitting with the lyrics. The song fades out as John screams the lyrics.
Lyrical meaning.
This song deals with problems of the world, and there are many references to fires and catastrophes. The chaotic orchestration and melody illustrates that very well. There are also poverty and war issues mentioned, and a world that just doesn't understand peace. It has also been stated that the song was about the conflict in Northern Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="19556422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556422" title="Rob Kauffman">
Rob Kauffman

Robert W. "Rob" Kauffman is a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 89th District and was elected in 2004. He currently sits on the House Consumer Affairs, Gaming Oversight, and Tourism and Recreational Development Committees.
Personal.
Representative Kauffman and his wife live in Scotland, Pennsylvania with their three children.

</doc>
<doc id="19556446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556446" title="Dmitry Nikolayevich Smirnov (footballer)">
Dmitry Nikolayevich Smirnov (footballer)

Dmitri Nikolayevich Smirnov (; born November 9, 1980 in Moscow) is a Russian footballer. He is not related to Dmitri Aleksandrovich Smirnov with whom he played on the same team for several years for FC Torpedo-ZIL Moscow, Luch and Tom. To avoid confusion, he is usually referred to as Dmitri N. Smirnov.

</doc>
<doc id="19556474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556474" title="538 (disambiguation)">
538 (disambiguation)

538 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19556483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556483" title="Beaver Scouts (Baden-Powell Scouts' Association)">
Beaver Scouts (Baden-Powell Scouts' Association)

Beaver Scouts, usually referred to as Beavers, is the youngest section of Scouting operated by the Baden-Powell Scouts' Association. The core age range for Beaver Scouts is five to eight years, though exceptions can be granted. Individual sections of Beaver Scouts, known as a Colony, are run by the local Scout Group. After reaching the age of eight, a Beaver Scout will then move on to Wolf Cubs.
History.
Originating in Canada in 1973, Beaver Scouts have been a section of the Baden-Powell Scouts' Association since 1982 as a response to other Youth Organisations, such as the Boy's Brigade opening their doors to younger children.
Organisation.
A Beaver Colony is a section of the Scout Group aimed at children from 5 to 8 years. The Scout Officer in charge of the Colony will be a Beavermaster, assisted by Assistant Beavermasters and Instructors.
Beaver Scout Colonies are controlled by the local Scout Group, with each colony being divided into a number of Lodges. The Beaver in charge of a Lodge is known as a 'Leading Beaver', who is assisted by a 'Second Beaver'. Where there is an outstanding Beaver, in the latter stages of the Training Scheme, they may be appointed as 'Colony Leader'. This is a similar role to that of Senior Sixer in the Wolf Cub pack. The Colony Leader will assist the Beavermaster.
Programme.
UK Promise.
The Beaver Scout promise is a simpler version of the Scout promise:
I promise to do my best
to be kind and helpful
and to love god.
UK Motto.
The Beaver Scouts motto is "Busy and Bright".
UK Uniform.
The Beaver Scout uniform is a grey jumper and group scarf (neckerchief), sometimes a cap or beret, with navy blue activity trousers.
International Variations.
International sections of the Baden-Powell Scouts' Association have variations on the above, an example of which being B-PSA Ireland's Beaver Promise of, "I promise to love God and to Help take care of the World."
Awards and Badges.
Beaver Scouts can earn a number of awards and badges. Upon investiture, Beaver Scouts are awarded the Kitten Badge, which is worn on the left breast and in the central panel of a Wolf Cub cap, or a similar position on a beret.
Footprint Badges.
The First, Second and Third Footprint badges are awarded on the completion of activities from four activity areas which are; Learning, Developing, Exploring and Discovering. Each badge should take four to six months to complete.
Dam Builder.
Once a Beaver Scout has completed all four Footprint Badges, they are eligible to complete the Dam Builder badge, which is a link between the Beaver Colony and the Wolf Cub Pack. This badge is worn in the Wolf Cub section until it is replaced by the Leaping Wolf badge.
Activity Badges.
There are seven award badges that can be earned by Beaver Scouts. These are the Colony Holiday Award (Silver), Pack Holiday Award (Gold), Project Award, Service Award, Hobby Award, Friendship Badge, and the Citizenship Award.

</doc>
<doc id="19556490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556490" title="Lyudmila Alexeyeva">
Lyudmila Alexeyeva

Lyudmila Mikhailovna Alexeyeva (, ; born July 20, 1927) is a Russian historian, leading human rights activist, founding member of the Moscow Helsinki Watch Group, and one of the few veterans of the Soviet dissident movement still active in modern Russia.
Biography.
Soviet period.
Alexeyeva was born in Yevpatoria, Crimea, then part of Russian SFSR (now part of Ukraine). She was trained as an archeologist, graduating from the History Department of the Moscow State University in 1950 and finishing the graduate school of the Moscow Institute for Economics and Statistics in 1956. In 1952, Alexeyeva joined the Communist Party of the USSR. In 1959–1968, she worked as an editor in the ethnography and archeology section of the publishing house “Science”. During 1970–1977 Alexeyeva worked at the Institute of Information on Social Sciences affiliated with the Science Academy of the USSR. Having become completely disillusioned with the Soviet ideology, Alexeyeva decided not to defend her Candidate of Sciences (roughly equivalent to a PhD) thesis and forwent a career as a scholar.
Alexeyeva’s worldview was significantly affected by the Khrushchev Thaw that lasted from the mid-1950s through the early 1960s. She belonged to the group of people, mostly intellectuals, who formed the dissident movement in the USSR in the 1960s. In 1966, Alexeyeva campaigned in defense of Daniel and Siniavsky, the writers who were arrested and tried for publishing their works abroad. In the late 1960s she signed petitions in defense of other dissidents who were prosecuted by the Soviet authorities, including Alexander Ginzburg and Yuri Galanskov. In April 1968, Alexeyeva was expelled from the Communist Party and fired from her job at the publishing house. Nonetheless, she continued her activities in defense of human rights. In 1968–1972 she worked clandestinely as a typist for the first underground bulletin “The Chronicle of Current Events” devoted to human rights violations in the USSR.
In early 1976, Alexeyeva became a founding member of the Moscow Helsinki Group. As a member, she signed a number of documents issued by the Group, helped compose some of them, and collected information for some of the documents. Her responsibilities also included editing the Group’s documents and hiding copies of them from the authorities.
Emigration.
In February 1977 Alexeyeva was forced to emigrate from the USSR. She and her family settled in the United States, where she continued her human rights activities as a foreign representative of the Moscow Helsinki Group. She regularly wrote on the Soviet dissident movement for both English and Russian language publications in the US and elsewhere, and in 1985 she published the first comprehensive monograph on the history of the movement, "Soviet Dissent" (Wesleyan University Press). In addition, after moving to the United States, Alexeyeva took up freelance radio journalism for Radio Liberty and the Russian language section of the Voice of America. In 1990 she published an autobiography that described the formation of the Soviet dissident movement. ("Thaw Generation", co-written with Paul Goldberg).
Return to Russia.
In 1989 she again joined the Moscow Helsinki Group that was restarted after its dissolution in 1981. In 1993, after the dissolution of the Soviet Union, she returned to Russia, and she became a Chairperson of the Moscow Helsinki Group in 1996. In 2000, Alexeyeva joined a commission set up to advise President Vladimir Putin on human rights issues, a move that triggered criticism from some other rights activists.
In December 2004, Alexeyeva co-founded and co-chaired, with Garry Kasparov and Georgy Satarov, the All-Russian Civic Congress, which Alexeyeva and Satarov left due to disagreement with Kasparov in January 2008. Subsequently, she co-founded the All-Russia Civic Network with Satarov. On February 10, 2009, Alexeyeva joined the Council for Promoting the Institutions of Civil Society and Human Rights under the President of the Russian Federation.
Alexeyeva has been critical of the Kremlin’s human rights record and accused the government of numerous human rights violations including the regular prohibitions of non-violent meetings and demonstrations and encouragement of extremists with its nationalistic policies, such as the mass deportations of Georgians in 2006 and police raids against foreigners working in street markets.
She has also criticized the law enforcers’ conduct in Ingushetia and has warned that growing violence in the republic may spread to the whole Russian Federation. In 2006, she was accused by the Russian authorities of involvement with British intelligence and received threats from nationalist groups.
Strategy-31.
Since August 31, 2009, Lyudmila Alexeyeva has been an active participant in Strategy-31 – the regular protest rallies of citizens on Moscow’s Triumphalnaya Square in defense of the 31st Article (On the Freedom of Assembly) of the Russian Constitution. Since October 31, 2009, she has been one of the regular organizers of these rallies. On December 31, 2009, during one of these attempted protests, Alexeyeva was detained by the riot police (OMON) and taken with scores of others to a police station. This event provoked strong reaction in Russia and abroad. Jerzy Buzek, the President of the European Parliament, was “deeply disappointed and shocked” at the treatment of Alexeyeva and others by the police. The National Security Council of the United States expressed “dismay” at the detentions. "The New York Times" published a front page article about the protest rally (“Tested by Many Foes, Passion of a Russian Dissident Endures”). Leonid Gozman, Co-Chairman of the Right Cause party, called the breakup of the peaceful demonstration and the detention of Alexeyeva foolish and a disgrace for Moscow authorities.
Assault.
On March 31(?), 2010, Lyudmila was assaulted on live television in the Park Kultury metro station by a man as she was paying respect to the victims of the 2010 Moscow Metro Bombings.
At the Lake Seliger youth camp, the Nashi youth movement branded her "a Nazi" and one of Russia's worst enemies.
Awards and Prizes.
Alexeyeva has received the following awards and prizes for her human rights activities:

</doc>
<doc id="19556517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556517" title="Abingdon Chronicle">
Abingdon Chronicle

The Abingdon Chronicle may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19556519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556519" title="Western Conference (WHL)">
Western Conference (WHL)

The Western Conference () is one of two conferences in the Western Hockey League (WHL) used to divide teams. Its counterpart is the Eastern Conference.
The Ed Chynoweth Cup (previously known as the "President's Cup") is awarded to the league's playoff champion.
Divisions.
The Western Conference comprises 10 teams in two divisions: B.C. Division, and U.S. Division.
Current standings.
x - team has cliched Western Hockey League playoff spot
y - team has clinched division
z - team has clinched conference

</doc>
<doc id="19556542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556542" title="Caribou River Provincial Park">
Caribou River Provincial Park

Caribou River Provincial Wilderness Park is a provincial park in extreme north-central Manitoba, Canada. It is the northern most provincial park in Manitoba, and borders the southern Nunavut border, and consists of Taiga Shield, with many boreal forests, small rivers and lakes, fairly rolling terrain, and low-lying wetlands forming extensive peatlands (bogs and fens). There are many rocky outcrops, and till (deposits laid down by glaciers) has been shaped into a mosaic of ridges and eskers (sinuous, rounded ridges). 

</doc>
<doc id="19556545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556545" title="List of films set in Shanghai">
List of films set in Shanghai

The following is a list of films set wholly or partially in Shanghai.

</doc>
<doc id="19556550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556550" title="Sandy Glacier">
Sandy Glacier

Sandy Glacier is an alpine glacier located on the west slope of Mount Hood in the U.S. state of Oregon. It extends in elevation from about . The glacier is the source of Muddy Fork, a tributary of the Sandy River. The upper extent of the glacier is known for extensive crevasses. The lower extent is marked by the Sandy Glacier Caves.
The glacier is a remnant of the massive glaciers that formed during the last ice age. It is bounded on the south by Yokum Ridge which also defines the northern side of Reid Glacier, and by a ridge on the north which defines part of the Hood River-Clackamas county border which also bounds the south side of Glisan Glacier. The glacier lies entirely within Mount Hood Wilderness.
Sandy Glacier decreased in area by 40% between 1907 and 2004. The glacier terminus has retreated by over the same time period. 

</doc>
<doc id="19556589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556589" title="Captains Flat railway line">
Captains Flat railway line

The Captains Flat railway line was a country branch line in the Southern Tablelands region of New South Wales. The line branched off the Bombala line at Bungendore Junction, 5 km south of Bungendore and terminated 34 km further south at Captain's Flat.
Mining leads to a need for the railway.
Note: All distances from Central station
Mining activity at Captain's Flat began in 1882 on copper ore bodies. As the depth of mining increased, the constitution of the lode changed and the ore proved too complex to treat for extraction of mineral. From 1899 to 1926, production continued on a restricted basis, however within that period technological improvements were made which meant that the lode could again be economically handled. A pilot plant was erected to demonstrate the practicability of renewed mining.
A trial survey of a railway to Captains Flat was completed in May, 1928. The proposal was referred to the Parliamentary Standing Committee on Public Works on 27 March 1929. Legislation authorising the construction of the line was passed on 16 June 1930. Due to the prevailing worldwide financial depression, in 1929 the New South Wales government petitioned the federal government for the Commonwealth Railways to construct the line and make it available to the New South Wales Government Railways, under a similar arrangement to the Queanbeyan to Canberra railway. This proposal was rejected the following year and the railway was shelved.
Construction.
A further Ratification Act was passed on 15 December 1937 and construction commenced in February, 1938. By June, work on the foundations for piers of bridges spanning Thurralilly Creek and Molonglo River was in hand. The strengthening girders used came from the original viaducts over Wollondilly, Boxers and Barbers Creeks on the Main South line which had been superseded by duplication work in the 1912-14 period. 
Some of the rails used in the construction of the line came from the Matakana - Mount Hope branch which closed on 6 July 1924.
The line was made available on 7 February 1939, for traffic to a point beyond Hoskinstown where a temporary siding and unloading facilities were provided. Loads of concentrate were conveyed from Captains Flat by road to this transfer point. The line was open to Captain's Flat under construction conditions from 28 November 1939, however Mines Department records indicate that conveyance of concentrates from the mine began in October, 1939. The Captain's Flat line opened for general traffic on 17 June 1940 when the tri-weekly rail motor service began.
Operations.
The new line was worked under Ordinary Train Staff and Ticket conditions. The length of the line was 21 miles 11.25 chains (34.02 km).
During November, 1940, a halt was provided at Hoskinstown and stops were also made at Foxlow to pick and set down passengers and parcels. The station at Captain's Flat was an island platform, however the station building was at ground level, on the down side of the platform.
Local passenger traffic was never significant. On one occasion, a direct railmotor service was provided on Saturdays between Captain's Flat and Queanbeyan and return, without proceeding into Bungendore, for the convenience of passengers wishing to spend the afternoon in Queanbeyan.
Mining operations ceased on 9 March 1962. During operations, nearly 4 million tons of ore were obtained. By April, 1964, services were reduced to just one goods train a week. 
The line closed to traffic on 28 August 1968.
Sunday, 10 August 1969 saw the temporary re-opening of the line as the location for the railway scenes in the feature film, Ned Kelly, starring Mick Jagger.
Call for Interested Parties.
In 1993, the NSW Department of Transport called for Expressions of Interest on the future use of the line. Registrations closed in August that year. It was understood that there was an interest in creating a walking track or a tourist railway over the last section of the line into Captain's Flat. By this date, the town was a fraction of its peak size.
A Canberra resident registered his interest in returning the line into an operational condition. Whilst he expected to complete his rehabilitation within 2 years, no further progress has been accomplished.

</doc>
<doc id="19556592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556592" title="1984 Australia rugby union tour of Britain and Ireland">
1984 Australia rugby union tour of Britain and Ireland

The 1984 Australia rugby union tour of Britain and Ireland was a series of eighteen matches played by the Australia national rugby union team (the Wallabies) in Britain and Ireland between 17 October and 15 December 1984. The Australian team won thirteen matches, drew one and lost four but notably won all four of their international matches.
The 1984 Wallabies were the first and only Australian side to achieve a Grand Slam doing so in four Tests against the Home Nations. This feat had been achieved five times previously, by the 1978 New Zealand All Blacks and by the South African Springboks during their tours of 1912-13, 1931–32, 1951–52 and 1960-61. Australia's classy five-eighth Mark Ella managed to score a try in every Test. The tour confirmed Australia's coming of age as a world-class rugby nation, marking the end of three difficult decades of inconsistent international performances from 1950 onwards.
The squad's leadership.
Alan Jones was widely experienced as a schoolboy coach but had had only one season coaching first-grade before his rise to the national position. He steered Manly to a surprise victory in the 1983 Sydney 1st Grade Premiership over the strong Randwick club. He was practically unknown in Australian rugby at point but set his sights on the national representative coaching job at a time when the incumbent Bob Dwyer was becoming increasingly vulnerable. Under Dwyer in 1983 the Wallabies lost a two Test series against the French, tipping Dwyer's career record to the negative with six losses, five wins and a draw. Jones publicly announced his intentions to stand against Dwyer in early 1984 and ran a media campaign that befitted his experience as a former Prime Ministerial speech writer. In February 1984 he was installed as the national coach and he set out from that point to select, train, guide and strategise Australian rugby to the summit of international success.
After failing to wrestle the Bledisloe Cup away from the All Blacks in mid-1984 (a 1-2 series loss), Jones set his sights on glory from the British Isles tour and the specific goal of winning all four of the Test matches and to eclipse the one win, three loss record of the 1981-82 Wallabies. To assist he called upon his friend, the affable Queenslander Alec Evans, a man of enormous rugby experience and knowledge. Evans became the first Assistant-Coach in the history of Wallaby tours. Tour Manager was former Wallaby Captain Charles "Chilla" Wilson who managed in the style of a "benevolent, big brother". Howell quotes Mark Ella ""I couldn't think of a better manager. I played for Australia for six years. Thank God I had Chilla Wilson for three of them. With Jonesy up there dominating everything, Chilla was the perfect foil. He was quiet, unobtrusive and didn't make a lot of noise. In fact, you wouldn't know Chilla was the manager until the time came for somebody to get up and say the right thing""
Mark Ella had captained Australia in ten Tests prior to 1984, including the eleven match Italy/France tour of 1983. However Jones had resolved that whichever side won the 1984 interstate series would provide the captain and so Andrew Slack took up the tour captaincy Howell reports that he was a popular captain, a calm organiser both on and off the field. Quiet thoughtful and intelligent but also able to pull out his guitar and bring everyone together with a few songs. Ella is also quoted ""Slacky was probably the only person who could have handled the captaincy in the British Isles. Every team needs a cornerstone and Slacky was it. We all had lots of respect for him...[on-field] his role was to settle the play down, be the link man. Not be happy-go-lucky or adventurous. Slack did it to perfection and always seemed to be there when he was wanted."'"
Jones also made a thoughtful choice in appointing his Manly club charge Steve Williams as vice-captain drawing on his front-foot leadership and strength as an enforcer. Ella is quoted again ""When Alan Jones made Steve the senior forward, it was the best thing that could have happened. He took the responsibility and really drove the forwards. his sensational jumping ...our lineout was complete""
Tour itinerary.
By 1984 the nine-month long Wallaby tours of Britain, France and North America were a thing of the past. Quick and cheap air-travel meant that a Test tour of the four Home Nations could be completed in two months but with only eighteen matches played instead of the thirty of earlier years. Varsity teams were no longer part of the schedule which favoured quality City or regional representative sides for the mid-week fixtures. The traditions of a game against Combined Services and a final tour match against the Barbarians were continued.
Tradition was also maintained with a visit by the touring party to Buckingham Palace to meet The Queen. During the audience Wallaby breakaway Chris Roche leant on an antique table which broke and crashed to the ground. Nick Farr-Jones related that Her Majesty put the visitors at ease with a laugh and a resumption of conversation.
Matches of the Tour.
"The match against Swansea was abandoned after 60 minutes due to floodlight failure."
Test Matches.
England.
By half-time the score was 3-0 to Australia from a Michael Lynagh penalty goal but soon after the break came the first try of the match. Twenty-five metres from the English line, Ella received the ball from the scrum base and began to drift across the field with the ball in hand. Lynagh, Roger Gould and David Campese all ran decoys off Ella at varying angles and the English defence were indecisive. Ella himself then changed pace and slid through the tiniest of openings for a try under the posts. Lynagh converted and later scored a try himself.
The final try was a brilliant team effort. Farr-Jones had received the ball from the line-out and passed to Gould who threw a long wayward pass which Ella salvaged in safe hands while running and leaning forward at the same time. Finding the English defence lacking in numbers, Ella passed to Campese who took off to out-sprint English winger Rory Underwood. Ella was in support but marked by English debutant Stuart Barnes. Running out of space and about to be bundled into touch, Campese lofted a pass to Simon Poidevin, who scored the final try.
AUSTRALIA: Roger Gould, David Campese, Andrew Slack (c), Michael Lynagh, Brendan Moon, Mark Ella, Nick Farr-Jones, Topo Rodriguez, Tom Lawton Jnr, Andy McIntyre, Steve Williams, Steve Cutler, Simon Poidevin, Steve Tuynman, David Codey. Res: Matthew Burke, Mark McBain, Stan Pilecki, Ross Reynolds, Philip Cox, James Black 
ENGLAND: Nick Stringer, John Carleton, Rob Lozowski, Bryan Barley, Rory Underwood, Stuart Barnes, Nigel Melville (c), Gareth Chilcott, Steve Mills (rep Steve Brain 30 mins), Gary Pearce, Jim Syddall, Nigel Redman, Jon Hall, Chris Butcher, Gary Rees. Res: Rob Andrew, Huw Davies, Richard Hill, Paul Simpson, Bob Hesford.
Ireland.
Lynagh's dropped goal was only the score in the first half and a second dropped goal, this time by Ella, put Australia 6-0 up shortly after half-time. Kiernan hit back with three successive penalties to give Ireland a 6-9 lead with seventeen minutes to go. Ella's second dropped goal of the game equalised at 9-9 and late in the game Ella delivered a try, appearing inside Campese to score after an Australian move and put Australia 13-9 ahead. Lynagh's penalty completed the scoring and Australia won 16-9.
AUSTRALIA: Roger Gould, David Campese, Andrew Slack (c), Michael Lynagh, Matthew Burke, Mark Ella, Nick Farr-Jones, Topo Rodriguez, Tom Lawton Jnr, Andy McIntyre, Steve Williams, Steve Cutler, Simon Poidevin, Steve Tuynman, Chris Roche. Res: David Codey, Stan Pilecki, Ross Reynolds, Philip Cox, James Black, Michael Hawker 
IRELAND: Hugo MacNeill, Trevor Ringland, Brendan Mullin, Moss Finn, Mike Kiernan, Paul Dean, Michael Bradley, Phil Orr, Ciaran Fitzgerald (c), JJ McCoy, Donal Lenihan, Willie Anderson, Philip Matthews, Ronan Kearney, William Sexton. Res: Mick Fitzpatrick, Harry Harbison, Brian McCall, Rab Brady, Tony Ward, John Murphy 
Wales.
The Test match venue was a wet and muddy Cardiff Arms, with the game played close among the forwards. Lawton's first try was scored within seven minutes resulting from a rehearsed move practised many times in training. Cutler won the jump in a short line-out, Poidevin set up the maul and Nick Farr-Jones made a blind-side run, putting Gould through a gap who passed to Peter Grigg. When Grigg was cornered he tossed a pass infield to Lawton who plunged over for the try.
Lyngah made it 13-0 when he scored between the posts after Farr-Jones again escaped up the short side from a scrum to set up a dazzling break by Campese. Poidevin, as ever was trailing Campo on the inside and took a pass then put Lynagh in for the try.
Halfway through the second-half a Wallaby scrum was set five metres out from the Welsh line. The Wallaby call "Samson" was made for an eight-man pushover and the Australian pack driven by its giant locks Williams and Steve Cutler set out to humiliate the Welsh eight and shove them back over the try line. The ground was taken and with the ball secure at the feet of the Wallaby second-row, Steve Tunyman fell onto it for a try and a 19-3 lead. Gould converted, then kicked a penalty goal.
However, Wales was not finished. Following a line-out close to the Australian line, Welsh halfback David Bishop leapt acrobatically to score a try, the only try scored against the Australians during the four grandslam tests. The rumour in Australia at the time was that David Bishop had been released from gaol in the previous week, to play in this match. Subsequently, Australia 'ran away' with it when Ella scored a final intercept try, to take the final score to 28-9.
AUSTRALIA: Roger Gould, David Campese, Andrew Slack (c), Michael Lynagh, Peter Grigg, Mark Ella, Nick Farr-Jones, Topo Rodriguez, Tom Lawton Jnr, Andy McIntyre, Steve Williams, Steve Cutler, Simon Poidevin, Steve Tuynman, David Codey. Res: Mark McBain, Stan Pilecki, Ross Reynolds, Philip Cox, James Black, Matthew Burke 
WALES: Mark Wyatt, Mark Titley, Rob Ackerman, Mark Ring, Phil Lewis, Malcolm Dacey, David Bishop, Ian Stephens (rep Jeff Whitefoot 27 mins), Mike Watkins (c), Ian Eidman, John Perkins, Bob Norster, Alun Davies, Eddie Butler, Dai Pickering. Res: Gwyn Evans, Gareth Davies, Ray Giles, Billy James, Gareth Roberts 
Scotland.
The prodigiously talent Ella starred in the fourth test of the tour. He threw a cut-out pass fifteen minutes into the match which led to Campese's first try and then in the second-half he executed a run-around with Roger Gould which got him over the line for his fourth try in as many matches. With fifteen minutes to go from a planned move off a two-man lineout Farr-Jones darted into the lineout to take the ball, scurry down the touchline and score in the corner.
AUSTRALIA: Roger Gould, David Campese, Andrew Slack (c), Michael Lynagh, Peter Grigg, Mark Ella, Nick Farr-Jones, Topo Rodriguez, Tom Lawton Jnr, Andy McIntyre, Steve Williams, Steve Cutler, Simon Poidevin, Steve Tuynman, David Codey. Res: Mark McBain, Stan Pilecki, Ross Reynolds, Philip Cox, James Black, Timothy Lane 
SCOTLAND: Peter Dods, Peter Steven, Alexander Kennedy, Keith Robertson, Roger Baird, Douglas Wylie, Roy Laidlaw (c), Alexander MacKenzie, Colin Deans, Iain Milne, Bill Cuthbertson, Alan Tomes, Jim Calder, John Beattie John Jeffrey. Res: Gerry McGuinness, Gary Callander, Tom Smith, Iain Hunter, Andrew Ker, Jim Renwick
Touring party.
Squad.
Tour appearances include appearances as a replacement, which are shown in brackets e.g. (1R)

</doc>
<doc id="19556593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556593" title="Derby Academy (School of Dance)">
Derby Academy (School of Dance)

Derby Academy is the oldest private dance school in Derby city centre, United Kingdom, and was founded in 1978 by its current principal, Eve Leveaux. Ms Leveaux has spent the last 30 years building the school which now has over 150 pupils working towards grades and standards primarily in the Cecchetti form of ballet.
The school occupies 261m² across 2 levels and includes 2 purpose-built dance studios complete with audio and lighting facilities for performances to audiences of 100 seats. 
Derby Academy is an Approved Dance Centre of the Imperial Society of Teachers of Dancing (ISTD) and Cecchetti ballet forms the central core of the Academy’s work.
Gordon Ramsay's Kitchen Nightmares.
In 2006 Derby Academy was approached by the Ramsay's Kitchen Nightmares production team to provide salsa dancers & tuition for the filming of an episode in the La Gondola restaurant in Derby. Two teachers and a number of pupils from Derby Academy appeared in the series 3 episode first broadcast on 14 March 2006
Patron.
Ben Wright, a former pupil of Derby Academy (School of Dance) and a successful director, choreographer and dancer, is patron of Derby Academy. Ben trained under the direction of Eve Leavaux, Derby Academy's principal, before joining Ballet Rambert. 
Past Pupils.
Notable past pupils of Derby Academy include:
Ben Wright (credits include Matthew Bourne's Swan Lake at Sadler's Wells playing the Prince)
Taira Foo (original cast member - We Will Rock You (musical), Dominion Theatre - London's West End)
History.
Derby Academy's founder and principal, Eve Leveaux, trained at Ballet Rambert in Paris, and was taught by Dame Marie Rambert before returning to England to start a family.
Derby Academy (School of Dance) is located in a former textile mill until it was lovingly restored and renovated in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="19556594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556594" title="Levan Gvazava">
Levan Gvazava

Levani Gvazava (born 8 July 1980 in Nojikhevi, Khobi District, Georgian SSR) is a Georgian footballer. He also has Russian citizenship.
In 2010, he was called up for the national team of his country for the first time.

</doc>
<doc id="19556599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556599" title="Joel Spring">
Joel Spring

Joel Spring (born in San Diego, California on September 24, 1940) is an American academic. He writes on American and global educational policy with over twenty books on these topics. His great-great-grandfather was the first Principal Chief of the Choctaw Nation in Indian Territory and his grandfather, Joel S. Spring, was a local district chief at the time Indian Territory became Oklahoma. Joel Spring worked as a railroad conductor on the Illinois Central Railroad and for many years lived each summer on an island off the coast of Sitka, Alaska. His novel, "Alaskan Visions", includes many of his Alaskan experiences.
He received his Ph.D. in educational policy studies from the University of Wisconsin–Madison. Spring’s major research interests are history of education, globalization and education, multicultural education, Native American culture, the politics of education, and human rights education. , and A New Paradigm for Global School Systems: Education for a Long and Happy Life. Some of Spring's other books are Pedagogies of Globalization: The Rise of the Educational Security State; How Educational Ideologies are Shaping Global Society; and Education and the Rise of the Global Economy. His most important textbooks are American Education (now in its 13th edition); The American School: From the Puritans to No Child Left Behind (now in its 7th edition, previously titled "The American School: 1642-2004") and Conflict of Interests: The Politics of American Education (now in its 5th edition).
His book "Wheels in the Head: Educational Philosophies of Authority, Freedom, and Culture from Socrates to Human Rights" was translated into Chinese and published by the University of Peking Press.

</doc>
<doc id="19556602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556602" title="Human Development and Capability Association">
Human Development and Capability Association

The Human Development and Capability Association (HDCA) was launched in September 2004 at the Fourth Capability Conference in Pavia, Italy. Nobel Laureate Amartya Sen was the founding President and remained President until 2006 when Martha Nussbaum became President, succeeded by Frances Stewart in 2008. The HDCA was founded to promote research from many disciplines on key problems including poverty, justice, well-being, and economics. The Association holds annual conferences; maintains a website and mailing list; supports training activities; and provides a forum in which collaborative research can emerge. The HDCA also produces a peer-reviewed journal, the Journal of Human Development: A Multi-Disciplinary Journal for People-Centered Development. The HDCA is supported by the International Development Research Centre (IDRC).

</doc>
<doc id="19556607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556607" title="Ellis River">
Ellis River

Ellis River may refer to different rivers:

</doc>
<doc id="19556613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556613" title="Jennifer Welker">
Jennifer Welker

Jennifer C. Welker (born May 9, 1977) is an American filmmaker and writer, best known for the projects War-Angels (non-profit human rights group) and the documentary "Beyond the Ribbon", which she wrote, directed and edited.
She attended New York City's Fashion Institute of Technology gaining a degree in Apparel Design. Her first design position was with apparel company IC3D assisting in the creation of "Custom Clothing". She was later to co-found "D-Jeans Inc", a custom jeans company.
In 2005 Welker was awarded a part in the “Wall of Tolerance” from the civil rights organization, Southern Poverty Law Center. Since then she has expanded into film making and documentaries.
In 2007 she started pre-production and development on the feature film "Beyond the Ribbon" which is a documentary focusing on aspects of war and what the cost may be to soldiers and refugees. She has also created a film short "Are we in the Dark" which was officially selected by the North Texas Film Festival. She has directed, written and edited for various shorts which include “Are we in the Dark”, "America Wake Up" and "Freedom to Serve".
Welker is currently working on her Novel, BIRTH OF A HERO. 
Awards.
North Texas Film Festival - Officially Selected
2005 Wall of Tolerance
References.
1. BIRTH OF A HERO~ Novel
2. JenniferWelker.com
3. Beyond the Ribbon~ The Film
4. War-Angels Org.
5. Directors Interview
6. KXLU radio Interview
7. BRT~Press
8. Brave New Films Link
9. D-Jeans Inc.
10. IC3D

</doc>
<doc id="19556621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556621" title="Todd Rock">
Todd Rock

Todd A. Rock is a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 90th legislative district and was elected in 2006.
Rock, a teacher at the Franklin County Career and Technology Center, entered the race for state representative having been motivated by the 2005 legislative pay raise.
. In the Republican primary election, Rock defeated 18-term incumbent Patrick Fleagle by 111 votes. Fleagle was able to get on the ballot by defeating Rock 339-336 as a write-in for the Democratic ballot, setting up a rematch of the two rivals in the fall. In the general election, Rock defeated Fleagle with 54% of the vote.

</doc>
<doc id="19556624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556624" title="Meettheboss">
Meettheboss

Meet The Boss TV (stylised as MeetTheBoss.tv) is an IPTV business channel for executives around the world. Covering eight channels, including Leadership, Sales, Innovation, Technology, Marketing, Strategy, Human Capital and Governance, the channel features a mixture of one-on-one interviews with Fortune 500 CEOs, business leaders and entrepreneurs, talking-heads programmes and a Meet The Ninja leadership training portal.
The site is free to sign up to and offers members access to free weekly interviews with industry leaders heading large global companies. Comment boards, articles and an editor’s blog create a dialogue between members.
Officially launched in January 2010, Meet The Boss TV has featured interviews with Tony Hsieh, CEO of Zappos.com, Herbert Hainer, CEO of Adidas and Vint Cerf, the so-called “father of the Internet.”
Meet The Boss TV is an updated version of Meettheboss.com, a business networking tool managed by publishing and events company GDS International. While the .com version allowed members to communicate with fellow executives via video calls to discuss common industry challenges, the IPTV channel operates more as a learning tool for executives.

</doc>
<doc id="19556631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556631" title="99th Air Refueling Squadron">
99th Air Refueling Squadron

The 99th Air Refueling Squadron (99 ARS) is part of the 6th Air Mobility Wing at Birmingham Air National Guard Base, Alabama. It is an Active Associate Unit; an active duty component assigned with the 117th Air Refueling Wing. The 99th Air Refueling Squadron works with, supports and flies the 117th Air Refueling Wing's KC-135 Stratotanker aircraft.
History.
Established in early 1942 initially as a long-range B-17 Flying Fortress reconnaissance squadron, later being redesignated as a heavy bomb squadron before activation in July. Was assigned to II Bomber Command as a heavy bomber Operational Training Unit (OTU). The squadron was assigned primarily to airfields in the Pacific Northwest under II BC; performing training of new units, then becoming a Replacement Training Unit (RTU). Reassigned to III Bomber Command in November 1943 when Second Air Force began to exclusively train B-29 Superfortress aircrews. Continued as a B-17 RTU until the end of heavy bomber training of replacement aircrews in May 1944; was inactivated.
Reactivated in 1957 as a KC-135 Stratotanker squadron under Strategic Air Command. It conducted Theater and overseas aerial refueling, beginning in 1958, including support of operations in Southeast Asia between 1965 and 1973. The 99th also had an airborne command post mission from, 1965–1970. It has flown worldwide aerial refueling missions since 1983 and airborne command post mission between 1984 and 1991.
The 99th supported operations in Grenada, 23–24 Oct 1983, Panama, 18–21 Dec 1989, Southwest Asia, Aug 1990 – Mar 1991, and over Bosnia, Jan–Feb 1995 and Aug 1996. It Provided personnel and aircraft for refueling aircraft enforcing no-fly zones over Iraq in 1996. In 1997 and 1998, unit resources refueled airplanes flying continuing missions along the border of Iraq in Southwest Asia. In 1998 and 1999, the squadron also supported operations over the former Yugoslavia. The squadron also refueled aircraft involved in antidrug operations over the Caribbean Sea in 1998. After the terrorist attacks on New York City and Washington, D.C., on 11 September 2001, the squadron supported Operations in Afghanistan and Iraq, the transportation of Taliban and Al Qaeda detainees to Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and counter-drug operations in South America.
In 2008, the squadron was inactivated at Robins Air Force Base, Georgia. In 2009, it was activated at Birmingham Air National Guard Base, AL under the Chief of Staff of the Air Force's Total Force Integration initiative. The squadron and its personnel remain an active duty Air Force unit with administrative control falling to the 6th Air Mobility Wing at MacDill Air Force Base, FL. Operational direction for day-to-day taskings come from the 117th Air Refueling Wing at Birmingham, AL.

</doc>
<doc id="19556638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556638" title="Frank Garcia (magician)">
Frank Garcia (magician)

Frank Garcia (May 8, 1927 – July 15, 1993) was a magician and professional gambler. He was known as "The Man With The Million Dollar Hands." His specialty was gambling scams and cheating.
The son of Spanish immigrants, he decided to become a magician after seeing a performance of David "Fu Manchu" Bamberg.
As "The Gambling Investigator" he demonstrated and exposed cheating methods at trade shows and to law enforcement organizations throughout the United States and on television shows. Frank Garcia wrote and lectured about the subject throughout his life.
Garcia made "close-up" work his domain. His repertory of card manipulations, sponge-ball magic, cups and balls, and sleight-of-hand was highly regarded by his peers.
Published works.
Garcia wrote 22 books in his life. The books were written about card cheating, gambling, and most especially close-up card magic. Some of his magic books are considered collectors items.
His most famous books were:
Death.
Frank died at age 66 on July 15, 1993 from a stroke in his apartment right before he was going to move in with his wife for the first time. His wife, Betty Moss, now lives alone with her son.

</doc>
<doc id="19556640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556640" title="National Shrine of St. Elizabeth Ann Seton">
National Shrine of St. Elizabeth Ann Seton

The National Shrine of St. Elizabeth Ann Seton in Emmitsburg, Maryland, is a U.S. religious site and educational center that pays tribute to the life and mission of Elizabeth Ann Seton (August 28, 1774 – January 4, 1821), the first native-born citizen of the United States to be canonized by the Roman Catholic Church. It is both a Minor Basilica and a National Shrine.
Site history.
Mother Seton first came to Maryland in 1808 and opened a school next to the chapel of St. Mary’s Seminary in Baltimore. A local seminarian offered her $10,000 to begin a new school to teach poor children. A farm was purchased outside of Emmitsburg, and in June 1809 Mother Seton established the Sisters of Charity community.
A local structure informally known as the Stone House, built in 1750, served as the first headquarters for the community. In 1810, she established the first free U.S. Roman Catholic school for girls. The school initially met in the one-room building called the White House, which was built in 1810. After her death, Mother Seton was buried at a cemetery in Emmitsburg that she once dubbed "God's Little Acre."
The shrine complex.
The Stone House, the White House and the cemetery have been incorporated into the grounds of the shrine, which also includes a basilica, a museum, the Mortuary Chapel where Mother Seton prayed, and a visitors center. The shrine is part of the Archdiocese of Baltimore and is a destination for many Roman Catholics on a religious pilgrimage.
The shrine’s basilica was dedicated in 1965. Mother Seton was canonized in 1975, and her remains were moved from the "God’s Little Acre" cemetery to the basilica. In 1991, the shrine’s chapel was designated as a Minor Basilica by Pope John Paul II. The formal designatation ceremony took place on August 4, 1991, under the guidance of Archbishop Agostino Cacciavilan, the Apostolic Pro-Nuncio to the United States.
The shrine hosts an annual event in celebration of Mother Seton by honoring all girls and women named "Elizabeth" and "Elizabeth Ann." Those bearing that name take part in a special procession during mass where they enter the basilica together carrying a banner, and two women in the procession are chosen to venerate Mother Seton by carrying flower vases to the saint's tomb.

</doc>
<doc id="19556647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556647" title="List of Batfink episodes">
List of Batfink episodes

The following is a list of all 100 five-minute episodes of the "Batfink" cartoon series.

</doc>
<doc id="19556659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556659" title="Kim-Roar Hansen">
Kim-Roar Hansen

Kim-Roar Hansen (born 24 March 1984) is a retired Norwegian ski jumper.
In the World Cup he finished five times among the top 15, with a twelfth place from Trondheim in December 2002 as his best result.

</doc>
<doc id="19556670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556670" title="B.C. Division">
B.C. Division

The WHL's B.C. Division (British Columbia Division) was formed in 2001 as part of the Western Conference in a league realignment, the predecessor of which was the West Division. As its name suggests, the teams are from British Columbia, which is just north of Washington. The aforementioned league realignment divided the WHL into two conferences of two divisions each: Eastern Conference: East Division; Central Division; Western Conference: B.C. Division; and the U.S. Division.

</doc>
<doc id="19556672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556672" title="John S. Clark">
John S. Clark

John S. Clark (21 March 1885 – 1 June 1956) was a Scottish entomologist well known for his study of ants in Western Australia from 1920 until 1956.
Born in Glasgow, Clark first arrived in Australia some time in the late 1910s. On 1 October 1920, he started work with the Western Australia department of agriculture, where he picked up his passion for entomology. 
In 1926 he became a full-time entomologist at the National Museum in Melbourne. He spent the rest of his life exploring Australia, during which time he discovered several new species of ant. Ants and other 'economic' insects were his specialty, and he continued working and studying until his death aged 71.

</doc>
<doc id="19556676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556676" title="Onchan (parish)">
Onchan (parish)

Onchan (pronounced onk-an), is a parish ( – Kirk Conchan) in the Isle of Man. It is also a House of Keys constituency, electing three MHKs. It is in the sheading of Garff, but was formerly in the sheading of Middle.
Parish.
The village of Onchan (formerly known as Kirk Conchan, as it was dedicated to St. Conchan) is situated on a headland to the north of Douglas, of which it is a suburb, and has good views over Douglas Bay. The parish stretches from Windy Corner on the TT course in the north to Port Groudle and the town of Douglas in the south; it is bounded to the west by the River Glass and the East Baldwin Valley, to the east by the parish of Lonan and to the south by the Irish Sea. The main settlement in the parish is the village of Onchan which has the second largest population on the island.
The coastline comprises the northern part of Douglas Bay and the Banks' Howe headland, which is high. The highest peak in the parish is Cairn Gerjoil, near Windy Corner, at .
The parish is largely agricultural and has only one centre of population, Onchan village. Apart from the hilly region in the north west, it is a fertile and well-cultivated district. Along the hillside near Douglas there are country villas. The parish also has several large reservoirs that store water for Douglas and the surrounding villages.
The parish has three National Glens: Molly Quirk's Glen, Groudle Glen and Bibaloe Walk, which end at Groudle Beach, where there is holiday accommodation. The Groudle Glen Railway line runs along the coast line from Lhen Coan to the Headland and then on to the terminus at Sea Lion Rocks where passengers can alight and see the remains of the Victorian zoo which until World War II housed sea lions and polar bears.
Like the other parishes on the island, Onchan was historically subdivided into "treens": areas of land bounded by natural features such as rivers. According to the 1511 Manorial Roll, Onchan contained the following treens:
Onchan wetlands.
The Onchan Wetlands () is a reserve in Onchan village which contains a variety of habitats. The site was donated to the Manx Wildlife Trust in 1988. It is open to the public for viewing and has a boardwalk which is suitable for wheelchair users.
The site contains "curragh" (wetlands - willow scrub), broadleaved trees, "dub" (pond), neutral grassland and embankments of tall grassland. This variety of habitats leads to a diversity of wildlife and plant life. Some of the plants/trees that grow there are silver birch, ash, holly, rowan, marsh marigold, yellow flag, reed canary grass, hemlock water-dropwort, woody nightshade and cuckoo flower. Among the wide variety of birds on the site are the grey wagtail, goldcrest, woodcock, chiffchaff and hen harrier. There are also invertebrates, bats, and many frogs and spawn in early summer.

</doc>
<doc id="19556683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556683" title="West-Vlieland">
West-Vlieland

West-Vlieland (also known as Westeyende) () was a village on the island of Vlieland in the province Friesland, the Netherlands. It was gradually lost to the advancement of the sea up to 1736, when only two houses remained. The former site of the village is now 15 fathoms (27 m) below sea level. The village had its own town hall, church, school, poorhouse and mill which was built in 1647.

</doc>
<doc id="19556689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556689" title="Arthur Bellamy">
Arthur Bellamy

Arthur Bellamy (5 April 1942 – 22 January 2014) was an English footballer who played as an inside forward for Burnley and Chesterfield.
Biography.
Arthur Bellamy was born on 5 April 1942 in the village of Blackhill, County Durham. As a youngster, he supported Sunderland. He worked as an apprentice welder with the Consett Iron Company before becoming a professional footballer. After his playing career ended, he lived in Burnley where he worked as a milkman and later owned a fish and chip shop. In 1979, he returned to Burnley F.C. as reserve team coach before being appointed assistant manager under Brian Miller in 1986. He then became youth coach under Frank Casper and later head groundsman at Turf Moor, before retiring in April 2007. Upon his retirement, he was presented a lifetime achievement award by Burnley manager Steve Cotterill.
Football career.
Bellamy was spotted at the age of 15 by Burnley scout Jack Hixon while playing for the Consett Iron Company works team and was offered a trial at the club in 1958. He was offered a professional deal by Burnley manager Harry Potts in 1959 and spent the first three years of his career in the junior and reserve sides. He was part of the Burnley 'A' and reserve sides that won the Lancashire League and Central League respectively during the 1961–62 season. Bellamy scored on his first-team debut in the 5–2 victory over Manchester City on 26 March 1963. He made another 12 appearances during the remainder of the season, scoring once more. The 1963–64 campaign proved to be Bellamy's most prolific as he netted 8 goals in 17 league matches. He never established himself as a first-team regular during 10 seasons with Burnley, playing in around half the team's matches each year. His highest number of matches played in a season came in 1967–68 when he appeared in 38 league and cup games. In total, Bellamy amassed 250 appearances for the club in all competitions, scoring 29 goals.
Bellamy transferred to Third Division outfit Chesterfield in July 1972 for a fee of £10,000 and made his league debut for the club on 12 August 1972 in the 4–1 home win against Oldham Athletic. In contrast to his time with Burnley, Bellamy was a regular fixture in the Chesterfield side throughout his four seasons with the club. He went on to make 133 league appearances and score 12 league goals for Chesterfield before being released in the summer of 1976 and subsequently retiring from football.
Bellamy died in Pendleside hospice near Burnley on the morning of 22nd of January 2014 

</doc>
<doc id="19556699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556699" title="Great Raise Houston">
Great Raise Houston

The Great Raise Houston is a non-profit organization based in Houston, Texas that was founded by Uchenna and Joyce Agu, winners of "The Amazing Race 7". The organization raises funds for Casa de Esparanza and the Houston Food Bank.
Programs.
The first "Great Raise" took place in May 2008 with 10 two-member teams completing missions in the Houston area.

</doc>
<doc id="19556715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556715" title="William Thirning">
William Thirning

William Thirning KS (died 1413) was a British justice. He served as a commissioner of the peace in 1377 in Northamptonshire and as a commissioner of Oyer and terminer in Bedfordshire in the same year, as well as a Justice of Assize for Yorkshire, Northumberland, Cumberland and Westmorland in June 1880 before becoming a Serjeant-at-law in 1383. He was made a King's Serjeant in 1388, and a justice of the Court of Common Pleas on 11 April of the same year, becoming Chief Justice on 15 January 1396. Thirning took a leading role in the deposition of Richard II 1399, obtaining his renunciation of the throne on 29 September and announcing it in Parliament the following day, before personally announcing the sentence to Richard on 1 October. He continued to be Chief Justice throughout the reign of Henry IV and was reappointed by Henry V when he took the throne in 1413; he died soon after, as his successor was appointed on 26 June.

</doc>
<doc id="19556716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556716" title="Work (The Saturdays song)">
Work (The Saturdays song)

"Work" is the fifth single from British-Irish girl group The Saturdays. The pop song was written by Ina Wroldsen, Harry Sommerdahl and Kalle Engström. "Work" was released on 29 June 2009 as the final single from the group's debut album, "Chasing Lights". The single was released by Fascination Records in the United Kingdom and Europe, while releasing the single in Ireland under the label of Polydor Records.
The song was released with a music video, which was filmed on 16 May 2009 at Shepperton Studios. The music video features a different beat to the single. The music video became the bands most viewed video (at the time of the release), and which took concept of the band's upcoming tour to be titled "The Work Tour". "Work", kicked the tour off, by having clips of the music video, where they do the catwalk.
Although the song was a fan favourite, the single failed to gain the success as the band's four previous singles. The song charted at number twenty-two on the UK Singles Chart, number twenty-one on the Irish Singles Chart and sixty-eight on the European Hot 100 Singles. "Work" has become the band's lowest charting single in the UK to date, with "Work" being one of three The Saturdays singles which have not charted inside of the UK Top 10. The next was "My Heart Takes Over" in late 2011, before "Gentleman" suffered a similar fate in 2013. The single was remixed by audio and music technician, Phil Tan for its release.
Background.
"Work" was originally scheduled to be released as the third single from "Chasing Lights", but the song "Issues" was released instead. Then it was rescheduled to be the fourth single, but was pushed back once again as they were given opportunity to record the 2009 Comic Relief Single, a cover of Depeche Mode's "Just Can't Get Enough".
Its CD single release coincided with the group's first series of headline gigs, The Work Tour, in June 2009. 
"Work" debuted at number forty-eight on the UK Singles Chart on 13 June 2009 solely on digital downloads and it went on to peak at number twenty-two, making it their lowest-charting single to date, as well as their first to miss the top ten and the top twenty.
Mollie King opens the song and sings the first verse, the first bridge and a backing vocal during the second bridge. Una Healy sings backing vocals during the first bridge and adlibs in the final chorus. Vanessa White sings the second verse, leads the chorus, adlibs on the final chorus and closes the song. Frankie Sandford sings the second bridge and small adlib between the final chorus and the end of the song. Rochelle Wiseman sings the third bridge and does adlibs in the final chorus.
Critical reception.
"Work" received generally positive reviews from pop music critics. In a review for Digital Spy, Nick Levine described the song as "sparky electropop" that has a "memorable chorus." Later Digital Spy said of the video: "Adopting the classic girlband-in-a-warehouse theme, the ladies strut their stuff down a makeshift catwalk, tease the camera seductively and even attempt a few risqué dance moves. This video won't set the world alight with its dazzling originality, but it nicely complements a real thumper of a song." Jon O'Brien of Allmusic described the track as "muscular dance-pop" and compared it to the music of Rihanna. BBC Music wrote that "tracks like 'Work'...can be skipped in an instant and have 'filler' written all over." PrincessF1 of "Dooyoo" compared the song to Kelly Rowland's song, which was titled "Work" also, by saying it was "very dancey". She later went onto say that the single sounded a bit like Dizzee Rascal's music. She later said "This is yet another song that to me doesn't stand out to me on the album there are deffinatly better tracks on the album surrounding it." "Ciao!" stated "I didn't really like it. I heard it a few days ago, however, and I was like 'oh my god! I love this song!'. So, therefore, I would say this song is the kind of song which depends on which mood you are in on whether you like it or not. Since, then I have heard a couple of times more, and sometimes I'm like 'I Love it!' and other times I'm like 'argh! it's so annoying!" He went on to say. "The song is very catchy and has somewhat of a 'girl power' feel to it, as it's quite 'loud'. It's a bouncy kind of song, which makes you just want to get up and dance up and down, which makes it a great song for a party. It has a real 'pop' sound to it."
Music video.
Background.
Before the release of "Work", the music video recorded and was directed by JT, on 16 May 2009. The video was set at Shepperton Studios in Spelthorne, Surrey. The music video has a different tune to the single version, the video version was a remix of the song, which has a heavier instrumentation and a thicker bassline, produced by music engineer, Phil Tan. Throughout the whole video, the band are seen walking the catwalk in 'sexy' black outfits, apart from Vanessa. Within the warehouse the group dances and walks provocatively on a catwalk. Each group member is dressed in a black outfit, except White, who is dressed in a pink catsuit. In the latter part of the video, they are accompanied by male dancers, who are also dressed in black outfits. The video premièred on MSN Video on 27 May 2009. On 25 June 2009, Matt Edmondson presented "The Saturdays at Work", a FIVER behind-the-scenes documentary following the making of the video. Some music channels have also been showing the " 'Cahill Radio Edit' " remix of the song. The video for this version of the song is exactly the same but features streaks of colour which have been digitally super-imposed upon the original imagery.
Synopsis.
As the video begins, there's a little girl walking around an abandoned warehouse, where there are posters of The Saturdays on the wall (the posts are off the album, "Chasing Lights" cover). Then as the music starts, King appears to start the song off, walking down the catwalk, then the rest of the girls are behind her, then the band spent out. The little girl hears the sound of the girls singing and dancing, and she walks up the stairs to see what the noise is, and spots the band singing and dancing.
Chart performance.
"Work" became their first single not to chart within the top 10 in the United Kingdom, charting at number twenty-two on the UK Singles Chart, twenty-one on the Irish Singles Chart and sixty-eight on the European Hot 100 Singles. "Work" was the only single released by The Saturdays, ever to have not charted on the Scottish Singles Chart. To date the single has been the lowest selling single, plus the lowest chart position by the band. Unfortunately the release of "Work" also coincided with the death of Michael Jackson, causing a lower than expected peak chart position. It's also their only single to reach a higher position in Ireland than in the UK.

</doc>
<doc id="19556721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556721" title="Webster University Thailand">
Webster University Thailand

Webster University – Thailand is an American accredited college with an undergraduate campus located near the resort town of Hua Hin and graduate studies in Bangkok, Thailand. Webster-Thailand is a small international university that offers education with a global outlook, part of a network of seven US-accredited campuses under the leadership of Webster University, St. Louis, Missouri, USA.
Undergraduate programs.
In the School of Business and Technology, Webster-Thailand currently offers undergraduate degrees in Business Administration, Management, Management with emphasis on International Business, and Management with emphasis on Marketing.
In the Webster School of Communications, the Webster-Thailand campus offers undergraduate degrees in Media Communications and Advertising/Marketing.
In the Webster College of Arts and Sciences, it offers undergraduate degrees in International Relations and Psychology.
In addition, students may opt to add an academic minor to any of their degree programs. Webster-Thailand offers minors in a wide range of subjects, including Computer Applications, Political Science, Mathematics, and Religious Studies.
Graduate programs.
Webster-Thailand currently offers three masters degree programs: Masters in Business Administration (MBA), Masters in International Relations (MAIR), and a Masters of Media Communications.
Bangkok Center.
In addition to the main campus in Cha-am, Webster-Thailand also has offices and classroom facilities at the Bangkok Center in the Maneeya Building in Bangkok's business district. Courses in the MBA and MAIR program are taught there so that working professionals in Bangkok can participate in these degree programs.
Students and student activities.
The Thailand campus currently has students from Asia, Europe, Africa, and America. About 35% of the students are from America, and there are a number of students from other campuses in the Webster network and students on Study Abroad programs.
Students at Webster-Thailand have several options regarding housing. The university maintains student housing at two beachfront condominium complexes on the outskirts of Hua Hin. The school provides tour-bus transportation to and from the campus and also to and from Hua Hin town and the main shopping center. Students can also arrange to rent housing in Hua Hin town.

</doc>
<doc id="19556736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556736" title="Song for Guy">
Song for Guy

"Song for Guy" is a mainly instrumental piece of music by Elton John. It is the closing track of his 1978 album, "A Single Man".
Musical structure.
Elton said this in the sleeve notes of the 7" single:
The song opens with an octaved solo piano. Shortly after the intro, a percussion section comes in, with additional wind chimes and synthesizers layered in as the melody repeats. The song is instrumental until the end, in which the line ' "Life isn't everything" 'is repeated over the primary melody line of the song.
It stands as one of the few songs written by John alone.
Performance.
This song has been a live staple in Europe where it is well-known. In 1992, Elton played it together with "Your Song" to close some concerts. It was also one of his most successful singles in his homeland, peaking at #4 in January 1979, and remaining on the chart for ten weeks. It wasn't released in the U.S. until March 1979 where it barely made the charts, peaking at #110. It was a modest success, though, on the American adult contemporary charts, where it peaked at #37 in the spring of 1979.
The single version cut one and a half minutes from the song. On "The Very Best of Elton John", this is mistaken as the duration when it is actually the album version that appears.
The song is also used in the seventh episode of "Diamonds in the Sky", the BBC, Channel 9 Perth 1979 co-production about the history of commercial aviation.

</doc>
<doc id="19556793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556793" title="Steven Blakeley">
Steven Blakeley

Steven Blakeley (born 26 February 1982) is a British actor, best known for his role as PC Geoff Younger in the British police drama "Heartbeat".
Early life.
Steven Blakeley was born in Chesterfield, Derbyshire in 1982 and was brought up in the Derbyshire mining town of Bolsover. He attended local schools and was initially interested in pursuing a medical career, before turning his attentions to performing.
Career.
Blakeley started his career as a member of the Derby Playhouse Community and Youth Theatre companies, before going on to work professionally at Derby Playhouse. He trained as an actor at the Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama in Glasgow and at the Athanor Theater Akademie in Germany and has also studied with the Open University. His theatre credits include national tours of "Dry Rot" and "Funny Peculiar", "Diary of a Nobody" at the Royal and Derngate, "Selling the Sizzle", "Bare Words", "A Midsummer Night's Dream", "Peter Pan", "The Hypochondriac", "Soap" and "Cold Turkey".
As well as appearing in four series of ITV1's "Heartbeat", he has made guest appearances in ITV's "Emmerdale" and has performed in radio plays for the BBC. He has also appeared in several television commercials. In 2006, he was a nominee in the category of Best Newcomer at the National Television Awards. Blakeley played Puck in "A Midsummer Night’s Dream" and Verges in "Much Ado About Nothing" with the British Shakespeare Company on their 2009 tour of the United Kingdom, Dublin, Norway and Prague.
Blakeley also works as an acting and drama teacher and theatre director.
Since 2009, he has appeared in pantomime at the Theatre Royal Windsor, playing pantomime dame in "Cinderella", "Sleeping Beauty" and "Jack and the Beanstalk", which he also wrote and directed. In 2010, he was acting at Derby Theatre.

</doc>
<doc id="19556814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556814" title="Beijing Institute of Foreign Trade">
Beijing Institute of Foreign Trade

The Beijing Institute of Foreign Trade is the predecessor of the University of International Business and Economics

</doc>
<doc id="19556815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556815" title="Iridium tetrafluoride">
Iridium tetrafluoride

Iridium(IV) fluoride is a chemical compound of iridium and fluorine, with the chemical formula IrF4 and is a dark brown solid. Early reports of IrF4 prior to 1965 are questionable and appear to describe the compound IrF5. The solid can be prepared by reduction of IrF5 with iridium black or reduction with H2 in aqueous HF The crystal structure of the solid is notable as it was the first example of a three-dimensional lattice structure found for a metal tetrafluoride and subsequently
RhF4, PdF4 and PtF4 have been found to have the same structure. The structure has 6 coordinate, octahedral, iridium where two edges of the octahedra are shared and the two unshared fluorine atoms are "cis" to one another.

</doc>
<doc id="19556816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556816" title="American Society for Parenteral and Enteral Nutrition">
American Society for Parenteral and Enteral Nutrition

The American Society for Parenteral and Enteral Nutrition (A.S.P.E.N.) is an interdisciplinary organization whose members are involved in the provision of clinical nutrition therapies, including parenteral and enteral nutrition. 
The American Society for Parenteral and Enteral Nutrition (A.S.P.E.N.) is dedicated to improving patient care by advancing the science and practice of nutrition support therapy. Founded in 1976, A.S.P.E.N. is an interdisciplinary organization whose members are involved in the provision of clinical nutrition therapies, including parenteral and enteral nutrition. With more than 5,500 members from around the world, A.S.P.E.N. is a community of dietitians, nurses, pharmacists, physicians, scientists, students and other health professionals from every facet of nutrition support clinical practice, research and education.
Mission.
to improve patient care by advancing the science and practice of clinical nutrition and metabolism.
Vision.
A.S.P.E.N. envisons an environment in which every patient receives safe, efficacious, and high quality nutrition care.
What is Nutrition Support Therapy?
All people need food to live. Sometimes a person cannot eat any or enough food because of an illness. The stomach or bowel may not be working quite right, or a person may have had surgery to remove part or all of these organs. Under those conditions, nutrition must be supplied in a different way.
Nutrition can be provided either via tube feedings into the digestive tract (enteral nutrition) or, when the digestive tract cannot be used, via an intravenous solution into the veins (parenteral nutrition). The amount, type, and route of nutrition are tailored specifically to each patient with the goal being to improve patient outcomes, minimize infections, and allow patients to live their lives as normally as possible. Patients can receive these therapies in the hospital, at home, or in rehabilitation or long-term care facilities.
Nutrition Support Professionals work in a variety of settings including hospitals, home care agencies, long-term care facilities, research, and academia. They include dietitians, pharmacists, nurses, and physicians and may work either independently or as part of a Nutrition Support Team. They are specialists in providing and managing enteral and parenteral nutrition in diverse patient populations from pediatrics to geriatrics.
Nutrition Support Therapy.
The provision of oral, enteral or parenteral nutrients to treat or prevent malnutrition. This includes, but is not limited to, provision of total enteral or parenteral nutrition support and provision of therapeutic nutrients to maintain or restore optimal nutrition status and health.
Parenteral Nutrition (PN).
Is one of the ways people receive food when they cannot eat. It is a special liquid food mixture given into the blood with a needle through a vein. The mixture contains all the protein, sugars, fat, vitamins, minerals, and other nutrients needed. It was once called "total parenteral nutrition," "TPN," or "hyperalimentation." 
Enteral Nutrition (EN).
Is another way people can receive the food they need. Also called "tube feeding," enteral nutrition is a mixture of all the needed nutrients. It is thicker than parenteral nutrition and sometimes it looks like a milk shake. It is given through a tube in the stomach or small intestine.

</doc>
<doc id="19556824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556824" title="Toranomon, Minato, Tokyo">
Toranomon, Minato, Tokyo

TV Tokyo, Japan Tobacco, Fuji Fire and Marine Insurance, and Mitsui O.S.K. Lines have their headquarters in Toranomon.
In the 1970s through mid-1990s Japan Air System (originally Toa Domestic Airlines) was headquartered in the in Toranomon.
Air China has its Tokyo offices in the Air China Building in Toranomon.

</doc>
<doc id="19556826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556826" title="Dan Moul">
Dan Moul

Daniel "Dan" Moul is a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 91st District and was elected in 2006.
Prior to elective office, Moul attended New Oxford High School and earned a degree in finance at York College in 1980. He also worked in sales and supervision at Utz Quality Foods, Inc. and as a self-employed real estate renovator.
Since July 2007, Moul has served on the Interstate Commission on the Potomac River Basin.

</doc>
<doc id="19556837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556837" title="My Arms Keep Missing You">
My Arms Keep Missing You

"My Arms Keep Missing You" was a song released as the second half of a double A-side single performed by Rick Astley in 1987. The first A-side is the pop standard "When I Fall in Love". "My Arms Keep Missing You" was released as an independent single in Germany and reached #6. It later appeared on remastered album Hold Me In Your Arms 2010 as a bonus track.

</doc>
<doc id="19556844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556844" title="Stile (disambiguation)">
Stile (disambiguation)

A stile is a structure such as steps allowing pedestrians to cross a hedge or fence. Stile may also mean:

</doc>
<doc id="19556854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556854" title="Concrete moisture meter">
Concrete moisture meter

A concrete moisture meter is a type of moisture meter used by installers of flooring to measure the moisture levels of concrete. These meters have been used for decades to measure the moisture content in different materials and substances. Concrete meters have evolved from the successful wood moisture meter as flooring contractors tried to use their wood meters to measure the moisture in concrete. 
Concrete moisture meters are designed to detect moisture to a depth of 1” of a concrete slab in order to avoid the rebar reinforcement below the surface. They are designed to be used as a relative test. The meters are used to “‘Spot check’ the top surface at one particular location on the slab.” The results can determine the best place to put a concrete relative humidity test. 
Limitations.
There is no ASTM standard for using a concrete moisture meter to determine a final moisture content reading.
Concrete moisture meters, either non-pin or pin meters are affected by what it sees in the concrete. This can be anything from the density of the concrete and aggregate size to the chemical properties of the slab.
Uncovered concrete dries from the top down. Concrete moisture meters measure only the top inch at most and this area is drier than the concrete further down. Once a floor covering has been installed the moisture in the slab equilibrates. In order to ensure the equilibrated moisture will be a safe level for a floor covering, a relative humidity sensor must be drilled and placed at 40% of the depth of the slab. This depth has been proven to be the relative humidity percentage that the slab will equilibrate once the top has been covered by a floor covering.

</doc>
<doc id="19556856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556856" title="Nash Community College">
Nash Community College

Nash Community College is a Community College in Nash County, North Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="19556861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556861" title="Sports ticket derivative">
Sports ticket derivative

A sports ticket derivative is a type of futures contract specifically for sports tickets. Typical terms of a ticket future contract stipulate that a ticket to a specific game (typically a championship game, such as Super Bowl or World Series) is delivered to the holder of the contract contingent on a specific team making it to that event. Ticket futures were first offered by yoonew in 2004, under the title of Team Fantasy Seats.
History.
Sports ticket futures were first offered in 2004 by yoonew. They came in the form of Team Fantasy Seats which allowed investors and fans to buy a contract for a Super Bowl or NCAA Final Four ticket contingent on a specific team reaching the event.
As of September, 2008, yoonew has offered sports ticket derivatives for the Super Bowl, NFC Championship Game, AFC Championship Game, NCAA Men's Final Four, College Football BCS National Championship Game, NBA Finals, MLB World Series, Stanley Cup Finals, and UEFA European Football Championship. Launching in 2011 Ticketscore.com is the current leader within this marketplace offering ticket derivatives for the NFL,MLB,NHL,NBA and major collegiate sports.
How it works.
For example, you could purchase a Team Fantasy Seat through yoonew for the New York Giants at a market-based price. If the Giants make it to the Super Bowl, the holder of the contract receives a Super Bowl ticket at no additional cost. Ticketscore.com allows you to "buy in" to a price reduced team contract and pay over a term of up to 26 weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="19556866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556866" title="Sjeng (chess)">
Sjeng (chess)

Sjeng is a championship-winner automated chess engine developed by Gian-Carlo Pascutto from Belgium. 
Sjeng is able to make use of multiple computer processors and is able to play some chess variants, such as Chess960, crazyhouse and giveaway chess. An earlier open source version of Sjeng has been the engine of the standard Mac OS X Chess application since Mac OS X v10.4.
Sjeng won the World Computer Speed Chess Championship in 2008, and the World Computer Chess Championship in 2009. It also won the Internet Computer Chess Tournament in 2010 and 2011.
The author has also branched into computer Go, selling a strong program named Leela.

</doc>
<doc id="19556886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556886" title="Sud-Ouest">
Sud-Ouest

Sud-Ouest (French for southwest) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19556898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556898" title="Sud-Est">
Sud-Est

Sud-Est (French for southeast) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19556923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556923" title="Upin &amp; Ipin">
Upin &amp; Ipin

Upin & Ipin in Malaysia is a Malaysian television series of animated shorts produced by Les' Copaque Production, which features the life and adventures of the eponymous twin brothers in a fictional Malaysian kampung. Originally a side project for the blockbuster animated film "", "Upin & Ipin" was introduced on TV9 and in 13 September 2007 as a eight-episode Ramadan/Eid special, to instil significance of the Islamic holy month amongst children. To date, the series has reached its fourth season, including another Ramadan special season in 2008, and, season three onwards, the year-long, more general themed "Upin & Ipin and Friends" is Upin and Ipin television series of animated shorts at Asia is under the coordination production by Les' Copaque Production developer for Walt Disney Television Malaysia (Walt Disney) coordination production of Asia and Malaysia, and coordination broadcasting at Malaysian between Asia, the series' international debut vista broadcasting Disney Channel Asia, with more concentrating on telling the lives of Upin and Ipin with their friends on normal days.
Background.
Upin and Ipin are five-year-old Malay twins who and their elder sister Ros and grandmother Uda (whom they call Opah) in a kampung house in Kampung Durian Runtuh. They have lost their parents in their infancy. Upin and Ipin study in the village's Tadika Mesra (Preschool Family), where they with a group of classmates, including the adorable and right-thinking Mei Mei, a joker and poetic Jarjit Singh, the clumsy and short-tempered Ehsan, an easygoing and sarcastic Fizi (Ehsan's cousin), and an entrepreneual and meticulous Mail.
The headman of Kampung Durian Runtuh is Isnin bin Khamis, better known as Tok Dalang Ranggi, the wayang kulit champion. Tok Dalang keeps a cluster of rambutan trees for commercial purposes, and a rooster named "Rembo". Among the village's other notable residents are Muthu, owner of the village's only food stall who lives with his animal whisperer son Rajoo and pet steer Sapy; Salleh (Sally), a transgender-apparent who owns a mobile library; and Ah Tong, a strident-voiced vegetable farmer. A new character was later added in the series who is an Indonesian girl named Susanti who moved in with her family.
Broadcast history.
Season 1 (2007).
The first season of "Upin & Ipin" was aired on Fridays, Saturdays, and Sundays, 7.30 pm, in conjunction with Ramadan and Aidilfitri, which tells of the twins Upin and Ipin on their first fasting months. The first four shorts debuted early in the holy months, followed by repeats from 22 September to 11 October, finally ending with two final episodes premiering on Hari Raya itself. This series bore away the Best Animation award in the 2007 Kuala Lumpur International Film Festival.
Season 2 (2008).
The second series, under its full title "Upin & Ipin: Setahun Kemudian", went on air in conjunction with Ramadan again, with 12 new episodes, the first six of which were aired and repeated on Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays, 7.00 pm throughout Ramadan while the other six premiered for Hari Raya from 1 till 6 of Shawal. This season was sponsored by Colgate-Palmolive Malaysia via its Colgate Kayu Sugi toothpaste.
Season 3 (2009).
Under the new full title "Upin & Ipin dan Kawan-Kawan", a third season of the series premiered on TV9 on 2 February 2009, with each episode lasting up to seven minutes. As a year-long production season, it had frequent in-season breaks filled by repeats, and also experienced some schedule changes. From 14 May, the TV series received major sponsorship from TM, which placed its brand on the show to this date. In the year-end school break season, it became apparent that new episodes are strategically debuted on school holidays, with new episodes premiering on Mondays, Tuesdays and Wednesdays, 5.30 pm (repeats for the rest of the week) throughout the eight-week holiday season. This is also the first season of "Upin & Ipin" for the international market, airing on Disney Channel Asia beginning 15 November 2009 with dubs in English (the official dub, as the credits and episode titles are in English as well), Mandarin and other languages.
Season 4 (2010).
Season four of "Upin & Ipin dan Kawan-kawan" debuted on TV9 on 15 March 2010 with the episode "Juara Kampung (Part 1)", with a brand new opening sequence and color pencil and exercise book-themed title card. The main focus on this season is as a tribute to sports, as it was developed in a year full of sport events. Season 4 was co-sponsored by TM.
Season 5 (2011).
Season 5 debuted on TV9 on 12 March 2011 with the episode "Belajar Lagi". As with previous seasons it opens with a new sequence, now based on a papercraft theme. This season airs every Saturday night at 6:30pm.
Season 6 (2012).
Season 6 aired every Sunday at 6pm on TV9.
Season 7 (2013).
Upin and Ipin will start their fun story with the Chinese New Year story as the seventh season's premier. The episodes air on Saturday evenings at 6:30pm. The first episode was scheduled to air on 2 March 2013, but due to technical problems the first episode have been pushed to 9 March 2013.
Settings.
In a harmonious village called " Kampung Durian Runtuh"
Developer for Walt Disney Television Malaysia.
In 2014, it was announced that Upin & Ipin between Les' Copaque Production Sdn. Bhd., coordination production of ages was known as it aired in summer of 2014, Walt Disney Television Malaysia It features Upin, Ipin, Izat, Dzul, Susanti, Abang Salleh, Mei Mei, Devi, Jarjit, FiZi, Ehsan and Jarjit as with characters Cikgu Jasmin of Upin & Ipin characters was Upin and Ipin on Disney Channel. It is Upin & Ipin coordination production company developer for Les' Copaque Production and Walt Disney Television Malaysia (Walt Disney) since the Disney Channel Asia broadcasting production. Walt Disney Acquisition of Les' Copaque Production Sdn. Bhd. developer for Walt Disney Television Malaysia successors in 2014.
Comics.
Since December 2009, "Upin & Ipin" have been adapted into a monthly comic magazine series, aptly titled "Majalah Komik Upin & Ipin" to be circulated all over Malaysia, published by Nyla Sdn Bhd. Targeted at young readers, the magazine features screenshot comics of the "Upin & Ipin" TV series and the "Geng: Pengembaraan Bermula" film, voice actor and production crew profiles, and learning and activity sections.
Reception and influence.
The "Upin & Ipin" franchise has wielded its influence in countries of the Malay archipelago, notably in Malaysia and Indonesia which share linguistic and cultural similarities. Its first season landed its first award, for Best Animation in KLIFF 2007.
While season two was on air on Ramadan 2008, it was reportedly watched by 1.5 million viewers on TV9, making it the second most-watched animated series on all of Malaysian television, right behind "Doraemon" (1.6 mil), yet ahead of "SpongeBob SquarePants" (800,000). The popularity of "Upin & Ipin" could have attributed to the commercial success of Malaysia's first CGI-animated feature film, "" (2009), which featured the twin characters Upin and Ipin, propelling it into the RM 6.31 million mark throughout its seven-week run in Malaysian cinemas as one of the highest-grossing Malay-language films in history.
As the third season reaches its conclusion in late 2009, TV9 reports that "Upin & Ipin" was viewed by 1.6 million, making it the second most-viewed programme on the channel, just behind the free TV premiere of "Geng" which was watched by 2.45 million (scoring TVR 12.8).
Indonesia has been the most obvious export market for "Upin & Ipin". In 2009, MNCTV which airs the series in the republic reported a TVR of 10.5. Upin & Ipin has also been praised by the Indonesian press; for instance, Fadil Abidin for "Analisa" who remarked on the vastness of moral content and Islamic values, such as respect for those of different ethnic or religious backgrounds, in a communal setting consisting not only of Malays, Chinese and Indian Malaysians, but also Indonesians.
In March 2010, as the Balinese Hindu community prepare for Nyepi, images of ogoh-ogoh (demonic effigies used for the famed "ngrupuk" ritual on the eve of Nyepi) which largely resemble Upin & Ipin were exposed on Indonesian media. The effigy reportedly cost 4 million rupiah.

</doc>
<doc id="19556937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556937" title="John Beach">
John Beach

Major John Beach (January 1, 1812 – August 31, 1874) was a United States Army officer during the Black Hawk and American Civil War as well as the last US Indian Agent to the Sac and Fox tribes. A son-in-law to General Joseph Street, Beach succeeded him as agent to the Sac and Fox upon his death and eventually hosted the week long council that resulted in the signing of the treaty for the purchase of much of Iowa from the Sac and Fox Indians in October 1842.
Biography.
Born in Massachusetts to William Beach and Lucy Tucker, John Beach enlisted in the U.S. Army during his late teens and graduated from the West Point Military Academy on July 1, 1832. He was commissioned as a brevet 2nd lieutenant served on the frontier with the Infantry Regiment, assigned to Fort Armstrong and Fort Crawford during the 1830s. In 1836, he took command of the Fort Armstrong garrison after its commanding officer Lt. Col. William Davenport ordered an evacuation and led a march to Fort Snelling in Hennepin County, Minnesota. Beach would remain at Fort Armstrong until being assigned elsewhere in November. During his last year with the army, he was involved in recruitment efforts before his resignation on June 30, 1838. Beach later married Lucy Frances Street, the daughter of General Joseph Street.
Two years later, he succeeded his father-in-law General Joseph Street as US Indian Agent to the Sac and Fox tribes following Street's death. He continued his predecessor's work in establishing farming and education to the Raccoon River Agency reservation, although he was ultimately unsuccessful in the former goal. He also opposed settlers sqatting on reservation land as, in 1841, a force of dragoons under Lieutenant C.F. Ruff removed James Jordan and other settlers illegally living on the reservation. They had previously ignored Beach's order to leave and, after allowing them to gather their possessions, Ruff ordered his men to burn their homes. On October 11, 1842, he presided over the signing of a treaty which allowed the federal government to purchase much of Iowa from the Sac and Fox. He remained at the agency until 1847 where he resided in the area as a local farmer and merchant. Beach reenlisted during the American Civil War, however he involved in the training and drilling of recruits as his hearing loss disqualified him from the field.
Returning to Agency City following the war, he became a writer and historian in his later years. He died on August 31, 1874, at age 62 and buried at Chief Wapello's Memorial Park. A series of articles he had written on the early history of the various tribes he lived with during his career were published posthumously in the "Agency Independent" in the months following his death. His writings on the history of the Fox and Sac, as well as the fur trade on the Des Moines River, were later included in the "History of Wapello County" (1878).

</doc>
<doc id="19556950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556950" title="Kate Duchêne">
Kate Duchêne

Kate Duchêne (; born Catherine Anne Purves Duchêne (5 January 1959), is a British actress. She moved to France 3 weeks after her birth but moved back to England permanently in 1962, to the seaside town of Brighton. 
She studied French & Spanish at Trinity College, Cambridge.
Kate started to act at the age of 14. In the 1980s however, Kate briefly went to Spain to teach English to children. She returned in 1986 for the lead in "Lucy's Play". She was also a member of Cambridge footlights in the 1980s. Duchéne is best known for her work as Miss Constance Hardbroom, the strict Deputy Head and Potions Teacher on the popular TV series "The Worst Witch". Having stayed with the programme for its three-year run, and appearing in the first episode of its 2001 spinoff "Weirdsister College" on "The All Seeing Eye", Duchêne disappointed many fans by failing to return for the second spinoff, "The New Worst Witch" (2005–2006). Her more recent projects include Afterlife, a paranormal drama series, and extensive theatre work.
Kate has a partner, Robert Friztgerald. She has two children; Anna Charlotte, born 15 April 2005 and a daughter born late May / early June 2009.
Radio.
From October 1987 to July 1991, Kate played Alex Parker in BBC Radio 4's drama series "Citizens". In 2013 she guest starred in the final 4th series episode of "Cabin Pressure", playing a Captain for an airline based in Zurich.

</doc>
<doc id="19556988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19556988" title="Lödöse Varv AB">
Lödöse Varv AB

Lödöse Varv AB is a Swedish shipbuilder located in Lödöse, Sweden. Its ships include the "MV Faina", recently captured by Somali pirates, as well as the "OT Rederierna" (now sailing as the "Marabou"), the tanker "Akleja", the chemical tanker "Professor K Bohdanowicz", the "M/F Strada Corsara", and the "M/S Vallann".

</doc>
<doc id="19557026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19557026" title="Adam Newbold">
Adam Newbold

Adam Charles Newbold (born 16 November 1989) is an English footballer who plays as a striker. In December 2010, it was announced that he had agreed a deal to sign for Australian side Ballarat Red Devils. He is expected to make his debut for the club in February.
Career.
Newbold scored on his debut for Nottingham Forest after coming on as a 75th minute substitute against Morecambe in the League Cup on 13 August 2008, which finished as a 4–0 victory. His Football League debut came three days later in a 3–1 defeat to Swansea City in the Championship by making a substitute appearance on 87 minutes. In November 2008, Newbold signed a new one-and-a-half-year contract at the City Ground, with the option of a one-year extension.
Following the dismissal of Forest boss Colin Calderwood, and the subsequent appointment of Billy Davies, Newbold joined Conference North club Stalybridge Celtic on loan until the end of the 2008–09 season on 26 March 2009. He made his debut two days later, scoring a goal in the process, only for it to ruled out by the linesman who adjudged him to be offside. He finished the loan with six appearances, scoring an impressive 5 goals. His contract was mutually terminated by Forest after the club's reserve team was disbanded by the new management team, leaving many of the club's talented young players without a club.
In December 2009, he signed for Tamworth of the Conference National on non-contract terms, following a brief spell in Scotland. After it was revealed the club was under financial difficulties, Newbold left Tamworth and signed for Hucknall Town F.C., despite being thought to be the transfer target for a number of league clubs. Newbold left Hucknall without making a single appearance for the club after deciding that he would look to get back into the professional game.
In February/March 2011 Newbold joined the Ballarat Red Devils on non-contract terms. It took Newbold just 26 minutes of his debut for the Red Devils and Australian soccer to find the back of the net. He was on target during a 5–1 romp over Langwarrin, where he was named man of the match and hailed by local newspaper Silobreaker as a standout.

</doc>
<doc id="19557027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19557027" title="Dangerous High School Girls in Trouble!">
Dangerous High School Girls in Trouble!

Dangerous High School Girls in Trouble! is a casual video game by independent developer Mousechief. After a series of beta releases and demos in 2007 and 2008, the finished title was released in mid-2008, with versions for both Windows and Mac OS X.
The game is set in 1920s Brigiton, a fictional community in small-town America, and involves the player guiding the activities of a group of high school girls as they explore its intrigues. Highlighting social rebellion in an era where women had only limited freedom, the title's motto declares "This is the game where good girls get better by being bad!".
Gameplay.
"Dangerous High School Girls in Trouble!" begins with the player selecting one of twelve different girls to be the "queen" (leader) of the "gang". Afterwards, basic gameplay mechanics are revealed as the player recruits three additional girls to assist her. Each girl has different scores in four different attributes: Popularity, Rebellion, Glamor, and Savvy. The game makes heavy use of the suits from a traditional deck of playing cards, representing each in-game attribute as one of the suits.
The four attributes correspond to ability in four different actions which the girls can use when interacting with others. In turn, each of the four actions, "Taunt", "Expose", "Fib", and "Gambit", has a unique mini-game associated with it. After a given girl wins a certain number of mini-games, the player is able to increase one of her attributes. In contrast, losing a mini-game can result in a girl being unavailable for a period of time, or possibly even exiled from the player's gang. Often a girl lost from the gang can be recruited again later, or a substitute can be found. However, the presence of a boyfriend can protect a given girl from being banished even temporarily. Boyfriends are typically obtained through a separate "Flirt" mini-game, which makes use of all four of a girl's attributes together. When a girl who has a boyfriend receives a penalty serious enough to leave the gang, the boyfriend instead sacrifices himself to save her.
In-game navigation involves selecting different locations on a stylized game board. The girls then travel to that location and interact with one of the individuals who is revealed to currently be present. While in some cases, the girls simply converse ("Parley") with the person, in general, the girls seek to manipulate individuals in order to obtain information or to "get away" with something. This is done by selecting an action suggested by one of the girls (e.g. "Expose" to try to reveal the truth), and then playing the corresponding mini-game. Success often advances the game plot, but can also result in other benefits, such as temporary ability bonuses. In certain cases, the choice of mini-game can affect the story. For example, taunting a teacher is usually not a good choice, as even if the player wins the "Taunt" game, the outcome may be unfavorable and may result in the loss of a girl from the gang.
Development.
In a November 2006 interview with Gamasutra, Keith Nemitz, the game's designer, revealed that the game had been actively in production for ten months, with an estimated six more months until completion. However, based on the game's eventual final release date, this proved to be entirely too optimistic. The inspiration for the game came from an evening of Nemitz playing an unspecified card game that attempted to distill the key features of a role-playing game down into a simpler card game. Nemitz explained, "The card game reduced entire battles down to a single dice roll, but it was really fun! The bigger idea struck me later, that you could swap out combat in RPGs with different kinds of conflict resolution mechanisms".
Describing the look and feel of the title, Nemitz noted that the user interface metaphor was that of a 1920s parlour game. David Cherry, the lead artist, deliberately made elements look worn or faded with time. In terms of trying to capture as many potential players as possible, Nemitz commented, "Our expectation is to offer a game that will tempt both experienced, casual gamers, and core gamers who like variety and novelty in their games. It is definitely a light-hearted experience, a sit-back, relax and laugh experience. The challenges should never frustrate a player, but some solutions can be very difficult".
Reception.
Noting that "Dangerous High School Girls in Trouble!" was difficult to describe, the game reviewers at "Game Tunnel" complimented the game's style and uniqueness, as well as its engrossing story. The average review score from the panel was a 8.3 out of 10, resulting in it automatically being granted a "Gold Award". The reviewer at "Jay Is Games" echoed these comments, similarly praising the game's uniqueness and the sheer quantity of story, although lamenting the need to manually scroll the game board. Despite such minor flaws, the title was still highly recommended.
"Dangerous High School Girls in Trouble!" was awarded a $3000 (USD) prize for "Most Innovative Game" by the Casual Games Association, and was also selected as a finalist for the 2008 IndieCade Festival of Independent Games. It was entered into the 2007 Independent Games Festival in the "Open" category, but owing to its lengthy development time, was submitted again for the 2008 Independent Games Festival as well.
At the end of 2008 GameTunnel awarded it: Adventure Game of the Year, Innovative Game of the Year, and #4 in their top ten games of the year.
On January 12, 2009, the Writers Guild of America nominated it for Best Writing in a Videogame. The other nominees were: Command & Conquer: Red Alert 3, Fallout 3, Star Wars: The Force Unleashed, and Tomb Raider: Underworld.
On January 29, 2009, Casual Gameplay (also Jay is Games) awarded it with Best Tabletop styled downloadable computer game. In the category, it won both the editor's award and the audience award.

</doc>
<doc id="19557058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19557058" title="7217th Air Division">
7217th Air Division

The 7217th Air Division (7217th AD) is an inactive United States Air Force organization. Its last assignment was with the United States Air Forces in Europe, being stationed at Ankara Air Station, Turkey. It was inactivated on 9 September 1970.
History.
Operational history.
The division provided logistical support for all American armed forces, and military activities in Turkey, Greece, and Crete. Its area of responsibility extended from the Black Sea to Ethiopia and from Greece to Pakistan.
The 7217th Air Division was established as a result of the "Lebanese Crisis" of 1958 during which the US sent aircraft and troops to Incirlik Air Base, Turkey in support of the Marines dispatched to Lebanon. At the same time the US Embassy and Its agencies were demanding more and more services. As a result, on 7 August 1959, USAFE reversed its position and elevated HQ TUSLOG to be the 7217th Air Division. The rank of the commander of HQ TUSLOG was then raised from colonel to brigadier general.
The 7217th provided facilities and training for rotational tactical fighter squadrons, maintenance for aircraft assigned to Military Aid and Assistance Groups (MAAGs) in the Middle East, and logistical support for occasional unscheduled aerial operations.
By the mid-1960s, demands on the defense budget and manpower by the war in Southeast Asia forced the US to reconsider its military priorities in other parts of the world. In 1966, Senate majority leader Mike Mansfield began a campaign to reduce unilaterally US troop levels in Europe. Following this, Secretary of Defense Clark Clifford initiated a program for the Reduction of Costs and Forces in Europe (REDCOSTE) in 1968. Although a change in administrations occurred in the same year, this program conformed to the Nixon policy of lowering the profile of American forces abroad.
Consequently, the US began to eliminate or consolidate many of its operations in Turkey. Between 1969 and 1973, for instance, sites at Samsun and Trabzon were turned over to the Turkish government. In addition, Cigli Air Base, which since 1963 had been used by USAF rotational squadrons, was turned over to the Turkish Air Force in 1970. The US continued, however, to fund the maintenance of numerous facilities at that base. Altogether, between 1967 and 1970, the number of Americans in Turkey dropped from 24,000 to 15,000.
The cutbacks in forces in Turkey naturally had a major effect on TUSLOG. The headquarters in Ankara shrank to a fraction of its former size. On 9 September, it was inactivated as the 7217th Air Division and the next day reestablished as Detachment 1 of Headquarters Sixteen Air Force.

</doc>
<doc id="19557068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19557068" title="1930 World Figure Skating Championships">
1930 World Figure Skating Championships

The World Figure Skating Championships is an annual figure skating competition sanctioned by the International Skating Union in which figure skaters compete for the title of World Champion.
The 1930 the men competition, the ladies competitions and the pairs competition took place February 3 to 5, 1930 in New York City, the first figure skating world championships in the USA. It was also the first year when all competitions were hold at the same location and the same time. Also all the judges for the three competitions were the same.
Results.
Men.
Judges were
Ladies.
Judges were
Pairs.
Judges were

</doc>
<doc id="19557101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19557101" title="California Proposition 11 (2008)">
California Proposition 11 (2008)

Proposition 11 of 2008 (or the Voters FIRST Act) was a law enacted by California voters that placed the power to draw electoral boundaries for State Assembly and State Senate districts in a Citizens Redistricting Commission, as opposed to the State Legislature. To do this the Act amended both the Constitution of California and the Government Code. The law was proposed by means of the initiative process and was put to voters as part of the November 4, 2008 state elections. In 2010, voters passed Proposition 20 which extended the Citizen Redistricting Commission's power to draw electoral boundaries to include U.S. House seats as well.
Provisions.
The Act amended Article XXI of the state constitution and enacted Title 2, Division 1, Chapter 3.2 of the Government Code. These changes transfer authority for establishing Assembly, Senate, and Board of Equalization district boundaries from elected representatives to a fourteen member commission. The commission is chosen as follows:
The commission must include five commissioners of the largest political party in California (in practice the Democrats), five commissioners from the second largest party (currently the Republicans), and four of neither party. For approval, new district boundaries need votes from three commissioners of the largest party, three from the second largest, and three of the commissioners from neither party. The commission may hire lawyers and consultants to assist it in its work.
The state legislature retains responsibility for drawing district boundaries for California's Congressional Districts, but the Act adds additional criteria that the legislature must follow in drawing those boundaries.
Supporters.
California Common Cause was the advocacy group sponsoring the initiative.
Others supporting the initiative include.
See also: List of California Proposition 11 donors and supporters
Arguments in favor of Prop. 11.
Notable arguments that have been made in favor of Prop. 11 include:
Donors supporting Prop 11.
As of September 24, three campaign committees supporting Prop. 11 have filed officially with the Secretary of State's office. Some donors have contributed to more than one of these committees. The largest donors altogether are:
City of Pasadena endorses.
On Monday, March 10, 2008 the Pasadena City Council became the first California city to endorse the proposition.
Path to the ballot.
Kimball Petition Management was paid $2,332,988 from two separate campaign committees to collect signatures to put this measure on the ballot. Signatures to qualify the measure for the California 2008 ballot measures|November 2008 ballot were submitted to election officials on May 6, 2008. On June 17, the California Secretary of State announced that a check of the signatures had established that the measure qualifies for the ballot.,
Supporters file campaign financing complaint.
In late August, supporters of Prop. 11 filed a complaint with the Fair Political Practices Commission because the California Correctional Peace Officers Association—a group that opposes Prop. 11—gave contributions totaling $577,000 to the Leadership California committee, which is a campaign committee associated with state senate leader Don Perata. The Prop. 11 group said that it was wrong for the police officers union to give the money to the Perata committee rather than directly to the No on 11, and also alleged that the police union was trying to curry favor with Perata. Days later, the FPPC took the rare step of rejecting the complaint without conducting an investigation.
Opposition.
The official committee set up to oppose Proposition 11 was called "Citizens for Accountability; No on Proposition 11". Paul Hefner is the spokesman for the "No on 11" effort.
Arguments against Prop. 11.
Arguments that have been claimed in opposition to Prop. 11 include:
Democrat against Democrat.
Kathay Feng, the main author of the initiative, and director of California Common Cause, said in late June that since the measure qualified for the ballot and the California Democratic Party had announced its opposition, there had been an attempt to bring everybody into line and to encourage those in support of the measure to oppose it.
Donations to opposition campaign.
As of September 24, the opposition committee, "Citizens for Accountability; No on 11", had raised $350,000:
Polling information.
A poll released on July 22, 2008 by Field Poll showed Proposition 11 with 42% support and 30% opposition. A late August poll released by the Public Policy Institute of California showed Prop. 11 with 39% of voters in support.

</doc>
<doc id="19557107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19557107" title="Charles McArther Emmanuel">
Charles McArther Emmanuel

Charles McArther Emmanuel, also known as Chuckie Taylor, (born 1977) is the son of Charles Taylor, the former President of Liberia. Raised by his mother in Florida until he was 17, Taylor Jr. traveled to Liberia in 1994 to live with his father. During his father's presidency, Emmanuel became the commander of the infamously violent Anti-Terrorist Unit (ATU), commonly known in Liberia as the "Demon Forces." He is currently serving a 97-year sentence in the United States for his role in human rights violations carried out by the ATU.
Born in 1977 in Boston, Emmanuel lived much of his life in Orlando, Florida, with his mother, Bernice Emmanuel, a college girlfriend of Taylor. Fearful of Taylor's attempting to claim custody of Emmanuel, his mother had his name legally changed to Roy Belfast, Jr., the name of her husband. His house, in a neighborhood described as "middle class," was away from Universal Studios. In 1994, when he was a teenager he was involved in an altercation with deputies of Orange County, Florida. Afterward, Emmanuel moved to Liberia to live with his father. According to U.S. prosecutors, when in Liberia Emmanuel headed the "Demon Forces," a paramilitary, anti-terrorism security unit for Charles Taylor.
In 2006, Emmanuel was placed under arrest at Miami International Airport after flying from Trinidad to Miami; he carried a passport that he received after falsifying his father's name on the application. The Domestic Security Section of the United States Department of Justice accused Emmanuel of participating in torture in Liberia. Emmanuel's trial was the first case where a U.S. citizen was prosecuted under a 1994 law that prohibits American citizens from participating in torture outside of the United States. Emmanuel has been incarcerated in a Miami prison since 2007.
Elise Keppler, a counsel for the International Justice Program of Human Rights Watch, said that the "Demon Forces" "did things like beating people to death, burying them alive, rape - the most horrible kind of war crimes." U.S. prosecutors also charged that the "Demon Forces" engaged in torture and attempted to silence critics of Charles Taylor. At Emmanuel's trial, Rufus Kpadeh, a former prisoner in Liberia, testified that Emmanuel's forces coerced prisoners into engaging in sexual acts while Emmanuel laughed. On October 30, 2008, a jury convicted Emmanuel of several counts, including one of torture, one of conspiracy to commit torture, and one of possession of a firearm while committing a violent crime. On January 8, 2009, Judge Cecilia Altonaga sentenced Taylor to 97 years in prison; he plans to appeal his conviction.
That same day, the World Organization for Human Rights USA filed a civil suit in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida on behalf of five of Taylor Jr.’s victims pursuant to the Alien Tort Statute and the Torture Victims Protection Act. The plaintiffs won by default judgment on all counts and the civil trial to determine damages took place in late December 2009 and January 2010.
As of 2009 Emmanuel is serving time in a federal prison in Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="19557163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19557163" title="Llangan">
Llangan

Llangan () is a small village and community in the Vale of Glamorgan, Wales. It is located approximately outside the market town of Cowbridge. As a community it contains the settlements of St Mary Hill, Treoes and Llangan itself.
Llangan became an important religious site in the late 18th century due to the work and preaching of its church's Baptist minister David Jones.

</doc>
<doc id="19557186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19557186" title="1964–65 DFB-Pokal">
1964–65 DFB-Pokal

The DFB-Pokal 1965 was the 22nd season of the competition. It began on 16 January 1965 and ended on 22 May 1965. 32 teams competed in the tournament of five rounds. In the final Borussia Dortmund defeated Alemannia Aachen 2–0.

</doc>
<doc id="19557211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19557211" title="International Studies of Infarct Survival">
International Studies of Infarct Survival

The International Studies of Infarct Survival (ISIS) were four randomized controlled trials of several drugs for treating suspected acute myocardial infarction ("heart attack"). More than 134,000 patients from over 20 countries took part in four large simple trials between 1981 and 1993, coordinated from Oxford, England.
ISIS-1.
The First International Study of Infarct Survival (ISIS-1) was a placebo-controlled trial of the beta-blocker atenolol. It recruited 16,027 patients and was completed in 1985.
ISIS-2.
The Second International Study of Infarct Survival (ISIS-2) was a 2×2 factorial placebo-controlled trial of aspirin and the thrombolytic drug streptokinase. It recruited 17,187 patients and was completed in 1988.
ISIS-3.
The Third International Study of Infarct Survival (ISIS-3) was a 3×2 factorial trial that compared the three thrombolytic drugs streptokinase, tissue plasminogen activator (tPA) and anistreplase to each other, and also compared the anticoagulant heparin to no heparin. All patients were also given aspirin. It recruited 41,299 patients and was completed in 1991.
ISIS-4.
The Fourth International Study of Infarct Survival (ISIS-4) was a 2×2×2 factorial placebo-controlled trial of the angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor (ACE inhibitor) captopril, isosorbide mononitrate and magnesium sulphate. It recruited 58,050 patients and was completed in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="19557237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19557237" title="Aleksandar Prokopiev">
Aleksandar Prokopiev

Aleksandar Prokopiev () born on February 24, 1953 in Skopje is a Macedonian Ph.D. in comparative literature and literary theory working in the Institute of Macedonian Literature at the Ss. Cyril and Methodius University of Skopje, the Republic of Macedonia. He is also notable as a writer, essayist and a former member of the eminent Yugoslav rock band Idoli.
Biography.
Aleksandar Prokopiev was born in 1953 in Skopje, then a capital of the Socialist Republic of Macedonia, a constituent country of the former Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia. He graduated in 1977 at the University of Belgrade Faculty of Philology, General and Comparative literature department, and finished postgraduate education in 1982 also in Belgrade and in Sorbonne, France.
He worked in several domestic and foreign magazines, for example as a member of the editorial board of "Orient Express" (Oxford, UK) and "World Haiku" (Kyoto, Japan). He wrote screenplays for film, theatre, tv shows, radio dramas and comic books. His works were translated in English, French, Italian, Japanese, Russian, Polish, Hungarian, Czech, Slovak and other languages.
Aleksandar Prokopiev was also an active musician. While studying in Belgrade he played with the Yugoslav rock band Idoli, an eminent act of the former Yugoslav New Wave scene. It is claimed that he wrote the famous Idoli's song "Retko te viđam sa devojkama", however he is not credited on the record itself (Vlada Divljan is credited as the author instead). In Macedonia, Prokopiev was a member of the notable band Usta na Usta which was active during the 1980s. Its recordings were released by the music production branch of the national Macedonian Radio-Television.
Bibliography.
Prokopiev is an author of several books including (titles translated in English language): 

</doc>
<doc id="19557265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19557265" title="Charles Emmanuel">
Charles Emmanuel

Charles Emmanuel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19557272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19557272" title="Karlology">
Karlology

"Karlology : What I've Learnt So Far" is the third book written by Karl Pilkington. It was released on 1 October 2008 in the United Kingdom and published by Dorling Kindersley. 
"Karlology" is formatted like a school curriculum with subjects including history, English and biology. By posing naive questions to experts and musing on his own educational experiences, Pilkington aims to present fascinating facts and myths with humour. The book contains stories of places Karl has visited, such as the National History Museum. Karl has also illustrated the book, though artwork for chapter openers was completed by Jess Bentall. Celebrities such as fellow podcaster Ricky Gervais and comic Noel Fielding contributed facts to the book.

</doc>
<doc id="19557304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19557304" title="Summer Brave">
Summer Brave

Summer Brave is a play by William Inge, a revision of his Pulitzer Prize-winning 1953 play "Picnic". Set in a small town in Kansas in the early 1950s, it focuses on Hal Carter, an attractive young stranger who drifts into town just before the annual Labor Day celebration and sets off a chain of events that prompts various residents to reflect on the present and contemplate an unpromising future.
Of it, Inge said, "A couple of years after "Picnic" had closed on Broadway, after the film version had made its success, I got the early version out of my files and began to rework it, just for my own satisfaction. "Summer Brave" is the result. I admit that I prefer it to the version of the play that was produced but I don't necessarily expect others to agree . . . I feel that it is more humorously true than "Picnic", and it does fulfill my original intentions." 
The Broadway production was staged two years after Inge's death. Produced by Fritz Holt and directed by Michael Montel, it was not a success. After three previews, it opened on October 26, 1975 at the ANTA Playhouse and closed after 18 performances. Ernest Thompson, who later won fame as the writer of "On Golden Pond", starred as Hal Carter. The supporting cast included Nan Martin, Alexis Smith, Jill Eikenberry, Miles Chapin, and Peter Weller.

</doc>
<doc id="19557325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19557325" title="Stephen Joseph Zand">
Stephen Joseph Zand

Stephen Joseph Zand (September 18, 1898 - 24 January 1963) was an aeronautical pioneer who worked at the Sperry Gyroscope Co. and was later Vice-President of Engineering at the Lord Corporation. He solved many of the early problems related to vibrations and sound. He won the Wright Brothers Medal in 1931 for a paper on how vibration affects on-board instruments.

</doc>
<doc id="19557330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19557330" title="Marak">
Marak

Marak may refer to:
People with the surname Marak include:

</doc>
<doc id="19557355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19557355" title="Alipurduars (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Alipurduars (Lok Sabha constituency)

Alipurduars (Lok Sabha constituency) is one of the 543 parliamentary constituencies in India. The constituency centres on Alipurduar in West Bengal. While six assembly segments of No. 2 Alipurduars (Lok Sabha constituency) are in Jalpaiguri district, one segment is in Cooch Behar district. The seat is reserved for scheduled tribes. 
Assembly segments.
As per order of the Delimitation Commission in respect of the delimitation of constituencies in the West Bengal, parliamentary constituency no. 2 Alipurduars, reserved for Scheduled tribes (ST), is composed of the following assembly segments from 2009:
In 2004 Alipurduars Lok Sabha constituency was composed of the following assembly segments:
Election results.
Previous results.
Results of elections held prior to 2009 are summarised below:

</doc>
<doc id="19557364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19557364" title="John Spendluffe Technology College">
John Spendluffe Technology College

John Spendluffe Technology College is a secondary school with academy status situated on Hanby Lane in the rural market town of Alford, Lincolnshire, England.
Admissions.
The current Headteacher is Mr Beverley and there are 55 staff and 13 support staff. Currently there are 612 students on role, However it does not have a Sixth form.
It is a popular alternative for pupils living in the Alford area if they do not wish to attend or were not accepted into Queen Elizabeth's Grammar School, Alford
Academy and specialism.
In February 2003 the school was designated as a Technology College. Although the specialist schools programme has now ended the school still offers technology education as a specialism.
In 2005 the school was identified by the government as a foundation school, and in August 2011 the school converted to academy status.
Academic performance.
The school gets reasonable results at GCSE, slightly higher than Monks' Dyke Tennyson College, Louth and Cordeaux School, Louth.
Departments.
Citizenship Department
English Department
Humanities Department
ICT Department
Mathematics Department
Modern Foreign Languages Department
Expressive Arts 
P.E. Department
SEN Department
Science Department
Technology
Other schools in Alford.
• Alford Primary School <br>
• Queen Elizabeth's Grammar School, Alford

</doc>
<doc id="19557365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19557365" title="Massaly">
Massaly

Massaly may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19557384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19557384" title="Altria Group v. Good">
Altria Group v. Good

Altria Group v. Good, , was a United States Supreme Court case in which the Court held that a state law prohibiting deceptive tobacco advertising was not preempted by a federal law regulating cigarette advertising.
Background.
The lawsuit claimed that Altria's marketing of "light" and "low tar" cigarettes constituted fraudulent misrepresentations under the Maine Unfair Trade Practices Act (MUTPA) because it deceived smokers into thinking the products are safer than regular cigarettes.
The District Court granted summary judgment in favor of Altria, finding the state-law claim pre-empted by the Federal Cigarette Labeling and Advertising Act, 15 U.S.C. §1334(b) (Federal Labeling Act). The First Circuit reversed, holding that the Labeling Act neither expressly nor impliedly pre-empted respondents’ fraud claim.
Does federal preemption of the Maine Unfair Trade Practices Act hinge on the express or implied nature of the allegedly fraudulent misrepresentations?
Opinion of the Court.
No. Justice Stevens, writing for a 5-4 Court, held that neither the Labeling Act’s pre-emption provision, nor the Federal Trade Commission’s actions in this field, expressly or impliedly preempt claims related to "smoking and health" under the Maine statute. Pp. 5–20.
Adopting the reasoning it used in Cipollone v. Liggett Group, Inc., the court found that claims based on a common law legal duty ("predicate-duty" approach, e.g. a manufacturer's duty not to misrepresent its products), were not preempted simply because they related to cigarette manufacturers and the labeling of its products.
(a) Congress may indicate pre-emptive intent through a statute’s express language or through its structure and purpose. See Jones v. Rath Packing Co., 430 U. S. 519 . When the text of an express pre-emption clause is susceptible of more than one plausible reading, courts ordinarily “accept the reading that disfavors pre-emption.” Bates v. Dow Agrosciences LLC, 544 U. S. 431 . The Labeling Act’s stated purposes are to inform the public of the health risks of smoking while protecting commerce and the economy from the ill effects of nonuniform requirements to the extent consistent with the first goal. Although fidelity to these purposes does not demand the pre-emption of state fraud rules, the principal question here is whether that result is nevertheless required by 15 U. S. C. §1334(b), which provides that “o requirement or prohibition based on smoking and health shall be imposed under State law with respect to the advertising or promotion of any cigarettes the packages of which are labeled in conformity with the provisions of this chapter.” Pp. 5–9.
(b) Respondents’ claim is not expressly pre-empted by §1334(b). As determined in Cipollone v. Liggett Group, Inc., 505 U. S. 504, and Lorillard Tobacco Co. v. Reilly, 533 U. S. 525, the phrase “based on smoking and health” modifies the state-law rule at issue rather than a particular application of that rule. The Cipollone plurality concluded that “the phrase ‘based on smoking and health’ fairly but narrowly construed” did not pre-empt the Cipollone plaintiff’s common-law claim that cigarette manufacturers had fraudulently misrepresented and concealed a material fact, because the claim alleged a violation of a duty not to deceive—a duty that is not “based on” smoking and health. 505 U. S., at 528–529. Respondents here also allege a violation of the duty not to deceive as codified in the MUTPA, which, like the common-law duty in Cipollone, has nothing to do with smoking and health. Respondents’ claim is not analogous to the “warning neutralization” claim found to be pre-empted in Cipollone. Reilly is consistent with Cipollone’s analysis. This Court disagrees with petitioners’ alternative argument that the express pre-emption framework of Cipollone and Reilly should be rejected. American Airlines, Inc. v. Wolens, 513 U. S. 219, and Riegel v. Medtronic, Inc., 552 U. S. ___, are distinguished. Pp. 9–16.
(c) Various Federal Trade Commission decisions with respect to statements of tar and nicotine content do not impliedly pre-empt state deceptive practices rules like the MUTPA. Pp. 17–20.
Dissent.
Justice Clarence Thomas disagreed with the majority's adoption of the "predicate-duty" approach from Cipollone, arguing it was confusing and unworkable. Rather, he argued that the Court should adopt a clear test that expressly pre-empts any state law claim that "imposes an obligation…because of the effect of smoking upon health."

</doc>
<doc id="19557386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19557386" title="Wyeth v. Levine">
Wyeth v. Levine

Wyeth v. Levine, 555 U.S. 555 (2009), is a United States Supreme Court case holding that Federal regulatory approval of a medication does not shield the manufacturer from liability under state law.
Facts.
Vermont jury trial.
The plaintiff lost her hand to gangrene when she was injected with Phenergan, an anti-nausea drug made by Wyeth Pharmaceuticals. She won a jury verdict in Vermont, under the theory ("inter alia") that Wyeth had inadequately labeled the drug.
Phenergan's regulatory background.
The trial record shows that the FDA first approved injectable Phenergan in 1955. In 1973 and 1976, Wyeth submitted supplemental new drug applications, which the agency approved after proposing labeling changes. Wyeth submitted a third supplemental application in 1981 in response to a new FDA rule governing drug labels. Over the next 17 years, Wyeth and the FDA intermittently corresponded about Phenergan's label. The most notable activity occurred in 1987, when the FDA suggested different warnings about the risk of arterial exposure, and in 1988, when Wyeth submitted revised labeling incorporating the proposed changes. The FDA did not respond. Instead, in 1996, it requested from Wyeth the labeling then in use and, without addressing Wyeth's 1988 submission, instructed it to "retain verbiage in current label" regarding intra-arterial injection. After a few further changes to the labeling not related to intra-arterial injection, the FDA approved Wyeth's 1981 application in 1998, instructing that Phenergan's final printed label "must be identical" to the approved package insert.
Wyeth's motion for judgment as a matter of law.
Wyeth argued that this Vermont law was federally preempted because it was in "actual conflict a specific FDA order" regarding drug labeling. The trial court rejected this argument, as did the Supreme Court of Vermont, holding that the FDA requirements merely provide a floor, not a ceiling, for state regulation. The Supreme Court granted certiorari.
Issue.
If a drug meets the labeling requirements of the FDA, does that give rise to federal preemption of state law regarding inadequate labeling? Wyeth presented two arguments in favor of FDA Preemption:
Holding.
Justice John Paul Stevens, writing on behalf of a 6-3 court, rejected both Wyeth's arguments. In other words, the Vermont law was not preempted (or overruled) by FDA regulations; thus, the plaintiff could argue her case before a state court jury.
Reasoning.
Questions of federal preemption "must be guided by two cornerstones of our pre-emption jurisprudence":
In its first argument, Wyeth is incorrect that relabeling the drug to conform to Vermont law would necessarily have violated federal labeling regulations.
In its second argument, Wyeth is incorrect that permitting states to require stronger warnings would interfere with Congress' purpose of entrusting an expert agency with drug labeling decisions because it was not Congress's intent, in writing the Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, to preempt state-law failure to warn actions.
Concurrence.
Justice Breyer noted that, while the issue was not present here, the FDA may create regulations that pre-empt state law tort claims.
Concurrence only in judgment.
Justice Clarence Thomas wrote separately, concurring only in the judgment. He criticized the majority for implicitly endorsing a "far-reaching implied pre-emption doctrine" where the Court can invalidate state laws based on perceived conflicts with federal statutes by extrapolating from evidence not found in the text of the statute.
Dissent.
Justice Samuel A. Alito dissented and was joined by Chief Justice John G. Roberts and Justice Antonin Scalia. He disagreed with the Court's holding that a jury, rather than the FDA, is ultimately responsible for regulating warning labels for prescription drugs. He argued this is incompatible with "Geier v. American Honda Motor Co.", which established the principles of conflict preemption.

</doc>
<doc id="19557400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19557400" title="Shanghai Story">
Shanghai Story

Shanghai Story () is a 2004 Chinese film directed by Peng Xiaolian. A family drama, the film was the surprise winner of the 19th Golden Rooster Awards in China, where it won best picture over the heavily favored "House of Flying Daggers". The film's win was also surprising given that the story, according to Arthur Jones of "Variety", included references to the Cultural Revolution, which is still a sore subject for Chinese censors. Even more surprisingly, the film was little-touched by censors. While the film's studio in Shanghai requested changes to the ending, Peng asked for the decision to come from the State Administration of Radio, Film, and Television in Beijing, who chose to leave the film be.
Plot.
The film follows the rise and fall of a family in Shanghai. Once wealthy and capitalist, the family unraveled during the Cultural Revolution in the 1960s and 1970s. Their home, once a French concession mansion, was converted into a multi-family dwelling. Years later, the matriarch of the family announces that she is dying. When her four grown children return, it becomes the first time the family has been under one roof in decades.
Reception.
"Shanghai Story" had an unusual reception in China. Nominated for several categories at the Golden Rooster Awards, the film was not expected to win, which according to Arthur Jones of "Variety", faced tough competition particularly from Zhang Yimou's big-budget wuxia picture, "House of Flying Daggers". To director Peng Xiaolan's surprise, the film won nearly all major categories including the best picture, director, actress and supporting actor prizes. Even after these wins, however, the film was not immediately picked up for domestic distribution in China.
The film, however, was screened at several international film festivals, giving the film exposure to audiences abroad.
"Shanghai Story" was eventually released in China in 2005 for the Mid-Autumn Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="19557401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19557401" title="Louis Vallin">
Louis Vallin

Louis Vallin (16 August 1770, Dormans - 25 December 1854, Paris) was a French general. He was involved on the Royalist side in the French intervention in Spain. His name is inscribed in the 12th column on the Arc de Triomphe in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="19557402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19557402" title="Ellis River (Maine)">
Ellis River (Maine)

The Ellis River is a river in Oxford County in western Maine. It is a tributary of the Androscoggin River.
The river begins at the outlet of Ellis Pond in the northwest corner of Roxbury and flows southwest via a meandering course into Andover, passing the village of East Andover before turning more to the southeast near South Andover. The river enters the corporate limits of Rumford and joins the Androscoggin at the village of Rumford Point.
From South Andover to the river's mouth, the Ellis River is followed by Maine State Route 5. U.S. Route 2 crosses the river just above its outlet to the Androscoggin.

</doc>
<doc id="19557449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19557449" title="Plasmodium gemini">
Plasmodium gemini

Plasmodium gemini is a parasite of the genus "Plasmodium". 
Like all "Plasmodium" species "P. gemini" has both vertebrate and insect hosts. The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are reptiles. 
Description.
The parasite was first described by Perkins and Austin in 2008.
Geographical occurrence.
This species is found in New Guinea.

</doc>
<doc id="19557455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19557455" title="Plasmodium koreafense">
Plasmodium koreafense

Plasmodium koreafense is a parasite of the genus "Plasmodium". 
Like all "Plasmodium" species "P. koreafense" has both vertebrate and insect hosts. The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are reptiles. 
Description.
The parasite was first described by Perkins and Austin in 2008.
Geographical occurrence.
This species is found in New Guinea.

</doc>
<doc id="19557458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19557458" title="Arambagh (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Arambagh (Lok Sabha constituency)

Arambagh (Lok Sabha constituency) is one of the 543 parliamentary constituencies in India. The constituency centres on Arambagh in West Bengal. While six assembly segments of No. 29 Arambagh (Lok Sabha constituency) are in Hooghly district one segment is in Paschim Medinipur district. The seat was earlier an open seat but from 2009 it was reserved for scheduled castes. 
Assembly segments.
As per order of the Delimitation Commission issuded in 2006 in respect of the delimitation of constituencies in the West Bengal, parliamentary constituency no. 29 Arambag, reserved for Scheduled castes (SC), is composed of the following assembly segments:
Prior to delimitation Arambagh Lok Sabha constituency was composed of the following assembly segments:
Results prior to 2014.
Results of elections held prior to 2009 are summarised below. 
1977-2009.
Results of elections prior to 2014 are summarised below:

</doc>
<doc id="19557460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19557460" title="Plasmodium megalotrypa">
Plasmodium megalotrypa

Plasmodium megalotrypa is a parasite of the genus "Plasmodium". 
Like all "Plasmodium" species "P. megalotrypa" has both vertebrate and insect hosts. The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are reptiles. 
Description.
The parasite was first described by Perkins and Austin in 2008.
Geographical occurrence.
This species is found in New Guinea and nearby islands.

</doc>
<doc id="19557471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19557471" title="Ego (Elton John song)">
Ego (Elton John song)

"Ego" is a song by Elton John with lyrics by Bernie Taupin.
Release.
Original release.
It was released as a single in early 1978, and did not appear on the album released in the same year, "A Single Man".
The single did poorly on the charts, reaching #34 in both the UK and the U.S..
Music video.
A music video was made, and was the most expensive of its kind in its day. The video featured John Emberton who played Elton John as a small boy in the video acting out a scene from Romeo & Juliet. John Emberton's sister Penny played a member of the audience.
Later releases.
The song was not available on CD until 1990 and the release of "To Be Continued...". Later, in remastered form, it was added to the reissue of "A Single Man" along with four other b-sides from the era.
Song.
Musical structure.
The song starts with a rollicking piano accompanied by a train whistle, making it sound like there's a train rolling down a track. The song then goes into a steady 4/4 beat, then breaks down and goes to the chorus. Later in the song it goes in half tempo and then up again. A music video was made to accompany the song. It features synthesizers, and even carnival-esque organs, unusual for its time.
The same style of singing was also used on another Taupin-song from this time, "I Cry at Night".
Lyrical meaning.
It was originally written during the sessions for his 1976 album Blue Moves, but was left out. Elton said of the song by the time of its release:
"Ego was just something I had lying around, and I wanted to release it for a long time. Unfortunately, the time wasn't right. It's been disappointing. I really had hoped it would do well because I really liked it. I wrote the song jointly with Bernie Taupin, and we never thought of it as an autobiography until it came out. It's about the silliness of rock 'n' roll stars, and the video film was supposed to show just how stupid rock 'n' roll can be. It's the grotesque side of rock 'n' roll. And it's turned out to be one of the most sincere songs we've ever written."
The song is, as said, about rock stars and their fame which tend to get to their heads.
Live performances.
Elton played this song live from 1978 up until 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="19557478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19557478" title="Plasmodium minuoviride">
Plasmodium minuoviride

Plasmodium minuoviride is a parasite of the genus "Plasmodium". 
Like all "Plasmodium" species "P. minuoviride" has both vertebrate and insect hosts. The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are reptiles. 
Description.
The parasite was first described by Perkins and Austin in 2008.
Geographical occurrence.
This species is found in New Guinea.

</doc>
<doc id="19557527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19557527" title="1931 World Figure Skating Championships">
1931 World Figure Skating Championships

The World Figure Skating Championships is an annual figure skating competition sanctioned by the International Skating Union in which figure skaters compete for the title of World Champion. 
The 1931 the men competition, the ladies competitions and the pairs competition took place February 28 to March 1, 1931 in Berlin, Germany. It was the second year when all competitions were hold at the same location and the same time, but the first time in Europe.
Results.
Men.
Judges were
Ladies.
Judges were
Pairs.
Judges were

</doc>
<doc id="19557530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19557530" title="Kaalbye Group">
Kaalbye Group

Kaalbye Shipping International Ltd or Kaalbye Group is a Ukrainian shipping company.
Officially registered in the British Virgin Islands, but with branches in other countries such as Belize, they work in commercial, chartering and technical management of cargo fleet.
In May 1998, they obtained a Safety Management Certificate which permitted them to run passenger ships in compliance with the requirements of the International Safety Management Code. Annually Kaalbye Shipping transports more than 800,000 tonnes of cargo. In 2000 they purchased the "MS Shota Rustaveli", built in 1968.
On September 25, 2008, a ship named the "MV Faina" was captured by Somali pirates . Some sources have reported Kaalbye as the owning and operating company of the ship,

</doc>
<doc id="19557588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19557588" title="Sømand i knibe">
Sømand i knibe

Sømand i knibe is a 1960 Danish family film directed by and starring Lau Lauritzen, Jr..

</doc>
