<doc id="19607694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19607694" title="Kurt Miller">
Kurt Miller

Kurt Everett Miller (August 24, 1972) is a former professional baseball pitcher. He played parts of five seasons in Major League Baseball, between 1994 and 1999, for the Chicago Cubs and Florida Marlins. He also played in two seasons Nippon Professional Baseball in Japan, 1999 and 2000, for the Hanshin Tigers.
Playing career.
Early career.
Miller was drafted by the Pittsburgh Pirates out of West High School in Bakersfield, California with the 5th overall pick in the 1990 MLB Draft. A little over a year later, he was traded to the Texas Rangers with fellow pitching prospect Héctor Fajardo for third baseman Steve Buechele. He spent nearly two seasons in the Rangers organization before being traded again, this time to the expansion Marlins, again with another pitching prospect, this time Robb Nen, for pitcher Cris Carpenter.
Marlins.
Miller finished the 1993 season with the Edmonton Trappers, the Marlins' Triple-A farm team. He began the 1994 season with Edmonton as well, but was called up to the major leagues in June to replace the injured Mark Gardner in the starting rotation. He made his major league debut at age 20 on June 11 against the team that had drafted him, the Pirates. He gave up 7 runs on 9 hits in just 4 innings pitched. He improved substantially in his next start, throwing 8.2 innings against the New York Mets and giving up just 4 hits. However, after two more bad starts he was returned to the minor leagues.
Miller's minor league numbers in 1994 were not impressive, either. He won 7 games and lost 13 while posting an ERA of 6.88. The next season, with the Marlins' new top farm club the Charlotte Knights, Miller's numbers improved to 8–11 with a 4.62 ERA.
Miller began the 1996 season back in Charlotte, but he was called up in early May. After pitching one game in relief, the first time he had appeared in the majors as a reliever and just his fifth professional relief appearance, he was moved back into the rotation to replace Chris Hammond. His first start was a good one, giving up just one run in eight innings against the Colorado Rockies, but after two less-successful starts he was sent back to the bullpen. He was subsequently returned to Charlotte in mid-July, where he returned to starting. He came back to the majors a month later, made two more starts, then spent September in the bullpen. In 26 major league games, Miller posted a record of 1–3 with an ERA of 6.80.
Miller spent most of 1997 in Charlotte, missing a chunk of the season due to an elbow injury. He returned to the Marlins to pitch 7 games in September, but gave up 8 runs in 7.1 innings. After the season, he was traded to the Cubs.
Remaining career.
Miller was assigned to the Triple-A Iowa Cubs to start the 1998 season, and he responded with his best season at that level, going 14–3 with a 3.81 ERA. He was brought up to the majors in late September, and pitched four scoreless innings over three games. He made the 1999 Cubs out of spring training, but pitched in just four games before suffering a ribcage injury. He came back to pitch in eight games in Iowa, and in June, he was allowed to go to Japan and sign with Hanshin.
Miller returned to starting with the Tigers, appearing in 11 games and posting a 2–4 record with a 5.98 ERA. The next season, the Tigers tried to use him as their closer, and he posted 6 saves in his first 17 games, but he also gave up 15 runs on 17 hits and 11 walks with a 7.41 ERA. He was released after the season.

</doc>
<doc id="19607695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19607695" title="Archduke Karl Salvator of Austria">
Archduke Karl Salvator of Austria

Archduke Karl Salvator of Austria, in Italian Carlo Salvatore Maria Giuseppe Giovanni Battista Filippo Jacopo Gennaro Lodovico Gonzaga Raniero, in German Karl Salvator Maria Joseph Johann Baptist Philipp Jakob Januarius Ludwig Gonzaga Ranier (Florence, 30 April 1839 – Vienna, 18 January 1892), was a member of the Tuscan branch of the House of Habsburg-Lorraine.
Early life and career.
He was an Austrian Archduke, a son of Leopold II, Grand Duke of Tuscany and second wife Marie Antoinette of Tuscany. He was a Lieutenant-Field Marshal of the Imperial (k.u.k.) Austro-Hungarian Army.
Family and children.
He married in Rome on 19 September 1861 his first cousin Princess Maria Immaculata of Bourbon-Two Sicilies (Naples, 14 April 1844 - Vienna, 18 February 1899), daughter of his maternal uncle Ferdinand II of the Two Sicilies, and second wife Maria Theresa of Austria.
Their children were:

</doc>
<doc id="19607701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19607701" title="Charles Cobelle">
Charles Cobelle

Charles Cobelle, born Carl Edelman (1902-1994) was a modern French master of painting, lithography and a fine muralist, who was born in Alsace-Lorraine, France. He is considered the last link to the great tradition of the Open Line School of Paris. 
Biography.
Cobelle received his Bachelor’s and Master’s Degrees from the University of Munich and continued his studies at the École des Beaux-Arts in Paris. Much more influential in his development, however, were his private studies with Marc Chagall and his apprenticeship in the studio of Raoul Dufy in Menton on the Riviera.
Cobelle lived and painted in Paris until the late 1920s and established himself within the great tradition of the School of Paris. In the late 1920s, Cobelle moved to the United States, where his paintings were immediately sought after by galleries and private collectors alike. Cobelle became a U.S. citizen before the outbreak of World War II. In the late 1940s to 1950s, Cobelle lived in Westport, Connecticut.
By the 1950s, spurred by the commercial success of his mentor, Dufy, Cobelle had achieved phenomenal success commercially with his Parisian-influenced style. Much like contemporary artists and designers at the time, his designs graced a number of pottery patterns for various pottery companies, including Midwinter Stylecraft, Universal Potteries and Homer Laughlin China Company. 
In addition to creating advertising illustrations for everything from hosiery to French perfume, Cobelle created a number of murals throughout the country in noteworthy public locations such as The Painted Desert Room of the Desert Inn in Las Vegas, the Mark Hopkins Hotel in San Francisco, Neiman-Marcus in Dallas and on the cruise ships of the Holland America Line.
Art.
Throughout his long and prosperous career, Cobelle painted his favorite subjects; Paris street scenes, race tracks, regattas and casinos. The subjects in Cobelle’s paintings were not of actual locations or events, but they nevertheless convey the excitement of the places that they depict. This imagery, combined with a vibrant palette of expressive colors, creates a world full of verve and wit that effortlessly transcends reality. 
His paintings are characterized by thin, descriptive line-work over broad patches of bold color. First, Cobelle would map out a scene in blocks of bold, expressive color. Then, he would define the imagery with spontaneous, fluid line work. Many of his paintings were painted on canvas with mixed media - oils, acrylics, tempera, conte crayon, ink, whatever was at hand. 
In 1965, a fire ravaged his studio at his home in Ridgefield, Connecticut. As a result, most of his early work was lost, as were all school records and correspondence. 
In his later years, which ended with his death in July 1994, he signed his paintings "“Chas Cobelle.”" 
Exhibitions.
In addition to his mixed media paintings his work has graced the covers of many of this country’s leading magazines and his murals have adorned the walls of many elegant residences, public buildings, fine hotels and restaurants.
Collections:
Cobelle Exhibits:
Magazine and Brochure Covers:
Murals:

</doc>
<doc id="19607719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19607719" title="Scheffer">
Scheffer

Scheffer is a Dutch occupational surname related to German Schäfer (meaning "shepherd") or Schaffer (meaning "overseer").[http://www.meertens.knaw.nl/nfb/detail_naam.php?gba_naam=Scheffer&nfd_naam=Scheffer&info=analyse%20en%20verklaring&operator=eq&taal=] Notable people with the surname include:
Scheffers:

</doc>
<doc id="19607725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19607725" title="Kerry Hemsley">
Kerry Hemsley

Kerry Hemsley (born 10 May 1960) is an Australian former professional rugby league player for the 
Balmain Tigers in the New South Wales Rugby League (NSWRL) competition. Hemsley primarily played at prop forward.
While playing for Yanco, Hemsley was selected to play for Riverina against the touring Great Britain side in 1979. 
Hemsley was recommended to Balmain by his Yanco captain-coach and former Tiger, Keith Outten. Hemsley spent nine seasons at Balmain, earning himself a reputation as an enforcer on the field and he became a club and crowd favourite with his long hair and beard. 
During the Australian off-seasons, Hemsley played in France for Olympique Pontétien in 1982–1983 and in England for the Wigan Warriors in 1983–1984. He became the first Balmain player to appear at Wembley Stadium in a cup final when Wigan met and were defeated by Widnes Vikings.
1988 was to be Hemsley's last season with Balmain. Having made the semi-finals in the previous 2 seasons, Hemsley was out of the team from round 3, with coach Warren Ryan preferring other players. He returned only for the semis, after the suspension of Steve Roach. He started at prop for the 24-12 loss to Canterbury in the grand final. Following his retirement he played a further 8 years of bush football with Yanco and Blayney.

</doc>
<doc id="19607728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19607728" title="Home Counties Premier Cricket League">
Home Counties Premier Cricket League

The Home Counties Premier Cricket League is the top level of competition for recreational club cricket in the Home Counties of England, and since 2000 has been a designated ECB Premier League. It serves Bedfordshire, Berkshire, Buckinghamshire, Hertfordshire and Oxfordshire.
The league consists of a First Division of ten clubs and a Division Two (East) and a Division Two (West), each of ten clubs, with promotion between Divisions and to and from the feeder leagues.
The league primarily serves the counties of Bedfordshire, Berkshire, Buckinghamshire, Hertfordshire and Oxfordshire. It has three feeder leagues, which cover narrower areas within the region:

</doc>
<doc id="19607733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19607733" title="Princess Maria Immaculata of Bourbon-Two Sicilies (1844–1899)">
Princess Maria Immaculata of Bourbon-Two Sicilies (1844–1899)

Princess Maria Immaculata of Bourbon-Two Sicilies (Full Italian name: "Maria Immacolata Clementina, Principessa di Borbone delle Due Sicilie") (14 April 1844, Naples, Two Sicilies – 18 February 1899, Vienna, Austria) was fifth child and second-eldest daughter of Ferdinand II of the Two Sicilies and his wife Maria Theresa of Austria. Through her marriage to Archduke Karl Salvator of Austria, Prince of Tuscany, Maria Immaculata became an Archduchess of Austria and a Princess of Austria, Hungary, Croatia, and Bohemia. She was a Dame of the Star Cross Order.
Early life.
Maria Immaculata was modest and reserved growing up and was jokingly called by her father "Petitta." Her mother, Maria Theresa, detested parties and court life and instead, she devoted herself to the care of her children and sewing. After the fall of the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies during the Expedition of the Thousand, the royal family fled to Rome where they resided at the Quirinal Palace at the invitation of the Pope Pius IX.
Marriage and issue.
Maria Immaculata married Archduke Karl Salvator of Austria, fifth child and second-eldest son of Leopold II, Grand Duke of Tuscany and his wife Princess Maria Antonia of the Two Sicilies, on 19 September 1861 in Rome. Maria Immaculata and Karl Salvator had ten children:
Later life.
Maria Immaculata was known for her beauty. She was included in Empress Elisabeth of Austria's photo album of beautiful women. Because Maria Immaculata's husband gave her a pearl necklace each time she bore another child, Empress Elisabeth mockingly nicknamed the family "The Pearl Divers". Eventually, Empress Elisabeth's youngest daughter Archduchess Marie Valerie married Maria Immaculata's son Franz Salvator.

</doc>
<doc id="19607745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19607745" title="Splendours of Royal Mysore">
Splendours of Royal Mysore

Splendours of Royal Mysore — The Untold Story of the Wodeyars is a book written by Vikram Sampath. The book chronicles the history of the Wodeyar dynasty that ruled the Kingdom of Mysore
It was the summer of AD 1399 that disaster struck a small principality of southern India. Mahisuru, which later went on to become Mysore, had lost its chieftain and was vulnerable to the machinations of a cunning upstart. At around the same time, two young aspirants left their ancestral home in Dwaraka, Gujarat and proceeded southwards in search of fame. Yaduraya, the elder of the two aspirants, was destinys chosen man, to lead a valiant attack against the vile upstart, rescue the family in distress, wed the princess and assume the lordship of the place. This event marked the birth of the Wodeyar Dynasty.

</doc>
<doc id="19607747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19607747" title="Psilocybe caerulescens var. caerulescens">
Psilocybe caerulescens var. caerulescens

"Psilocybe caerulescens" var. "caerulescens", also known as Landslide mushroom, is a psilocybin mushroom having psilocybin and psilocin as main active compounds. Along with "Psilocybe mexicana" and Psilocybe aztecorum, it is one of the mushrooms likely to have been used by the Aztecs.
Description.
The taste and smell of "Psilocybe caerulescens" var. "caerulescens" are strongly farinaceous, though the smell lessens with age or when dry.
Cap.
The cap is (1)3–7(10) cm broad. to obtusely campanulate with an incurved margin at first, rarely becoming plane, and often are umbonate or with a slight depression in the center. It is viscid when moist from a separable gelatinous pellicle. The margin is slightly translucent-striate when moist. The cap is hygrophanous, yellowish brown to reddish brown with a silvery-blue metallic luster, paler at the margin, and drying to a beige or straw yellow. It readily bruises blue when handled, the younger specimens bruising bluish olivacous or even blackish. The cap often has a great variation in color and form.
Gills.
The gills are adnate to sinuate and close to subclose. They are whitish, yellowish grey when young, becoming dark violaceous brown to sepia brown with age; the edges remain slightly whitish.<br>
"Psilocybe caerulescens" var. "caerulescens" spores are dark violaceous brown.
Stipe.
The stipe is (2)5–9(13) cm long and (5)8–10(12) mm thick. It is equal or enlarging slightly at the base, and is somewhat flexous, hollow, and subpruinose to floccose. The stipe is whitish to reddish brown or blackish and readily bruises blue. Rhizomorphs are sometimes attached to the base. The veil is well-developed but does not form a permanent annulus.
Microscopic Features.
The spores are subrhomboid to subellipsoid and (6)6.7–8(8.5) x 4–6 µm. The basidia each produce four spores, and occasionally only two spores. The cheilocystidia are 15–22(25) x 4.5–6 µm and fusoid, with a flexuous neck that is 1–2.5 µm broad. "Psilocybe caerulescens" var. "caerulescens" lacks pleurocystidia according to the published literature, but it actually has pleurocystidia.
Habitat and formation.
"Psilocybe caerulescens" var. "caerulescens" is found growing gregariously or cespitosely, rarely solitarily, from June through September on disturbed or cultivated grounds often devoid of herbaceous plants. It often grows in sunny locations, preferring muddy orangish brown soils. "Psilocybe caerulescens" var. "caerulescens" was first reported from near Montgomery, Alabama, by Murrill in 1923 on sugarcane mulch, not re-documented from that locality since. It was recently found in South Carolina in September 2008. "Psilocybe caerulescens" is common and widespread throughout central regions of Mexico, also found in Venezuela and Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="19607750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19607750" title="Koznik Mountain">
Koznik Mountain

Koznik is a small mountain in Kosovo. It is in the Metohija valley and is high, which is quite small compared to some of Kosovo's higher mountains. The White Drin river flows to the west of Koznik while the Miruša flows to the north of Koznik.

</doc>
<doc id="19607755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19607755" title="Jolanta Zawadzka">
Jolanta Zawadzka

Jolanta Zawadzka (born 8 February 1987 in Wrocław) is a Polish chess player. In 2004 she won the World Youth Chess Championship for girls U18. She won the gold medal with the Polish team in the European Team Chess Championship in Goteborg in 2005 and silver medals at the same competitions in Heraklion 2007 and Porto Carras 2011. 
In 2006 she won the Polish Chess Championship for women.

</doc>
<doc id="19607763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19607763" title="Bloody Mary (comics)">
Bloody Mary (comics)

Bloody Mary, in comics, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19607769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19607769" title="New Tech High School, Coppell">
New Tech High School, Coppell

New Tech High @ Coppell is a secondary high school located in Coppell, Texas, United States, a suburb of Dallas. It is the second high school in the Coppell Independent School District. It is part of the New Tech Network which nationwide has 86 "New Tech" schools. The school had its first senior class in 2011 and has a current enrollment of 486 students with 27 staff members. The school is also toured often by school districts and politicians interested in New Tech. It also has the shortest elapsed time in between when it starts and ends.
Campus.
New Tech High School @ Coppell is located at the former Lee Elementary School, which closed in June 2008. The school district plans to build a new campus for the high school near North Lake. As of mid-October 2008, Coppell ISD has signed closing documents on , with plans to buy an additional and build at least three new schools on the land.
Curriculum.
The school uses the New Tech curriculum pioneered by New Technology High School in California. Each school day consists of 22 20-minute modules, divided into either three- or four-module-long classes, a one-module lunch period and typically a one-module independent research period. Students are issued a laptop computer to use during class. Students are permitted to use a cell phone for school-related purposes.
New Tech runs using the PBL system, a process of learning standing for: "Project Based Learning". PBL differs from a traditional school in that students complete projects as a way to learn the material throughout a unit rather than a way to test their knowledge at the end of a unit.
Extracurricular activities.
Students participate in facilitator-led clubs, which meet during the school day once a month. These include book club, debate club, food club, and music club.
However, New Tech High @ Coppell does not field UIL-sponsored extra-curricular activity teams; students wishing to participate in such teams do so as part of Coppell High School (the students spend part of the day at New Tech and the remainder at CHS).

</doc>
<doc id="19607770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19607770" title="Tom H. Koornwinder">
Tom H. Koornwinder

Tom H. Koornwinder (born 19 September 1943, Rotterdam) is a Dutch mathematician at the Korteweg-de Vries Institute of Mathematics who introduced Koornwinder polynomials.

</doc>
<doc id="19607780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19607780" title="2008 Bank Austria-TennisTrophy – Singles">
2008 Bank Austria-TennisTrophy – Singles

Novak Djokovic was the defending champion, but chose not to participate that year.
Philipp Petzschner won in the final 6–4, 6–4, against Gaël Monfils.

</doc>
<doc id="19607782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19607782" title="Alain Clark">
Alain Clark

Alain Clark (born 4 June 1979 in Haarlem, Netherlands) is a Dutch musician and producer.
Biography.
Alain Clark was born in Haarlem, the Netherlands. He went to the Coornhert Lyceum there and also lived in the USA for 3 years to work on his songwriting skills. His first album was released in 2004, written and produced by himself, in Dutch and contained the hitsong "Heerlijk".
As a producer, he worked with Ali B and many others. He produced the debut album of singer Boris. He won the Dutch Zilveren Harp in 2004.
In January 2007, Clark worked on his first album in English. Steve Gadd played drums on "Live It Out", an album that went 3 times platinum, with more than 180,000 copies sold. After his success in the Netherlands, Alain Clark released the album in the United Kingdom, and reached the charts in Italy and Switzerland. The album contains hit singles like "This Ain't Gonna Work", which went straight to the Dutch Top 3 and stayed in the Dutch charts for 12 weeks. The album also contains the famous duet "Father and Friend" with his father Dane Clark, the singer of the band Dane and the Dukes of Soul. The song was his biggest chart success. After these two hit singles, "Blow Me Away", a third track reached the Dutch Top 10 as well. In the end of 2007, Alain clark received a Mega Award in the Netherlands. In 2008 he also received a 3FM Award and in 2009 he won the highly respected Edison Music Award. 
In 2010 Clark released his album "Colorblind" a record full of melodic soul, that went gold on its first week of release. It contains the singles "Love Is Everywhere", "Good Days" and a duet with Diane Birch titled "Too Soon to End". The album was released in Italy, Switzerland and Brasil.
Alain Clark returned with "Generation Love Revival" to the passion of his youth: the groove. Alain says: "At fifteen, I mainly listened to hiphop artists. Like them, I was only interested in rhythm and minimal melody. Those were my roots, that's the way I started making music. On "Generation Love Revival" I return to that groove-based way of composing. And of course: I use all the experience of the years in between."

</doc>
<doc id="19607790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19607790" title="Stan Kann">
Stan Kann

Stan Kann (December 9, 1924 – September 29, 2008) received national recognition in the 1960s when he was a frequent guest on "The Tonight Show" and daytime television talk shows, showcasing his collection of vacuum cleaners. Kann also was known among theatre organ aficionados for his 22-year tenure as resident organist at the Fox Theatre in St. Louis, Missouri.
Organist.
Kann, a native of St. Louis, began playing the organ at age 4. He majored in classical organ at Washington University in St. Louis. In the late 40's, he convinced the management of the Fox Theatre in St Louis to allow him to refurbish the 4-36 Fox Special Wurlitzer which had lain idle for twenty years and became official house organist in 1952. Kann served as the theater's resident organist until 1974, four years before the Fox closed. In 1956, Kann installed a Wurlitzer in the famous St. Louis restaurant "Ruggeri's On The Hill" later owned by Stan Musial and played there regularly until 1974. His Saturday evening performances at Ruggeri's were broadcast on the NBC Network from 1964 to 1974. 
Talk show guest.
Kann's first appearance on "The Tonight Show" was June 8, 1966. He had been booked to discuss some of the prized carpet sweepers from his 150-item collection. "I planned on showing the vacuums as a kind of historical demonstration. I had no idea what it would turn into," Kann told a reporter for the St. Louis Post Dispatch.
Once Kann began demonstrating the sweepers on air, parts began to fall off the vacuum cleaners at inopportune moments. "Tonight Show" host Johnny Carson saved the situation with humorous ad libs, and Kann was invited to make 76 additional appearances on "The Tonight Show".
Kann had been introduced to Carson through Phyllis Diller. He met Diller when she made a guest appearance on "The Charlotte Peters Show", a local St. Louis television program. Kann served as musical director and co-host on the show, and Diller was impressed by Kann's wit. "When she saw my vacuum (collection) she said, 'I'm going to call the Carson show, cause you're nuts,'" Kann said in an Associated Press interview.
Kann also made 89 appearances on "The Mike Douglas Show" and was a guest on talk shows hosted by Merv Griffin and Gypsy Rose Lee.
Biography.
Kann became interested in vacuum cleaners at age 8. His interest primarily stemmed from the fact that his parents couldn't afford to buy one.
Kann developed the ability to distinguish different models of vacuum cleaners by sound. If, while walking down the street, he heard a cleaner he didn't recognize, he had no qualms about knocking on the door and asking to see the sweeper. "Sometimes they'd say yes, and sometimes they'd say no," Kann told the "Post-Dispatch" interviewer. He briefly worked as a vacuum cleaner salesman in high school.
Kann moved from Missouri to Los Angeles in 1975, but returned to St. Louis in 1998 for hip replacement surgery.
Kann died at Saint Louis University Hospital of complications from open heart surgery.

</doc>
<doc id="19607791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19607791" title="WNTA">
WNTA

WNTA (1330 AM) is a radio station licensed to Rockford, Illinois, USA. The station serves the Rockford area. The station's programing is focused on Spanish news/talk and music and branded "La Movida." The station is owned by Mid-West Family Broadcasting.
History.
The station was assigned the call letters WXTA on September 23, 1982. On March 1, 1987, the station changed its call sign to WYBR and on September 1, 1988 to WRRR. On September 18, 1995, the station became the current WNTA.
On November 11, 2011, WNTA rebranded as "100.5 NTA FM".
On July 26, 2012 WNTA changed their format from news/talk to comedy, branded as "Funny 1330".
In 2013 WNTA was sold to Mid-West Family Broadcasting and WNTA was promptly flipped to Spanish news & talk/full-service programming as "La Movida". Much of the programming and personalities are originated from sister station WLMV in Madison, Wisconsin.

</doc>
<doc id="19607794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19607794" title="Athletics at the 1988 Summer Paralympics">
Athletics at the 1988 Summer Paralympics

Athletics at the 1988 Summer Paralympics consisted of 344 events. Because of ties for third place in the men's 800 metre A1–3/A9/L2 and precision throw C1 events, a total of 346 bronze medals were awarded. Because of a tie for first place in the women's 100 m 5–6 345 gold medals and 343 silver medals were awarded

</doc>
<doc id="19607802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19607802" title="Live (Spock's Beard album)">
Live (Spock's Beard album)

Live is a DVD and 2 CD set released by American progressive rock band Spock's Beard. The two versions are only available separately.
It is a live album that features the entire concert played by the band at Zoetermeer, Netherlands, on May 25, 2007. It is also the second live album released by the band after the departure of Neal Morse, and is the first one recorded for DVD without the presence of the band's former frontman. Morse recorded his own live album Sola Scriptura And Beyond at the same venue the following night Spock's Beard recorded this album.
Release dates were varied: June 13, 2008 for Austria, Germany, Switzerland, June 16, 2008 for the rest of Europe and June 24, 2008 for North America.

</doc>
<doc id="19607816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19607816" title="SS Sirdhana (1947)">
SS Sirdhana (1947)

SS "Sirdhana" was one of the larger S-class passenger ships of the British India Steam Navigation Company. The ship was commissioned in 1947 and scrapped in Taiwan in 1972. 

</doc>
<doc id="19607822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19607822" title="Truck (rigging)">
Truck (rigging)

A truck is a nautical term for a wooden ball, disk, or bun-shaped cap at the top of a mast, with holes in it through which flag halyards are passed. Trucks are also used on wooden flagpoles, to prevent them from splitting.
Without a masthead truck, water could easily seep into the circular growth rings of a wooden mast. However, the grain in the truck is perpendicular to that of the mast, allowing the water to run off it.

</doc>
<doc id="19607823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19607823" title="Günter Kaltenbrunner">
Günter Kaltenbrunner

Günter Kaltenbrunner (born 28 July 1943) is a former Austrian soccer player.
Career.
During his career as football player, he played for the following clubs:
He also played four times for the Austrian national team between 1968 and 1972.
He was coach from SC Eisenstadt in the season 1980/81. Later he worked for the Bank Austria and was President of SK Rapid Wien 1995-1999.

</doc>
<doc id="19607842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19607842" title="WLUV">
WLUV

WLUV (1520 AM) is a radio station licensed to Loves Park, Illinois, USA, the station serves the Rockford area. Originally a daytime only station, WLUV operates with reduced power at night. The station carries a Classic country, Sports and Talk format. WLUV is currently owned by Angelo Joseph Salvi, and broadcasts CBS Radio news. A sister station, WLUV-FM operated at 96.7 MHz, but is now known as WKGL-FM and is owned by Cumulus Media.

</doc>
<doc id="19607853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19607853" title="SS Dwarka">
SS Dwarka

SS "Dwarka" was the second of four "modern D Class" passenger/cargo sister ships of the British India Steam Navigation Company (BI). The only one of the quartet to be built by Swan, Hunter & Wigham Richardson at Walker, Newcastle upon Tyne, "Dwarka" entered service in 1947 on her owners' Persian Gulf local trades. She was named after Dwarka, an ancient city of religious significance in the state of Gujarat, on India's northwest coast.
Of 4,851 gross tons, 399 feet in length and 55 feet wide, the vessel was powered by William Doxford & Sons diesel engines geared to a single screw, giving a service speed of 13.5 knots. Original maximum passenger capacity was 1,104 (13 first class, 41 second class and 1,050 deck class), with 122 crew. The quartet were described as "... ships of transport, cargo plus passengers - comfortable but not luxurious, dependable but not speedy - appropriately functional for their time".
"Dwarka" was the final British-India vessel to operate traditional "liner" trades. However the last passenger ship wearing BI livery was , withdrawn in 1985, having previously transferred to the cruise ship operations of parent company Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company.
Twice, very close to the end of the vessel's career, "Dwarka" featured on film. In 1979 the BBC made a television documentary stressing the ship's unique historic status, which reportedly prompted renewed interest in her from around the world. In 1981, "Dwarka" was used for several location shoots (portraying much earlier BI vessels) in Richard Attenborough's 1982 film "Gandhi", about the life of Mahatma Gandhi. 
After a very long and successful career, "SS Dwarka" was scrapped at Gadani Beach, Pakistan, in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="19607854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19607854" title="Jung Young-Ho">
Jung Young-Ho

Jung Young-Ho (born on July 13, 1982) is a male freestyle wrestler from South Korea. He participated in Men's freestyle 66 kg at 2008 Summer Olympics, but was eliminated in the 1/8 of final losing with Serafim Barzakov.
He also participated in Men's freestyle 60 kg at 2004 Summer Olympics where he was ranked 7th.

</doc>
<doc id="19607864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19607864" title="Open notebook science">
Open notebook science

Open notebook science is the practice of making the entire primary record of a research project publicly available online as it is recorded. This involves placing the personal, or laboratory, notebook of the researcher online along with all raw and processed data, and any associated material, as this material is generated. The approach may be summed up by the slogan 'no insider information'. It is the logical extreme of transparent approaches to research and explicitly includes the making available of failed, less significant, and otherwise unpublished experiments; so called 'dark data'. The practice of open notebook science, although not the norm in the academic community, has gained significant recent attention in the research and general media as part of a general trend towards more open approaches in research practice and publishing. Open notebook science can therefore be described as part of a wider open science movement that includes the advocacy and adoption of open access publication, open data, crowdsourcing data, and citizen science. It is inspired in part by the success of open-source software and draws on many of its ideas.
History.
The term "open notebook science" was first used in a blog post by Jean-Claude Bradley, an Associate Professor of Chemistry at Drexel University. Bradley described open notebook science as follows:
Practitioners.
Partial/Pseudo open notebooks.
These are initiatives more open than traditional laboratory notebooks but lacking a key component for full Open Notebook Science. Usually either the notebook is only partially shared or shared with significant delay.
Benefits.
A public laboratory notebook makes it convenient to cite the exact instances of experiments used to support arguments in articles. For example, in a paper on the optimization of a Ugi reaction, three different batches of product are used in the characterization and each spectrum references the specific experiment where each batch was used: EXP099, EXP203 and EXP206. This work was subsequently published in the Journal of Visualized Experiments, demonstrating that the integrity data provenance can be maintained from lab notebook to final publication in a peer-reviewed journal.
Without further qualifications, Open Notebook Science implies that the research is being reported on an ongoing basis without unreasonable delay or filter. This enables others to understand exactly how research actually happens within a field or a specific research group. Such information could be of value to collaborators, prospective students or future employers. Providing access to selective notebook pages or inserting an embargo period would be inconsistent with the meaning of the term "Open" in this context. Unless error corrections, failed experiments and ambiguous results are reported, it will not be possible for an outside observer to understand exactly how science is being done. Terms such as Pseudo or Partial have been used as qualifiers for the sharing of laboratory notebook information in a selective way or with a significant delay.
Drawbacks.
The arguments against adopting Open Notebook Science fall mainly into three categories which have differing importance in different fields of science. The primary concern, expressed particularly by biological and medical scientists is that of 'data theft' or 'being scooped'. While the degree to which research groups steal or adapt the results of others remains a subject of debate it is certainly the case that the fear of not being first to publish drives much behaviour, particularly in some fields. This is related to the focus in these fields on the published peer reviewed paper as being the main metric of career success.
The second argument advanced against Open Notebook Science is that it constitutes prior publication, thus making it impossible to patent and difficult to publish the results in the traditional peer reviewed literature. With respect to patents, publication on the web is clearly classified as disclosure. Therefore, while there may be arguments over the value of patents, and approaches that get around this problem, it is clear that Open Notebook Science is not appropriate for research for which patent protection is an expected and desired outcome. With respect to publication in the peer reviewed literature the case is less clear cut. Most publishers of scientific journals accept material that has previously been presented at a conference or in the form of a preprint. Those publishers that accept material that has been previously published in these forms have generally indicated informally that web publication of data, including Open Notebook Science, falls into this category. Open notebook projects have been successfully published in high impact factor peer reviewed journals but this has not been tested with a wide range of publishers. It is to be expected that those publishers that explicitly exclude these forms of pre-publication will not accept material previously disclosed in an open notebook.
The final argument relates to the problem of the 'data deluge'. If the current volume of the peer reviewed literature is too large for any one person to manage, then how can anyone be expected to cope with the huge quantity of non peer reviewed material that could potentially be available, especially when some, perhaps most, would be of poor quality? A related argument is that 'my notebook is too specific' for it to be of interest to anyone else. The question of how to discover high quality and relevant material is a related issue. The issue of curation and validating data and methodological quality is a serious issue and one that arguably has relevance beyond Open Notebook Science but is a particular challenge here.
Funding and sponsorship.
The Open Notebook Science Challenge, now directed towards reporting solubility measurements in non-aqueous solvent, has received sponsorship from [http://www.submeta.org/ Submeta, Nature and Sigma-Aldrich. The first of ten winners of the contest for December 2008 was Jenny Hale.
Logos.
Logos can be used on notebooks to indicate the conditions of sharing. Fully open notebooks are marked as "All Content" and "Immediate" access. Partially open notebooks can be marked as either "Selected Content" and/or "Delayed".

</doc>
<doc id="19607870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19607870" title="Engine crane">
Engine crane

An engine crane is a common repair tool used in vehicle repair shops to remove or install gasoline or diesel engines in small and crowded vehicle engine compartments. It uses a heavy cantilevered support structure to hold the engine in mid-air so that the mechanic can carefully connect or disconnect fragile hoses and wires on the engine to the frame of the vehicle.
Engine cranes are typically mounted on large casters so than an engine can be lifted straight up out of an engine compartment and then rolled away from the immobile vehicle frame. 
The engine crane is commonly used in combination with the engine stand so that the removed engine can be rotated in midair to provide access to underside surfaces of the engine.

</doc>
<doc id="19607882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19607882" title="Dourbie">
Dourbie

"Dourbie is also a tributary of the Hérault river"
The Dourbie is a 72 km long river in southern France, left tributary of the Tarn River. Its source is north of Le Vigan, in the Cévennes. It flows generally west through the following "départements" and towns:
The Dourbie flows into the Tarn in Millau.

</doc>
<doc id="19607883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19607883" title="Otjomuise">
Otjomuise

Otjomuise (Otjiherero: "place of steam") is a township in north-western Windhoek, Namibia. 
Otjomuise is also one of the two traditional names of the town Windhoek. It references the hot springs near today's city centre. In May 2005, Democratic Turnhalle Alliance leader Katuutire Kaura introduced a motion into the National Assembly which would have changed Windhoek's official name to Otjomuise as part of a national Africanization of major towns and cities.
8ste Laan.
8ste Laan (Afrikaans, "8th street") is an unincorporated informal settlement adjacent to the Otjomuise residential area. The City of Windhoek claims that the land is meant for recreational purposes and not for housing. It served the shack owners with evictions because the occupation of erf 4421 on which the 8ste Laan's shacks have been erected was not authorized by them.
Despite all this controversy the 8ste Laan community has gardening project that supplies Khomasdal soup kitchens with vegetables. This gardening project was launched by the founding father of Namibia, Dr Sam Nujoma, to stop people from depending on the government.

</doc>
<doc id="19607905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19607905" title="Peter McGonagle">
Peter McGonagle

William 'Peter' McGonagle (30 April 1904 – 20 December 1956) was a Scottish footballer who played mainly for Celtic. He was born in Hamilton, South Lanarkshire. He is the son of former Hamilton Academical player Peter McGonagle. William getting the nickname Peter from his school days 
Joined Celtic from Duntocher Hibernian in October 1926. He started as a left half but converted to left back. He made his Celtic debut again Falkirk on 27 August 1927.
Making his Scotland debut against England on 1 April 1933 at the age of 28, he went on to earn six caps. He never scored for Scotland, but missed a penalty kick in a 1-2 defeat by Ireland in his second game on 16 September 1933. His last Scotland cap came against Wales on 21 November 1934. He also represented the Scottish League.
His Celtic career often blighted with incidents came to an end in the summer of 1936 when he was released after playing 325 games scoring 8 goals. One such incident happened in a game against Rangers in 1935, when McGonagle infuriated by a late challenge on Joe Kennaway from Rangers’ big forward Jimmy Smith, which had laid out the Celtic keeper. Smith had a reputation for his overtly-physical approach to the game and on this occasion McGonagle thought he had gone too far. With Kennaway receiving treatment and Smith sat in the penalty area, the enraged McGonagle picked up the match ball and marched over to where the Rangers forward was sat. Standing directly over Smith, he slowly raised his arms and with considerable force bounced the ball off Smith’s head. McGonagle was sent off for his actions and for some Celtic directors it was an indiscretion too far for Peter and from that moment his days at Parkhead looked numbered.
He later played for a season in England in the Southern League for Cheltenham Town
Personal life.
His son Peter McGonagle (1934-2013) was captain of Scotland and Great Britain Water Polo teams.

</doc>
<doc id="19607913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19607913" title="X Hits">
X Hits

X Hits is the first greatest hits album and the first EP by pop band Liberty X who disbanded in April 2007. The album contains 10 tracks voted by fans and was released on October 6, 2008.
Info.
The album was voted by fans in October 2008 with only 10 tracks confirmed as the track listing.

</doc>
<doc id="19607915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19607915" title="Geandry Garzón">
Geandry Garzón

Geandry Garzón Caballero (born November 3, 1983 in Santiago de Cuba) is a male freestyle wrestler from Cuba. He participated in Men's freestyle 66 kg at 2008 Summer Olympics. He lost the bronze medal fight with Otar Tushishvili.

</doc>
<doc id="19607916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19607916" title="Vision d'Etat">
Vision d'Etat

Vision d'Etat (foaled April 20, 2005 in Maine-et-Loire) is a French Thoroughbred racehorse.
Background.
Vision d'Erat was sired by Group One winner Chichicastenango and out of the mare Uberaba, he was bought for €39,000 by Jacques Detre and trainer Eric Libaud's wife, Vicky.
Racing career.
At age two, Vision d'Etat won the Prix le Pompier at the Les Sables-d'Olonne raceourse and the Prix de la Malmontagne at the Fontainebleau racecourse. At age three, he won the Prix Alcantara II at Saint-Cloud Racecourse, and at Chantilly Racecourse, both the Prix de Suresnes and the prestigious French Classic, the Prix du Jockey Club. His last outing in mid September was at Longchamp Racecourse where he won the Prix Niel. Undefeated in his first six starts, on October 5, 2008 Vision d'Etat finished fifth in France's most prestigious race, the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe.
Vision d'Etat began his 2009 campaign in early April with a third-place finish in the Prix d'Harcourt. On April 26 he won the Group One, Prix Ganay. On 17 June 2009, he won the Prince of Wales's Stakes at Royal Ascot, the horse came up the inside from last place to the land the 1m 2f race. A second placing in the Prix Foy and a defeat in the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe followed, before he dropped back to his favoured 2000 metre distance when winning the Hong Kong Cup at Sha Tin.
Vision d'Etat started his 2010 campaign with a 12th placing in the Dubai World Cup. He returned to win a Group 3 in August, before ending his career with a second placing in the Champion Stakes and a fourth in the Hong Kong Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19607947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19607947" title="No. 680 Squadron RAF">
No. 680 Squadron RAF

No. 680 Squadron RAF was a photo-reconnaissance squadron of the Royal Air Force, active during the Second World War.
History.
No. 680 Squadron RAF was formed in February 1943 from 'A' Flight of No. 2 Photographic Reconnaissance Unit (PRU), equipped with a variety of aircraft including Supermarine Spitfires, Hawker Hurricanes, Bristol Beaufighters and Lockheed Electras. It continued in the photographic reconnaissance role, operating in North Africa and the Mediterranean. 
In early 1944, the unit converted to Martin Baltimores and de Havilland Mosquitoes, deploying to Sicily and Sardinia later in the year.
After the end of the war, 680 Squadron flew surveying missions in the Middle East, before being disbanded by renumbering it to No. 13 Squadron RAF on 1 September 1946.
Noted squadron members.
A well-known Australian actor, Charles "Bud" Tingwell, piloted Spitfires and Mosquitoes with the squadron.

</doc>
<doc id="19607963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19607963" title="Haislan Garcia">
Haislan Garcia

Haislan Garcia Veranes (born March 4, 1983 in Guanabacoa, Cuba) is a male freestyle wrestler from Canada. He participated in Men's freestyle 66 kg at 2008 Summer Olympics. He was eliminated in the 1/8 of final losing with Mehdi Taghavi from Iran.

</doc>
<doc id="19607986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19607986" title="Camp Boiro">
Camp Boiro

Camp Boiro or Camp Mamadou Boiro (1960 – 1984) is a defunct Guinean concentration camp within Conakry city.
During the regime of President Ahmed Sékou Touré, thousands of political opponents were imprisoned at the camp.
It has been estimated that almost 5,000 people were executed or died from torture or starvation at the camp.
Early years.
Sékou Touré became president of Guinea when the country gained independence from France in 1958. Over the years that followed, his regime became increasingly repressive, persecuting opposition leaders and dissidents from within the ruling Guinean Democratic Party (PDG).
The camp, situated in the center of Conakry, was originally called Camp Camyenne. 
The camp was constructed with assistance from the Czechoslovak government. In 1961 the commandant had the windows reduced in size, since they were too large for condemned men.
The camp was renamed Camp Mamadou Boiro in 1969 in honor of a police commissioner who had been thrown from a helicopter in which he was transporting prisoners from Labé to Conakry.
The camp was used to dispose of Touré's opponents.
Marof Achkar, actor and former Guinean ambassador to the United Nations, was recalled to Guinea in 1968, arrested and jailed at Camp Boiro.
He briefly gained his freedom in the 1970 coup attempt. His family learned in 1985 that he had been shot on 26 January 1971.
The so-called Labé plot, linked to French imperialism, was uncovered in February 1969. 
Touré used this plot to purge the army and execute at least 13 people.
A total of 87 people were arrested and detained in the camp. Two, Diallo Mouctar and Keïta Namory, died of starvation and dehydration only days after their arrest.
Fodéba Keïta, former Minister of Defense, was arrested for alleged complicity in the Labé plot. He was shot after forced starvation on 27 May 1969.
Aftermath of 1970 coup attempt.
On 21 November 1970 a group of Portuguese troops assisted by Guinean fighters invaded Conakry from the sea in an attempt to overthrow the Touré regime ("Operation Green Sea"). They captured Camp Boiro and liberated the prisoners. The camp commandant Siaka Touré managed to hide, but General Lansana Diané, minister of Defense, was captured. He later escaped and took refuge with the ambassador of Algeria.
The coup attempt failed, and in the aftermath many opponents of the regime were rounded up and imprisoned in Camp Boiro.
On 23 December 1970, the Bishop of Conakry, Raymond-Marie Tchidimbo, was arrested, and subsequently made a "confession".
Tchidimbo later wrote a book about his 8-year, 8-month stay at the camp.
Alassane Diop, who was Senegalese in origin, a former Minister of Information in Guinea was arrested and held in Camp Boiro for ten years, returning to Senegal after his release.
The prisoners were given little food other than a scrap of bread the size of a box of matches in the morning, and a ladle of plain rice cooked in dirty water in the evening. There was never any meat except on days when Touré was performing some sacrifice.
Starting in January 1971 the prisoners were interrogated by a Revolutionary Committee headed by Ismaël Touré, half-brother of Sékou Touré and minister of the Economy.
Some prisoners were placed on the "black diet", meaning no food or water until they died. 
Prisoners could only show their courage by refusing to confess during torture sessions, and refusing to beg for food when placed on the black diet.
Loffo Camara, former Secretary of State for Social Affairs, was hanged on 25 January 1971, the only woman killed at that time.
According to El Hadj Ibrahima Diane, an inmate for many years, from June 1972 until August 1973 at least four corpses were taken from the cells each day and thrown into mass graves in the rear yard of the prison.
In 1975, France agreed to restore diplomatic relations after French prisoners were released from the camp. This reduced pressure on Touré. The book "Prison D'Afrique" by Jean-Paul Alata, a survivor from the camp, was banned from publication in France and had to be printed in Belgium.
Further incarcerations followed in the ensuing years. 
Diallo Telli was a popular politician, loyal to the regime, and former Secretary General of the Organization of African Unity (OAU).
He returned to Guinea in 1972 and was appointed Minister of Justice.
On 18 July 1976, Diallo Telli was arrested at his home and imprisoned at Camp Boiro.
In February 1977 five prominent prisoners were eliminated through the black diet: Diallo Telli, ex-ministers Barry Alpha Oumar and Dramé Alioune, and army officers Diallo Alhassana and Kouyate Laminé. The next month five more people died of starvation.
The arrests and deaths continued. In August 1979 Bah Mamadou, an expatriate from Labé who had moved to France, returned to visit his family. Entering the country from Senegal, all occupants of his vehicle were arrested and jailed at Camp Boiro. Eight of the travellers - all but Bah Mahmoud himself - had died of the black diet within a month.
In September 1983 the government announced they had uncovered a plot to sabotage a meeting of the OAU planned to be held in Conakry the next year. Eighty one people were incarcerated in Camp Boiro.
Legacy.
After the death of Sékou Touré in 1984, the military took power and released many of the political prisoners at Camp Boiro.
Many of the leaders of the former regime were imprisoned, and later executed.
In the years that followed, the association of Victims of Camp Boiro fought for many years to maintain the memory of what had happened.
The council of ministers issued a communique on 27 August 1991 for renovation of the camp and construction of a memorial to all the victims, but no action followed.
The Association was forbidden to establish a museum in the former camp.
In a 2007 interview, Bobo Dieng, a former senior official in the Touré government, stated that there had been just 117 deaths at the camp.
It was not until 2009 that the interim president Moussa Dadis Camara met the members of the association.
That year, demolition of the camp buildings began, but it was not known whether a memorial would be erected.
As of 2010, there had been no commission of inquiry, and all documents about the camp were inaccessible or had been destroyed.

</doc>
<doc id="19607993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19607993" title="Herbert Sparkes">
Herbert Sparkes

Herbert Weston Sheppard Sparkes (1859 – 22 May 1923) was briefly the Conservative MP for Tiverton.
He was elected MP for Tiverton at the 1922 general election. Sparkes was 63 years old when elected. 
Sparkes did not serve long as an MP, and died in May 1923, aged 64. At the ensuing by-election in June 1923 the seat was won by the Liberal Party.

</doc>
<doc id="19608002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608002" title="Imperial cities of Morocco">
Imperial cities of Morocco

The imperial cities of Morocco are the four historical capital cities of Morocco: Fes, Marrakech, Meknes and Rabat.
Rabat is the current capital of Morocco.
Fes.
Founded by Idris I between 789 and 808, the town of Fes was the capital city several times:
Marrakech.
Marrakech is considered a symbol of Morocco and the power of the Almoravid and Almohad dynasties. It was founded in 1071 and became the capital for the two following centuries.
Marrakech the capital city capital for:
Meknes.
Founded by the Alaouite sultan Ismail Ibn Sharif (r.1672–1727), who built its walls and made it his capital.
Rabat.
Founded by the Almohad caliph Yaqub al-Mansur with the aim to make it his capital, the project was abandoned after he died and Marrakech remained the capital city.
In the 18th century, Rabat was designated as an Imperial city by the Alaouite sultan Muhammad ibn Abdallah, who built the Dar al-Makhzan palace, although he did not designate any city as his capital, moving continually between Rabat, Fes and Marrakech.

</doc>
<doc id="19608021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608021" title="Hoppner Inlet">
Hoppner Inlet

Hoppner Inlet is an arm of Foxe Basin's Lyon Inlet on southern Melville Peninsula in Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, Canada.
It was first surveyed by the Royal Navy officer and Arctic explorer Lieutenant Henry Parkyns Hoppner during William Edward Parry's Second Arctic Expedition of 1821-1823, and named by Parry in honor of Hoppner.

</doc>
<doc id="19608026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608026" title="The Soul of Nina Simone">
The Soul of Nina Simone

The Soul of Nina Simone is a DualDisc, which contains a CD on one side of the disc and a DVD on the other.

</doc>
<doc id="19608034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608034" title="No. 668 Squadron RAF">
No. 668 Squadron RAF

No. 668 Squadron RAF was a glider squadron of the Royal Air Force active during the Second World War.
History.
No. 668 Squadron RAF was formed on 16 November 1944 at Calcutta, (then) British India as a glider squadron, with the intention of being used for airborne operations by South East Asia Command. It continued to train, as part of No. 343 Wing RAF, until the surrender of Japan, when it became surplus to requirements. The squadron was disbanded on 10 November 1945 at Fatehjang.
Present.
The squadron today is represented by 668 Squadron of 2 (Training) Regiment, Army Air Corps.

</doc>
<doc id="19608037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608037" title="2008 Nürburgring Superleague Formula round">
2008 Nürburgring Superleague Formula round

The 2008 Nürburgring Superleague Formula round was the second round of the inaugural Superleague Formula championship, with the races taking place on September 21, 2008. Eighteen football teams were represented on the grid, one more than at the opening round at Donington Park, with the introduction of the car representing Atlético Madrid driven by Andy Soucek. Other driver changes saw debuts for James Walker (replacing Ryan Dalziel in the Rangers F.C. car) and Antônio Pizzonia (replacing Soucek in the SC Corinthians car - with the Spaniard moving to the new Atlético Madrid car as mentioned above). The meeting saw wins for A.C. Milan and PSV Eindhoven, while Beijing Guoan extended their championship lead to 24 points.
Report.
Qualifying.
After the random draw which split the eighteen-car field into two groups, the fastest four qualifiers from each progressed into the knockout stages to decide places 1 to 8 on the grid. For the second race in succession, two drivers missed out on places in the knockout stages, despite setting a faster time than the fourth-placed qualifier in the slower group. On this occasion, Group A was the faster group, and saw Olympiacos CFP (Kasper Andersen) and for the second time Borussia Dortmund (Nelson Philippe) miss out on qualifying for the knockout stages, despite recording a time nearly two tenths of a second faster than fourth-placed Group B qualifier CR Flamengo (Tuka Rocha). Having qualified fastest in their respective groups, FC Basel 1893 (Max Wissel) and A.C. Milan (Robert Doornbos) were expected to meet in the final, but Wissel was eliminated by Galatasaray S.K. (Alessandro Pier Guidi) in the semi-final stage, after the German didn't set a time. This semi-final was also the end of the Turkish side's participation in the session, as Pier Guidi had run out of fuel in his machine, thus handing Superleague's second pole to Milan by default.
Race 1.
The race began with a rolling start, just like at Donington but this race saw the introduction of pitstops to the Superleague fray. From the start, the A.C. Milan car of Robert Doornbos got a fantastic jump and would leave Alessandro Pier Guidi's Galatasaray S.K. car behind to battle with the cars of Antônio Pizzonia (SC Corinthians) and Craig Dolby (R.S.C. Anderlecht). Dolby held second for a few yards before Pizzonia took second into turn one. Pizzonia would close up rapidly to the back of Doornbos' car, nearly colliding at some points of the circuit and he led the chasers by a couple of seconds. Following them was the Borussia Dortmund car of Nelson Philippe and the FC Basel 1893 car of home driver Max Wissel. Philippe's stay in fifth was short-lived however, as an engine failure on lap three forced him to retire from the race and would not return to the track for the rest of the meeting. Doornbos began to pull away from his challengers by the time of the pitstops. For the pitstops, only two mechanics per wheel are allowed. Pier Guidi was the first to pit, removing his fairly well worn set of boots off the car, with Dolby, Doornbos and the others bar Pizzonia and Yelmer Buurman's PSV Eindhoven car pitting around half-distance. When Buurman did make his stop, he stalled as he was exiting losing valuable time. He would end up 10th, with the only consolation being a fastest lap of the race. Pizzonia had an equally fraught pitstop, losing half a minute with a stall and would go on to finish 7th. When all the dramas had calmed down, Doornbos held on to win by 6.631 seconds from Dolby with Pier Guidi capitalising on the errors by others to take the final podium spot. Debutant James Walker finished fourth for gers F.C. having started on row six, followed by championship leader Davide Rigon (Beijing Guoan), fellow Donington winner Borja García (Sevilla FC), Pizzonia, Tristan Gommendy's F.C. Porto machine, Wissel, Buurman and Andreas Zuber completed the finishers for Al Ain.
Race 2.
Following their first race retirement, A.S. Roma (Enrico Toccacelo) was on pole for the reverse grid race. Toccacelo led away, with the Liverpool F.C. car of Adrián Vallés tucking into second place behind the Italian, at the expense of Tuka Rocha in the CR Flamengo machine. His race would be concluded early along with Kasper Andersen (Olympiacos CFP) in a final-corner incident on lap one. Another first lap retiree was Duncan Tappy in Tottenham Hotspur's car having been hit by Zuber at the opening hairpin. Again, there was drama in the pitstops with race leader Toccacelo narrowly avoiding a stray wheel from the car of Walker. Walker would also cause the series' first safety car period when he spun in the Mercedes Arena. From the restart, Toccacelo led away from Buurman, Dolby and Rigon. However, a box of neutrals exiting the opening hairpin saw those three pass the unlucky Italian driver. It would finish in that order, with Buurman holding off Dolby by 0.611 seconds. Gommendy would finish 5th followed home by Doornbos, Pier Guidi, García, Andy Soucek (Atlético Madrid), Pizzonia and again, Zuber completed the finishers. In the championship, Beijing Guoan extended their lead to 24 points over PSV Eindhoven with Sevilla a further seven points behind.
Results.
Qualifying.
Grid.
"* - Flamengo were given a ten-place grid penalty for disobeying flags."

</doc>
<doc id="19608039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608039" title="Kjeld Petersen">
Kjeld Petersen

Kjeld Petersen (1 July 1920 – 24 May 1962) was a Danish film and stage actor. He appeared in 41 films between 1945 and 1962, and also enjoyed successes as dramatic stage actor and revue comedian, particularly in a crazy comedy duo with Dirch Passer lasting through the 1950s to his death.
He was born and died in Copenhagen, Denmark, suffering a stroke in his home following a successful opening performance at the ABC Theatre in which he performed alongside Passer.
In the 2011 Danish Dirch Passer biopic A Funny Man, Petersen was depicted by Lars Ranthe. A 2013 Danmarks Radio documentary series presented Petersen as one of the "Fantastic Four" of Danish comedy, along with Passer, Jørgen Ryg and Preben Kaas.

</doc>
<doc id="19608052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608052" title="David Henderson MacDonald">
David Henderson MacDonald

David Henderson MacDonald (c. 1857 - 22 June 1919) was briefly the Conservative MP for Bothwell in Lanarkshire, Scotland.
He was elected MP for Bothwell at the 1918 General Election, defeating the Labour candidate 
John Robertson by 322 votes. 
MacDonald did not serve long as an MP, and died in June 1919, aged 61. Robertson won the ensuing by-election.

</doc>
<doc id="19608063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608063" title="No. 670 Squadron RAF">
No. 670 Squadron RAF

No. 670 Squadron RAF was a glider squadron of the Royal Air Force active during the Second World War.
History.
No. 670 Squadron was formed at Fatehjang, Punjab, (then) British India on 14 December 1944 as a glider squadron, with the intention of being used for airborne operations by South East Asia Command. It continued to train, as part of No. 343 Wing RAF, until the surrender of Japan, when it became surplus to requirements. The squadron was disbanded on 1 July 1946 at Chaklala, Punjab, British India.
Present.
The squadron today is represented by 670 Squadron of 2 (Training) Regiment, Army Air Corps.

</doc>
<doc id="19608068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608068" title="Hideo Kodama">
Hideo Kodama

Count , was a politician, and wartime cabinet minister in the Empire of Japan. He was the eldest son of famed Russo-Japanese War general Kodama Gentarō, and his wife was the daughter of Prime Minister Terauchi Masatake.
Biography.
Kodama was born in Yamaguchi prefecture. After graduating from the Law School of Tokyo Imperial University in 1900, he obtained a position at the Ministry of Finance, passing his career civil service examinations the same year. He served in a number of bureaucratic posts. During the Russo-Japanese War, he was assigned to the Imperial General Headquarters and sent to the Liaodong Peninsula (under Japanese occupation), where he served as liaison between the civilian government in Tokyo and the Japanese general armies in Manchuria. Following the war, he returned to the Finance Ministry as head of the government's Tobacco Monopoly. He was later assigned to serve in the Japanese Government-General of Korea, as a secretary to the Privy Council, and as a member of the House of Peers. Upon his father's death on 23 July 1906, he inherited the title of viscount and took a seat in the House of Peers. After petitioning the Meiji Emperor, the emperor elevated him to count on 2 October 1907 in recognition of his father's service. From 1916-1918, he served as Chief Cabinet Secretary. From 26 Sep 1923 - 17 Dec 1927 Kodama was governor of the Kwantung Leased Territory. In the late 1920s, Kodama was the civilian administrator of Korea.
In October 1934, Kodama was picked to be Minister of Colonization under the Okada administration. In February 1937, he became Minister of Communications under the Hayashi administration. From January to July 1940, Kodama served as Home Minister under the Yonai administration. He visited Java in Japanese-occupied Netherlands East Indies as a special advisor in 1942 at the request of the Imperial Japanese Army. In 1944, Kodama served as a Minister without portfolio under the Koiso administration, and from February to April 1945, served as Education Minister in the same administration. 
After the surrender of Japan, Kodama was purged from public service by the Supreme Commander of the Allied Powers. He died in 1947, and his grave is at the Tama Cemetery, in Fuchū, Tokyo.

</doc>
<doc id="19608069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608069" title="Maja e Ropës">
Maja e Ropës

Rops is a mountain in Kosovo with a height of . It is a part of Bogićevica area in the Prokletije. It is the second highest mountain in the Bogićevica area after Marijaš at .
Notes and references.
Notes:
References:

</doc>
<doc id="19608080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608080" title="No. 672 Squadron RAF">
No. 672 Squadron RAF

No. 672 Squadron RAF was a glider squadron of the Royal Air Force active during the Second World War.
History.
No. 672 Squadron was formed at Bikram, Patna in India on 16 November 1944 as a glider squadron, with the intention of being used for airborne operations by South East Asia Command. It continued to train, as part of No. 344 Wing RAF, until the surrender of Japan, when it became surplus to requirements. The squadron was disbanded as last unit of 344 Wing at Chaklala on 1 July 1946.
Present.
The squadron today is represented by 672 Squadron of 9 Regiment, Army Air Corps.

</doc>
<doc id="19608097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608097" title="No. 673 Squadron RAF">
No. 673 Squadron RAF

No. 673 Squadron RAF was a glider squadron of the Royal Air Force, active during the Second World War.
History.
No. 673 Squadron was formed at Bikram, Patna in (then) British India on 1 January 1945 as a glider squadron, with the intention of being used for airborne operations by South East Asia Command. It continued to train, as part of No. 344 Wing RAF, until the surrender of Japan, when it became surplus to requirements; the squadron was disbanded on 25 October 1945 at Kargi Road.
Present.
The original squadron is represented today by 673 (AH) Training Squadron of 7 (Training) Regiment, Army Air Corps.

</doc>
<doc id="19608108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608108" title="Erik Mørk">
Erik Mørk

Erik Mørk (3 December 1925 – 27 January 1993) was a Danish film actor. He appeared in 29 films between 1950 and 1993. He won the Bodil Award for Best Actor in 1950 for his performance in "Susanne".
He was born in Denmark and died in Copenhagen, Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19608117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608117" title="No. 669 Squadron RAF">
No. 669 Squadron RAF

No. 669 Squadron RAF was a glider squadron of the Royal Air Force active during the Second World War.
History.
No. 669 Squadron RAF was formed on 16 November 1944 at Bikram, Patna, India as a glider squadron, with the intention of being used for airborne operations by South East Asia Command. However, after a short period it was redesignated No. 671 Squadron RAF, due to an earlier mix-up of squadron designations and bases.
The squadron was reformed anew the next day, with the same role and at the right base, and continued to train, as part of No. 343 Wing RAF, until the surrender of Japan, when it became surplus to requirements. The squadron was disbanded on 10 November 1945 at Fatehjang, British India.
Present.
The squadron today is represented by 669 Squadron of 9 Regiment, Army Air Corps.

</doc>
<doc id="19608134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608134" title="One stop shop">
One stop shop

A one stop shop, one stop store or one stop source is a business or office where multiple services are offered; i.e., customers can get all they need in just "one stop." The term originated in the United States in the late 1920s or early 1930s to describe a business model offering customers the convenience of having multiple needs met in one location, instead of having to "drive all over town" to attain related services at different stores. The phrase is now used as slang to describe everything from Web sites to TV shows where people can find most of what they need, including information, in one place.
UK local government.
Local authorities in the United Kingdom use the term to describe the facility they offer for their residents to discuss and arrange services with officers of the authority. They are promoted on the idea that they provide a single point of contact but they are also designed from a security point of view to restrict public access to the town (city, etc.) hall.
A one stop shop for workforce development may offer job training, housing assistance, and other services, for example. The offices are similar to Jobcentres in the UK, providing an easy way to get government and council advice. In Australia, the Centrelink agency is a very similar model.

</doc>
<doc id="19608135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608135" title="Pleasant (disambiguation)">
Pleasant (disambiguation)

To be pleasant is to experience happiness, entertainment, enjoyment, ecstasy, or euphoria.
Pleasant may also refer to:
People with the given name Pleasant:
People with the surname Pleasant:

</doc>
<doc id="19608136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608136" title="Clowns (song)">
Clowns (song)

"Clowns" is a folktronica song performed by British duo Goldfrapp. The song was written and produced by Alison Goldfrapp and Will Gregory for the duo's fourth album "Seventh Tree" (2008). It was released as the album's fourth single in October 2008.
On 20 October 2008, "Clowns" was available to digital download for free from Goldfrapp's official website and MySpace page. A live version of the song, performed at the 2008 BBC Electric Proms, was also released as a free download. As part of the newspaper's week of free Goldfrapp giveaways, "The Guardian" released a live version of "Clowns" recorded at Union Chapel in London, England. The song was played over the film's end of Veronika Decides to Die (film). It has been covered by Melora Creager of Rasputina.
In a video interview with Blender, Alison Goldfrapp claimed the song was about the overabundance of women on reality television with breast implants.
Tracklist.
Digital single

</doc>
<doc id="19608140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608140" title="600s BC (disambiguation)">
600s BC (disambiguation)

600s BC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19608151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608151" title="One Productions Ltd">
One Productions Ltd

ONE Productions Limited (also known as Rainbow Productions Limited) was founded in the late 1980s to operate Super One Radio, now known as ONE Radio and eventually Super One Television, now known as ONE. In September 1990 the company's name was changed to ONE Productions Limited. ONE Radio is the only radio station in Malta that transmits live on a twenty four hour basis. It was also the first privately owned radio station to be granted a license to broadcast by the Broadcasting Authority. 
ONE Productions Limited's came into being with a mission statement to carry forward the marathon task entrusted by the Labour Party to Rainbow Productions. 
The Company's mission statement was the production of audio-visual programming of universal appeal to Maltese audiences. Its radio and television schedules were to include a mix and match of informative, educational and entertaining productions of the best possible production and content quality. 
The company's administration and programmes/broadcasting is located in Marsa.
The Board of Directors, the Managing Director and Management Team run the company's administration. 
The company employs 60 full-time staff, over a hundred part-time staff and numerous contributors. 
The results were the high ratings registered in recent survey results. ONE Radio retained its position as the most popular local station, and by March 2000, ONE won the first place in the ratings list as the most popular television station in Malta. The audience has voted ONE Radio as the most popular radio station since it started broadcasting.
redtouch fone Ltd..
The first upscale MVNO in the Maltese Islands.
Redtouch Fone

</doc>
<doc id="19608152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608152" title="Pneumatic trough">
Pneumatic trough

A pneumatic trough is a piece of laboratory apparatus used for collecting gases, such as hydrogen, oxygen, and nitrogen. Pneumatic troughs require a liquid such as water. Scientists also have used mercury in pneumatic troughs, but usually only for the collection of water-soluble gases. Health-and-safety issues surrounding mercury generally prohibit its use in modern-day pneumatic troughs.
Four items are required for gas collection with a pneumatic trough:
The bottle is filled with water, inverted, and placed into the pneumatic trough already containing water. The outlet tube from the gas-generating apparatus is inserted into the opening of the bottle so that gas can bubble up through it, displacing the water within. 

</doc>
<doc id="19608154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608154" title="Ricky Polston">
Ricky Polston

Ricky L. Polston (born 1956 in Dothan, Alabama) is the Chief Justice of the Florida Supreme Court and has been a Justice on the court since taking his seat in 2008. He is a graduate of Florida State University College of Law.
Background.
Polston was raised in Graceville, Florida, and graduated from Graceville High School in 1973 as valedictorian. He received an A.A. from Chipola College in 1975, and a B.S., summa cum laude, from Florida State University in 1977. In 1986, he received his J.D. with High Honors from the Florida State University College of Law. Polston is married to children's book author Deborah Ehler Polston. They have ten children, including six whom they have adopted.
Polston has been a certified public accountant since 1978 and worked as a public accountant from 1977-1984. After becoming an attorney, Polston was in private practice from 1987-2000. Governor Jeb Bush appointed him a judge of the First District Court of Appeal of Florida on January 2, 2001, where he served until his appointment to the Florida Supreme Court. During his service on the Court of Appeals, Polston heard over 6,000 appellate cases. Since 2003, Polston has also worked as an adjunct professor at Florida State University College of Law, teaching the Florida Constitutional Law class there for several years.
Supreme Court appointment.
Governor Charlie Crist appointed Polston to the Florida Supreme Court on October 1, 2008 to replace Justice Kenneth B. Bell, who resigned that day to return to private practice. Polston was sworn in the next day. He was the second of Crist's four appointments to the Florida Supreme Court.
Justice Polston was elected unanimously to serve as Florida's 55th Chief Justice of the Florida Supreme Court, starting July 1, 2012. Polston, who will serve a two-year term, is the first Florida State Law alum to be selected as Chief Justice of the Florida Supreme Court.

</doc>
<doc id="19608155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608155" title="700s BC (disambiguation)">
700s BC (disambiguation)

700s BC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19608160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608160" title="No. 671 Squadron RAF">
No. 671 Squadron RAF

No. 671 Squadron RAF was a glider squadron of the Royal Air Force active during the Second World War.
History.
671 Squadron was formed at Bikram, Patna in India as a glider squadron on 1 January 1945 by renumbering No. 669 Squadron RAF, with the intention of being used for airborne operations by South East Asia Command. It continued to train, as part of No. 344 Wing RAF, until the surrender of Japan, when it became surplus to requirements. The squadron was disbanded at Kargi Road on 25 October 1945.
Present.
The original squadron is represented today by 671 Squadron of 7 Regiment, Army Air Corps.

</doc>
<doc id="19608172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608172" title="800s BC (disambiguation)">
800s BC (disambiguation)

800s BC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19608179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608179" title="Prithvi (disambiguation)">
Prithvi (disambiguation)

Prithvi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19608188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608188" title="900s BC (disambiguation)">
900s BC (disambiguation)

900s BC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19608208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608208" title="1000s BC">
1000s BC

1000s BC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19608224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608224" title="1100s BC">
1100s BC

1100s BC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19608230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608230" title="Minna Jørgensen">
Minna Jørgensen

Minna Jørgensen (22 December 1904 – 25 February 1975) was a Danish film actress. She appeared in 28 films between 1939 and 1964.
She was born in Copenhagen, Denmark and died in Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19608244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608244" title="Sliedrecht railway station">
Sliedrecht railway station

Sliedrecht is a railway station in Sliedrecht, Netherlands. The station is located on the MerwedeLingelijn line between Dordrecht and Geldermalsen, part of the Betuwelijn. It was opened on 16 July 1885, when the station had a single track. Next to the passenger lines is the Betuweroute freight railway line. Arriva has operated the service since December 2006. A new station building was built in 1985, which has already been demolished. In the older stationbuilding (photo) is a restaurant: "De Heren van Slydrecht" (The Lords of Sliedrecht).
Train service.
The following service calls at Sliedrecht:
Bicycles can go on board the trains for free.

</doc>
<doc id="19608265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608265" title="Durdent (river)">
Durdent (river)

The river Durdent is one of the many small coastal rivers that flow from the plateau of the Pays de Caux into the English Channel.
Course.
The river rises just northwest of Yvetot, near Héricourt-en-Caux, at the meeting of the two streams, the Saint-Denis and the Saint-Riquier, then takes a north–northwest route, typical of the rivers of the Seine-Maritime department. It passes through the villages of Robertot, Sommesnil, Oherville, Le Hanouard, Clasville, Grainville-la-Teinturière, Cany-Barville, Vittefleur and Paluel and empties into the English Channel at Veulettes-sur-Mer. In earlier times, it powered many watermills along its course.
Flora and fauna.
The Durdent valley is home to many bats such as the rare vespers bat, the large and lesser horseshoe bat and the mouse-eared bats. More common species, such as the long-eared bat and Daubenton's Bat are present in large numbers. Kniphofia (red-hot pokers) grow in a few places along the river’s course.
See also.
Schéma directeur d'aménagement et de gestion des eaux

</doc>
<doc id="19608273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608273" title="Karpovka River">
Karpovka River

The Karpovka () is a small river of the Neva basin in Saint Petersburg, Russia. It separates Aptekarsky Island (right bank) from Petrogradsky Island (left bank). The Karpovka flows from the Bolshaya Nevka to the Malaya Nevka and is 3 km long. The Russian name is derived from the old Finnish name of the river, "Korpijoki". The Saint Petersburg Botanical Garden and Ioannovsky Convent are situated on the right bank of the river.

</doc>
<doc id="19608274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608274" title="Southern League Cup (Scotland) 1940–41">
Southern League Cup (Scotland) 1940–41

The Sounthern League Cup 1940–41 was the first edition of the regional war-time football tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="19608306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608306" title="TSV Eintracht Stadtallendorf">
TSV Eintracht Stadtallendorf

TSV Eintracht Stadtallendorf is a German association football club from the city of Stadtallendorf, Hesse. The footballers are part of a sports club that also includes departments for athletics, badminton, gymnastics, handball, Judo, swimming, and volleyball.
History.
The origins of the club are in the establishment in 1920 of the football club "Fußballverein Eintracht Allendorf". In 1956, this club merged with "Turn- und Sportverein Blau-Weiß Allendorf" to form the present day association.
Between 1965 and 1966, "TSV" played in the Landesliga Hessen/Nord (IV), before becoming part of the Landesliga Hessen/Mitte (IV) in 1967, where they played until being sent down following a 16th place finish in 1970. The team slipped into lower level competition before appearing in the Bezirksoberliga Gießen-Marburg Nord (VI) between 1991 and 1998. They won their way back to the Landesliga Hessen/Mitte (V) in 1998 on the strength of a first place result in the Bezirksoberliga, and ten years later captured a Landesliga title to advance to the Oberliga Hessen (V).
Honours.
The club's honours:
Recent managers.
Recent managers of the club:
Recent seasons.
The recent season-by-season performance of the club:

</doc>
<doc id="19608334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608334" title="Jack Stewart-Clark">
Jack Stewart-Clark

Sir Jack Stewart-Clark, 3rd Baronet was a British Member of the European Parliament (MEP). He represented the Conservative and Unionist Party in the Group of the European People's Party (Christian-Democratic Group).
Stewart-Clark was born on 17 September 1929 in Dalmeny, Scotland. He is the owner of Dundas Castle.
Family: 
Married to Lydia (née Loudon) since 1958
Five children: Daphne (Stephenson), Alexander, Nadia (Waterfield), Zarina (Noel) and Nathalie
Six grandchildren: Chiara Stephenson, Natasha, Elena and Emily Waterfield, William and Cecilia Noel
Education:
• Wellesley House, Loch Rannoch, Perthshire
• Eton College, Windsor
• Balliol College, Oxford
• Harvard Business School, USA
Military Service:
• Commissioned into HM Coldstream Guards 1948 – 1948. Served in North Africa
• Member of Council of the Royal United Services Institute (1970 -1983)
• Member Royal Company of Archers, Queens Bodyguard for Scotland (1958 to present)
Business Career:
J. & P. Coats Ltd (1953- 1969)
• Worked in Uruguay, Canada, Spain, Holland, Portugal, Pakistan and again in Holland. 
• M.D. : J.& P. Coats, Pakistan, Ltd (1961 to 1966); 
• M.D. : J.A. Carp’s Garenfabrieken (1966 to 1969)
 Philips Electronics (1969-1979)
• Chairman and Managing Director Philips Electrical Ltd (Consumer goods arm of Philips Industries U.K.) (1970-1975); 
• Managing Director of Pye of Cambridge Ltd (Professional arm of Philips Industries UK, with 25 companies and employing 23,000 people) (1975 – 1979)
 Non Executive Director:
• Cope Allman PLC (1979-1982)
• A.T. Kearney Ltd (1979-1992)
• Oppenheimer International (1980-1985)
• Low and Bonar PLC (1982-1995)
• TSB Scotland Ltd (1986-1989)
• Pioneer Concrete Holdings PLC (1986-1999)
• Chairman of Reditronics Ltd (1983-1989)
Chairman and Managing Director of Dundas Castle Ltd. (1996–present)
Political Career:
Stood in the General Election of 1958 as Unionist Candidate for North Aberdeen 
Member of the European Parliament 
• for East Sussex from 1979-1994 
• for East Sussex and Kent East from 1994-1999
• Vice-President of the European Parliament 1992-1997
• Treasurer and Member of the Policy Bureau of the British Conservatives in the European Parliament 1980-1983
• Chairman of the E.P. delegation to Canada 1979-1984
• Vice-Chairman of the E.P. delegation to Japan 1984-1989
• Spokesman for the British Conservatives on the Committee of External Trade 1979-1984
• Spokesman for Institutional Affairs 1984 – 1987
• Spokesman for Youth, Education, Culture, Media and Sport 1989-1992
• Chairman of CRONWE (Conference of Regions of North West Europe) 1988-1992
• Chairman of the European Action Council for Peace in the Balkans (1994-1996)
• Co-Chairman of EPIC (European Parliamentarians and Industrialists Council) 1984-1999)
• Chairman of the European Institute for Security (1984-1987)
• Author and Rapporteur of a special committee of enquiry into drugs in 1996
• Represented the European Parliament on the Policy Bureau and Board of EMCDDA (European Council for Drugs and Drugs Abuse) in Lisbon (1999 – 2005)
• Creator and joint organizer with UNDCP of the Inter-parliamentary Conference on Drugs from 1998 to 2004 (meetings in Scotland, Vienna, Washington, Bolivia, Japan and Sweden)
• Honorary Vice-President of the Scottish Conservative and Unionist Party from 1999 to 2001
Interests:
• Member of the Board of Trustees of the Mentor (UK) Foundation - preventing alcohol and drugs abuse amongst young people. Responsible for setting up the Scottish office of the Foundation. 1999 – present.
• Photography: Associate of the Royal Photographic Society
• Music: Creator of ‘Concerts in the Kirk’ at Dalmeny church
• Travel: Europe, India, Bhutan, Brazil, China, Peru, Argentina, Russia
• Golf
• Shooting and Golden Retrievers
• Religion: Creator/facilitator of ‘Life of Jesus Christ’ play at Dundas Castle, in Glasgow, in Uganda and at Louisiana State penitentiary.
• Paintings and clocks
Publications:
‘European Competition Law’ (Co-author with David Jacobs)
‘It’s My Problem as Well’ Drugs Education (co-author with Tim Rathbone MP)
Additional Information:
His eldest daughter, Daphne, was a bridesmaid at the 1966 wedding of Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands.
References.
2. Sir Jack Stewart-Clark

</doc>
<doc id="19608339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608339" title="Southern Football League Cup">
Southern Football League Cup

Southern Football League Cup may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19608342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608342" title="Second-round effect">
Second-round effect

A second-round effect means when trade unions decide to raise wages after commodity prices (e.g. energy, food) have increased sharply. This leads to a high inflation, so the central bank has to raise interest rates.
Robert J. Gordon describes the second-round effect as the built-in inflation in his triangle model. As a result of past inflation, the second-round effect creates inflation ripples in the economy. 

</doc>
<doc id="19608358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608358" title="Henrik Wiehe">
Henrik Wiehe

Henrik Wiehe (9 February 1927 – 1 July 1987) was a Danish film actor. He appeared in 30 films between 1950 and 1974.
He was born in Frederiksberg, Denmark and died in Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19608378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608378" title="Mago I of Carthage">
Mago I of Carthage

Mago I of Carthage (occasionally referred to as Magon) was the king of the Ancient Carthage from 550 BCE to 530 BCE and the founding monarch of the Magonid dynasty of Carthage. Mago I was originally a general. Under Mago, Carthage became preeminent among the Phoenician colonies in the western Mediterranean.
Rule.
Under Mago, Carthage established itself as the dominant Phoenician military power in the western Mediterranean. It remained economically dependent on Tyre, the capital of Phoenicia, but acted increasingly independent. One of Mago's political achievements was an alliance with the Etruscans against the Ancient Greece. This alliance lasted until around the time when Rome expelled the Etruscan kings. He was also active in Sicily, and married a Syracusan wife.
In 546 BC, Phocaeans fleeing from Persian invasion established Alalia in Corsica (Greeks had settled there since 562 BC), and began preying on Etruscan and Punic commerce. Between 540 and 535 BC, a Carthaginian-Etruscan alliance had expelled the Greeks from Corsica after the Battle of Alalia. The Etruscans took control of Corsica, Carthage concentrated on Sardinia, ensuring that no Greek presence would be established in the island. The defeat also ended the westward expansion of Greeks for all time.
A war with Phoenician Massalia followed. Carthage lost battles but managed to safeguard Phoenician Spain and close the Strait of Gibraltar to Greek shipping, while Massalians retained their Spanish colonies in Eastern Iberia above Cape Nao. Southern Spain was closed to Greeks. Carthaginians in support of the Phoenician colony Gades in Spain, also brought about the collapse of Tartessos in Spain by 530 BC, either by armed conflict or by cutting off Greek trade. Carthage also besieged and took over Gades at this time. The Persians had taken over Cyrene by this time, and Carthage may have been spared a trial of arms against the Persian Empire when the Phoenicians refused to lend ships to Cambyses in 525 BC for an African expedition. Carthage may have paid tribute irregularly to the Great King. It is not known if Carthage had any role in the Battle of Cumae in 524 BC, after which the Etruscan power began to wane in Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="19608395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608395" title="John Wittig">
John Wittig

John Wittig (22 October 1923 – 23 October 1987) was a Danish film actor. He appeared in 30 films between 1950 and 1987.
He was born and died in Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19608400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608400" title="Kopranik">
Kopranik

Kopranik (;) is a mountain with a height of 2,460m in Kosovo. Kopranik is part of the Prokletije range. At the northern slopes of the mountain is the Rugovska gorge which is a popular tourist destination in the Prokletije and all of Kosovo.
Notes and references.
Notes:
References:

</doc>
<doc id="19608404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608404" title="Zarkava">
Zarkava

Zarkava (foaled 31 March 2005 in Ireland) is an undefeated French Thoroughbred racehorse whose wins included the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe. 
Background.
Bred and raced by HH Aga Khan IV, Zarkava was sired by Group II winner Zamindar who also sired the multiple Group One winner, Darjina. Out of the mare, Zarkasha, her damsire is Kahyasi, winner of the 1988 Epsom and Irish Derbys.
Racing record.
Zarkava made two starts at age two at Longchamp Racecourse, her home base in Paris for trainer Alain de Royer-Dupre. She won both the 2007 Prix de la Cascade for maiden fillies, and the Group One Prix Marcel Boussac. As a three-year-old, she made her 2008 debut in April at Longchamp with a win in the Group Three Prix de la Grotte followed by the Poule d'Essai des Pouliches in which she set a new race record time. She then won the Prix de Diane at Chantilly Racecourse in June and back at Longchamp, September's 2,400 metres (1½ mile) Prix Vermeille. After stumbling out of the starting gate and losing at least a dozen lengths to the leaders, she came back from last to equal the race record time in winning the Prix Vermeille by two lengths. 
Ridden by Christophe Soumillon in all her starts to date, Zarkava was the betting favorite leading up to the October 5th Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe. In what was her first race against colts, Zarkava won the 2008 Arc with a powerful stretch drive to become the first filly in fifteen years to win the race. Zarkava was retired on 13 October 2008, with an undefeated record.
Many began to question her ability to win the Arc after her tardy start in the Prix Vermeille. However, on 17 November 2008, when she was named Cartier Horse of the Year, the Aga Khan noted in a video interview posted on the website of "the Daily Telegraph" that they had been working to get this quirky filly to leave from a state of relaxation in the gate and run in a more relaxed mode at the start of her races instead of getting "all tied up". He also said Zarkava had matured at three and did not get into her pace as quickly as she did at two. The Aga Khan went on to say she was an exceptional racehorse in a year of exceptional horses; and that her quality was identified very early, resulting in being placed in Group 1 races after her maiden win. The interview also stated that his daughter, Princess Zahra, was deeply involved in the breeding of Zarkava, as well as the Aga Khan's other horses. His Highness has been quoted in story after story as saying Zarkava represents "the apogee" of his family's 90+ years of breeding winning Thoroughbred racehorses.
Honours.
As of November 2008, Zarkava was the world's #2 ranked horse by the International Federation of Horse Racing Authorities (www.IFHAonline.org) and #1 in the world by RaceHorseOwner.com The UK's Daily Mail reported that in addition to being the first filly to win the Arc in 15 years, she was the first three-year-old filly to win since 1982 and the first of either sex to win the great race from her post position since 1964.
Timeform announced that they rated Zarkava at 133 after the Arc, making her the joint-best filly or mare in the last 20 years and joint-seventh in the last 40 years. This was significantly higher than the official rating, but Phil Smith, the senior British Horseracing Authority Handicapper, explained that it was like comparing apples and oranges. 
"We look at the facts and make our assessment in an historical context," he said. "We're not trying to speculate. We think Zarkava is exceptionally good, and we think our figure reflects that. We're also constantly updating our list of the 50 top horses, and she is joint-second (with Duke Of Marmalade) on 127, only 3lb behind the top-rated, Curlin. Many forget she was receiving a 3lb sex allowance, which if applied to our list, would bring her out as the same horse as Curlin the #1 rated horse in the world. 
Zarkava won the horseraceinsider.com prize, Most Under-Appreciated Significant Victory of 2008 Insider Award, for her defeat of older males in the Prix de l’Arc de Triomphe.
Stud record.
The first foal for Zarkava was a filly by Dalakhani foaled on 6 February 2010 at Gilltown Stud in Kilcullen, Ireland.
On 11 February 2011 she produced a bay colt by 2009 Epsom Derby, 2000 Guineas and Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe winner, European Champion 3-year-old and No.1 World Ranked Racehorse Sea the Stars at the Aga Khan's Haras de Bonneval stud in Normandy, France. The colt was described as "a strong colt who looks like his sire and is very correct."

</doc>
<doc id="19608436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608436" title="Henri Robert">
Henri Robert

Henri Robert is the second Chanel in-house perfumer after the departure of Ernest Beaux, famed creator of Chanel No. 5. Robert was born in 1899 in Grasse and began his career as a perfumer with Chiris. Following that he joined Parfums d'Orsay and subsequently Coty where he was responsible for the creation of Coty's Muguet de Bois. With the outbreak of World War II, Robert moved to New York City and continued working for Coty there as a perfumer from 1940 to 1943. Henri Robert passed up an opportunity to work for Elizabeth Arden (Arden could not or would not meet his salary demands) but upon the retirement of Ernest Beaux, perfumer for Chanel and Bourjois (the perfume companies were jointly owned), he became chief perfumer for the Chanel-Bourjois enterprise where he created a sting of new classics for Chanel including Pour Monsieur (1955), No. 19 (1970) and Cristalle EDT (1974).
Henri Robert is the uncle of famed perfumer Guy Robert.

</doc>
<doc id="19608444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608444" title="Altura (Castro Marim)">
Altura (Castro Marim)

Altura is a town and a civil parish in the municipality of Castro Marim, Algarve, Portugal. It is a popular summer destination due to its beaches by the Atlantic Ocean. The civil parish of Altura was officially created on June 11, 1991, through detachment from the Castro Marim civil parish.
It includes an older and now defunct community of Alagoa.

</doc>
<doc id="19608448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608448" title="Emil Otto Grundmann">
Emil Otto Grundmann

Professor Emil Otto Grundmann (1844 Meissen - 27 August 1890 Dresden), was a German painter who studied in Antwerp under Baron Hendrik Leys, and in Düsseldorf before moving to America where he became a noted painter. He was the first Director of the School of the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, an appointment in which Francis Davis Millet, an old Antwerp friend, was instrumental. One of his colleagues at the Museum was Joseph DeCamp. 
Many notable American artists attended his classes and were influenced by his European ideas. Some students who later became prominent were Edmund Charles Tarbell, Edward Clark Potter, Robert Reid, Ernest Fenollosa, Frank Weston Benson and Charles Henry Turner.

</doc>
<doc id="19608457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608457" title="Princess Maria Immacolata of Bourbon-Two Sicilies">
Princess Maria Immacolata of Bourbon-Two Sicilies

Princess Maria Immacolata of Bourbon-Two Sicilies (full Italian name: "Maria Immacolata Luisa di Borbone, Principessa di Borbone delle Due Sicilie") (21 January 1855, Naples, Two Sicilies – 23 August, 1874, Pau, Armagnac, France) was the youngest daughter of King Ferdinand II of the Two Sicilies and his wife Archduchess Maria Theresa of Austria. She was known for her piety and for her charity to the poor.
Early life.
Maria Immacolata was born at the Palace of Caserta. She was baptised with the names "Maria Immacolata Luisa"; her godmother was Princess Maria Luisa Carlota of Parma. Her father died when she was only four years old and she was raised primarily by her mother.
In 1860, when Maria Immacolata was five, her half-brother King Francis II of the Two Sicilies was defeated by the Expedition of the Thousand. She and her family fled to Rome where they resided briefly at the Quirinal Palace at the invitation of the Pope Pius IX. Her mother rented the Palazzo Nipoti in Rome, and it was there that she lived for the next seven years.
Even as a child Maria Immacolata was known for her piety. She was particularly devoted to her namesake patrons, the Immaculate Heart of Mary and Saint Aloysius Gonzaga. On 24 December 1865, she made her first communion in the chapel in the Roman College where Saint Aloysius made his vows.
In the summer of 1867 Maria Immacolata and her family were vacationing at Albano Laziale when cholera broke out. Her mother died on 8 August, followed by her youngest brother Gennaro on 13 August.
Following their mother's death, Maria Immacolata and her siblings moved into the Palazzo Farnese, the residence of her half-brother King Francis II. She was taught Italian, French, and German. She became a competent artist in both oil and watercolour.
In October 1867 Rome was attacked by the forces of Giuseppe Garibaldi. Maria Immacolata and her sister Maria Pia were given refuge in the Apostolic Palace in Vatican City until the papal victory at the Battle of Mentana.
In 1870 Rome was again attacked by the armies of the King of Italy. Maria Immacolata and her sister Maria Pia fled to Bolzano and then to Cannes in France.
Marriage.
On 25 November 1873 in Cannes, Maria Immacolata married Prince Henry of Bourbon-Parma, Count of Bardi, son of Charles III, Duke of Parma and his wife Princess Louise Marie Thérèse of France. Henry's older brother Robert had married Maria Immacolata's older sister Maria Pia in 1869.
After the wedding Henry and Maria Immacolata went to Egypt for their honeymoon. There she became sick with a fever. The couple decided to return home, and on 30 March 1874 they disembarked at Marseilles.
Death.
It was decided to take Maria Immacolata to the town of Cauterets where there were sulphur baths. On the way they stopped at the Sanctuary of Our Lady of Lourdes where she was immersed in the water twice. Her physicians said that her case was hopeless, and at the end of July it was decided to move her to Pau. She died there on 23 August, the Feast of the Immaculate Heart of Mary. 
Maria Immacolata's remains were buried in the chapel at Villa Borbone, near Viareggio.
Ancestry.
Ancestors of Princess Maria Immacolata of Bourbon-Two Sicilies

</doc>
<doc id="19608465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608465" title="Who's Ya Daddy?">
Who's Ya Daddy?

Who's Ya Daddy? may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19608466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608466" title="Heinrich Gelzer">
Heinrich Gelzer

Heinrich Gelzer (1 July 1847, Berlin – 11 July 1906, Jena) was a German classical scholar. He wrote also on Armenian mythology. He was the son of the Swiss historian Johann Heinrich Gelzer (1813–1889). He became Professor of Classical Philology and Ancient History at the University of Jena, in 1878. He wrote a still-standard work on Sextus Julius Africanus. He worked out the chronology of Gyges of Lydia, from cuneiform evidence, in an 1875 article.

</doc>
<doc id="19608468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608468" title="Madron Seligman">
Madron Seligman

Madron Seligman (10 November 1918 – 9 July 2002) was born in Leatherhead, Surrey. He spent most of his career in industry, where he came to understand and support the European Economic Community and was latterly a Member of the European Parliament (Conservative), winning the West Sussex seat in 1979 by a record margin of 95,484 votes, which earned him a place in the Guinness Book of Records. He held the seat until he retired in 1994.
Background, early life and education.
Seligman's family were German Jewish bankers who dispersed to Britain and the United States in the 19th century. 
He was educated at Rokeby Preparatory School and at Harrow, where he played cricket for the school. He read PPE at Balliol College, Oxford and became president of the Union. He was an excellent sportsman, especially at cricket, rugby and tennis, and represented the university at skiing. He would later represent Britain in the sport at the 1952 Winter Olympics in Oslo.
Wartime service.
During World War II, Seligman served with the 6th Armoured Divisional Signals, rising to the rank of major. He fought in the North Africa and Italy campaigns, including at the Battle of Monte Cassino.
Career.
After the war, Seligman joined the industrial machinery business founded by his father (Richard Seligman). The A.P.V. Company, based in Crawley, produced a wide range of industrial equipment, mainly for food and drink processing. Seligman rose to be managing director.
Friendship with Edward Heath.
Seligman was well known as the oldest friend of the former prime minister Sir Edward Heath whom he met at Balliol College, Oxford, in 1937, having previously been educated at Harrow School. Heath was godfather to his eldest son, Lincoln, and frequently holidayed with Seligman's family.
In 1939, in the days before the outbreak of war, he was on a hiking holiday with Heath in Germany and Poland, an especially risky endeavour for Seligman, who was half Jewish. In Warsaw, they were warned by the British embassy to get out of Poland as fast as possible. They avoid being picked up by taking crowded trains and hitchhiking. While they were in Leipzig on 26 August, the news of the Molotov–Ribbentrop Pact was announced and they only just got to France before hostilities broke out.
Personal life.
He married Nancy-Joan Marks, in 1947, and they had three sons and a daughter.
Seligman was appointed CBE in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="19608472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608472" title="Altura">
Altura

Altura may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19608475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608475" title="List of Turkish composers">
List of Turkish composers

This is a chronological list of composers of the Republic of Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="19608480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608480" title="Asterocampa celtis">
Asterocampa celtis

The Hackberry Emperor ("Asterocampa celtis") is a North American butterfly that belongs to the family of brushfooted butterflies, Nymphalidae.
Description.
The upper side of the wings is mostly gray-brown or orange-brown. The fore wing subterminal area has one or two eyespots, sometimes with blue centers. The underside of the wings is either tan or light gray-brown. The hind wings have a row of black, yellow-ringed, eyespots centered in blue.
Habitat.
The Hackberry Emperor may be seen near woodland edges, near creeks, around buildings, and around damp, muddy spots.
Food Plants.
The adults do not visit flowers, but feed on rotting fruit, tree sap, dung, and animal carcasses.
Host Plants.
Hackberry trees are the only host plants of the Hackberry Emperor.
Life cycle.
Males perch to await females. The pale green eggs are laid in clusters on the host plant. Young larvae feed communally. The thorny headed larva is bright grass green, with yellow and chartreuse stripes. It has two green tails projecting from the rear. The sharply horned chrysalis is a bluish green color. The Hackberry Emperor overwinters as a half grown larva.

</doc>
<doc id="19608482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608482" title="Whispers in the Graveyard">
Whispers in the Graveyard

Whispers in the Graveyard is a children's novel by Theresa Breslin, published by Methuen in 1994. Breslin won the annual Carnegie Medal from the Library Association, recognising the year's best children's book by a British subject. In a retrospective award citation the librarians call it "a gripping, powerful and haunting story".
Richard Conlon and Theresa Breslin adapted the novel as a play, which was published by Heinemann in 2009.
WorldCat participating libraries report holding Spanish, Catalan, Italian, Thai, and Korean-language editions.
Origins.
According to the author, her work as a librarian exposed her to "parents asking for books about dyslexia, for names of help groups, names of special tutors etc." She attended a local meeting of the British Dyslexia Association and recognised the pain and frustration of children, their families, and educators. She determined to write a book featuring a boy, in the first person and present tense.
She started writing without a story but "a ring road was being built in my home town, and to do this it was necessary to move the interred bodies out of an old graveyard which lay in the path of the new road. One of the graves included a mass grave of smallpox victims (children) When the news became public there was a big scare."
Plot introduction.
"Whispers in the Graveyard" is about a 12-year-old boy called Solomon, who has a learning disability called dyslexia. Solomon has a very hard time with life as his mother left when he was young, his father is an alcoholic and everyone picks on him including a bullying teacher called Mr Watkins.
Solomon hears that bodies buried in a graveyard died of smallpox and if disturbed could spread the infection again, but the real danger is of a supernatural nature.
Plot summary.
Solomon is a Scottish boy in the last year of primary school who is considered to be stupid and lazy, though he is actually dyslexic. He is bullied by his form teacher at school, and at home his father, who it is revealed is also dyslexic, drinks all the time and neglects him. Solomon often goes to the local graveyard for refuge.
Overhearing a discussion between a council official and Professor Miller, he is upset to hear that his special place is to become a construction site. When the graveyard's protective rowan tree is uprooted by workmen, he has bad dreams and hears mysterious whispers. Driven by his father's behaviour to spend the night in the graveyard, he witnesses one of the workmen being swallowed up by the ground after unearthing a mysterious chest marked with the word "Malefice".
He later discovers that the word means "witchcraft", and that a victim of the Scottish witch hunt is buried there. It seems she has awoken and is intent on vengeance. Amy Miller, the professor's young daughter, who has struck up a friendship with him, is drawn to the graveyard. Solomon follows to protect her from the evil presence which tries to possess her. With his father's help, he manages to rescue her and save himself.
With the encouragement of Ms Talmur, one of the teachers from school who has helped him throughout the book but leaves to get a promotion at the end, he begins to change his life, although he knows it will be an uphill struggle. His father agrees to attend an Alcoholics Anonymous class to perhaps change his life also.
Reception.
"Whispers in the Graveyard" received many positive reviews, and was notably described in The Independent's Weekend Review as "one of those rare books that makes you want to put your life on hold for as long as it takes to finish it... formidably good writing, full of wit and wisdom, from which children will go away encouraged rather than demoralised at the possibilities of the human condition."
It is used in classrooms to promote good writing and also discussions about dyslexia and bullying.

</doc>
<doc id="19608488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608488" title="St Sampson's Church, Golant">
St Sampson's Church, Golant

St Sampson's Church is the Church of England parish church of the village of Golant, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom; it is dedicated to St Sampson of Dol.
St Sampson's features in Simon Jenkins's book "England's Thousand Best Churches", in which it is described as "warm and welcoming". The poet John Betjeman remarked that its pews were "extremely uncomfortable, recall the fidgets of Gus and Flora in "Ravenshoe"". It is open every day of the year, holds services every Sunday and evening prayer every Thursday evening at 6 o’clock. Its choir sings every 2nd and 4th Sunday of the month.
History.
Saint Samson of Dol.
Although Cornwall has more saints than any other county in the UK, Saint Sampson is one of the better known ones. He sometimes stayed in Golant while travelling to Brittany and became the archbishop of Dol.
Many Cornish saints travelling from Ireland to France "via" the south Cornish coast stopped on the way (sometimes in or near the village). There is now a footpath, the Saints' Way, popular with walkers which runs from Padstow on the north coast to Fowey passing through the village and past the church.
Later history.
Until 1281 this church was a chapelry of Tywardreath and the people of Golant were required to contribute to the upkeep of Tywardreath church. In the period c. 1460 to 1508 the chapel at Golant was rebuilt and in 1508 they refused to make these contributions. The church and its churchyard were consecrated by a suffragan bishop (acting for Hugh Oldham, the Bishop of Exeter). Before that date burials had to be made at Tywardreath. The nave roof has inscriptions recording that its rebuilding was the work of various craft guilds while the south aisle roof was given by the Colquite family. There is a holy well near the porch enclosed in a 15th-century wellhouse.
Features of interest.
St Sampson is portrayed in some of the stained glass windows in the church. The church has a ring of five bells. The organ was installed in 1995 and is a hybrid using some of the pipes from an organ originally in St Michael's Church, Newquay, and also some from the organ in Paul Parish Church. A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register
List of the Vicars of Golant.
The Vicars of Golant:

</doc>
<doc id="19608494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608494" title="Soe Tjen Marching">
Soe Tjen Marching

Soe Tjen Marching (born April 23, 1971 in Surabaya, Indonesia) is a writer, academic, activist, and a composer of avant-garde music from Indonesia. In 1998, she won national competition for Indonesian Contemporary Composers held by the German Embassy. Her compositions have been played in New Zealand, Indonesia and Japan. Her work has been released on the CD "Asia Piano Avantgarde - Indonesia", played by pianist Steffen Schleiermacher. In 2010, her work has been selected as one of the two best compositions on the International Competition for avant-garde composers held in Singapore. In her musical career, she has been mainly an autodidact.
Besides being a composer, Marching is also an academic in social sciences and a creative writer. She completed her PhD at Monash University in Australia. Her book, "The Discrepancy between the Public and the Private Selves of Indonesian Women" was published by The Edwin Mellen Press (2007). She has also won several creative writing competitions in Australia and has been published in Australia, America and United Kingdom. She is married to a literary scholar at the Queen Mary University of London, Angus Nicholls. Her novel, "Mati Bertahun yang Lalu", was published by Gramedia (Jakarta - Indonesia) in November 2010. Her book about Indonesian women "Kisah di Balik Pintu" was published by Ombak in 2011.
In 2009, Soe Tjen founded a magazine in Indonesia called "Majalah Bhinneka (Bhinneka Magazine)", which promotes critical thinking about gender, politics and religions. Soe Tjen has written several essays on women, Indonesian politics, and religions in Indonesian, English and German.
An interview with her can be read here: http://zara-majidpour.blogspot.de/2012/07/my-music-and-my-writing-are-both_05.html

</doc>
<doc id="19608497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608497" title="Battle of Bankusay Channel">
Battle of Bankusay Channel

The Battle of Bankusay on June 3, 1571 marked the last resistance to the occupation of Manila by the Spaniards, led by Miguel López de Legazpi. Tarik Sulayman, the chief of Macabebe, Pampanga, refusing to ally with the Spanish as Lakandula of Tondo had done, decided to mount an attack at Bankusay Channel. His forces were defeated, and he himself was killed. The Spanish victory at Bankusay and Legaspi's friendship with Lakandula, enabled the Spaniards to establish themselves throughout the city and its neighboring towns.
Background.
Miguel López de Legazpi, searching for a suitable place to establish his capital after being compelled to move from Cebu to Panay by Portuguese pirates and imminent famine under Martin de Goiti and Captain Juan de Salcedo to discover the location and potentials of a sultanate in Luzon. De Goiti anchored at Cavite, and tried to establish his authority peaceably by sending a message of friendship to Maynila. Rajah Sulayman, its ruler, was willing to accept the friendship that the Spaniards were offering, but did not want to submit to its sovereignty. Thus, Sulayman waged war against them. As a result, De Goiti and his army attacked Maynila on June 1570. After a stout fight, Sulayman and his men were forced to flee uphill. The natives only came back to the city after the Spaniards had left.
In 1571, the Spaniards returned with their entire force (consisting of 280 Spaniards and 600 native allies), this time led by Legazpi himself. Seeing them approach, the natives set the city on fire and fled to Tondo. The Spaniards occupied the ruins of Maynila and established a settlement there. On May 19, 1571, Legaspi gave the title "city" to the colony of Manila. The title was certified on June 19, 1572. Under Spain, Manila became the colonial entrepot in the Far East. The Manila-Acapulco Galleon Trade between the Philippines and Mexico flourished thereafter.
However, a Kapampangan chieftain of the Macabebe tribe, later identified as Tarik Sulayman, refused to submit to the Spaniards and gathered together a force composed of Kapampangan warriors after failing to get the support of the chieftains of Manila (Lakandula, Matanda) and Hagonoy.
Battle.
On June 3, 1571, Tarik Sulayman, supported by Rajah Sulayman, led his troops down the Pampanga River and fought the battle in the bay of Bangkusay, off the port of Tondo.
The Spanish ships, led by Martin de Goiti, were ordered to be fastened two by two. This resulted in a formation of a solid mass which seemed to be an easy target. The native warships were lured to this deceptive technique when they surrounded the Spanish. After being surrounded, the Spanish fired at the natives. Soon, the native fleet was scattered and destroyed.
The chief who died at Bankusay is sometimes identified with Rajah Sulayman of the Kingdom of Maynila, Lakandula's contemporary. However, it was clear in the Spanish records that Rajah Sulayman was able to survive the battle by escaping to Pampanga. It was the nameless Pampango chief, identified as Tarik Sulayman, that fell in the battle.
Aftermath.
Legazpi was able to establish a municipal government for Manila on June 24, 1571. The initial population of the city was around 250.

</doc>
<doc id="19608530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608530" title="Peer Guldbrandsen">
Peer Guldbrandsen

Peer Guldbrandsen (22 October 1912 – 13 March 1996) was a Danish screenwriter, actor, film director and producer. He wrote for 42 films between 1940 and 1976. He also appeared in 23 films between 1939 and 1978.
He was born in Odense, Denmark and died in Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19608536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608536" title="Irie Time">
Irie Time

Irie Time (pronounced 'eye-ree') is a Reggae band that formed in the early 1990s in Houston, Texas. "Irie" Time initially performed Reggae music exclusively. Their "Island Romance" album tracks were recorded in Kingston, Jamaica and were produced by Wailers guitarist Earl 'Chinna' Smith. 
By the mid-1990s, they had also begun incorporating Soca music in their repertoire. The title track from their "Island Romance" album featured a Soca version, as well as a Reggae version, and a companion dub album called "Irie Time in Dub" was also released.
The band toured in Europe during the summer of 2001 and subsequently released the live album "Live Up". Irie Time's most recent album, entitled "It's About Time", incorporates jazz influences, creating a Reggae jazz/ pop hybrid, and the band continues to perform regionally.

</doc>
<doc id="19608549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608549" title="Takeo Fujisawa">
Takeo Fujisawa

Takeo Fujisawa was born in Koishikawa-ku (now Bunkyo-ku), Tokyo, as the eldest son of Hideshiro Fujisawa and his wife Yuki. After a series of jobs in banking and other sectors, his father Shushiro had become the manager of the Jitsueisha, a publicity company that made slide commercials for display at movie theaters. In 1923, when the young Fujisawa was in his first year at Kyoka Middle School, the Great Kanto Earthquake dealt the whole family a terrible blow. The Jitsueisha was destroyed and the elder Fujisawa was left with nothing but borrowed money to live on. Later he planned to revive the movie industry but the tremendous efforts he had made after the disaster had wrecked his health and he became an invalid. The young Fujisawa hoped to became a teacher but failed the official Tokyo school examinations and worked as a professional copyist, writing addresses on envelopes in order to support the family and devoting his leisure time to reading literature. When we see how successful the Takeo Fujisawa was in his later life it is difficult to imagine what a shy young man and poor speaker he was in his early years.
In 1930, he was called up for military service and after a year in the army he resumed his work as a copyist. Fujisawa’s first permanent employment started in September 1934 when he was twenty-three years old. He worked for the Mitsuwa Shokai, a company in Hatchobori, Nihonbashi, Tokyo, a dealer of steel products, Fujisawa was employed as a traveling salesman, visiting small factories to promote the Mitsuwa Shokai’s steel products. When asked why he had chosen this particular job when his interpersonal skills were so weak, his only reply was that he had felt an intuition that this was the path he should follow. His hidden talent suddenly blossomed and he gradually developed relationships with a range of new clients, becoming the company’s top-performing salesman. He adopted the slogan “Always tell your clients the truth” and if ever it looked as though a delivery was going to be late, he would not try to make up excuses but would apologize and give an honest explanation of the reason for the delay. In this way he could turn a problem to his advantage, because his clients came to trust him all the more. By always offering a solution as well as apologizing, he made sure that the relationship of trust was preserved. This episode in Fujisawa’s life gives a strong impression of his character and exhibits just the same attitude as he showed later in his career.
He entered the newly founded Honda in 1949, and in 1964 was promoted to vice-president. In 1973 he retired from this position (along with Soichiro Honda himself) and became a corporate adviser to the company. After his retirement, he opened an antique shop in Tokyo.
Fujisawa died of a heart attack in December 1988, aged 78. In January, in the new era, he was posthumously appointed to the fourth rank in the order of precedence and decorated with the Order of the Rising Sun, Third Class.

</doc>
<doc id="19608550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608550" title="Pleasant Mound Township">
Pleasant Mound Township

Pleasant Mound Township may refer to the following places in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="19608602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608602" title="James Lansdowne Norton">
James Lansdowne Norton

James Lansdowne Norton was a motorcycle designer, inventor and manufacturer of the Norton motorcycles. One of the pioneers of the British motorcycle industry, he died in 1925.
Early life.
James Lansdowne Norton was born in Birmingham in 1869. He showed mechanical ability at an early age and made a model steam engine at the age of ten but began his working life as an apprentice toolmaker in the jewellery trade. His interest was in the development of the bicycle, however, and he soon realised that his career was in engineering.
Business.
James Norton started The Norton Manufacturing Company at the age of 29 in 1898 at premises in Bradford Street, Birmingham. Initially supplying bicycle spare parts he progressed to fully assembled bicycles. Norton's business was interrupted when he went down with a severe bout of rheumatic fever in 1888. He went on a seatrip to New York and back which helped him to recover but he suffered ill health all his life which prematurely aged him and led to his nickname 'Pa'.
Norton met Charles Garrard, who worked for the French Clément engine company and in 1902 Norton made his first powered motorcycle called the "Engerette" with a single-cylinder 143cc Clément engine made in Belgium. A fully restored example of the first Norton motorcycle is on display at the National Motorcycle Museum near Birmingham. Norton also used larger capacity Moto Rêve V-twin engines from Switzerland and Peugeot engines from France.
In 1907 Rem Fowler entered a Norton motorcycle in the first Isle of Man TT race and won the twin cylinder class, beginning Norton's racing career. Pa Norton was on the island for this race to look after the machine and act as the pit attendant.
In 1909 Norton exhibited motorcycles with his own engine design at the Stanley Show, the "Big Four" side valve single which remained in production until 1954. He went on to develop a prototype overhead-valve engine in 1922 with which Dan O'Donovan set a new world record for the 500cc kilometre at 89 mph. A road going motorcycle, the Norton Model 18 was launched in 1923 and became a best seller, as well as establishing many records, including Alec Bennet's Senior TT win.
James Norton was a great engineer but struggled with the business and his company went into liquidation in 1913, being bought by Bob Shelley, who owned an automotive accessories manufacturing business.
The African Journey.
At 54 years of age, during the winter of 1921–1922, Norton decided to visit his brother Harry in Durban (South Africa) and then ride his 633cc Big Four with sidecar on 3000-mile trip to all of South Africa’s major cities.
It was a particularly severe rain season and Norton had to cross rivers in flood and take many detours because numerous bridges had been swept away. The back wheel of the Big Four needed to be dug out of the mud on many occasions but the motorcycle kept on going. The only damage sustained was to a sidecar connection bolt. Norton refused to give up and take the train back. He arrived back in Cape Town to a hero’s reception and well on time to catch the steamer home to England.
This journey was a huge success and seen as a great reliability test trial for the Standard Big Four and De Luxe Side car.
Final Years.
Norton was dignosed with terminal cancer of the bowel in 1922 but remained actively involved with the companies racing programme. In 1924 he was forced to watch the Isle of Man TT from a chair but was delighted to see Norton motorcycles winning two of the races. In April 1924 Norton patented a chain-driven overhead-camshaft design he called 'desmodromique'.
James Norton died in 1925 so never saw how his designs would eventually become world leaders. He is buried at Lodge Hill Cemetery in Selly Oak, Birmingham, England.

</doc>
<doc id="19608615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608615" title="Magonids">
Magonids

The Magonids were a political dynasty of Ancient Carthage from 550 BCE to 340 BCE. The dynasty was first established under Mago I, under whom Carthage became preeminent among the Phoenician colonies in the western Mediterranean. Under the Magonids, the Carthaginian Empire expanded to include Sardinia, Libya, and for almost a decade much of Sicily.
Nature of Magonid rule.
Leading experts on Carthage have been skeptical as to whether it is even possible to reconstruct the internal history of Carthage and this needs to be borne in mind in relation to the Magonids. Mago and his successors probably ruled less as kings but rather more like tyrants or political strongmen. Diodorus, however, describes them as kings according to laws which implies a legal procedure not a naked seizure of power and Herodotus tells us that Hamilcar I was "king by valor" implying selection not hereditary succession.
In 480 BCE, following Hamilcar I's death, the King lost most of his power to an aristocratic Council of Elders. In 308 BCE, Hannonian Bomilcar attempted a coup d'etat to restore the monarch to full power, but failed, which led to Carthage becoming in name as well as in fact a republic.
Rule.
With the arrival of Mago, Carthaginian foreign policy appears to have changed dramatically. If previously Carthage had tentatively colonized the island of Ibiza on its own, it now took the lead, establishing itself firmly as the dominant Phoenician military power in the western Mediterranean. Although it still remained an economic dependent of Tyre, it now acted increasingly independently.
Mago was succeeded by his son Hasdrubal I. The next successor was Hamilcar I, the son of Hasdrubal's brother Hanno. Carthage, always trying to rid itself of its opponent, the Greeks, might even have entered into an alliance with the Persian Xerxes (the accounts are unsure) in order to defeat the joint foe. Herodotus tells that it was believed that the decisive battle of Himera between Carthaginian and Greek forces on Sicily took place on the very same day that the Greeks met with the Persians in the famous battle of Salamis in 480 BCE in Greece itself. But the Greeks were victorious in both battles and Hamilcar met his death at Himera.
After Hamilcar's death, the dynasty continued with Hamilcar's son Hanno II 'the Navigator' up to 440 BCE, under whom a large part of Carthage's African dominions were conquered and more of the Atlantic coast of Africa was explored and settled. Great advances were also made in African inland trade. Meanwhile Carthage appeared to make an effort in keeping itself out of any new wars on Sicily.
This peace and newly acquired vast trading empire also helped rebuild the Carthaginian military forces. By 410 BCE Hannibal I (son of Gisco and grandson of Hamilcar) was the king of Carthage. He immediately set out on a new campaign in Sicily, which in 409 BCE ended in the utter destruction of the city of Selinus, ally of the powerful Greek city state of Syracuse. Hannibal achieved true notoriety with the sheer destruction he wrought and with the cruelty with which he slaughtered thousands of prisoners.
It was at the siege of the Greek city of Agrigentum that an epidemic swept through the Carthaginian camp which killed Hannibal. Hannibal's cousin Himilco II (son of Hanno the Navigator and grandson of Hamilcar) now assumed the reins of power of Carthage. He was only formally crowned king in 396 BCE, but this most likely means that a Carthaginian king could only be installed in the city of Carthage itself and so he had to wait to receive his title formally until he returned home from Sicily.
He spent his time on Sicily in an on-and-off war with the great Syracusan tyrant Dionysius I of Syracuse until in 396 BCE he was disastrously defeated, fleeing Sicily with Carthaginian refugees whilst abandoning his remaining mercenary troops to be slaughtered by the victorious Greeks.
Himilco later committed suicide.
Mago II, another member of this family inherited the title of leader at first. His first task was to try and quell a Libyan revolt which came close to overthrowing Carthaginian rule altogether. Thereafter he set out to Sicily again and later even to southern Italy, to occupy himself with Dionysius. What Mago II lacked in military ability he made up for with diplomatic skill. But finally he fell in the Battle of Cronion (378 BCE) in southern Italy against the Syracusan army. Finally, Carthage and Syracuse agreed a peace.
In 480 BCE, following Hamilcar I's death, the King lost most of his power to an aristocratic Council of Elders. In 308 BCE, Hannonian Bomilcar attempted a coup d'etat to restore the monarch to full power, but failed, which led to Carthage becoming in name as well as in fact a republic.
Timeline.
550 BCE: Mago I takes power.
540 BCE: A Carthaginian-Etruscan alliance had expelled the Greeks from Corsica after the Battle of Alalia.
530 BCE: Mago dies and Hasdrubal I takes power.
Mid 520s BCE: Hasdrubal, along with his brother Hamilcar I, launches an expedition against Sardinia.
510 BCE: Hamilcar I takes power.
509 BCE: Treaty was signed between Carthage and Rome indicating a division of influence and commercial activities. This is the first known source indicating that Carthage had gained control over Sicily and Sardinia, as well as Emporia and the area south of Cape Bon in Africa.
483 BCE: Carthage launches First Sicilian War against Greece in an attempt to gain control of Sicily
480 BCE: Carthage suffers a disastrous loss at Battle of Himera in which Hamilcar is killed, ending the First Sicilian War. Hanno II, also known as Hanno the Navigator, takes power. The Tribunal of 104 is established, severely weakening the power of the Kings. Carthage becomes a republic.
440 BCE: Hanno's reign ends, under whom a large part of Africa was added to Carthage's dominion and more of the Atlantic coast of Africa was explored and settled. Himilco I takes power.
410 BCE: Hannibal I takes power. The same year, he invades Sicily.
409 BCE: Invasion of Sicily ends with destruction of the city of Selinus, ally of the powerful Greek city of Syracuse.
406 BCE: Himilco II takes power after Hannibal dies of disease.
396 BCE: Himilco is disastrously defeated in Sicily by Dionysius I of Syracuse and commits suicide. Mago II takes power.
392 BCE: After crushing Libyan revolt, Mago ends war with Dionysus in Sicily.
378 BCE: Mago defeated at Battle of Cronion in southern Italy by the Syracusan army. Syracuse and Carthage make peace.
375 BCE: Mago II dies and Mago III takes power.
348 BCE: Second treaty signed with Rome, now a significant power in Italy.
344 BCE: Mago III dies. Hanno III takes power.
340 BCE: Hanno III attempts a coup d'etat against the Council of Elders to restore full monarchial power, but he fails, and is executed.

</doc>
<doc id="19608616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608616" title="Hünfelder SV">
Hünfelder SV

Hünfelder SV is a German association football club from the city of Hünfeld, Hesse. In addition to a football section, the sports club has departments for athletics, basketball, gymnastics, handball, table tennis, and volleyball.
__TOC__
History.
1909 to 1945.
Also the club was only formed in 1919, it was predated by the Turn- und Sportverein Fortuna, which was formed in 1909 and dissolved during the difficult years of the First World War.
To re-ignite sporting live, and especially football, a handful of enthusiasts placed an add in the local newspaper, the Hünfelder Kreisblatte, requesting all interested people to meet on Sunday, 22 June 1919 in a local pub, to form a new sports and football club. The new club started out with football as its only sport, adding other departments later.
In its early days, the club existed under difficult circumstances. Having no regular playing field, it had to ask local farmers for permission to play on their fields, which was usually only granted after the harvest. The club played its first official match on 29 July 1919, losing 1–3 against Adler Neukirchen and playing at Sargenzeller Höhe, was only a friendly but the team soon entered into competitive football, joining the local B-Klasse. A first championship in this league was won in 1925–26.
The club remained stagnant on local level and did not distinguish itself in the following years. The rise of the Nazis to power in 1933 did not initially change this, but from 1936, under the leadership of the new club chairman Conrad Schäfer, the "HSV" slowly improved.
During the Second World War, the club managed to continue to field a team because a hospital of the German army was based in town and recovering soldiers were permitted to field for the club. In the war years, the "HSV" thereby attracted much stronger players as it usually could, having even a former German international, Hermann Gramlich, in their ranks. Eventually, in December 1944, even this came to a halt and football ceased due to the worsening war situation.
The club entered a short hibernation, lasting until September 1945, when a club meeting re-ignited activity within the Hünfelder SV.
1945 to 2008.
Re-entering competitive football, the club at first played in the local A-Klasse, earning promotion to the Bezirksklasse in 1948, then the second-highest league in Hesse. The club remained in this league until 1962, when it archived promotion to the Hessenliga, the highest league in the state and the third tier of German football in those days. In its first season on this level, 1962–63, the club did rather well finishing fifth out of 16 teams. Additionally, the club managed to win the Hesse Cup in this season. It was also the last season before introduction of the new Fußball-Bundesliga.
The 1963–64 season was not quite as successful but with Norbert Fladung the club had the best goal scorer in the league with 34 goals. From then on, the "HSV" had to play against relegation in its league, which became a fact in 1967, when the club had to drop down to the Landesliga Hessen-Nord (IV). In this league, the team spent only one season before returning to the Amateurliga Hessen. In 1970, the club was once more relegated from this league and would not be able to return to it for 33 years.
The club played the next nine seasons as a mid-table side in the Landesliga before suffering another relegation in 1979. In 1982, it returned to the Landesliga Nord for three seasons, being relegated again in 1985. After one season, it managed to regain its Landesliga status. The fortunes of the club started to improve again, climbing up in the table season by season, culminating in two second-place finishes in 1990 and 1991. Missing out on promotion both times, the "HSV" fell back in the season standings again and was relegated in 1998 once more. After two seasons in the Bezirksoberliga Fulda, it returned to the Landesliga. From 2000 onwards, the club had an impressive run in this league, finishing in the top-four in all seven seasons. After a league championship in 2003, a return to the Hessenliga, now the fourth tier of the German league system, was an unsuccessful experience, being relegated straight away again. In 2008, the club once more archived promotion to the highest league in the state through a second place finish in the Landesliga.
The club played for three seasons in the Hessenliga (V) before being relegated once more at the end of the 2010-11 season to make an immediate return the following year.
Honours.
The club's honours: 
Recent seasons.
The recent season-by-season performance of the club:

</doc>
<doc id="19608629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608629" title="Kanan Karimov">
Kanan Karimov

Kanan Karimov (born 5 August 1976) is a retired Azerbaijani footballer come manager who currently manages Karvan.
Karimov was appointed a manager of the newly reformed Karvan in August 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19608632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608632" title="Wes O'Neill">
Wes O'Neill

Wes Samuel O'Neill (born March 3, 1986 in Windsor, Ontario) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenseman who previously played with the Colorado Avalanche organization of the National Hockey League.
Playing career.
O'Neill was drafted 115th overall in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft by the New York Islanders. Originally from the Green Bay Gamblers of the USHL he was to play for Canada at the World U18 Championships in 2004. He then committed to play four years of collegiate hockey at Notre Dame culminating in a conference championship in 2007.
O'Neill signed as a free agent by the Colorado Avalanche on August 20, 2007. He made his professional debut in the 2007–08 season with the Avalanche's affiliate, the Lake Erie Monsters. O'Neill spent the majority of the year with the Monsters before he was sent to the Johnstown Chiefs of the ECHL for their playoff run.
In the 2008–09 season, O'Neill received his first NHL recall on March 27, 2009. He made his NHL debut with the Avalanche on the same day, in a 4-1 defeat to the Vancouver Canucks. He was sent back down to the Lake Erie Monsters on April 4, 2009. 
Wes was assigned to Lake Erie and recorded a career-high 15 points in the 2009–10 season. Wes became the Monsters franchise leader in games played with 159 and appeared in a further two games for the Avalanche in a brief stint in January.
O'Neill was not retained by the Avalanche and was rendered a free agent at seasons end. Unable to attract an NHL offer prior to the 2010–11 season, O'Neill accepted a try-out to the reigning AHL Champions, the Hershey Bears, training camp but failed to attain a contract. With the season underway, Wes signed with Kalamazoo Wings of the ECHL on a one-year contract on October 18, 2010. As Captain of the K-Wings, O'Neill appeared in 13 games before he was signed on a professional try-out contract by AHL affiliate, the Bridgeport Sound Tigers, on November 19, 2010.
After a second injury hit season with the Wings, O'Neill left as a free agent and signed a one-year contract with ECHL competitor the Toledo Walleye on September 4, 2012. At the conclusion of the 2012-13 season, O'Neill opted to retire from hockey after 6 professional seasons.

</doc>
<doc id="19608633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608633" title="Elasticity of intertemporal substitution">
Elasticity of intertemporal substitution

Elasticity of intertemporal substitution (or intertemporal elasticity of substitution) is a measure of responsiveness of the growth rate of consumption to the real interest rate. If the real rate rises, future consumption may increase due to increased return on savings; but future consumption may also decline as the saver decides to consume more immediately given that he can get a higher return on what he does save (i.e. not consumes). The net effect on future consumption is the elasticity of intertemporal substitution.
Mathematical definition.
The definition depends on whether one is working in discrete or continuous time. We will see that for CRRA utility, the two approaches yield the same answer. The below functional forms assume that utility from consumption is time additively separable.
Discrete time.
Total lifetime utility is given by 
In this setting, the real interest rate will be given by the following condition:
A quantity of money formula_3 invested today costs formula_4 units of utility, and so must yield exactly that number of units of utility in the future when saved at the prevailing gross interest rate formula_5. (If it yielded more, then the agent could make himself better off by saving more.)
Solving for the real interest rate, we see that
In logs, we have
Logs are very close to percentage changes, so we can interpret formula_8 as an net interest rate like 5%, whereas formula_5 is the corresponding gross interest rate like 1.05.
The elasticity of intertemporal substitution is defined as the percent change in consumption growth per percent increase in the net interest rate:
By substituting in our log equation above, we can see that this definition is equivalent to the elasticity of consumption growth with respect to marginal utility growth:
Either definition is correct, however, assuming that the agent is optimizing and has time separable utility.
Example.
Let utility of consumption in period formula_12 be given by
Since this utility function belongs to the family of CRRA utility functions we have formula_14 
Thus, 
This can be rewritten as
Hence, applying the above derived formula
Continuous time.
Let total lifetime utility be given by
formula_18
where formula_19 is shorthand for formula_20, formula_21 is the utility of consumption in (instant) time t, and formula_22 is the time discount rate. First define the measure of relative risk aversion (this is useful even if the model has no uncertainty or risk) as,
then the elasticity of intertemporal substitution is defined as
formula_24
If the utility function formula_25 is of the CRRA type:
formula_26 (with special case of formula_27 being formula_28)
then the intertemporal elasticity of substitution is given by formula_29. In general, a low value of theta (high intertemporal elasticity) means that consumption growth is very sensitive to changes in the real interest rate. For theta equal to 1, the growth rate of consumption responds one for one to changes in the real interest rate. A high theta implies an insensitive consumption growth.
Ramsey Growth model.
In the Ramsey growth model, the elasticity of intertemporal substitution determines the speed of adjustment to the steady state and the behavior of the saving rate during the transition. If the elasticity is high then large changes in consumption are not very costly to consumers and as a result if the real interest rate is high they will save a large portion of their income. If the elasticity is low the consumption smoothing motive is very strong and because of this consumers will save a little and consume a lot if the real interest rate is high.
Estimates.
Empirical estimates of the elasticity vary. Part of the difficulty stems from the fact that microeconomic studies come to different conclusions than macroeconomic studies which use aggregate data. A meta-analysis of 169 published studies reports a mean elasticity of 0.5, but also substantial differences across countries.

</doc>
<doc id="19608634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608634" title="Ilselil Larsen">
Ilselil Larsen

Ilselil Larsen (born 1 July 1934) is a Danish film actress. She appeared in 16 films between 1940 and 1958. She was born in Århus, Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19608637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608637" title="Pleasant Bay">
Pleasant Bay

Pleasant Bay may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19608641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608641" title="Dingpu Station">
Dingpu Station

Dingpu Station might refer to following railway stations in Taiwan:

</doc>
<doc id="19608644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608644" title="Nerio Giovanazzi">
Nerio Giovanazzi

Nerio Giovanazzi (born January 1, 1948 in Trento) is an Italian politician and the vice president of Provincial Council of Trento.
Giovanazzi was elected for the first time in the Provincial Council of Trento in 1993 as member of the Italian People's Party, and was re-elected in 1998 as member of Forza Italia.
In the 2008 provincial election Giovanazzi will run for President supported by the lists Administer Trentino ("Amministrare il Trentino") and Youngs for Trentino ("Giovani per il Trentino").

</doc>
<doc id="19608651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608651" title="Stavros Sarafis">
Stavros Sarafis

Stavros Sarafis (born November 23, 1950) is a retired football player, who spent his entire career in PAOK FC of Thessaloniki, playing as a forward. He is one of the club's most famous players and also the all-time top scorer. His nickname was "Kaisaras" (Caesar).
Sarafis was born in Epanomi, in the outskirts of Thessaloniki in 1950. He was discovered by then-president Giorgos Panelakis and joined PAOK in 1968, and remained with the club for 13 years retiring in 1981. He was a prolific goalascorer, netting 136 goals in 358 league matches with PAOK. He also scored 26 goals in the Greek Cup and 8 in UEFA competitions, for 170 goals in total. His partnership with the legendary Giorgos Koudas was one of the most prolific attacking duos in Greek football during the 70's, winning one league championship and two cups. After retiring, he continued working for the club in various positions, including assistant manager.
Sarafis played 32 games for the Greek national side between 1969 and 1977, scoring 7 goals.
Honours.
1976
1972, 1974

</doc>
<doc id="19608655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608655" title="GMC CCKW">
GMC CCKW

Thе GMC CCKW is a 2.5 ton 6X6 U.S. Army cargo truck that saw service in World War II and the Korean War, often referred to as a "Deuce and a Half" or "Jimmy". The CCKW came in many variants, based on the open or closed cab, and Long Wheel Base (LWB 353) or Short Wheel Base (SWB 352).
History.
Built to copies, CCKWs were employed in large numbers for the Red Ball Express, an enormous convoy system created by Allied forces to supply their forces moving through Europe following the breakout from the D-Day beaches in Normandy, from August 25 to November 16, 1944, when the port facilities at Antwerp were opened. At its peak the Red Ball operated 5,958 vehicles, and carried about 12,500 tons of supplies a day.
The designation CCKW comes from model nomenclature used by GMC; the first "C" indicated a vehicle designed in 1941, the second "C" signifies a conventional cab, the "K" indicates all-wheel drive and the "W" indicated tandem rear axles. 
Including the DUKW, General Motors in the US produced 562,750 of these 2.5 ton trucks just prior to and during World War II.
Versions.
Initially all versions were of closed cab design (having a metal roof and doors) with all steel cargo beds. But as the war progressed an open cab version was designed that had fixed 'half doors' and a canvas top/sides and the steel bed was replaced by a wooden one to conserve steel. The wood bed proved unsatisfactory and a 'composite' bed with steel sides and framing, but with wooden slats for the bed, was developed. Later on the 'wood/steel' composite bed was replaced by an all steel composite bed.

</doc>
<doc id="19608658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608658" title="USS Zillah (SP-2804)">
USS Zillah (SP-2804)

USS "Zillah" (SP-2804) was a motorboat that served in the United States Navy as a patrol vessel during 1918.
"Zillah" was a wooden-hulled motorboat built in 1903 by Charles Clarke and Company at Galveston, Texas, and rebuilt in 1913 by the same firm. She was acquired by the U.S. Navy from that same company in June 1918 for service in World War I. Though there is no record of the date on which USS "Zillah" was commissioned, she was designated SP-2804 and assigned to the 8th Naval District.
"Zillah" served with the naval port guard at Galveston for the remainder of World War I. She was decommissioned on 13 December 1918. Her name was struck from the Navy List on that same day, and she was simultaneously returned to her owner.

</doc>
<doc id="19608672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608672" title="Pleasant Park">
Pleasant Park

Pleasant Park is a location in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada:

</doc>
<doc id="19608692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608692" title="Jahangir Hasanzade">
Jahangir Hasanzade

Jahangir Hasanzade (, born 4 August 1979) is an Azerbaijani footballer currently playing for AZAL PFC. One of the most experienced goalkeepers of Azerbaijan football. Azerbaijan national football team former №1, currently AZAL PFC captain.
Career.
Jahangir Hasanzade began his career at Baku clubs, such as MOIK, Farid and Bakili. In 1998, Azerbaijan national football team former head coach Ahmad Alaskarov invited him to Neftchi Baku. Hasanzade became the №1 immediately and played a key role in 1998-99 Azerbaijan Cup final game. Later, he became the main goalkeeper national team, especially after a brilliant performance in a 2-0 win against Slovakia.
After Neftchi and one year loan in Shafa Jahangir went to Ukraine and played for Volyn and Tavriya in the Ukraine Premier League. First part of experience was not so successful, but at Tavriya he was a main goalkeeper till his return to Neftchi, where Hasanzade achieved his first championship.
In 2005, Jahangir Hasanzade unexpectedly cancelled contract with Neftchi and was signed by Karabakh. At the end of the season, he raised his 3rd Azerbaijan Cup.
For Inter Baku, where he won Azerbaijan Premier League for the second time, Jahangir capped only 6 times. He also failed to be the main goalkeeper in Gabala FC, and in 2009 signed a contract with AZAL PFC.
During 3 years Hasanzade capped for AZAL PFC over than 80 times. On November 2012, he became the captain of the team.
Honours.
Club.
Neftchi Baku
FK Qarabağ
Inter Baku

</doc>
<doc id="19608713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608713" title="Pleasant River">
Pleasant River

Pleasant River may refer to
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="19608719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608719" title="Henning Moritzen">
Henning Moritzen

Henning Moritzen (3 August 1928 – 11 August 2012) was a Danish film actor. He appeared in more than 70 films between 1950 and 2010. He was born in Tårbæk, Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19608731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608731" title="Hampton Grand Prix">
Hampton Grand Prix

The Hampton Grand Prix is a defunct Grand Prix affiliated tennis tournament played from 1971 to 1977. It was held in Hampton, Virginia in the United States and played on indoor hard courts.
Jimmy Connors and Ilie Năstase were the most successful players at the tournament, with Connors winning the singles competition four times while Năstase won the singles title once and the doubles title three times, twice with compatriot Ion Ţiriac and once with American Clark Graebner.

</doc>
<doc id="19608740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608740" title="Parameter (disambiguation)">
Parameter (disambiguation)

A parameter is a quantity which changes characteristics of a system or a function. The term is used in this way in many mathematical sciences.
The term may also have the following meanings:

</doc>
<doc id="19608750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608750" title="RTLS">
RTLS

RTLS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19608756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608756" title="Academy of Lille">
Academy of Lille

The Academy of Lille is a French educational district managed by a Vice-chancellor that gathers together schools of Nord-Pas-de-Calais. The university of the academy is the Lille Northern university of France. The academy of Lille belongs to zone B.

</doc>
<doc id="19608785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608785" title="Myospherulosis">
Myospherulosis

Myospherulosis, also known as spherulocytosis, is a foreign body-type granulomatous reaction to lipid-containing material and blood.
It may be seen in various settings including: 
The resultant histopathologic pattern is most unusual and initially was mistakenly thought to represent a previously undescribed endosporulating fungus.

</doc>
<doc id="19608791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608791" title="The Best of Times (album)">
The Best of Times (album)

The Best of Times is the fourth album from New York hardcore punk band, Murphy's Law. It was released in 1991 (see 1991 in music).

</doc>
<doc id="19608795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608795" title="Caterpillar D4">
Caterpillar D4

The Caterpillar D4 track-type tractor is a small bulldozer manufactured by Caterpillar Inc.
Caterpillar first introduced the RD4 in 1936 as the diesel follow on to the successful CAT 30 gas model. The RD4 originally weighed in at 10,000 pounds, and used Caterpillar's D4400 engine, an inline four-cylinders, with a 4.25x5.50 inch bore and stroke. In 1935 Caterpillar had started the naming convention of "RD" for diesel or "R" for regular gasoline, followed by a number to indicate the relative engine size. In 1937 the "R" was dropped, and just a "D" was used for the diesel versions. At the time of introduction of the RD4, the D4400 engine produced about 43 HP at the drawbar so the 4 indicated the relative engine power. The D4 U series was fitted with the more powerful D315 engine. The later D4 series engines quickly increased in power, so the number "4" just became a figure of merit rather than indicating actual engine power.
Version details.
Tracked shovels.
The Caterpillar D4 was used as the base tractor for the Trackson built loader that was known as the T4 or "Traxcavator" shovel.

</doc>
<doc id="19608798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608798" title="Cornish Way">
Cornish Way

The Cornish Way is a cycle route which is part of the National Cycle Network that links Bude to Lands End. The route is via Padstow or St Austell and is 180 miles in length.
Trails.
From Lands End to Hayle 
Part of the Mineral Tramway Trails from Hayle to Truro
Truro to Bodmin via St Austell
Bodmin to county boundary near Bude
Truro to Padstow via Newquay
This offroad section leads from Padstow to Bodmin.

</doc>
<doc id="19608821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608821" title="Jeff Klein">
Jeff Klein

Jeffrey Lawrence "Jeff" Klein is an American singer/songwriter from Newburgh, New York, who plays keyboards and guitar. He has released three critically acclaimed albums.
Biography.
At the age of 18, Klein moved to Boston to attend the Berklee College of Music. In 1999, he moved to Austin, Texas and released his first album, 
"You'll Never Get to Heaven If You Break My Heart". Signing to influential records label One Little Indian, Klein released two more albums, "Everybody Loves a Winner", featuring Patty Griffin, Matthew Ryan, Jon Dee Graham and Johnny Goudie, in 2002, and "The Hustler", which features Ani Difranco and Dave Pirner of Soul Asylum as guests in 2005.,
He has also worked with Ani DiFranco and The Twilight Singers, and as of 2008 is touring with The Gutter Twins as keyboardist. He has been described as "Tom Waits snagged on a barbedwire fence." and as having a "smoky voice (with a) bruised world-weariness".
Klein is also a main member of the collective My Jerusalem, along with fellow Gutter Twins musicians Cully Symington and Dave Rosser.
Along with a history of collaborating with Greg Dulli and Mark Lanegan, Klein has toured or guested as a member of bands such as The Honorary Title, Stars of Track and Field, Ed Harcourt,and Statistics (band)
Jeff Klein has often been known to collaborate with visual artist Kenneth E. Parris III

</doc>
<doc id="19608825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608825" title="Dingpu Station (Taipei Metro)">
Dingpu Station (Taipei Metro)

Dingpu Station is a planned subway station of Taipei Metro. This station will a 2 km extension and western terminus of the Tucheng Line, which itself is an extension of Bannan Line. Dingpu Station will be located in Tucheng District, New Taipei City.
Construction began in January 2010 and commercial service was scheduled to begin in 2013. As of July 2013, commercial service is scheduled to begin in 2014. It is a planned terminus for the Sanying Line.
Station overview.
The station will be a two-level, underground station with island platforms. It will be 292 meters in length and 21 meters in width, and it will adopt the cut-and-cover method for construction. Four exits are planned. It will be located beneath Lane 118 and 52 on Zhongyang Rd.
When completed, it will become the southernmost station in the Taipei Metro. It is a planned transfer station with the Sanying Line (as an elevated station).
Design.
Station design will take into account Tucheng's early coal industry (Haishan Coal Mine area), Army Logistics School, high-tech carbon nanotubes, and ceramics made in Yingge.
Service.
The station is expected to begin service in 2014. When completed, it will take 30 minutes to travel from Dingpu Station to Taipei Main Station.

</doc>
<doc id="19608835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608835" title="Melissa M">
Melissa M

Melissa M (born on August 21, 1985, Marseille), or Melissa, is a French R&B singer of Algerian origin. She started her musical career with Maniac from Norway based in Oslo. Maniac helped Melissa to guide her positively through the music industry. She has released her first album entitled "Avec tout mon amour" and two successful singles, "Elle" and "Cette Fois" under Maniacs' recordlabel East Meets West in 2007. She currently lives in Gardanne, France.
Discography.
Albums.
DD = Digital downloads
Singles.
DD = Digital downloads

</doc>
<doc id="19608862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608862" title="Pleasant Street">
Pleasant Street

Pleasant Street may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19608867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608867" title="Jean Kerléo">
Jean Kerléo

Jean Kerléo (born 24 February 1932) is a French perfumer who worked in-house of Jean Patou and is also the founder of the Osmothèque, a scent archive in Versailles. Kerleo was born on 24 February 1932 in Brittany, France. At age 22, he began making perfumes for a New York company, Helena Rubenstein. He received the Prix des Parfumeurs de France in 1965, served as the president for the Society of French Perfumers from 1976 to 1979, and was awarded the Prix François COTY in 2001
From 1967 until 1998, Kerléo was the in-house perfumer for the house of Jean Patou, the second in line after Henri Alméras, where he composed the influential perfumes "1000" and "Sublime". In 1999, he passed his position of head perfumer of Jean Patou to Jean-Michel Duriez and became the director of the Osmothèque, which he co-founded. In this position, he supervised, researched, and extended the collection of this fragrance archive to encompass and reconstruct more ancient and lost perfumes. In 2008, he handed the position of president and director to Patricia de Nicolaï, the great-granddaughter of Pierre-François Pascal Guerlain.
Creations for Jean Patou.
In 1984, Jean Kerléo was responsible for the recreation of 12 iconic Patou fragrances of the early decades: "Amour-Amour", "Que sais-je", "Adieu Sagesse", "Chaldée", "Moment Suprême", "Cocktail", "Divine Folie", "Normandie", "Vacances", "Colony", "L'Heure Attendue", "Câline". Very much in the spirit of his later work at the Osmothèque, he restricted himself to those fragrances he could confidently reassemble based on existing formulas and available ingredients, avoiding guesswork where such reference material was not available. For this reason, "Invitation" (1932) and many other classic Patou fragrances were not recreated.

</doc>
<doc id="19608868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608868" title="Rich Robertson (right-handed pitcher)">
Rich Robertson (right-handed pitcher)

Richard Paul Robertson is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. He pitched six seasons in the major leagues, from until , all for the San Francisco Giants. In , he led the National League in wild pitches with 18.

</doc>
<doc id="19608885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608885" title="List of guests appearing on The Midnight Special">
List of guests appearing on The Midnight Special

This is a partial list of guests who appeared on "The Midnight Special".
1972 (pilot).
First aired: 8/19/1972

</doc>
<doc id="19608889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608889" title="Fleming Lynge">
Fleming Lynge

Fleming Lynge (20 September 1896 – 3 November 1970) was a Danish screenwriter. He wrote for 72 films between 1929 and 1959.
He was born and died in Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19608902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608902" title="John Gaspar Ferdinand de Marchin, Comte de Granville">
John Gaspar Ferdinand de Marchin, Comte de Granville

John Gaspar Ferdinand de Marchin, or Marsin, Comte de Granville (1601 – 1673) was a Walloon military commander from the Spanish Netherlands.
Life.
At the age of thirteen Marchin was enlisted in the regiment of the Count of Tilly and fought many battles in the Thirty Years War. He later served under Louis II de Bourbon, Prince de Condé.
By 1647, he was lieutenant general and in command of the Army in Catalonia. During the Fronde he sided with the Great Condé against King Louis XIV. He was imprisoned in Perpignan for 13 months. When the peace was signed on 30 July 1653, Marchin, like Condé, refused the amnesty and went to Spain where Philip IV appointed him company commander in his army.
In 1658 Charles II of England made him a Knight of the Garter.
He participated in the disastrous campaign in the Portuguese Restoration War under John of Austria (1663–1664). He also led the Spanish troops against the French in the north of France, where he was defeated in 1667 by François de Créquy. 
Marchin then retired to his estate at Modave Castle, where he spent his entire fortune on its restoration, which took 15 years.
Family.
Marchin married Marie de Balzac d'Entragues, daughter of the Marquis de Clermont, counsellor to the King of France.
They had two children : 

</doc>
<doc id="19608914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608914" title="Payne v Cave">
Payne v Cave

Payne v Cave (1789) 3 TR 148 is an old English contract law case, which stands for the proposition that an auctioneer's request for bids is not an offer but an invitation to treat. The bidders make the offers which can be accepted by the auctioneer.
Facts.
Mr Cave made the highest bid for Mr Payne's goods at an auction. But then, Mr Cave changed his mind and he withdrew his bid before the auctioneer brought down his hammer. 
It was held that the defendant was not bound to purchase the goods. His bid amounted to an offer which he was entitled to withdraw at any time before the auctioneer signified acceptance by knocking down the hammer. Note: The common law
rule laid down in this case has now been codified in many countries in variations of the Sale of Goods Act, e.g. UK 1979 s57(2).
Judgment.
The court held that Mr Cave was entitled to withdraw his offer at any time before the auctioneer accepted it. The auctioneer's request for bids was an invitation to treat, and each bid constituted an offer which could be withdrawn at any time until it's accepted, and finally, the fall of the auctioneer's hammer constituted acceptance of the highest bid.
Significance.
"Barry v Davies" qualified "Payne" by ruling that if the auction is advertised as being "without a reserve price", then the auctioneer is bound to sell to the highest "bona fide" bidder (and not the seller himself, as attempted in "Warlow v Harrison"). Also, the Sale of Goods Act 1979, s 57 states that if an auction is held without any reserve, then the auctioneer must accept the highest bid (this was subsequently applied in Barry v Davies).
In opening a contract class at Harvard in the autumn of 1870, Professor Christopher Columbus Langdell, instead of the traditional didactic approach of lecturing a hall of students, pointed to a student and asked, “Mr Fox, will you state the facts of "Payne v Cave"?”, then, “Mr Rawle will you give the plaintiff’s argument?” He replied to answers, in Socratic style, with “could you suggest a reason?”. This became known as the case method of legal study, that is followed around most of the common law world today..

</doc>
<doc id="19608922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608922" title="2009 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship">
2009 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship

The 2009 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship was the 123rd season of the championship since its establishment by the Gaelic Athletic Association in 1887.
A total of 12 teams contested the championship. Kilkenny were the defending champions and succeeded in capturing a record-equalling fourth consecutive All-Ireland title, their seventh of the decade.
Antrim, Clare, Cork, Dublin, Galway, Kilkenny, Laois, Limerick, Offaly, Tipperary, Waterford and Wexford all contested the All-Ireland championship.
The championship began on 30 May 2009 and ended with the All-Ireland final on 6 September 2009 in which defending champions Kilkenny retained their title, their fourth in as many years, against Tipperary.
Format.
The format of the 2009 championship was slightly different from previous years. Firstly, Galway have had no opposition in the Connacht Senior Hurling Championship since 2004. Due to this it was decided at a special meeting of the GAA's congress for Galway to join the Leinster Senior Hurling Championship for a three-year trial period, starting with the 2009 championship. Antrim, being the only Tier 1 team in the Ulster Senior Hurling Championship, also participated in the Leinster Championship on a three-year trial period. Antrim also competed in the Ulster Championship which was run as a separate tournament to the All-Ireland Hurling Championship.
12 counties participated in Tier 1 of the 2009 Championship. These teams were as follows:
Provincial Championships
The Munster championship was played as usual with five teams. The Leinster championship also proceeded as usual, except for the addition of both Antrim and Galway, bringing the total number of competing teams to seven. The Leinster and Munster champions advanced directly to the All-Ireland semi-finals.
All-Ireland Qualifiers
The qualifiers gave teams defeated in the provincial championships another chance at winning the All-Ireland.
"Phase 1:" (2 matches) the three Leinster quarter-finalists and the Munster quarter-finalist play off.
"Phase 2:" (2 matches) the two Leinster semi-finalists and two Munster semi-finalists play off.
"Phase 3:" (2 matches) The four winners of Phase 1 and Phase 2 games meet in Phase 3. The two Phase 3 winners advance to the All-Ireland quarter-finals.
All-Ireland Series
"Quarter-finals:" (2 matches) The defeated Munster and Leinster finalists played the winners of the Phase 3 qualifiers.
"Semi-finals:" (2 matches) The Munster and Leinster champions played the winners of the quarter-finals.
Promotion/Relegation
Promotion and relegation between Tier 1 and Tier 2 was in operation in the 2009 championship. The defeated team in the Round 2 match of the Relegation playoffs was demoted to the 2010 Christy Ring Cup, to be replaced by the winners of the 2009 Christy Ring Cup.
Fixtures.
Relegation play-offs.
It was intended to hold a relegation playoff between Antrim and Wexford, but instead it was decided to allow both compete in the 2010 championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19608934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608934" title="John Baldwin (judge)">
John Baldwin (judge)

Sir John Baldwin (died 24 October 1545) was an English lawyer and Chief Justice of the Common Pleas.
Family.
According to Baker, John Baldwin, born before 1470, was a younger son of William Baldwin (died c.1479) of Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire, and Agnes Dormer, the daughter of William Dormer of West Wycombe, Buckinghamshire. However according to "The Visitation of Buckinghamshire" and other sources, Agnes Dormer, the daughter of William Dormer (d.1506) of West Wycombe, was John Baldwin's first wife, not his mother.
Baldwin is said to have had an elder brother, Richard Baldwin (d.1484).
Baldwin's uncle, also named John Baldwin (d. 1469), had a legal career in London as a bencher of Gray's Inn and common serjeant of the City. At his death in 1469 his estates in Aylesbury were inherited in turn by Baldwin's father, William, by Baldwin's elder brother, Richard (d.1484), and in 1484 by Baldwin himself.
Career.
Details of John Baldwin's early legal career are sparse. He joined the Inner Temple at some time before 1500, and was practicing in the Court of Requests by 1506. He was appointed a Justice of the Peace for Buckinghamshire in 1510. He gave his first reading at the Inner Temple in 1516, and served as treasurer from 1521-3.
In 1529 Baldwin was returned to Parliament for Hindon, and in 1530 was appointed Attorney General for Wales and the Duchy of Lancaster.
He gave a third reading at the Inner Temple in 1531, and was appointed a Serjeant-at-law and King's Serjeant in the same year. In 1534 he was knighted, which Sir John Spelman considered 'unprecedented' for a serjeant.
Further details of Baldwin's judicial career can be gleaned from the reports of Sir James Dyer, whose opinion of Baldwin was not always complimentary.
In June 1535 Baldwin was required to pass sentence of treason on the Carthusian priors, as the remaining justices had departed before the verdict was rendered.
In later life Baldwin added to his landed estates. In 1536 he purchased a country home at Little Marlow, and in 1540 the site of the former Greyfriars monastery in Aylesbury.
In 1538 Baldwin was involved, through no fault of his own, in a miscarriage of justice at the assizes at Bury, when a man was convicted of murder on the evidence of his young son, and after his execution it was discovered that the alleged victim was still alive.
Baldwin was a circuit judge in Norfolk until 1541, and then served on the home circuit. After the death of Sir Robert Norwich, he was appointed Chief Justice of the Common Pleas on 19 April 1535, and served in that capacity until his death.
He died 24 October 1545, and was buried in Aylesbury Church.
Marriages and issue.
According to Baker, although the identity of Baldwin's first wife is 'uncertain', her first name was probably Agnes, and she was the mother of Baldwin's son, William, and three daughters, Agnes, Pernell and Alice: However, as noted above, according to other sources, Baldwin's first wife was Agnes Dormer, the daughter of William Dormer (d.1506) of West Wycombe, and the sister of Sir Robert Dormer (d. 1552).
In 1518 Baldwin married Anne (née Norris), widow of William Wroughton (d. before 1515), and daughter of Sir William Norris (d.1507) of Yattendon, Berkshire, by his third wife, Anne Horne. She is said to have become insane before Baldwin's death, and in October 1545 Edward Seymour, Earl of Hertford, suggested that she be placed in the care of her son by her first marriage, Sir William Wroughton (d. 4 September 1559). Three months later Anne was sent to live with her kinswoman, Mary (née Norris) Carew (d.1570), widow of Vice-Admiral Sir George Carew (c.1504 – 19 July 1545), and daughter of Henry Norris (b. before 1500, d. 1536) of Bray, Berkshire, and his wife, Mary. The date of Anne's death is not known.

</doc>
<doc id="19608945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608945" title="Pleasant Street Historic District">
Pleasant Street Historic District

Pleasant Street Historic District may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19608956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608956" title="Freddy Koch">
Freddy Koch

Freddy Koch (21 March 1916 – 10 August 1980) was a Danish film actor. He appeared in 22 films between 1945 and 1976.
He was born in Copenhagen, Denmark and died in Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19608983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19608983" title="John Brown (Canadian politician)">
John Brown (Canadian politician)

John Brown (23 December 1841 - 1 August 1905) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in Wentworth County, Canada West and became a miller and mining consultant / prospector by career.
He became the Member of Parliament for Monck following his victory in the 1891 federal election. After several months service in the 7th Parliament, Brown was unseated the following year and replaced by Arthur Boyle in a 12 March 1892 by-election.

</doc>
<doc id="19609007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609007" title="Communauté de communes Plateau de Caux-Fleur de Lin">
Communauté de communes Plateau de Caux-Fleur de Lin

The communauté de communes Plateau de Caux-Fleur de Lin was created on December 31, 2001 and is located in the Seine-Maritime "département" of the Haute-Normandie region of northern France.
Participants.
The communauté de communes comprises the following 21 communes:

</doc>
<doc id="19609020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609020" title="Tam Spiva">
Tam Spiva

Hubert Tamblyn Spiva, Jr., known as Tam Spiva (born 1932), is a television screenwriter in Pacific Palisades, California, who is best known for his work on ABC's "The Brady Bunch" situation comedy (1969–1974), starring Florence Henderson and Robert Reed, and CBS's family drama "Gentle Ben" (1967–1969) starring Dennis Weaver.
Spiva is originally from the small city of Minden, the seat of Webster Parish in northwestern Louisiana. His parents, Hubert Spiva, Sr., a former foreign correspondent, and the former Lilla Stewart (1905–1959), operated the Webster Printing Company and the former "Minden Herald" and "Webster Review" newspapers, forerunners of the "Minden Press-Herald". Lilla Spiva managed the papers after her husband's death in 1939 and was herself publisher and society editor of the "Minden Herald" and a member of the Louisiana Press Association. On January 23, 1960, the press association posthumously honored her for her journalistic accomplishments. Spiva's aunt was Mary Amanda Stewart (1903–1994), whom he visited in the Stewart home, later the Farley home, when he returned to his hometown.
Spiva was first married to the former Martha Emily Farrow Brown, and the couple had a daughter, Alizon Farrow Spiva. He then wed the former Laura Lee Dulberger, and the couple had a daughter, Mary Amanda, and a son, Reagan Anthony. He now lives with his third wife, Phyllis Ellen Spiva, and stepdaughter, Danielle. There are four living Spiva children including his stepdaughter, Danielle.
Spiva graduated from the defunct Western Military Academy in Alton in Madison County, Illinois, near St. Louis and then Northwestern University in Evanston, near Chicago. He also studied at the London School of Film Technique. His early free-lance writing was rewarded in the script for the 1965 film "Island of the Lost". In addition to "The Brady Bunch" and "Gentle Ben", Spiva garnered credits for two other ABC series, "The FBI" starring Efrem Zimbalist, Jr., and "Dan August" starring Burt Reynolds.
Here is a list of programs written by Spiva for "The Brady Bunch": 
and for "Gentle Ben":

</doc>
<doc id="19609035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609035" title="Oskyldigt dömd">
Oskyldigt dömd

Oskyldigt dömd is a Swedish drama television series from 2008. The first season was recorded in twelve episodes during February 2008 to be aired later during the fall. It premiered on the Finnish TV channel FST5 on 24 September 2008 and later the same evening on Swedish TV4. The series is produced by Filmlance. On 23 January TV4 announced that Mikael Persbrandt would be playing the main character and on 10 February other cast members were announced; Helena af Sandeberg, Sofia Ledarp, Marie Richardson and Mirja Turestedt. TV4 also announced that they had started to work on the second season before the first had even been aired., the first season was written by Johan Zollitsch, Jan Arnald, Karin Gidfors and Hans Rosenfeldt but the second one is written by Thomas Borgström and Sara Heldt. Filming the second season took place during spring 2009. TV4 refused to say how much money the filming has cost the channel, but they confirms that "a lot of money" has been used.
Plot.
Markus Haglund ("Mikael Persbrandt") is a controversial professor of criminal law. He fights for those who have been convicted innocently. Along with his four law-students Fia Jönsson (Sofia Ledarp), Anna Sjöstedt (Helena af Sandeberg), Belal Al-Mukhtar (Francisco Sobrado) and Roger Andersson (Leonard Terfelt) he helps them. 
At Uppsala University he leads a class called Oskyldigt dömd (innocently convicted).

</doc>
<doc id="19609055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609055" title="South Bay (Livingston Island)">
South Bay (Livingston Island)

South Bay () is a wide bay indenting for the south coast of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica. The bay is lying northwest of False Bay and east of Walker Bay, and is entered between Hannah Point and Miers Bluff.
South Bay was known to both American and British sealers as early as 1820, and the name has been well established in international usage for over 100 years.

</doc>
<doc id="19609056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609056" title="Popsicle (disambiguation)">
Popsicle (disambiguation)

Popsicle is a brand of ice pop.
Popsicle may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19609060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609060" title="Union City (film)">
Union City (film)

Union City is a 1980 American crime mystery film starring Dennis Lipscomb, Deborah Harry and Everett McGill. It was based on the short story "" by Cornell Woolrich and released by The Tuxedo Company and Columbia Pictures on May 17, 1980.
Plot.
Harlan (Lipscomb) is a repressed, uptight accountant living in an apartment block with his beautiful, neglected wife Lillian (Harry). He becomes obsessed with discovering who is drinking from the milk bottles left outside his apartment every morning and devises a series of ever-more complex traps and alarm systems, eventually finding the culprit to be a homeless war veteran (Sam McMurray). The vagrant apologises but the obsessive Harlan attacks him, knocking him down and seemingly cracking his skull. In a panic he hides the body behind the folding bed in another vacant apartment opposite his own.
Harlan's behaviour becomes ever more irrational, driving Lillian away from him and into the arms of building supervisor Larry Longacre (McGill); he believes another deranged resident known as the Contessa (Irina Maleeva) is planning to run away with him and puts potential residents off the room where he hid the vagrant's body with his bizarre behaviour.
However, eventually a young couple of newly-weds, Alphonse (Tony Azito) and Jeanette (Pat Benatar) Flourescu move in. Harlan attempts to dissaude Alphonse from opening the bed but is unsuccessful. Alphonse looks at the bloody but empty bed as a terrified Harlan throws himself through the apartment to his death on the street below. A crowd gathers around his body, watched briefly by the disinterested vagrant, alive with his head bandaged.
Production.
The film co-starred Debbie Harry of Blondie fame. At the time she was cast the group were relatively unknown in their home country but this changed when "Heart of Glass" hit US #1 midway through filming. As director Marcus Reichert would later recall this considerably complicated filming. She was forbidden to sing in the film or on its soundtrack for contractual reasons but her experiences reputedly led to the recording of the Blondie song "Union City Blue". The film also featured a small role for Pat Benatar, a friend of Harry's also soon to make a mainstream breakthrough in the pop charts. Harry's partner and fellow Blondie member Chris Stein performed the film's original score.
The short story written by Woolrich had been set in the 1930s but Reichert relocated it to 1953 as he felt the period fit the material better. He wrote the screenplay in eight days. The move was filmed on location in New York from March 1979. The film was cut by distributors Movielab to get a PG rating; the excised material is believed by Reichert to have been destroyed when the building it was housed in was sold to Arriflex. The film has been released on DVD by Tartan Video and Sony Pictures Home Entertainment.

</doc>
<doc id="19609064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609064" title="Novaculichthys taeniourus">
Novaculichthys taeniourus

Novaculichthys taeniourus (rockmover, dragon, or reindeer wrasse) is a species of wrasse mainly found in coral reefs and lagoons in the Indo-Pacific region. These include habitats in the Gulf of California to Panama; tropical Pacific Ocean islands including Hawaii; the Philippines, Indonesia and Australia; and the Indian Ocean to the east coast of Africa. The common name, "rockmover wrasse", comes from their behavior of upending small stones and reef fragments in search of prey. This species is the only known member of its genus.
Description.
The rockmover wrasse is a colorful fish, in length. It has an oblong, laterally compressed body and a wedge-shaped head. Its head is scaleless except for two scales on the upper part of the gill coverings and an almost vertical row of small scales behind each eye.
Juveniles and adults have markedly different appearances. In juveniles, the first two dorsal fin spines are long and extended, drooping over the fish's forehead to form a "cowlick". As the fish matures, the elongated rays are lost. The adult fish has a dark greenish-brown body with an elongated white spot on each scale. Its head is gray-blue with brown lines radiated from the eyes. Two black spots occur in front of the dorsal fin and a wide vertical white bar is found on the base of the caudal fin. The posterior part of the caudal fin and the pelvic fins are black. Juveniles found in Hawaii are usually green and those in the western Pacific are burgundy to brownish. Both are spotted in white.
The difference in appearance between juvenile and adult "N. taeniourus" is so striking, the common name "rockmover wrasse" is used for adults and "dragon wrasse" is used for juveniles.
Habitat.
Adult fish live on shallow, semiexposed reef flats and in lagoons and seaward reefs to depths of 14–25 m (46–82 ft). They prefer hard-bottomed grassy areas of mixed sand and rubble with exposure to a mild surge. Juveniles favor shallow areas on rubble among large patch reefs or protected open patches on reef crests.
Reproduction.
Although little is known about reproduction of these fish, like other wrasses, they probably are able to change sex and are pelagic spawners, broadcasting eggs and sperm into the water column.
Behavior.
These fish are highly territorial. Large adults, usually in pairs, move over their large section of a reef. One fish turns or shifts large pieces of debris or rubble, grabbing or pulling it with its mouth or pushing it with its snout. When the working member of the pair has revealed the prey, the other fish quickly grabs and eats it. Juveniles do not usually work in pairs, doing all the work themselves. Facing danger, these wrasses quickly dive into the sand for protection. Juveniles resemble algae and mimic the movements of detached, drifting seaweed by swaying back and forth in the currents.
Distribution.
They are widely distributed in tropical Indian Ocean and Pacific Ocean reefs and lagoons.

</doc>
<doc id="19609096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609096" title="Julien Dupuy">
Julien Dupuy

Julien Dupuy born 19 December 1983 is a rugby union player for Stade Français in the Top 14.
Julien Dupuy plays as a Scrum-half.
Julien Dupuy played for Biarritz and Toulouse in the French Top 14 for 7 seasons before joining Leicester Tigers in 2008. It was confirmed in April 2009 that he would remain at Leicester for the 2009-10 Guinness Premiership season, but in June 2009, Leicester coach Richard Cockerill
resigned himself to losing Dupuy to Stade Français. He was only halfway through a two-year deal but has reportedly been unsettled at Leicester because his French girlfriend was homesick. After the end of the season, he left Leicester for Stade Français, where his 2009-10 Top 14 season was ended early by a 24-week ban for contact with the eye or eye area of Stephen Ferris during Stade's loss to Ulster in the 2009-10 Heineken Cup. The ban was reduced to 23 weeks on appeal.
France.
Dupuy made his France debut on 13 June 2009 in the first Test against New Zealand at Carisbrook, Dunedin, a game that France won by 27 points to 22.

</doc>
<doc id="19609099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609099" title="Dobri Chintulov">
Dobri Chintulov

Dobri Petrov Chintulov () (1822 — 27 March 1886) was a Bulgarian poet, teacher and composer of the Bulgarian National Revival period.
Born in the town of Sliven (then in Ottoman Thrace, today in Bulgaria) in September 1822 to the family of a craftsman, Chintulov studied at the Greek school in his hometown. Due to a lack of funds, however, he was forced to drop out and move to Tarnovo, where he worked and visited the local class school in 1838 for around six months. From there he set off to Bucharest, Wallachia, where he studied for a year and a half. Receiving a scholarship from the Russian government, Chintulov moved to Odessa in the Russian Empire in 1840, assisted by his fellow townsman Dimitar Diamandiev, living in Brăila. After a stay of several months in Brăila, Chintulov returned to Sliven in 1850 and worked as a teacher for seven years; he established a cultural centre ("chitalishte"), joined the Bulgarian Church struggle and endorsed the idea of Bulgarian independence. In that period, he wrote a number of patriotic and revolutionary songs and poems, some of which became very popular and renowned as anthems of the revolution.
Provoking the animosity of the Turkophile and Grecoman circles in Sliven who even attempted to assassinate him, Chintulov moved to Yambol in 1858 and worked there as a head teacher until 1861. From 1861 to 1871, he was back to Sliven as a head teacher. In 1871, he moved to Istanbul (Tsarigrad) as Sliven's representative for the creation of the Bulgarian Exarchate's statute. Upon returning to Sliven, he worked as a teacher once again for three years, but had to quit due to problems with his sight.
Although ill and half-blind, Chintulov was among those who welcomed the liberating Russian forces in Sliven during the Russo-Turkish War of 1877–1878 on 17 November and held a speech. Receiving a pension until the end of his life, Chintulov died in Sliven on 27 March 1886, disappointed with the post-Liberation reality.
Chintulov's poetic legacy is not large in numbers, as only around 20 of his poems have survived: he had to burn his manuscripts twice. Only three of his songs have been published, but his works had a tremendous influence on the Bulgarian youth of the time and are still well known as classic Bulgarian revolutionary music. Three of his best known works are "Rise Up, Rise Up, Balkan Hero", "The Wind is Resounding, the Mountain is Moaning", and "Where are you, Faithful Love of the People?".
Honours.
Chintulov Ridge on Oscar II Coast in Graham Land, Antarctica is named after Dobri Chintulov.

</doc>
<doc id="19609127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609127" title="Riverview Park &amp; Zoo">
Riverview Park &amp; Zoo

The Riverview Park & Zoo is a zoo located in Peterborough, Ontario, Canada. The Zoo is owned by the Municipality of Peterborough and operated and maintained by the Peterborough Utilities Group. In addition to its animal exhibits, the zoo features a miniature train ride, a F-86 Sabre fighter aircraft on display and the park contains a disc golf course. Admission and parking is free.
Animals at the Zoo.
Opened in 1998, the primate house is home to approximately 20 monkeys, reptiles and birds, and was

</doc>
<doc id="19609149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609149" title="Annihilation of Civilization">
Annihilation of Civilization

Annihilation of Civilization is the debut album from Evildead, a thrash metal band originating from California, United States. It was released on April 3, 1989 on Steamhammer Records, and was followed up by the EP, "Rise Above", released some months later. It is the album that broke Evildead into the thrash metal mainstream, with single "Annihilation of Civilization", which featured a music video and it received airplay on MTV's Headbangers Ball.
This was the only Evildead album to feature Albert Gonzales on guitar, Mel Sánchez on bass (though he came back during their final years from 1993-1995 before returning full-time when they reunited in 2008) and Rob Alaniz on drums.
The track "F.C.I. / The Awakening" contains an audio excerpt from the horror film "The Evil Dead", the same film the band took their name from.

</doc>
<doc id="19609159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609159" title="Pleasure (disambiguation)">
Pleasure (disambiguation)

Pleasure is an experience of happiness, entertainment, enjoyment, ecstasy, or euphoria.
Pleasure may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19609170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609170" title="Raquel! (TV program)">
Raquel! (TV program)

Raquel! was an April 26, 1970 CBS television special starring Raquel Welch, Tom Jones, Bob Hope and John Wayne executive produced, directed and choreographed by David Winters produced by Winters' company Winters-Rosen for CBS-TV, originally co-sponsored by Coca-Cola and Motorola. On the day of the premiere, the show received a 51% share on the National ARB Ratings and an impressive Overnight New York Nielsen Rating of 58% share.
The Production.
"Raquel!" was filmed in London, Paris, Acapulco, Mexico City, Yucatan, Big Sur, and Los Angeles and featured lavish production numbers. It marked Welch's debut special on television. Together Welch and Jones combined musical and comedic talents on classic rock 'n' roll standards of the era. During the opening montage there was a scene in which Raquel in her space bikini, appeared to be with space men.
The special, considered by some to be a classic '70s timepiece, unites pop-culture icons in their prime. The multi million-dollar, TV song & dance extravaganza was filmed around the world - from Paris to Mexico. Lavish production numbers of classic songs from the era, extravagant Bob Mackie -designed costumes and notable guest performances. Tom Jones was nearly a co-star, as he sang the long medley of Little Richard and Beatles songs with Raquel, but not before he opened the set with a solo. Even Bob Hope sang a duet, the Beatles' "Rocky Raccoon".
The DVD Release.
The home video of the special was released by V.I.E.W. in 1998. It is very light on special features. Included are a three page biography of Welch, a single screen biography of Jones and a Welch photo gallery consisting of scenes from the special, and voiceover from the special. Unlike other vintage TV specials on DVD, no commentary track was present.
Guest stars.
Guest stars John Wayne and Bob Hope in the Wild West only added to the largeness of the production..
Music Listing.
Fourteen songs from the era are featured, although many are in the form of medley. Welch and friends sang songs by the Beatles, Little Richard, The Mamas & the Papas and many others. The oldest was not much older than five years from original release.

</doc>
<doc id="19609172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609172" title="False Bay (Livingston Island)">
False Bay (Livingston Island)

False Bay () is a bay long, which lies between Barnard Point and Miers Bluff on the south side of Livingston Island, in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica. It was probably first entered and charted by Captain Nathaniel Palmer in November 1820, and was likely named because of the possibility in thick weather of confusion between this feature and nearby South Bay, where Johnsons Dock was frequented by the early sealers.

</doc>
<doc id="19609175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609175" title="Short-faced bear">
Short-faced bear

The short-faced bear ("Arctodus spp.") is an extinct bear that inhabited North America during the Pleistocene epoch, from about 1.8 Mya until 11,000 years ago. It was the most common of early North American bears, being most abundant in California. There are two recognized species, "Arctodus pristinus" and "Arctodus simus", with the later being considered one of the largest terrestrial mammalian carnivores known. 
Naming and etymology.
The name short-faced bear derives from the shape of their skulls which appears to have a proportionally short snout compared to other bears, a characteristic also shared by its extant relative the spectacled bear, however, this is an optical illusion caused by their deep snouts and short nasal regions. The scientific name of the genus, "Arctodus", derives from the Greek language and means "bear tooth". 
Taxonomy, classification and evolution.
The short-faced bear belongs to a group of bears known as the Tremarctinae, which appeared in the the Americas during the earliest parts of the late Miocene epoch in the form of "Plionarctos", a genus considered ancestral to "Arctodus", "Arctotherium" and the modern spectacled bear ("Tremarctos ornatus") Although the early history of "Arctodus" is poorly known, it evidently became widespread in North America by the Kansan age about 800,000 years ago. 
Species.
Arctodus simus first appeared during the middle Pleistocene in North America, about 800,000 years ago, ranging from Alaska to Mississippi,
Rochester on west of Nyona Lake on Chet Williams' farm. It has become well-known in scientific circles 
because it was the biggest most-nearly complete skeleton of a Giant Short-faced Bear found in America. The 
original bones are in the Field Museum, Chicago. The new Indiana State Museum, Indianapolis, and the Yukon 
Beringia Interpretive Centre, Whitehorse, Yukon Territory, Canada, have casts made of the bones. In a recent study, the mass of six specimens was estimated, one-third of them weighed about , the largest being UVP 015 at , suggesting specimens that big were probably more common than previously thought.
Arctodus pristinus inhabited more southern areas from northern Texas to New Jersey in the east, Aguascalientes, Mexico to the southwest, and with large concentrations in Florida, the oldest from the Santa Fe River 1 site of Gilchrist County, Florida paleontological sites.
Dietary habits.
Researchers disagree on the diet of "Arctodus". Analysis of their bones showed high concentrations of nitrogen-15, a stable nitrogen isotope accumulated by meat-eaters, with no evidence of ingestion of vegetation. Based on this evidence, "A. simus" was highly carnivorous and as an adult would have required of flesh per day to survive.
One theory of its predatory habits envisages "A. simus" as a brutish predator that overwhelmed the large mammals of the Pleistocene with its great physical strength. However, despite being very large, its limbs were too gracile for such an attack strategy. Alternatively, long legs and speed () may have allowed it to run down Pleistocene herbivores such as steppe horses and saiga antelopes in a cheetah-like fashion. However, in this scenario, the bear’s sheer physical mass would be a handicap. "Arctodus" skeletons do not articulate in a way that would have allowed for quick turns, an ability required of any predator that survives by killing agile prey. Paul Matheus, paleontologist at the University of Alaska Fairbanks, determined that "Arctodus"' moved in a pacing motion like a camel, horse, and modern bears, making it built more for endurance than for great speed. "A. simus", according to these arguments, was ill-equipped to be an active predator, leading some to conclude it was a kleptoparasite, using its enormous size to intimidate smaller predators, such as dire wolves, "Smilodon", and American lions, from their kills.
Some authors also suggest the giant short-faced bear and the cave bear were omnivores like most modern bears, and the former did eat plants depending on availability.

</doc>
<doc id="19609177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609177" title="Ezra Orion">
Ezra Orion

Ezra Orion (born 1934) is an Israeli artist who was born in Kibbutz Beit-Alfa and grew up in Kibutz Ramat-Yohanan. 
Biography.
He attended the Bezalel Academy of Art and Design in Jerusalem, and from 1964 to 1967, he attended the Central Saint Martins College of Art and Design and the Royal College of Art in London. 
Orion describes his geologic structures as “launching pads” for the mind. In the late 1980s, he executed an "Intergalactic Sculpture" by sending a Laser beam to the Milky Way under the auspices of the Israeli Space Agency and the Israel Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="19609183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609183" title="Copley Society of Art">
Copley Society of Art

The Copley Society of art is America's oldest non-profit art association. It was founded in 1879 by the first graduating class of the School of the Museum of Fine Arts and continues to play an important role in promoting its member artists and the visual arts in Boston. The Society is named after the renowned John Singleton Copley. The gallery currently represents over 400 living artist members, ranging in experience from students to nationally recognized artists and in style from traditional and academic realists to contemporary and abstract painters, photographers, sculptors, and printmakers. Several of the artists working in the tradition of the Boston School of painters exhibit at the Copley Society of Art, along with Guild Of Boston Artists a few doors down from the Copley Society of Art's Newbury Street location.
The gallery hosts between 15 and 20 exhibitions each year, including solo exhibitions, thematic group shows, juried competitions, and fundraising events. 
The most well known of these events is the annual "Fresh Paint" auction. Several artist members are chosen by the gallery to spend one day together painting outside in the city. The paintings are brought back to the gallery wet, placed directly into frames and mounted on the walls for sale through silent auction. The final night of the week-long event, A few selected pieces are included in a live auction. Although usual commission split for the gallery is 60 percent to the artist and 40 percent to the Copley Society, for this event the artists are required to donate 50 percent of the sale, and encouraged to donate up to 100 percent of the selling price to the non-profit organization. 
The Copley Society has helped establish the careers of many of Boston's prominent full-time professional fine artists. 

</doc>
<doc id="19609214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609214" title="Helheim Glacier">
Helheim Glacier

Helheim Glacier is one of Greenland's largest outlet glaciers. It accelerated from per year in 2000 to per year in 2005. Like many of Greenland's outlet glaciers it is the site of glacial earthquakes. It's named after the world of the dead in Norse Mythology.

</doc>
<doc id="19609222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609222" title="Average Betty">
Average Betty

Average Betty is a short-format, food entertainment web series written, produced, and performed by Sara O'Donnell. The web series debuted on iTunes in August 2006 as an innovative blend of cooking and campy comedy sketches. The unique format caused some people to question if Average Betty was even a cooking show at all. The show attracted millions of viewers and it received accolades from both new and traditional media, including Fox News, Yahoo!, and the food editors at the Los Angeles Times, and The Tampa Tribune. 
The Food Editor at The Tampa Tribune, published a full-page article featuring sixteen color photos, "Bye-Bye, Betty Crocker Hello Average Betty," in the Flavor Section. A preview of the article, “Betty Has A Recipe For Web Success,” made the front page of The Tampa Tribune. In October 2007 Average Betty made the Los Angeles KTTV-Fox 11 10 o’clock news in a story called Average Betty Heating up the Internet! In November 2007, Average Betty again made the Fox 10 o’clock news, this time in her hometown of Tampa Bay, Florida. In December, 2007, iTunes named Average Betty a “Best of 2007 Podcast.”
The show has evolved beyond its campy comedy sketch origins. It now includes creative recipes, cooking demonstrations, and interviews with celebrity chef's such as Michael Chiarello, Ming Tsai, and Stephanie Izard. Adam Gropman, of LA Weekly, describes O'Donnell as "an Internet phenomenon, a self-created culinary personality finding an audience without the benefit of a book deal, magazines or a TV show."
In 2011, O'Donnell became one of 16 YouTube cooking channels selected for the first class of YouTube Next Chefs, which included $10,000 of grant money, $5,000 of equipment, and expert tutoring from Google/YouTube. The program is intended to focus attention on up-and-coming food vloggers. AverageBetty's web traffic increased significantly as a result, averaging 75,000 to 100,000 monthly views on YouTube.

</doc>
<doc id="19609227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609227" title="USS Zigzag (SP-106)">
USS Zigzag (SP-106)

USS "Zigzag" (SP-106) was an armed motorboat that served in the United States Navy as a patrol vessel from 1917 to 1919.
"Zigzag" was a wooden-hulled motorboat completed in May 1916 by the A. E. Luders Construction Company of Stamford, Connecticut. She was acquired by the U.S. Navy from T. J. Backman of Bradenton, Florida, for service in World War I, and was delivered to the navy on 27 June 1917. Assigned the classification SP-106, USS "Zigzag" was placed in commission on 8 August 1917.
Assigned to the 7th Naval District, "Zigzag" operated on local section patrol duties for the duration of World War I and probably until the cessation of all defensive patrols on 24 November 1918.
"Zigzag" subsequently was anchored in the North Beach Basin, Key West, Florida, awaiting disposition, when a hurricane battered the Florida Keys on 9 September 1919 and swept through the yacht basin. On 10 September 1919, eight section patrol (SP) boats, including "Zigzag", were found dashed to pieces on the seawall. Salvage crews later hauled the tangled wreckage from the water and burned it, retaining only the machinery to survey for future disposal.
"Zigzag" was struck from the Navy List on 4 October 1919.

</doc>
<doc id="19609235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609235" title="Oussama Sellami">
Oussama Sellami

Oussama Sellami (born June 22, 1979 in Tunis) is a Tunisian football player who, as of 2013, is playing for Stade Tunisien.
He made his international debut for Tunisia on 15 November 2000 against Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="19609247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609247" title="Fork Creek Wildlife Management Area">
Fork Creek Wildlife Management Area

The former Fork Creek Wildlife Management Area was located on in Boone County near Nellis, West Virginia. The steep terrain and narrow valleys are mostly covered with second-growth mixed hardwoods.
Originally established in 1960 with a lease from Armco Steel, the land was subsequently purchased by Island Creek Coal. The WMA closed on July 31, 2008 as a result of mining in the area that severed the access road into the area.
Hunting and fishing.
Fishing opportunities were limited by the small size of the stream. Available hunting included deer, fox, grouse, squirrel, turkey and raccoon.

</doc>
<doc id="19609250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609250" title="São Paulo WCT">
São Paulo WCT

The Sao Paulo WCT was a men's tennis tournament played in Sao Paulo, Brazil from 1974-1976. The event was part of the WCT Tour and was held on indoor carpet courts.

</doc>
<doc id="19609264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609264" title="Bernard Mariette">
Bernard Mariette

Bernard Mariette is a socially-minded businessman, President CEO & CBO of Coalision Inc. Founded in 1989, Coalision is a Canadian company who oversees a variety of Outdoor and Wellness brands, including Lolë and Paradox.
Bernard was formerly the President of Quiksilver Inc, a sport-related equipment and apparel manufacturer during 15 years. 
Educated at Montpellier University in France, he also holds an MBA from the University of Bradford in the UK. Married, he has three children, his youngest son was born in 2004.
Passionate about all summer and winter outdoors sports, in particular hiking, Bernard climb in 2011 the Kilimanjaro.
Work and career.
Bernard began his career as a Financial controller at Marks & Spencer Europe then moved to l'Oréal and Timberland France & Spain as a General manager. However he spent most of his time with Quiksilver as a President, since 2009, he is the new Coalision's President & CEO.
Quiksilver (1994-2008).
Quiksilver is the world's largest manufacturer of surfwear and other boardsport-related equipment. Bernard has been credited for the strong company’s growth & success as well as the triumph of the brand Roxy.
He joined Quiksilver Inc. - first as Vice-President Europe (1994-1999) then as President Europe (1999-2005). During this time sales went from 40M$ to 600M$. He became the global President of Quiksilver Inc. (based in south California) from 2001 to 2008, sales grew from 620M$ to 2.3B$. In 1994, Quiksilver had less than a handful stand-alone store, by 2007 the network counted over 600 stores.
Under Mariette’s leadership, Quiksilver also acquired DC shoes, Cleveland Golf and Skis Rossignol. Bernard Mariette would resign from Quiksilver after 15 years of service in 2008 after internal disagreement regarding the previous Rossignol acquisition.
Coalision (2009-Present).
Based in Montréal, Coalision is Canada’s leading active, outdoor apparel company. Coalision has developed brands in two key segments of the fast growing active lifestyle industry. 
Lolë, a technical, fashion forward brand inspired by wellness for active women; and Paradox, a high performance base-layer and outdoor clothing. Coalision’s products are sold throughout North America, Europe and Asia.
In 2009 Bernard was made President & CEO and became along with his fund Pelican a shareholder of Coalision in order to pursue the international and retail development. Among Pelican the board of directors of Coalision count Kilmer Capital, as well as the founders remain as minority stockholders.
Since he arrived at Coalision with a clear vision and plan in 2009, sales increased by 50% for the group and doubled for Lolë. More than a company, Coalision spreads today a strong culture of sharing and wellbeing through the brands. Bernard’s management style combines vision with leadership and he firmly believes in doing business while doing good for the community.
In 2010, he launched the first Lolë Atelier, founded on his vision of transforming traditional retail into social retail. Reaching out by making connections and developing community relationships. It is an extension of the Lolë lifestyle. It is a meeting place where people can do much more than shop.
Management style.
Bernard Mariette’s management style combines vision with leadership and he firmly believes in doing business while doing good for the community.
He has introduced this new business model to the group Coalision, led two TED conferences on the theme and has been invited to talk about this new model on Bloomberg TV, in Forbes Magazine, Reuters, Paris Match, Huffington Post and many more.
Following this philosophy, Bernard created in 2011 the LOLË YELLOW LABEL Program. Objective: Fighting waste and extend clothing usage value through an environmental & social responsible initiative.
Recognition.
In 2007, Christine Lagarde (French minister of Commerce and Industry, currently IMF president) presented Bernard with the National Medal of Merit.
Investment.
Pelican investment funds LP is a Canadian private equity fund controlled by Bernard Mariette.
Founded in 2011 the fund is specialized and focus towards sports, lifestyle and apparels industry. It’s composed of about 20 shareholders.

</doc>
<doc id="19609268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609268" title="Columbia University Department of Philosophy">
Columbia University Department of Philosophy

The Columbia University Department of Philosophy is ranked 11th in the US and 12th in the English-speaking world, in the 2011 ranking of philosophy departments by "The Philosophical Gourmet Report" (it was ranked 13th and 14th in the previous 2009 ranking). It has particular strengths in logic, philosophy of mind, philosophy of law, philosophy of biology, general philosophy of science, philosophy of social sciences, philosophy of physics, 17th-century early modern philosophy, and 19th- and 20th-century continental philosophy.
The department is distinguished by its being prone to promote philosophical domains not considered as "mainstream" in other philosophy departments. Not only does it offer advanced research in the wide range of subjects in analytical philosophy but it also has particular strengths in the history of Western philosophy. It also benefits from the presence or activity nearby of other departments' faculty such as Souleymane Bachir Diagne from French and Romance Philology, Joseph Raz and R. Kent Greenawalt from Law School, or Jon Elster from Political Science. Many cross-registered courses allow students to enlarge their scopes in other departments.
The philosophy departments of City University of New York, which is a few blocks away, and New York University have close relations with the faculty. Enrolled graduate students are able to take courses offered at these universities. The Graduate School is also a member of the Inter-University Doctoral Consortium (IUDC) which provides for cross-registration among member institutions. Participating schools are CUNY Graduate Center, Fordham University, New School for Social Research, New York University (including the Institute of Fine Arts), Princeton University, Rutgers University, and Stony Brook University.
Every year Columbia University and NYU philosophy graduate students organize the "Annual NYU/Columbia Graduate Student Philosophy Conference".
Columbia University is also the home of the "Journal of Philosophy".

</doc>
<doc id="19609280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609280" title="Jhongli Station">
Jhongli Station

Jhongli Station might refer to following railway stations in Taiwan:

</doc>
<doc id="19609282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609282" title="Brunow Bay">
Brunow Bay

Brunow Bay is a 2.33 km wide bay indenting for 1.5 km the southeast side of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica. The bay is entered between Samuel Point and Vazov Point, and has its northwestern coast formed by the terminus of Macy Glacier.
The feature is named by the UK-APC in 1958 for Benjamin J. Brunow, Master of the schooner "Henry", one of James Byers’ fleet of American sealers from New York which visited the South Shetland Islands in 1820-21, operating from Yankee Harbor in nearby Greenwich Island.
Location.
The bay's midpoint is located at (British mapping in 1968, Bulgarian in 2005 and 2009).

</doc>
<doc id="19609288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609288" title="Tenchijin">
Tenchijin

Production began on April 27, 2007. The story is based on the novel "Tenchijin" by Masashi Hisaka and was adapted for screen by scriptwriter Eriko Komatsu. The series' music composer was Michiru Oshima.
The protagonist of the drama, Naoe Kanetsugu, was taught by Uesugi Kenshin in his youth that to conquer the world is a trifling matter, but what matters is to live one's life with righteousness. After Uesugi's death, Naoe supports Uesugi Kagekatsu, who holds the destiny of Echigo province.
External links.
< Atsuhime | Taiga drama | Ryōmaden >

</doc>
<doc id="19609290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609290" title="Deni Gaisumov">
Deni Gaisumov

Deni Khasanovich Gaisumov (born 6 February 1968 in Shali) is a Chechen retired footballer.
Career.
He was the captain of FC Terek Grozny one of only four Chechens and was named the division's best defender last season 2003 [http://www.iwpr.net/?p=crs&s=f&o=161122&apc_state=henicrs2003].
Privates.
He holds Russian and Azerbaijan citizenship.

</doc>
<doc id="19609298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609298" title="A Aa E Ee (2009 Tamil film)">
A Aa E Ee (2009 Tamil film)

A Aa E Ee is a 2009 Indian Tamil-language film that stars Navdeep, Aravind Akash, Monica and Saranya Mohan in the lead roles, whilst, supporting actors Prabhu, Cochin Haneefa, Livingston, Manorama and Ganja Karuppu play other prominent roles. Directed by Sabapathy, and produced by the oldest Tamil film production company, AVM Productions, the film released on 9 January 2009. The film is a remake of Telugu hit "Chandamama" with Navdeep enacting the same role.
Plot.
Subramaniam (Prabhu), an Ayurvedic physician is a much respected man in his village. His only daughter Anita (Monica) returns home from Chennai after completing a course in fashion designing. Having lost her mother at a very young age, Anita is close to her father and they share a special bond. Soon Anita’s marriage is fixed with Ilango (Arvind), son of Vedachalam (Haneefa).
While Vedachalam is a good-for-nothing chap, his son is a perfect match. Illango falls in love with Anita. But Anita tells him of her past: her lover Akash (Navdeep) who had jilted her after a one night stand. Illango, though shattered meets Akash and tries to unite him with Anita.
In this attempt, he finds himself falling in love with Anita’s cousin, Eshwari (Saranya Mohan). Now the story is about uniting the two pairs of lovers. Anita does not want to hurt her father with the knowledge of her past.

</doc>
<doc id="19609302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609302" title="Full Throttle (arcade game)">
Full Throttle (arcade game)

Full Throttle (also known as "Top Speed") is a one-player racing arcade game made by Taito in 1987. It is very similar in style to the "Out Run" games in that it features a fast, red car hurtling through the U.S. countryside.

</doc>
<doc id="19609309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609309" title="Alexei Petrenko">
Alexei Petrenko

Alyeksyey Vasil’yevich Pyetryenko () (born March 26, 1938, a village of Chemer, Chernihiv Oblast, Ukraine) is a Soviet / Russian film and stage actor. He played Joseph Stalin in the BBC Two documentary "".

</doc>
<doc id="19609332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609332" title="Lloyd Goffe">
Lloyd Goffe

Lloyd Goffe (born 30 January 1913 in Reading - died 1984) was a British motorcycle speedway rider.
Goffe began his racing career in 1934 at the sand track in the resort of California near Wokingham, riding for prize money. He then concentrated on grasstrack racing, winning the South of England Grass Track Championship at Basingstoke in 1936. He bought a 500cc Rudge bike from "Froggy" French in 1936, which he used in his early speedway rides, impressing sufficiently to receive offers from both Hackney Wick Wolves and the Johnny Hoskins-managed West Ham Hammers, signing for the latter in 1937. He had a brief spell with the Leicester Hounds team, riding in three matches in 1937 before the club withdrew from the Provincial League.
His performances progressed after transferring to the Harringay Tigers later that season, staying with the team until the outbreak of World War II. During the war, he served as a fitter in the Royal Air Force.
After the end of the war, Goffe joined the Wimbledon Dons in 1946. His riding style led to him being nicknamed "Cowboy". In 1948 Goffe rejoined Harringay (now the 'Racers') for a 1,350 transfer fee, where he won the Anniversary Cup in 1949 and by 1950 his career completed a full circle when he rejoined West Ham.
In 1951 he rode for Bradford, and started the 1952 season there before he joined the St Austell Gulls.

</doc>
<doc id="19609335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609335" title="Bishop of Samogitia">
Bishop of Samogitia

Bishops of Samogitia, Samogitian diocese (now a part of Lithuania) from 1417 to 1926.
The seat of the diocese was in Varniai/Medininkai until 1864, when it was moved to Kaunas. It was liquidated in 1926 by Pope Pius XI when the archdiocese of Kaunas was created.

</doc>
<doc id="19609349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609349" title="Narvik Sirkhayev">
Narvik Sirkhayev

Narvik Zagidinovich Sirkhayev (; born March 16, 1974) is an Lezgi football coach and a former player. As of April 2011, he works as a coach youth team with FC Lokomotiv-2 Moscow. He also holds Russian citizenship.

</doc>
<doc id="19609364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609364" title="Q-Charlier polynomials">
Q-Charlier polynomials

In mathematics, the "q"-Charlier polynomials are a family of basic hypergeometric orthogonal polynomials in the basic Askey scheme. give a detailed list of their properties.
Definition.
The q-Charlier polynomials are given in terms of the basic hypergeometric function by

</doc>
<doc id="19609372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609372" title="Harvester42">
Harvester42

The Harvester42 is a meta search engine project hosted at KIT Karlsruhe Institute of Technology. <br>
Harvester42 queries over 30 major search engines in parallel and presents a large result page with the individual search engine results. The name "Harvester42" originates from the Bioinformatic Harvester project, a meta search engine for genes and proteins from several species. Harvester42 is based on the same method integrating several distributed data sources.
Introduction.
Currently no search engine covers the entire internet. Often a search across several search 
engines is more successful than a single search engine search. Meta search engines usually 
integrate several search engines with complementing indices. Harvester42 covers popularity based 
search engines (Google), proprietary search algorithms (cuil), open source search engines (YaCY), 
product search engines (Directindustry, Google products), Video search (YouTube) and powerful 
meta search engines (Polymeta, Allplus, Mamma).
Harvester42 technical details.
All search results are presented in so-called iframes without any modification of the 
original search engine result. Each iframe can be manipulated individually.

</doc>
<doc id="19609378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609378" title="PC Connection">
PC Connection

PC Connection, Inc. is a Fortune 1000 information technology company headquartered in Merrimack, New Hampshire. PC Connection, Inc. is a direct marketer of a wide range of information technology products and services, including computer systems, software and peripheral equipment, networking communications, system configuration, and repair. It has more than 1,900 employees and sells more than 300,000 products.
The company serves business, government, and education markets through its three subsidiaries: PC Connection Sales Corporation, MoreDirect, Inc., and GovConnection, Inc. 
Early history.
PC Connection, Inc. was founded in 1982 by Patricia Gallup and David Hall. The co-founders met while serving as a support crew to hikers on the Appalachian Trail.
The company’s first headquarters occupied a former woodworking mill in Marlow, NH. To launch their business, Gallup and Hall used Gallup’s savings of $8,000 to purchase inventory and take out a 1/9th-page ad in Byte magazine.
In 1987, PC Connection was named to the Inc. 500 as the second fastest growing company in the United States.
In March of 1998, the company completed its Initial Public Offering on the NASDAQ exchange under the symbol PCCC.
Locations.
In addition to its corporate headquarters in Merrimack, NH, PC Connection, Inc. has sales and support offices in Keene and Portsmouth, New Hampshire; Marlborough, Massachusetts; Rockville, Maryland; Dakota Dunes, South Dakota; Boca Raton, Florida; and Itasca, Illinois. The company operates a 205,000-square-foot distribution and fulfillment complex, equipped with an ISO 9001 certified technical configuration lab, in Wilmington, Ohio.
Acquisitions.
In 1999, PC Connection purchased ComTeq Federal, a Maryland-based company serving the computing needs of federal government agencies, including the Navy, Federal Deposit Insurance Corp, the National Security Agency, and Internal Revenue Service. Renamed GovConnection, Inc., the subsidiary serves all government and education customers.
In January 2000, PC Connection announced the agreement to acquire Merisel Inc. in alliance with its initiative to add infrastructure. 
In 2002, PC Connection acquired MoreDirect, a Florida-based IT solutions provider specializing in Web-based eProcurement.
In 2005, PC Connection purchased the business and selected assets of Amherst Technologies, Inc., a New Hampshire-based IT provider.
In 2011, PC Connection acquired ValCom Technologies, a technology services company in the Chicago metropolitan area.
ValCom.
PC Connection purchased ValCom, an Itasca, Illinois based technology solutions company founded in 1983, in 2011. ValCom sells an IT Service Management and Project Management software suite named WebSPOC, IT services, and Strategic sourcing. Its five business units are Product, Security, Staffing, Professional Services and IT Service Management. ValCom's Security offerings range from digital forensics and security health checks to regulatory compliance, SOX, GLBA and HIPAA. ValCom is a PCI DSS Qualified Security Assessor (QSA) as recognized by the PCI Security Standards Council. One of ValCom's chief security solution architects is John Chirillo, author of the Hack Attacks series of books. Related to Chirillo's work, ValCom's security slogan is: "We didn't just write the book on security, we wrote the Library." ValCom's staffing division specializes in IT staffing for special projects and contract-to-hire staffing. Its professional services include desktop management, managed services, infrastructure, storage, network, and server management, special projects and service desk offerings comprise the Professional Services division. Its IT service management business includes business process analysis, ITIL best practices, and project management, six sigma, lean six sigma and other governance and compliance solutions makeup the IT service management business unit of ValCom. This division includes the WebSPOC software solution, which is PinkVERIFY certified for ITIL best practices by Pink Elephant.
In 2005, ValCom licensed its web-based tool, WebSPOC, and offered it with SaaS, hosted, or licensing options. ValCom's Security division earned PCI certification, in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19609379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609379" title="1952 World Figure Skating Championships">
1952 World Figure Skating Championships

The World Figure Skating Championships is an annual figure skating competition sanctioned by the International Skating Union in which figure skaters compete for the title of World Champion. 
The 1952 competitions for men, ladies, pairs and ice dancing took place February 27th to March 1st, 1952 in Paris, France. The World Championships in Ice Dancing were the first of its kind.
Results.
Men.
Judges were
Ladies.
Judges were
Pairs.
Judges were
Ice Dancing.
Judges were

</doc>
<doc id="19609389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609389" title="Isle of Wight Festival 2003">
Isle of Wight Festival 2003

The Isle of Wight Festival 2003 was the second revived Isle of Wight Festival to take place on the Seaclose Park site in Newport on the Isle of Wight. It was the first to take place on the second weekend in June, which would be then set as the Festival's annual date.
A follow up to Rock Island 2002, the event was taken over by promoters 'Solo' and was thus the first curated by John Giddings. Camping facilities near the site were increased, available from Thursday to Monday. Attendance was around 14,000.
Line-up.
Main Stage.
Starsailor was the first band to return to the revived festival. They would appear again in 2005 and 2008.
Weekend Tickets cost £50.

</doc>
<doc id="19609392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609392" title="Sergei Garmash">
Sergei Garmash

Sergei Leonidovich Garmash or Serhiy Leonidovych Harmash PAR (, ) (b. September 1, 1958, Kherson, Ukraine) is a Soviet and Russian film and stage actor of Ukrainian origin. He is a People's Artist of Russia. In 2013 he was a member of the jury at the 35th Moscow International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="19609398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609398" title="Calgary General Hospital">
Calgary General Hospital

Calgary General Hospital was the name given to a series of medical facilities in the city of Calgary.
Acute Care facility.
Calgary General Hospital #4 became the oldest hospital located in the city of Calgary by the time of its demolition in 1998. The facility was known in its later history as the Bow Valley Centre of the Calgary General Hospital after it was merged with the Peter Lougheed Centre, developing into a 960-bed hospital providing a wide array of in-patient and out-patient services. The facility was located in the community of Bridgeland in northeast Calgary, situated minutes away from Calgary City Centre.
Demolition.
The Calgary General Hospital was demolished as a result of provincial government policy in the mid-1990s, and its services transferred to the nearby Peter Lougheed Centre. The demolition was controversial in the wake of continued health care demands in Calgary. Proponents of the demolition argued that the facility was aged and unable to provide efficient service for the money required to operate it, "(b)ut the decision left Calgary without an emergency department downtown and destroyed a "state of the art" facility that would (10 years later) be very much in demand". 

</doc>
<doc id="19609415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609415" title="Pirro Cuniberti">
Pirro Cuniberti

Pier Achille (Pirro) Cuniberti (born Padulle di Sala Bolognese, September 10, 1923) is an Italian artist. He was born on September 10, 1923 near Bologna, Italy. His father, Emilio (1890–1962) the youngest of five children, emigrated to the United States in 1911 and returned to Italy in 1915 to fight as a volunteer in the First World War. His Mother Zaira Monari (1902–1992) worked at embroidery, and plays the piano.
After high school, in February 1943 Pirro Cuniberti received his draft notice and is sent to the 2nd Grenadier Regiment of Sardinia; fate will also intervene in the tragic days defending Rome. On the evening of September 10, the military stronghold where Cuniberti is a telephone operator was attacked and his soldiers were killed, captured or scattered. He reached Bologna five days later. In June of the same year he was accepted at the Fine Arts Academy of Bologna. In February 1944 he was called for service again and assigned to Germany to train in the Black Forest, where he happens upon a print reproduction of "a small room with a bed, a small table and two straw chairs". he later commented:"I was struck by the simplicity of that 'sketched painting'. I often went back to look at that print which had these words written on it: Vincent van Gogh, Chambre d'Arles, 1989." At the end of the war, research into the "unknown" Van Gogh lead him to the extraordinary world of modern art.
In 1945 he was accepted in Academy of Fine Arts in Bologna. A student of Giorgio Morandi and Giovanni Romagnoli, he graduated in 1948. 1948 is also the year of the first post war Venice Biennale, where he finally saw Van Gogh's Chambre d'Arles and discovered Paul Klee, who become, from that moment on, the reference for his concept of form as infinite creative genesis and meets for the first time the works by Mark Rothko, Max Ernst and Henry Moore. He made many drawings, pastels, tempera on paper, and small oil paintings. In those years he worked to make a living with the Mingozzi advertising studio and with the publicity department of Ducati (motorbike, radio and photography). From the early 1950s he worked with Dino Gavina on graphic design and displays for trade fairs. He designed and makes chairs, lamps, objects and decorates plates in enameled iron. In 1952 he started making drawings with ballpoint pen on typing paper. Careful studies of animals and insects with exaggerated forms, achieve abstraction. In March 1953 he became a Professor in the Drawing department of the Bologna Art School, subsequently he directed the ceramic department. He left teaching in 1978 embittered by the state of chaos prevailing in Italian schools. He married Lalla in 1955 and in December 1956, presented by Francesco Arcangeli, he inaugurated his first solo exhibition at Circolo di Cultura in Bologna. From then on his work has been showed all over Italy, with a few appearances outside. Like Giorgio Morandi he never left Bologna. In 1972, Enzo Biagi, director of the newspaper "Il Resto del Carlino" invited him to oversee the graphic layout of their publication.
Cuniberti's work, bred on a sensible, constant diet of drawing, favored small-scale works and was divided into consecutive painterly periods that culminate with his very personal works started in 1979 on masonite panels, which are rendered in acrylic over a brushed acrylic base, initially accompanied by pastels and graphite.
In 1984 he worked with Stefano Benni in illustratin the book "I meravigliosi animali di Stranalandia" (Feltrinelli, Milan, Italy).

</doc>
<doc id="19609423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609423" title="Rock Island 2002">
Rock Island 2002

Rock Island was the first revived Isle of Wight Festival to take place on the Seaclose Park site in Newport on the Isle of Wight. It was a one-day event held on 3 June 2002. The event had a capacity of 22,000, however only around 8 to 10,000 attended. Local band Neglected Youth won the right to open the concert in a recent talent contest, a tradition that would be continued throughout subsequent years of the festival. Limited camping facilities were also made available on fields nearby.
It is notable that this Festival took place on the same day as the Party at the Palace.
Line-up.
Main Stage.
Day tickets cost £35.

</doc>
<doc id="19609424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609424" title="Tasmina Perry">
Tasmina Perry

Tasmina Perry is an internationally best-selling British novelist. Her novels to date are "Daddy's Girls", "Gold Diggers", "Guilty Pleasures", "Original Sin", "Kiss Heaven Goodbye", "Private Lives" and "Perfect Strangers", all of which have been Sunday Times best-sellers and have been published in 17 countries. Perry is also an award-winning journalist and magazine editor and she edits a daily blog, tasminaperry.com, writing about travel and style and the places that inspire her novels. 
Writing Career.
A trained lawyer, Perry switched to the world of women’s magazines in the mid-nineties. She won the New Journalist of the Year Award and went on to write for "Marie Claire", "Glamour" and "Heat", also launching her own travel and style magazine, "Jaunt". She was editing "InStyle" magazine when she signed a book deal with publishers Harper Collins and left the world of magazines to concentrate on her writing career. 
Perry's debut novel, "Daddy’s Girls" was an immediate success. The Sun newspaper said it was ‘engrossing from the first page,’ calling it ‘the perfect read to escape the everyday world with enough suspense to keep you hooked.’ Her subsequent novels have been equally well-received, with latest, "Perfect Strangers" being described by Heat magazine as ‘a fast-paced, glamorous and enthralling tale’. 
Perry has also co-written a series of YA vampire novels with her husband John Perry, under the pseudonym Mia James. The first in the series, "By Midnight", was described by the Daily Record as ‘outstanding’. 
Tasmina Perry is a regular contributor to TV and radio. She has also been a mentor for the Marie Claire/Princes Trust Inspire and Mentor campaign. She was also a judge at the 2011 P&G beauty awards. 
Personal Life.
Tasmina lives in London with her husband, the writer and former magazine editor John Perry.

</doc>
<doc id="19609426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609426" title="British Society for Restorative Dentistry">
British Society for Restorative Dentistry

The British Society for Restorative Dentistry was founded in 1968 and promotes standards in the dental profession through conferences, meetings and scientific literature. The society provides a forum for members to debate current issues in Restorative Dentistry and especially in Prosthodontics. 
The conference calendar includes two scientific meetings a year (Spring and Autumn) and the once three- yearly Dental Pan Society meeting. The society is affiliated to the European Journal of Prosthodontics and Restorative Dentistry, and has also published policy documents on ‘Guidelines for Crown and Bridge’ and ‘A Strategy for Planning Restorative Care’. 

</doc>
<doc id="19609436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609436" title="Gisi Fleischmann">
Gisi Fleischmann

Gisi Fleischmann (1894 – 18 October 1944) was a leader of the best known Holocaust era Jewish rescue group: the Bratislava Working Group. Mrs. Fleischmann was murdered in the Auschwitz concentration camp. The Working Group's co-leader was Rabbi Michael Ber Weissmandl. Thanks to the efforts of the Working Group, which bribed German and Slovakian officials and paid negotiated ransom to the Germans, the mass deportation of Slovakian Jews was delayed for two years, from 1942 to 1944.
At Rabbi Weissmandl's initiative the Working Group was also responsible for the ambitious but ill-fated Europa Plan which would have seen large numbers of European Jews rescued from the Nazi and Fascist murderers. As part of Gisi Fleischmann's duties she met several times in Hungary with Jewish leaders, and also attempted to enlist support from the Switzerland representatives of the Joint Distribution Committee and Hechalutz movements in order to raise money to bribe the Nazis. An agreement was negotiated with the Nazis in late 1942 and one to two million dollars ransom was required to stop most transports. The Germans asked for a 10% down payment. Unfortunately the down payment was never made.
The Working Group also played a central role in distribution of the "Auschwitz Report" in spring 1944. Rabbi Weissmandl's version ultimately reached George Mantello in Switzerland via Budapest. He immediately published the report's summary. That triggered a major Swiss grass roots protest in the Swiss press, churches and streets. It was a major factor leading to President Roosevelt, Winston Churchill and others threatening Hungary's Fascist regent Horthy with post-war retribution if he did not immediately stop the transports. This significantly influenced Horthy to stop the transports. At the time about 12,000 Jews a day were transported from Hungary to Auschwitz. Consequently Raoul Wallenberg was able to go to Budapest, where he and other diplomats like Carl Lutz, Angelo Rotta and others rescued large number of Jews.

</doc>
<doc id="19609437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609437" title="Shooting at the 1988 Summer Olympics – Women's 50 metre rifle three positions">
Shooting at the 1988 Summer Olympics – Women's 50 metre rifle three positions

Women's 50 metre rifle three positions (then known as "standard rifle") was one of the thirteen shooting events at the 1988 Summer Olympics. It was the first Olympic three positions competition to feature final shooting.
Qualification round.
OR Olympic record – Q Qualified for final
Final.
OR Olympic record

</doc>
<doc id="19609438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609438" title="Give Me My Arrows and Give Me My Bow">
Give Me My Arrows and Give Me My Bow

"Give Me My Arrows And Give Me My Bow" is a ballad written and composed by Samuel Lover in 1848. Lovers, an Irish songwriter and novelist, wrote the ballad during a trip to the United States.
Preface.
Lover prefaced the poem with an introductory story:
Title.
The song title came from the first line of "The Samoyeds", a poem by Rev. Isaac Taylor.

</doc>
<doc id="19609441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609441" title="Andreas Høivold">
Andreas Høivold

Andreas Høivold (born 1972 in Sunderland, England), is a Norwegian professional Poker player. He moved to Oslo in 1974, but moved a year after to Kristiansand where he lived until 2009 when he moved to Las Vegas, USA.
He became famous when he came 3rd in Poker Million V in 2006, despite having turned pro only seven months prior. He since has won an EPT event in Dortmund, for which he won €672,000.
He has cashed 10 times in the World Series of Poker, with total earnings of just over $55,000.
Ladbrokes signed him up after his 3rd place finish in Poker Million V, but the sponsorship ended in 2009
He states his poker idols are Phil Ivey, Doyle Brunson, and fellow Scandinavian Gus Hansen, who he says are the players he respects the most.
He also appeared in the opening episodes of High Stakes Poker season six.
As of 2013, his total live tournament winnings exceed $1,700,000.

</doc>
<doc id="19609457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609457" title="Vladimir Gostyukhin">
Vladimir Gostyukhin

Vladimir Vasilyevich Gostyukhin () (b. March 10, 1946, Sverdlovsk, Russia) is a Soviet/Russian film and stage actor.

</doc>
<doc id="19609458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609458" title="Lynden (disambiguation)">
Lynden (disambiguation)

Lynden can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19609459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609459" title="Recha Sternbuch">
Recha Sternbuch

Recha Sternbuch (1905–1971), a Swiss woman of Polish heritage, an important Holocaust era Jewish rescuer. 
Recha Sternbuch was the wife of Yitzchak Sternbuch, a businessman in Montreux, Switzerland. Although she was an Orthodox woman, had children and was pregnant she spent nights in the forest by the Austrian border to smuggle refugees while trying to evade Swiss border guards who had orders to turn back anyone over sixteen and under sixty. She worked with a Swiss police captain, Paul Grüninger, who in 1938 helped her smuggle over 800 refugees into Switzerland. Someone informed on them (see David Kranzler "Three who tried to stop the Holocaust"). Recha Sternbuch was arrested and jailed and lost her child. Mr. Gruninger lost his job and pension for his help to Jews and was later helped by the Sternbuchs.
After her release from prison Recha Sternbuch continued her activism largely alone and arranged rescue of over 2,000 Jews. At great risk she smuggled forged Swiss visas to many Jews across the German and Austrian borders. Later she obtained Chinese entry visas which enabled their holders to traverse Switzerland and Italy to ports from where they could be smuggled into Palestine. 
She had access to the Polish diplomatic pouch and was able to send coded cables to her contacts in Va’ad Hatzalah (Rescue Committee) in the USA and Turkey. One important use of this channel was the Sternbuchs alerting the New York Va’ad Hatzalah on September 2, 1942 to the horrors of the Holocaust. This cable was the first to alert American Jewry to the reality of the Holocaust and led to a meeting of 34 Jewish organizations. The Polish diplomatic pouch was also used to send secret messages, money to Jews in Nazi occupied Europe and as bribes for rescue. Recha Sternbuch also developed good connections with the Papal Nuncio to Switzerland, Monsignor Phillippe Bernadini, dean of the Swiss diplomatic community. He gave her access to Vatican couriers for sending money and messages to Jewish and resistance organizations in Nazi occupied Europe. Recha Sternbuch was among the first to obtain South American identity papers and distribute them to Jews whose life was endangered by the Nazis.
In September 1944 she made contact with Dr. Jean Marie Musy, former Swiss president and a friend of Himmler. At Recha Sternbuch’s request Musy, with help from his son Benoît Nicolas Musy, negotiated with Himmler, who was willing to release Jews then in concentration camps for ransom of one million dollars. On February 7, 1945 Musy delivered the first 1,210 inmates from Theresienstadt and more were promised at two week intervals. Unfortunately this initiative too was obstructed by someone in Switzerland.
The Sternbuchs kept negotiating through Dr. Musy to the end of the war. There was an agreement to turn over four concentration camps essentially intact to the Allies in return for a USA guarantee to try the camp guards in court as opposed to shooting them on the spot. This saved the lives of large numbers of camp inmates. The Sternbuchs also negotiated release of thousands of women from the Ravensbrück camp and release of 15,000 Jews held in Austria.
Some References.
Moriah Films, "Unlikely Heroes", documentary, includes chapter on Recha Sternbuch (USA)

</doc>
<doc id="19609474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609474" title="Hoppner River">
Hoppner River

The Hoppner River flows northward from the mainland (in an area previously referred to as Wollaston Land) into Dolphin and Union Strait at the juncture with the Amundsen Gulf in Nunavut, Canada. Long-tailed Duck ("Harelda glacialis") frequent the area.
The river is one of several landforms named in honor of Royal Navy officer and Arctic explorer Henry Parkyns Hoppner who charted the region during William Edward Parry's First, Second, and Third Arctic Expeditions.

</doc>
<doc id="19609478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609478" title="King of the Dancehall">
King of the Dancehall

"King of the Dancehall" is the second single by Beenie Man from his studio album "Back to Basics". It was written by Moses "Beenie Man" Davis, Maurice Gregory, Robert Kelly and produced by Tony "Co" Kelly.

</doc>
<doc id="19609479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609479" title="National Treasure (franchise)">
National Treasure (franchise)

National Treasure is a series of theatrical action-adventure mystery films distributed by Walt Disney Pictures, produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and starring Nicolas Cage as Benjamin Gates, a treasure hunter who, with the help of his father, Patrick Henry Gates (Jon Voight), his girlfriend, Abigail Chase (Diane Kruger) and his loyal sidekick, Riley Poole (Justin Bartha), uncovers hidden troves and secrets from America's past. Additionally there are a series of novels detailing the ancestors of Ben Gates, all written by Catherine Hapka.
Films.
"National Treasure" (2004).
The original "National Treasure" film centers on the Gates family legend of a fantastic treasure trove of artifacts and gold, hidden by the Founding Fathers of the United States, and the attempts by the scion of the family, Benjamin Franklin Gates, to find the treasure before his ex-friend, Ian Howe (Sean Bean), steals and destroys the Declaration of Independence.
"" (2007).
In the sequel to the original 2004 film, black market dealer Mitch Wilkinson (Ed Harris) locates one of the 18 missing pages of John Wilkes Booth's diary, and suggests that Ben's ancestor, Thomas Gates, was a conspirator in the assassination of President Abraham Lincoln, so Ben sets out to prove his innocence by kidnapping the current US President (Bruce Greenwood) and by finding the disappeared hidden truth.
"National Treasure 3".
In December 2007, before the second film was released, Nicolas Cage showed interest in doing a third film, believing it should be more international. In early 2008, Disney registered the domains for NationalTreasure3DVD.com and NationalTreasure4DVD.com.(both sites are now unregistered and the second link redirects) In May 2008, Director Jon Turteltaub said that the filmmaking team would take its time on another "National Treasure" sequel. In September 2008, Jerry Bruckheimer officially confirmed that they were in the process of developing a third film. In November 2008, Bruckheimer said that the writers were in the process of writing the script to the film. In March 2009, Jon Voight, who plays Patrick Gates, said that the script was not yet finished, and was also quoted as saying "I just hope there's good stuff for me to play in it, that Helen Mirren, (who plays his ex-wife) will be back." Disney had planned to begin filming in late 2010, after Justin Bartha had finished "", but no announcements have been made as to whether or not filming took place.
In May 2010, Bruckheimer said that the first draft of the screenplay was completed. In a February 2012 interview with Nicolas Cage, Cage stated: "...I have not heard any news about a third one at this time, and it would be interesting to take National Treasure into South America." In a May 2013 interview with Justin Bartha, Bartha stated that a third installment was still a possibility and that scripts have been written.
Books.
There was no novelization of the first movie, but a novelization of the second entitled "National Treasure 2: Book of Secrets The Junior Novel" was released on November 6, 2007. Parts of the story in the novel version differ slightly from what was actually filmed, owing to changes being made in the screenplay prior to and during production. For example, in the novel, Ben and Abigail photograph the wooden plank found hidden in the Queen's desk and leave it behind, with the car chase following, but in the movie, they take the plank with them on the chase. Also, the date on the statue in Paris, which is also the combination to access the plank is shown as 1865 rather than 1876.
Gates Family Mystery.
Disney Press has also published a series of spin-off historical novels about ancestors of the Gates Family, all by Catherine Hapka.
Characters.
Gates family.
The tree below shows the Gates family, including Ben's ancestors mentioned in the series of novels based on the movies, "Changing Tides", "Midnight Ride", and "Uncharted". A detailed family tree is presented in the novel, "Uncharted". Benjamin Franklin Gates' direct line is in bold.
Awards and nominations.
The following is a table listing the awards and nominations received by National Treasure and National Treasure: Book of Secrets.

</doc>
<doc id="19609487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609487" title="Saint Paul and Pacific Railroad">
Saint Paul and Pacific Railroad

The Saint Paul and Pacific Railroad (also known as the St. Paul & Pacific Railroad and the SP&P) was a shortline railroad in the state of Minnesota in the United States which existed from 1857 to 1879. Founded as the Minnesota and Pacific Railroad, it was the state's first active railroad. It went bankrupt, and the state changed its name to the Saint Paul and Pacific Railroad. The SP&P went bankrupt as well. It was taken over by James Jerome Hill and others, who used the railroad as the basis for building the Great Northern Railway.
Early history.
In 1857, the territorial legislature of the state of Minnesota issued a charter to the Minnesota and Pacific Railroad to build a standard gauge railway from Stillwater in the east to St. Paul in the west. From St. Paul, the main line would extend to Breckenridge in the west (the state's border with the Dakota Territory), while a branch line would extend to St. Cloud, Crow Wing, and St. Vincent. As the state's first active railroad (though not necessarily the state's first railroad), the Minnesota and Pacific received a grant of of land from the territorial legislature. This was the seventh largest land grant of the 75 given to railroads nationwide between 1850 and 1871.
Construction began in the autumn of 1856, and in 1857 the state backed a $5 million bond issue to support the new rail system. But speculators manipulated the nascent railroad's profits, overcharged it for supplies, and sold off some of its assets. It went bankrupt in 1860, and the new state legislature purchased all of its assets for a mere $1,000.
Saint Paul and Pacific.
In 1862, the state legislature reorganized the bankrupt railroad as the St. Paul and Pacific Railroad. That same year, of track between St. Paul and St. Anthony finally opened. Egbert E. Litchfield bought most of the road's stock, and while the branch line reached Sauk Rapids by 1867 (financed mostly by bonds sold in the Netherlands) little was accomplished on the main line. Only of track had been laid as of 1865. The railroad built almost no more track between 1867 and 1871. Nonetheless, it heavily promoted the construction of towns every eight miles along its length, and was the leading railroad helping to "colonize" Minnesota.
In December 1870, the Northern Pacific Railway purchased the SP&P. But the Northern Pacific went bankrupt in the Panic of 1873, and E. Darwin Litchfield (Egbert's brother) bought the SP&P back from the bigger road. Dutch investors held most of the road's stock, and forced Litchfield to allow a receiver to manage the system. For three more years, little was done by the receiver. 
But James J. Hill, who ran steamboats on the Red River, knew that the SP&P owned very valuable land grants and saw the potential of the railroad. Hill convinced John S. Kennedy (a New York City banker who had represented the Dutch bondholders), Norman Kittson (Hill's friend and a wealthy fur trader), Donald Smith (a Montreal banker and executive with the Hudson's Bay Company), and George Stephen (Smith's cousin and a wealthy railroad executive) to invest $5.5 million in purchasing the railroad. On March 13, 1878, the Dutch formally signed an agreement transferring their bonds to the investors group and giving them control of the railroad.
To finance construction of the SP&P, the road issued bonds that allowed the bearer to receive up to $10,000 per mile of track completed, but only if the line was finished. In February 1879, the group bought out the Litchfields with cash and bonds in the new company. The SP&P showed a $500,000 profit for 1878, and in March 1879 two different courts finally approved the company's emergence from bankruptcy.
Demise and future ownership.
On May 23, 1879, the key investors in the railroad formed a new company, the St. Paul, Minneapolis and Manitoba Railway (StPM&M), to take over the assets of the SP&P. It did so in June 1879, bringing an end to the existence of the St. Paul and Pacific.
On September 18, 1889, Hill changed the name of the Minneapolis and St. Cloud Railway (a railroad which existed primarily on paper, but which held very extensive land grants throughout the Midwest and Pacific Northwest) to the Great Northern Railway. On February 1, 1890, he transferred ownership of the StPM&M, Montana Central Railway, and other rail systems he owned to the Great Northern.

</doc>
<doc id="19609492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609492" title="Canoeing at the 1984 Summer Olympics – Men's K-1 500 metres">
Canoeing at the 1984 Summer Olympics – Men's K-1 500 metres

The men's K-1 500 metres event was an individual kayaking event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1984 Summer Olympics program.
Results.
Heats.
The 19 competitors first raced in three heats on August 6. The top three finishers from each of the heats advanced directly to the semifinals with the rest competing in the repechages.
Repechages.
Taking place on August 6, the top four finishers from each repechage advanced to the semifinals.
Semifinals.
The top three finishers in each of the three semifinals (raced on August 8) advanced to the final.
Final.
The final was held on August 10. 

</doc>
<doc id="19609508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609508" title="Beatrice of Bourbon, Queen of Bohemia">
Beatrice of Bourbon, Queen of Bohemia

Beatrice of Bourbon (1320 – 23 December 1383) was a French noblewoman. A member of the House of Bourbon, she was by marriage Queen of Bohemia and Countess of Luxembourg.
She was the youngest daughter of Louis I, Duke of Bourbon, and Mary of Avesnes.
Life.
Marriage.
On 28 September 1330, Queen Elisabeth of Bohemia, wife of King John of Bohemia, died:
Despite the fact that John and Elisabeth became estranged during the last years of their marriage, the king remained a widower for the next four years. The French King Philip VI wanted to tie John more closely with France, and he suggested to the Bohemian king a second marriage. The proposed bride was Beatrice, youngest daughter of the Duke of Bourbon and member of a cadet branch of the House of Capet. Beatrice was already betrothed, however, to Philip, the second son of Philip I, Prince of Taranto, as of 29 May 1321. The engagement was broken soon after the marriage negotiations with Bohemia started.
The marriage of King John of Bohemia and Beatrice of Bourbon was solemnized in the Château de Vincennes in December 1334. But because the two were related in a prohibited degree (they were second cousins through their common descent from Henry V, Count of Luxembourg, and his wife Margaret of Bar), Pope Benedict XII had to give dispensation for the marriage, which was granted in Avignon on 9 January 1335 at the request of Philip VI.
The marriage contract stipulated that if a son was born from the marriage, the County of Luxembourg (King John's paternal heritage), as well as lands belonging to it, would go to him. King John's sons from his first marriage, Charles and John Henry, were not informed of the contents of the marriage contract, but both princes were compelled to accept it along with the knights and citizens of Luxembourg in August 1335.
Life in Bohemia.
Beatrice arrived in Bohemia on 2 January 1336:
In the Bohemian court, Beatrice took care of the wife of her oldest stepson Charles, Blanche of Valois. Both women could easily communicate in French. The Queen soon felt ill-at-ease in Prague, where she was always compared unfavorably with the Margravine of Moravia (Blanche's title as wife of the Bohemian heir). Also, the Czech people were offended by her coldness, insolence and aversion to learning the their language.
The new Queen of Bohemia and Countess of Luxembourg brought with her an annual income of 4,000 livres extracted from her father's County of Clermont. On 25 February 1337, the queen gave birth in Prague to her only child, a son named Wenceslaus after the holy patron of the Přemyslid dynasty. Perhaps with this gesture either the queen or her husband tried to gain the favor of the Bohemians. However, the relationship between Beatrice and her new subjects remained estranged: her coronation as Queen of Bohemia in St. Vitus Cathedral three months later, on 18 May, was an event of spectacular indifference from the citizens of Prague.
Shortly after her coronation, in June 1337, Beatrice left Bohemia leaving her son behind, and went to live in Luxembourg. After this, she rarely visit the Bohemian Kingdom.
Later Years.
On 26 August 1346 King John was killed in the Battle of Crécy and Beatrice ceased to be queen consort. Her stepson, now King Charles of Bohemia, confirmed the provisions of her marriage contract. Beatrice, now Dowager Queen of Bohemia, received in perpetuity lands in the County of Hainaut, the rent of 4,000 livres and the towns of Arlon, Marville and Damvillers (where she settled her residence) as her widow's estate. These revenues were used not only for their own needs, but also for the education of her son. King Charles also left her all the movable property and income from the mines in Kutná Hora. In addition, when her father Duke Louis I of Bourbon died in 1342, she received the sum of 1,000 livres, which was secured from the town of Creil.
Around 1347, Beatrice married for a second time to Eudes II, Lord of Grancey, (then a widower) at her state of Damvillers. Despite her new marriage, she retained the title of Queen of Bohemia. The couple had no children. Soon after her second marriage, she arranged the betrothal of her son Wenceslaus with the widowed Joanna, Duchess of Brabant, daughter and heiress of John III, Duke of Brabant, who was fifteen years older than he was. The marriage took place in Damvillers four years later, on 17 May 1351.
Despite all the grants of land and money given to Beatrice, the Bohemian king delayed the investiture of his young half-brother Wenceslaus as Count of Luxembourg. In fact, he held on to the title until 1353, when Wenceslaus finally obtained sovereignty over the County. One year later (13 March 1354) the County was elevated to the rank of a Duchy.
Beatrice died on 27 December 1383, having outlived her son (for only sixteen days) and all her stepchildren. She was buried in the Church of the Jacobins in Paris. Her second husband survived her by six years.

</doc>
<doc id="19609512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609512" title="Aanchal (1980 film)">
Aanchal (1980 film)

Aanchal is a Hindi blockbuster released in 1980 starring Rajesh Khanna, Raakhee, Rekha as the main protagonist and supported by Prem Chopra and Amol Palekar. This story basically revolves around divine relationship shared by Rajesh Khanna with Raakhee. Music is by R D Burman. Songs are sung by Kishore Kumar, Lata Mangehkar and Asha Bhonsle.
Synopsis.
The story of an Indian woman, as pure as Sita, who is tested by a series of family events and problems. The story revolves around the relationship between Shambu (Rajesh) and his sister-in-law Shanti (Raakhee). People in the village start speculating whether Shambu is romantically involved with Shanti, and even Kishan starts doubting his brother's intentions. Tulsi who loves Shambu, too, starts thinking bad about Shambu.
Music.
Songs for Khanna are sung by Kishore Kumar, for Raakhee by Lata Mangehkar and for Rekha by Asha Bhonsle.

</doc>
<doc id="19609513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609513" title="Lindon">
Lindon

Lindon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19609515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609515" title="Konstantin Konik">
Konstantin Konik

Konstantin Konik ( – 3 August 1936) was an Estonian politician and surgeon, member of the Estonian Salvation Committee
Konstantin Konik was born to a working-class family in Tartu; his father made living as a carter. After studying at the Governorate Gymnasium in Tartu, Konstantin Konik graduated from the faculty of Medicine of the University of Dorpat (now University of Tartu) in 1873, and made his doctorate degree at the Odessa University in 1903. 
On 8 March 1920 Konik made history at the University of Tartu by giving the first lecture ever made on medicine in Estonian language. The University of Tartu was established as an Estonian institution only in 1919, it had been the University of Dorpat, a Baltic German institution, before, where only German and since the 1880s–90s Russian language had been used.

</doc>
<doc id="19609516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609516" title="Banco de Crédito del Perú">
Banco de Crédito del Perú

Banco de Crédito del Perú is a Peruvian bank, and the largest in the country. It is traded in the New York Stock Exchange and the Lima Stock Exchange (Bolsa de Valores de Lima). It is controlled by the Romero family though the Credicorp financial holding, which also includes Pacifico Insurance, Prima AFP (leading Pension Fund), among others. 118 years after the bank's founding in 1889, BCP has 237 branches, 786 ATM's, 1400 agents and 10,771 employees.
History.
Founded on April 9, 1889, BCP is Peru's oldest bank. It was called Banco Italiano for the first 52 years of its existence, and in 1919 Banca Commerciale Italiana acquired the bank. On 1 February 1942, the name of the institution was changed to "Banco de Credito del Peru".
Later, the bank opened offices in New York City and Nassau. Due to the increased activities, the bank moved its headquarters from Downtown Lima to a brand new building designed by Arquitectonica in the La Molina district in Lima. By 1988, the bank had a nationwide computer network connected to the main computer in Lima. The bank then proceeded to establish a network of ATM's throughout the country.
In 1993, BCP acquired Banco Popular de Bolivia and renamed it Banco de Crédito de Bolivia. Since then, the company has launched several subsidiary companies such as Credifondo, a mutual funds company; Credileasing, a leasing subsidiary; Credibolsa, a Stock Brokerage firm; La Fiduiciaria, a fiduciary services company, among others. In 2010, BCP acquired Edificar, a leading micro-finance company in Peru.
In 2004 the Miami chapter of the American Institute of Architects awarded the Banco de Crédito headquarters building the AIA Test of Time Award.

</doc>
<doc id="19609530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609530" title="USS Zenith (SP-61)">
USS Zenith (SP-61)

USS "Zenith" (SP-61) was an armed motorboat that served in the United States Navy as a patrol vessel from 1917 to 1918.
"Zenith" was a motorboat or yacht designed with the possibility of naval service in mind when she was constructed in 1917 at Camden, New Jersey, by the Mathis Yacht Building Company. She was acquired by the U.S. Navy on 21 April 1917 at Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, from Charles Longstreet of Philadelphia for service as a patrol vessel in World War I. She was designated SP-61 and commissioned as USS "Zenith" at Philadelphia on 23 April 1917.
Assigned to section-patrol duty, "Zenith" conducted surveillance patrols to protect the harbors and estuaries of the 4th Naval District coastline—Pennsylvania, Delaware, and southern New Jersey—from enemy incursion, primarily against submarine and minelaying operations. She served until hostilities ended on 11 November 1918.
"Zenith" was decommissioned on 21 November 1918, just 10 days after the armistice. That same day, her name was struck from the Navy list and "Zenith" was returned to her owner.

</doc>
<doc id="19609545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609545" title="Yaz Bitti">
Yaz Bitti

"Yaz bitti" ("Summer is over") was the Turkish entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 1992, held in Malmö, Sweden.
The song was composed by Aldoğan Şimşekyay and Aylin Uçanlar and was sung by Aylin Vatankoş.
The song was performed 4th on the night of the contest, following Israel's Dafna Dekel with "Ze Rak Sport" and preceding Greece's Cleopatra with "Olou Tou Kosmou I Elpida". The song received 17 points, placing 19th in a field of 23.
The song was succeeded as Turkish representative at the 1993 contest by Burak Aydos with "Esmer yarim".

</doc>
<doc id="19609551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609551" title="Vishnu's Crowded Temple, India since the Great Rebellion">
Vishnu's Crowded Temple, India since the Great Rebellion

Vishnu's Crowded Temple, India since the Great Rebellion is a book written by Maria Misra. The book was first published in 2007 in United Kingdom by Penguin Group and in 2008 in USA by Yale University Press.
The book details the modern history of India since 1877 when Queen Victoria was declared Empress of India. The book provides an alternative account of modern Indian history, focusing on the consistent and integral role of caste and religious politics in the Indian system. Misra's account clarifies that the undercurrents of these themes have been consistent in the Indian political arena since at least Imperial times, but have sharpened and been manipulated to a greater extent in the post-colonial period. The result is that today, India's democracy is inherently politicized on the basis of caste, linguistic, and religious distinctions. Yet, these are not aberrations from some pure past, but simply a revised version of the dimensioning of previous times and eras. 

</doc>
<doc id="19609555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609555" title="Gold Diggers (novel)">
Gold Diggers (novel)

Gold Diggers is a 2007 novel by Tasmina Perry. The plot is a scandalous, glamorous, sex-filled bitchfest, with high-society women fighting over American billionaire Adam Gold who has moved to London.

</doc>
<doc id="19609563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609563" title="Charlotte Dawson">
Charlotte Dawson

Charlotte Dawson (8 April 1966 – 22 February 2014) was a New Zealand–Australian television personality. She was known in New Zealand for her roles as host of "Getaway", and in Australia as a host on "The Contender Australia" and as a judge on "Australia's Next Top Model".
Career.
Dawson grew up in Auckland, New Zealand, after being adopted at birth. She left there at age 16 to model in Europe and with Ford Models in New York City. A decade later she relocated to Australia where she became a familiar face on the Australian fashion scene.
In 1997, she became beauty and fashion director for "Woman's Day" and soon after became style editor for "New Idea" magazine. In 2000, she was the face of the Peter Morrissey fashion label, presenting her own fashion segment weekly on "Good Morning Australia" for Network Ten, and featuring in the fashion section of Sydney's Olympic Games opening ceremony. She was the fashion correspondent for Channel Ten's entertainment programme "E! News" and also a regular panelist on the network's hit daytime show "Beauty and the Beast", and guest on "Burke's Backyard" and Channel Nine's "Simply The Best".
While working for Australian agencies Cameron's and Priscilla's as an agent, she decided to try her hand at TV. She became a researcher at Nine Network and worked on programs such as "Money" and "Looking Good". Shortly after she became fashion editor for the network's "Today" program, filing weekly reports on local and international fashion news and events within the industry. Magazines such as "Vogue", "Elle", "She", "Dolly", "Cleo" and "Mode" tracked Dawson's progress, featuring her in fashion spreads.
She had many appearances as a "celebrity model" at fashion shows, regular appearances on "The Footy Show", a spot guest fashion commentator for "Nine's Wide World of Sports" and several hosting and MC jobs at media events.
Dawson returned to Auckland in 2002 where she had presenting roles on TVNZ's chat show "How's Life?", and Prime's "Getaway" and "Charlotte's Lists".
In 2008, she was a host on FOX8's "Australia's Next Top Model" for the Live Finale of the show, as a last minute replacement for regular host Jodhi Meares.
In 2007, she settled out of court with the "Woman's Day" magazine, after she sued the magazine over its coverage of her divorce from former Olympic swimmer Scott Miller.
She also hosted the Foxtel series "Runway to L.A".
In 2012 she appeared as one of the 'celebrity' contestants, raising money for her chosen charity, on the second season of "The Celebrity Apprentice Australia". August 2012 saw a new period of media unrest for Dawson, following an interview with New Zealand's "Herald on Sunday" about her thoughts on her former home. "New Zealand is small, nasty and vindictive. It's a tiny, little village ... a tiny country at the end of the earth," she said'.
Trolling controversy.
In 2012, Dawson was admitted to St Vincent's Hospital in Sydney after attempting to commit suicide due to a much publicised battle with Twitter trolls. Dawson was rushed to hospital after being found in a fragile state by a former "Australia's Next Top Model" finalist. Dawson was made the target of an organised online campaign of harassment in part due to her involvement with an anti-cyber-bullying initiative Community Brave.
Some in the media suggested that Dawson was guilty of double standards, citing her aggressive television persona and her history of discouraging contestants on "Australia's Next Top Model". Peter Ford from Melbourne's 3AW alleged that "the problem of Charlotte taking on this cause is her act's about abusing people and putting them down so it becomes a bit murky as to why she's become a champion of this particular cause".
A representative for Community Brave identified one of Dawson's Twitter trolls as Tanya Heti, an employee of Melbourne's Monash University. Community Brave reported the incident to Heti's employer and she was stood down without pay. She was reinstated shortly afterwards when the university found she was not guilty of misconduct.
Dawson then appeared on Channel Seven's "Seven News" in order to expose the alleged social media trolls. Dawson insisted that she was not involved with conducting the research for the story, and that she was only acting as a person confronting the alleged trolls on camera.
An intense promotional campaign and launch of Dawson's biography began two weeks after her appearance on Channel Seven. Dawson was heavily criticised in the media after broadcasting disparaging remarks on AFL footballer's partners as a part of her role as a fashion expert for television coverage of the AFL's Brownlow Medal.
In 2013, Dawson announced a new role as anti-bullying ambassador with the National Rugby League (NRL).
On 30 January 2014 Dawson encouraged New Zealand singer Lorde to leave New Zealand, telling radio presenter Mike Hosking that "Unless you're very mediocre you need to get out of there – you just have to if you want to keep succeeding otherwise it'll just crush your spirit."
In 2012, Dawson joined Jeff Fenech as the spokesperson and face of anti-bullying organisation Angels Goal.
Death.
On 22 February 2014, Dawson committed suicide in her Woolloomooloo, New South Wales home. A real estate agent found her body when he arrived to inspect the property ahead of its auction. Police confirmed that they were called to the home at 11:18 am and that there were no suspicious circumstances to the death. 
Prime Minister of New Zealand John Key said he was "shocked" and "saddened" by Dawson's death, while Australian fashion designer Alex Perry said of her "We lost a beautiful, bright, shining girl today".

</doc>
<doc id="19609565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609565" title="Samir Abbasov">
Samir Abbasov

Samir Abbasov (born 1 February 1978) is an Azerbaijani footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="19609569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609569" title="Zhongli Station (Taoyuan County)">
Zhongli Station (Taoyuan County)

Zhongli Station (or Jhongli Station) () is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Western Line located in Zhongli, Taoyuan County, Taiwan. It is the third busiest station in Taiwan.
It is also a planned terminus for the Blue Line of the Taoyuan Metro (an extension of the Taoyuan Airport MRT) to be completed by 2013.
Structure.
There are two island platforms and one side platform. The rear station opened on December 31, 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="19609574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609574" title="Tangstad">
Tangstad

Tangstad is a village in the municipality of Vestvågøy in Nordland county, Norway. The village is located on the northwestern side of the island of Vestvågøya, about west of Bøstad and about north of the town of Leknes.

</doc>
<doc id="19609593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609593" title="Prince Henry, Count of Bardi">
Prince Henry, Count of Bardi

Prince Henry of Bourbon-Parma, Count of Bardi () (12 February 1851 in Parma, Duchy of Parma – 14 April 1905 in Menton, France) was the youngest son and child of Charles III, Duke of Parma and his wife Princess Louise Marie Thérèse of France, the eldest daughter of Charles Ferdinand, Duke of Berry and Princess Caroline Ferdinande Louise of the Two Sicilies.
Henry was thus a great-grandson of Charles X of France. Henry was a nephew of Henri, comte de Chambord, disputedly King of France and Navarre from 2 to 9 August 1830 and afterwards the Legitimist Pretender to the throne of France from 1844 to 1883.
Marriages.
Henry married firstly to Princess Maria Immacolata of Bourbon-Two Sicilies, youngest daughter of Ferdinand II of the Two Sicilies and his wife Maria Theresa of Austria, on 25 November 1873 in Cannes, France. Maria Luisa Immaculata died three months later at the age of 19. The couple had no issue.
Henry married secondly to Infanta Adelgundes of Portugal, Duchess of Guimarães, fifth child and fourth daughter of Miguel of Portugal and his wife Adelaide of Löwenstein-Wertheim-Rosenberg on 15 October 1876 in Salzburg, Austria. This union was also without issue; Adelgundes' nine pregnancies all ended in miscarriages.
Residences.
Henry and Adelgundes were the owners of the palazzo Ca' Vendramin Calergi on the Grand Canal in Venice. They hosted the family of Richard Wagner at their palazzo beginning in September 1882, and the famous German composer died there the following February.

</doc>
<doc id="19609612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609612" title="Lac Minerals Ltd. v. International Corona Resources Ltd.">
Lac Minerals Ltd. v. International Corona Resources Ltd.

Lac Minerals Ltd. v. International Corona Resources Ltd. is a leading Supreme Court of Canada decision on the nature of fiduciary and confidential relationships that can be created in the course of business, together with appropriate remedies for restitution when such relationships are breached.
The facts.
International Corona was a junior mining company that was investigating the mineral potential of a property at Hemlo in Northern Ontario. Lac Minerals, a senior mining company, heard of Corona's activity and arranged to visit the site. Corona showed Lac's representatives detailed information about their geological findings, together with their underlying theory about its mineral potential and importance. In further discussions about development and financing options, detailed private information was disclosed. Corona was advised by Lac to aggressively pursue the Williams property. The matter of confidentiality was not raised.
Lac proceeded to stake their own claims east of Corona's property, and acquired the property on which Corona had been working, without the latter having been advised of Lac's intentions. Subsequent attempts by Corona to negotiate the transfer of Lac's interest in the property failed.
Corona formed a joint venture with Teck Corporation to develop a mine on the Corona property, and proceeded to sue Lac for the return of the property.
The judgments below.
The trial judge held that there was no binding contract, but Lac was still liable for breach of confidence and breach of fiduciary duty. He ordered the return of the property to Corona, but allowed Lac's claim in part for a lien for the cost of improvements and other payments.
The Ontario Court of Appeal affirmed the trial judge's ruling, also noting that a constructive trust was an appropriate remedy for both the breach of confidence and fiduciary duty.
The issues.
There were three questions before the Supreme Court of Canada:
Decision of the Supreme Court of Canada.
The court ruled unanimously that there had been a breach of confidence, and by 3-2 it was held that no fiduciary duty existed in this case, and by 3-2 that the imposition of a constructive trust on Lac in favour of Corona was the appropriate remedy.
Fiduciary relationships.
There are three conditions that must be present for a fiduciary relationship to exist:
There was no element of dependency shown in this case.
Breach of confidence.
Three elements must exist for a breach of confidence to have occurred:
The law of confidence and the law relating to fiduciary obligations are not coextensive and yet are not completely distinct. A claim for breach of confidence will only be made out, however, when it is shown that the confidee has misused the information to the detriment of the confider. Fiduciary law, however, is concerned with the duty of loyalty and does not require that harm result. Duties of confidence, unlike fiduciary obligations, can arise outside a direct relationship. Another difference is that breach of confidence also has a jurisdictional base at law, and accordingly can draw on remedies available in both law and equity, whereas fiduciary obligations arise only in equity and can only draw upon equitable remedies.
The court can exercise considerable flexibility in fashioning a remedy for breach of confidence because the action does not rest solely on any one of the traditional jurisdictional bases for action - contract, equity or property - but is "sui generis" and relies on all three.
The appropriate remedy.
The constructive trust was the only appropriate remedy here, given the uniqueness of the property, given the fact Corona would have acquired the property but for Lac's breaches of duty, and given the virtual impossibility of accurately valuing the property. In addition, it was the only just remedy, regardless of whether it was based on breach of confidence or breach of a fiduciary relationship. The remedies available under one head are those available to the other. Given a breach of a duty of confidence, the finding of a fiduciary relationship was not strictly necessary.
Significance.
The noteworthy aspect is that the Court is reluctant to impose fiduciary duties on arm's-length commercial parties, and that such duties should not supplant or amplify other more appropriate causes for action.
The decision has also served to consolidate the law in Canada on the nature and use of confidential information, as well as to clarify the nature of fiduciary relationships and duties in Canadian law.
"Lac Minerals" further confirms the divergence of Canadian common-law jurisprudence on constructive trusts to that of English law, which began to arise in "Pettkus v. Becker". While English law is based on the concept of "institutional constructive trusts" (as it was later described by Lord Browne-Wilkinson in "Westdeutsche Landesbank Girozentrale v Islington London Borough Council"), Canadian courts have broadened it to include "remedial constructive trusts". Australian and New Zealand jurisprudence can be characterized as falling in between the other two.

</doc>
<doc id="19609617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609617" title="Rajput (film)">
Rajput (film)

Rajput is a Hindi film released in 1982. This is a multi-starrer movie directed by Vijay Anand.
Plot.
An amendment in Independent India comes where kingdoms are seized and people from Royal family are no longer rulers. One such kingdom is about to be seized from "vipin kumar who refuses to lose his position. He continues to rule the jurisdiction as king and compels people to pay tax for him. People protest against this and one such person is police Inspector Dhirendra Singh (Rajesh Khanna). Because of this, he is transferred to a small village. His parents arrange his marriage with Janki (Hema) who is the daughter of Dhirendra's father's childhood friend. But Janki is in love with Manu Pratap Singh (Dharmendra). Due to an enmity between two families, Janki's aunt warns her that their love would not be accepted by Janki's father. But both of them are strong in their love and have an affair. Manu Pratap Singh's younger brother Bhanu (Vinod Khanna) is in love with an orphan girl Kamli. All are happy until Raja Jaipal Singh rapes Kamli and she runs away from the village. Meanwhile Jaipal Singh says he wants to marry Janki, which angers her father as he is the father of teenage girl even if he's a king. 
Manu and Bhanu protest in their own way against the king - Bhanu becomes a dacoit. Both Manu's father and Janki's father strongly oppose their love. Janki is married to Dhirendra Singh against her wishes. When Janki leaves for her husband's home she is kidnapped by Jaipal Singh's nephew and he tries to rape her. But Manu shoots him to death and he falls on Janki who faints due to falling from horse. Dhirender misunderstands that Janki was raped and he cannot touch her. After two months he comes to know that Janki is pregnant and thinks it's a result of rape and tells her to abort the baby. But Janki knows it's Manu's child and refuses and insists that she will walk of Dhirendra's life. But Dhirender, out of his love for Janki, permits her to give birth to the baby. 
Janki gives birth to a son and she goes to jail to inform Manu about it. But Manu who finds Dhirender is a very nice man advices Janki to live with her husband and forget him. Janki obeys him and apologizes to Dhirender for all the misery caused by her. Dhirender initially refuses to see the child but accepts the baby as his own son. All the three live happily. Dhirender promises that he will consider that baby as his own child. 
Jaipal Singh sends his daughter Jaya abroad for education to shut her mouth when she starts questioning him. Manu and Bhanu Pratap's father is killed by Jaipal Sing and Bhanu waits to take revenge on him. 
Seven years pass by and now Dhirendar Singh is Superintendent of Police. He finds many dacoits have come together and they plunder many areas and the root cause of this is Jaipal Singh but he has no evidence to prove that. 
Bhanu, now a bandit named Bhavani, steals money and helps the poor. Manu is released from jail and he stays for one night in Dhirendar Singh's house. There he meets his son who is very affectionate towards his father Dhirendar. Though he cannot expose himself his affection towards the child is high. 
Kamli lives an illegitimate life with her son outside the village. Jaya, daughter of Jaipal Singh returns from abroad. Bhanu kidnaps her to take revenge on Jaipal Singh who once raped his lover. 
Later, Bhanu forces Jaipal to marry Kamli by threatening to kill Jaya. Jaya understands about her father and sides with Bhanu. She finds Bhanu is a well educated and kind man and both fall in love. 
Manu misunderstands that his father and brother were killed by a bandit Bhavani and sets off to kill him without knowing that Bhavani is his brother Bhanu. 
Dhirender comes to arrest Bhavani on a kidnapping charge but Jaya admits she is her on her own wish. Dhiren find the people are very much oppressed by Jaipal and want to protest against him. Dhiren advises them to not take the law in their hands and that he would take action against him lawfully. He gathers evidences and goes to arrest Jaipal. But he drops the action when he finds out that Jaipal has kidnapped his son. 
Dhirender finds that Manu is the real father of the child. He decides to save the child and give it to Janki and let her live with Manu and her son and leaves to arrest Jaipal. 
But Manu promises Janki that her marriage will not be destroyed and he sets out to save Dhiren. After much struggle and fight Jaipal is killed by Manu. 
Manu is injured by a gunshot when he protects Dhirendra from Jaipal's shot. 
Manu tells Dhiren that a man cannot be a father just because he gives birth and tell Dhiren can be the father of Janki's son and dies in his arms. Dhiren lets the child to lit the funeral pyre of Manu and Bhanu understands the truth about the child on seeing Janki. Dhirendra unites with his child and wife.

</doc>
<doc id="19609626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609626" title="Fábio Luís Ramim">
Fábio Luís Ramim

Fábio Luís Ramim (born 10 April 1981 in São Paulo, Brazil) is a naturalized Azerbaijani football midfielder, who plays for Rio Preto.
In February 2005, Fabio signed for MKT Araz in the Azerbaijan Top League, a move that three years later, after moving to Olimpik Baku in the winter of 2006, saw him take Azerbaijani citizenship and choose to represent Azerbaijan internationally. Fabio moved to Baku in the summer of 2008 before leaving in the winter of the 2011–12 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19609628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609628" title="Utah State Route 101">
Utah State Route 101

State Route 101 (SR-101) is a long state highway located in the U.S. state of Utah. The route serves as a spur route into the Uinta-Wasatch-Cache National Forest through the cities of Wellsville and Hyrum, with an intermediate intersection with U.S. Route 89 (US-89) and US-91. SR-101 starts at an intersection of Main Street and SR-23 (Center Street). Heading generally eastward, the highway terminates at the Hardware Ranch Wildlife Management Area. SR-101 was first designated in 1931 as a loop off SR-1 from Logan, south to Hyrum, and west to Wellsville.
Route description.
Located entirely in Cache County, SR-101 starts at an intersection of Main Street and SR-23 (Center Street). The highway heads easterly for the first before it turns northeasterly, crossing the Little Bear River and intersects US-89/US-91 at a traffic light controlled at-grade interchange. After the interchange, SR-101 turns to the southeast after entering Wellsville city limits. At 400 West, SR-101 turns south for 3 blocks before turning back to the east, and intersecting SR-165.
After leaving Hyrum, SR-101 dips to the southeast again, entering the Uinta-Wasatch-Cache National Forest and a canyon formed by the Blacksmith Fork River. The final are inside the forest, serving as an access route to several campgrounds, as well as a diversion dam, and electric plant. The route comes to an end at the Hardware Ranch Wildlife Management Area, a working ranch owned and run by the state of Utah.
For the year 2007, a daily average of 5,075 cars traveled along SR-101 at the intersection with US-89/US-91. This represents only a slight growth from previous years (in 2006, the average was 5,005; in 2005, 4,620). Nineteen percent of this traffic was composed of trucks. The lowest amount of traffic is accounted for on the final stretch of the highway through the Uinta-Wasatch-Cache National Forest, with an average of 670 cars per day traveling to the Hardware Ranch visitors center. This represents a small increase from previous years, with an average of 635 cars per day in 2006 and 585 cars per day in 2005 traveling to the visitors center.
History.
SR-101 was formed in 1931 as a loop off SR-1 (now US-91) from Logan south to Hyrum and west to Wellsville. The road from Hyrum east to the Hardware Ranch was added to the state highway system in 1949 as State Route 242, and that route was extended south to SR-39 in 1965. The legislature redefined the Hyrum-area routes in 1969, taking SR-101 east from Wellsville to the Hardware Ranch over former SR-242, and returning the extension to SR-39 to local control. The leg of former SR-101 from Hyrum north to Logan became part of a new SR-165 at that time. On March 17, 1972, the roadway connecting the Hardware Ranch Visitors Center to SR-101 was added to the state route system as an addition to SR-101. The connector road was previously designated Collector Road 311.

</doc>
<doc id="19609637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609637" title="Helmet Peak (Livingston Island)">
Helmet Peak (Livingston Island)

Helmet Peak is a conspicuous peak rising to in Levski Ridge, Tangra Mountains on Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica just southward of the mouth of Huron Glacier. It is bounded by Devnya Valley to the west, Iskar Glacier to the northeast, and Magura Glacier to the southeast, and has precipitous west and east slopes. It was named by Discovery Investigations personnel during the period 1926–32.
Location.
The peak is located at () which is 2.15 km northeast of Great Needle Peak, 1.66 km east-southeast of Tutrakan Peak, 1.39 km south of Intuition Peak, 1.17 km west of Plovdiv Peak and 2.8 km north of Radichkov Peak.

</doc>
<doc id="19609642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609642" title="Alloclavaria purpurea">
Alloclavaria purpurea

Alloclavaria purpurea is a coral fungus commonly known as the purple coral, or the purple fairy club. Formerly known as "Clavaria purpurea", it has been moved to its own genus as a result of phylogenetic analysis.
Description.
The fruiting body of "Alloclavaria purpurea" is made of numerous slender cylindrical spindles that may grow to a height of , with individual spindles being 2–6 millimeters thick. The color is purple or lavender, although the color fades in older specimens. The spore print is white. It is reported to be edible. Fruit bodies are found in spruce-fir forests.

</doc>
<doc id="19609650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609650" title="Meixner polynomials">
Meixner polynomials

In mathematics, Meixner polynomials (also called discrete Laguerre polynomials) are a family of discrete orthogonal polynomials introduced by . They are given in terms of binomial coefficients and the (rising) Pochhammer symbol by

</doc>
<doc id="19609675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609675" title="Matey Preobrazhenski">
Matey Preobrazhenski

Father Matey Preobrazhenski (, "Matthew of the Transfiguration"; 1828–1 March 1875) was the clerical name of Mono Petrov Seizmonov (Моно Петров Сеизмонов), nicknamed Mitkaloto ("The Wandering One"), Ochmatey or Ochkata, a Bulgarian Orthodox priest, revolutionary, enlightener and a close friend of Vasil Levski.
Father Matey was born in the village of Novo Selo near Veliko Tarnovo in 1828; his two brothers and sister died at an early age. Orphaned at age nine, he went to the Dryanovo Monastery to study tailoring. In 1846, he became a neophyte in the same monastery and a monk in the Transfiguration Monastery in 1848. In 1851, he visited the monasteries on Mount Athos and after a one-year stay went to Varna, Tulcea, the Holy Trinity Monastery near Tarnovo and the Troyan Monastery. He returned to Mount Athos in 1856 and remained there until 1861. He took an interest in reading and studied the books in the monastical libraries; he was also interested in mechanics and attempted to build a sea mill on the coast of the Aegean Sea. However, his secular interests were not approved by the brothers of Mount Athos and left the peninsula after a fight; he used a boat to reach the island of Thasos.
In the following years, Matey Preobrazhenski travelled to Istanbul, Jerusalem, Russia, Bessarabia and Wallachia. In 1862, he cast off the cassock and joined the First Bulgarian Legion in Belgrade, Serbia. In the following year he headed a small detachment which entered Bulgaria, fought an Ottoman detachment and won. In the same year he was actively involved in social work: he became a priest again and travelled around the region of Veliko Tarnovo as a precher and book vendor: besides spreading hagiographies and other Christian books, he also carried patriotic books such as "Istoriya Slavyanobolgarskaya", "O Asenu Pervago", etc. He supported the local population by appointing village teachers, founding community centres ("chitalishta"), producing theatrical plays, organising agricultural associations, issuing own books, etc.
In 1869, Matey Preobrazhenski accompanied Vasil Levski on his tour across Bulgaria. Thanks to Father Matey's good relations with the locals, the two were able to establish a number of revolutionary committees, part of Levski's Internal Revolutionary Organisation. From that point on, Father Matey took an active part in the revolutionary work by carrying the organisation's secret mail and weaponry and accompanying Levski and Angel Kanchev on their journeys. In his native village of Novo Selo he built a committee inn to be used by the organisation's members. After Levski's capture and death in 1873, Matey Preobrazhenski continued to work for the Liberation of Bulgaria. He died on 1 March 1875 in his native village, before he could see the work of his life completed with the April Uprising of 1876 and the Russo-Turkish War of 1877–1878.

</doc>
<doc id="19609694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609694" title="Daddy's Girls (novel)">
Daddy's Girls (novel)

"Daddy's Girls" is the 2006 debut novel by Tasmina Perry. "The Independent" described the novel as a "Shirley Conranesque retro romp". The novel follows four glamorous daughters whose father is murdered.

</doc>
<doc id="19609702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609702" title="The Last Temptation (novel)">
The Last Temptation (novel)

The Last Temptation (2002) is a crime novel by Scottish author Val McDermid, the third in her acclaimed Dr. Tony Hill series, which has been adapted into the ITV television drama "Wire in the Blood", starring Robson Green. This particular novel served loosely as the basis for recent episode "Falls the Shadow".
Synopsis.
Across northern Europe a sadistic serial killer has been gruesomely drowning experimental psychologists, and the case takes on a rare personal aspect for Tony Hill when one of his friends falls victim. Teaming up in Germany with old sidekick Carol Jordan, who's undercover on the trail of some very dangerous crime kingpins, he finds himself drawn into a complex web of Nazi atrocities, child abuse and retribution...

</doc>
<doc id="19609746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609746" title="Adam Bartlett">
Adam Bartlett

Adam James Bartlett (born 27 February 1986) is an English footballer who plays for Gateshead as a goalkeeper. His previous clubs include Blyth Spartans, Kidderminster Harriers and Hereford United. During his final year at Blyth, Bartlett made five appearances for England national football C team.
Career.
Newcastle United.
Born in Newcastle upon Tyne, Tyne and Wear, Bartlett started his career at Newcastle United at the age of nine, where he progressed to reserve team level but never played a competitive first team match. He travelled with the first team squad for a UEFA Champions League match against Internazionale where he was an unused substitute, and was also an Academy goalkeeping coach for the Magpies.
Blyth Spartans.
He made his senior footballing debut at Blyth Spartans, initially as cover for the injured Craig Turns, but soon became the club's first choice goalkeeper. 
Bartlett's impressive performances at Blyth Spartans led to an England C call up and upon his departure from the club he was inducted into Blyth Spartans' Hall of Fame.
Kidderminster Harriers.
In July 2008 Bartlett's contract with Blyth expired and he was signed by Kidderminster Harriers where he was an ever-present in the Conference National during the 2008–09 season. Bartlett also appeared on the losing side in the 2009 Conference National play-off Final after he signed for Cambridge United on an emergency loan. He was named as the Conference Goalkeeper of the Year for 2008–09 which was sponsored by IGOAL, the inflatable portable goal manufacturer.
Hereford United.
On 22 June 2009 Bartlett signed for Hereford United. He helped Hereford upset League One Charlton in a first round League Cup tie on 11 August 2009 in which he saved a penalty from Charlton's Andy Gray in normal time. In March 2010 he extended his Hereford contract for a further year. In May 2011 he signed a new two-year contract with the club.
Gateshead.
On 8 June 2012, Bartlett signed for Gateshead. He made his debut on 11 August 2012 in a 2–2 draw with Luton Town.

</doc>
<doc id="19609761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609761" title="Der-Ilei">
Der-Ilei

Der-Ilei (floruit late 7th century) is believed to have been a daughter, or less probably a sister, of Bridei map Beli, king of the Picts (died 693). There are no explicit mentions of Der-Ilei in the Irish annals or other sources, and her existence and parentage are thus based on the implication of the surviving records. 
Der-Ilei is presumed to have been married to Dargart mac Finguine (died 686), a prince of the Cenél Comgaill. Their children are thought to have included Bruide mac Der-Ilei (died 706) and Nechtan mac Der-Ilei (died 732), kings of the Picts, and perhaps the Comgal mac Dargarto whose death in 712 is noticed by the "Annals of Ulster". 
She also married a man named Drostan—the hypocoristic form of the common name Drest or Drust—with whom she had a son named Talorc or Talorcan—Talorcan, again, is a hypocoristic form. Drostan and Der-Ilei may have been the parents of Finguine, killed in 729 with his son Feroth at the battle of Monith Carno, or he may have been a son of Drostan by another marriage. 
It is not clear which of these marriages produced Der-Ilei's son Ciniod (died 713).
Since Bruide son of Dargart was evidently an adult in 696, and Talorc son of Drostan does not appear in the record until 713, it is thought that Der-Ilei married Drostan following the death of Dargart.

</doc>
<doc id="19609762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609762" title="Claude, Duke of Chevreuse">
Claude, Duke of Chevreuse

Claude de Lorraine (5 June 1578 – 24 January 1657), also called "Claude de Guise", was a French noble and husband of Marie de Rohan. He was the Duke of Chevreuse, a title which is today used by the Duke of Luynes.
Biography.
He was the third son of Henry I, Duke of Guise and Catherine de Clèves.<br>
Prince of Joinville, he is made Duke of Chevreuse and peer of France by Louis XIII in 1611, Grand Chamberlain of France in 1621 and Grand Falconer of France in 1622. In 1625 Charles I of England made him a Knight in the Order of the Garter.
In 1622, he married Marie de Rohan, who was 22 years younger than himself.<br>
They had 3 daughters:
He lived with his family in the château de Dampierre, near Chevreuse.
Living an inconspicuous life, Claude succeeded in distancing himself from his wife's plotting (as a favorite of Queen Anne of Austria she was involved in many political intrigues at the court of King Louis XIII of France).
He died without a male heir in 1657.

</doc>
<doc id="19609784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609784" title="Political Centre (Russia)">
Political Centre (Russia)

Political Centre () was an independent political group in Irkutsk during the Russian Civil War (1917–1923).
Being established in November 1919, its leaning was leftist: SR and Menshevik. The target was to remove Aleksandr Kolchak from power. That's historically why the Political Centre members joined local Bolsheviks and on 21 December 1919 began the uprising. The Political Centre directed the National Revolutionary Army ().
The Political Centre ended on 21 January 1920 when it transferred power to the Bolsheviks.

</doc>
<doc id="19609792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609792" title="Net capital rule">
Net capital rule

The uniform net capital rule is a rule created by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") in 1975 to regulate directly the ability of broker-dealers to meet their financial obligations to customers and other creditors. Broker-dealers are companies that trade securities for customers (i.e., brokers) and for their own accounts (i.e., dealers). 
The rule requires those firms to value their securities at market prices and to apply to those values a haircut (i.e., a discount) based on each security's risk characteristics. The haircut values of securities are used to compute the liquidation value of a broker-dealer's assets to determine whether the broker-dealer holds enough liquid assets to pay all its non-subordinated liabilities and to still retain a "cushion" of required liquid assets (i.e., the "net capital" requirement) to ensure payment of all obligations owed to customers if there is a delay in liquidating the assets.
On April 28, 2004, the SEC voted unanimously to permit the largest broker-dealers (i.e., those with "tentative net capital" of more than $5 billion) to apply for exemptions from this established "haircut" method. Upon receiving SEC approval, those firms were permitted to use mathematical models to compute the haircuts on their securities based on international standards used by commercial banks. 
Since 2008, many commentators on the financial crisis of 2007-2009 have identified the 2004 rule change as an important cause of the crisis on the basis it permitted certain large investment banks (i.e., Bear Stearns, Goldman Sachs, Lehman Brothers, Merrill Lynch, and Morgan Stanley) to increase dramatically their leverage (i.e., the ratio of their debt or assets to their equity). Financial reports filed by those companies show an increase in their leverage ratios from 2004 through 2007 (and into 2008), but financial reports filed by the same companies before 2004 show higher reported leverage ratios for four of the five firms in years before 2004. 
The 2004 rule change remains in effect. The companies that received SEC approval to use its haircut computation method continue to use that method, subject to modifications that became effective January 1, 2010.
The net capital rule and the financial crisis of 2007-2009.
2008 explanation.
Beginning in 2008, many observers remarked that the 2004 change to the SEC's net capital rule permitted investment banks to increase their leverage and this played a central role in the financial crisis of 2007-2009.
This position appears to have been first described by Lee A. Pickard, Director of the SEC's Division of Market Regulation (the former name of the current Division of Trading and Markets) at the time the SEC's uniform net capital rule was adopted in 1975. In an August 8, 2008, commentary, Mr. Pickard wrote that before the 2004 rule change, broker-dealers were limited in the amount of debt they could incur, to a ratio of about 12 times their net capital, but that they operated at significantly lower ratios. He concluded that, if they had been subject to the net capital rule as it existed before the 2004 rule change, broker-dealers would not have been able to incur their high debt levels without first having increased their capital bases. In what became a widely cited September 18, 2008, "New York Sun" article (the "2008 NY Sun Article"), Mr. Pickard was quoted as stating the SEC's 2004 rule change was the primary reason large losses were incurred at investment banks.
Perhaps the most influential review of the 2004 rule change was an October 3, 2008, front page "New York Times" article titled "Agency's '04 Rule Let Banks Pile Up New Debt" (the "2008 NY Times Article"). That article explained the net capital rule applied to the "brokerage units" of investment banks and stated the 2004 rule change created "an exemption" from an old rule that limited the amount of debt they could take on. According to the article, the rule change unshackled "billions of dollars held in reserve against losses" and led to investment banks dramatically increasing their leverage.
In late 2008 and early 2009, prominent scholars such as Alan Blinder, John Coffee, Niall Ferguson, and Joseph Stiglitz explained (1) the old net capital rule limited investment bank leverage (defined as the ratio of debt to equity) to 12 (or 15) to 1 and (2) following the 2004 rule change, which relaxed or eliminated this restriction, investment bank leverage increased dramatically to 30 and even 40 to 1 or more. The investment bank leverage cited by these scholars was the leverage reported by the Consolidated Supervised Entity Holding Companies in their financial reports filed with the SEC.
Daniel Gross wrote in "Slate" magazine: "Going public allowed investment banks to get bigger, which then gave them the heft to mold the regulatory system to their liking. Perhaps the most disastrous decision of the past decade was the Securities and Exchange Commission's 2004 rule change allowing investment banks to increase the amount of debt they could take on their books—a move made at the request of the Gang of Five's CEOs." He was referring to the net capital rule change.
SEC response.
In connection with an investigation into the SEC's role in the collapse of Bear Stearns, in late September, 2008, the SEC's Division of Trading and Markets responded to an early formulation of this position by maintaining (1) it confuses leverage at the Bear Stearns holding company, which was never regulated by the net capital rule, with leverage at the broker-dealer subsidiaries covered by the net capital rule, and (2) before and after the 2004 rule change the broker-dealers covered by the 2004 rule change were subject to a net capital requirement equal to 2% of customer receivables not a 12 to 1 leverage test. 
In an April 9, 2009, speech ("2009 Sirri Speech") Erik Sirri, then Director of the SEC's Division of Trading and Markets, expanded on this explanation by stating (1) the 2004 rule change did not affect the "basic" net capital rule that had a leverage limit (albeit one that excluded much broker-dealer debt), (2) an "alternative" net capital rule established in 1975 that did not contain a direct leverage limit applied to the broker-dealer subsidiaries of the five largest investment banks (and other large broker-dealers), and (3) neither form of the net capital rule was designed (nor operated) to constrain leverage at the investment bank holding company level, where leverage and, more important, risk was concentrated in business units other than broker-dealer subsidiaries.
In a July 2009 report, the General Accountability Office ("GAO") reported that SEC staff had stated to the GAO that (1) CSE Brokers did not take on larger proprietary positions after applying reduced haircuts to those positions under the 2004 rule change and (2) leverage at those CSE Brokers was driven by customer margin loans, repurchase agreements, and stock lending, which were marked daily and secured by collateral that exposed the CSE Brokers to little if any risk. The report also stated officials at a former CSE Holding Company told the GAO they did not join the CSE program to increase leverage. The GAO confirmed that leverage at the CSE Holding Companies had been higher at the end of 1998 than at the end of 2006 just before the financial crisis began. The GAO report includes a comment letter from the SEC that reaffirms points raised in the 2009 Sirri Speech and states that commentators have "mischaracterized" the 2004 rule change as having allowed CSE Brokers to increase their leverage or as having been a major contributor to the financial crisis. The letter states that the CSE Broker "tentative net capital" levels "remained relatively stable after they began operating under the 2004 amendments, and, in some cases, increased significantly."
Status of 2004 rule change.
It has been widely noted that all five of the investment bank holding companies affected by the 2004 rule change no longer exist as independent companies or have converted into bank holding companies. Less noted is that the five broker-dealers originally owned by those investment bank holding companies continue to compute their compliance with the SEC's net capital rule using the alternative net capital computation method established by the 2004 rule change. Under the 2004 rule change the difference is that those CSE Brokers (like Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and JP Morgan Securities Inc. before them) are now owned by bank holding companies subject to consolidated supervision by the Federal Reserve, not by the SEC under the CSE Program described below.
In her prepared testimony for a January 14, 2010, hearing before the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission ("FCIC"), SEC Chair Mary Schapiro stated SEC staff had informed CSE Brokers in December 2009 that "they will require that these broker-dealers take standardized net capital charges on less liquid mortgage and other asset-backed securities positions rather than using financial models to calculate net capital requirements." In her prepared testimony for an April 20, 2010, hearing before the House Financial Services Committee, Chairman Schapiro repeated this explanation and added that the new requirements took effect January 1, 2010. She also stated the SEC was reviewing whether the "alternative net capital computation" system established by the 2004 rule change "should be substantially modified" and more generally whether minimum net capital requirements should be increased for all broker-dealers.
Background to and adoption of net capital rule.
The SEC's "Uniform Net Capital Rule" (the "Basic Method") was adopted in 1975 following a financial market and broker record-keeping crisis during the period from 1967-1970. In the same 1975 release that adopted the Basic Method, the SEC established the "Alternative Net Capital Requirement for Certain Brokers and Dealers" (the "Alternative Method"). The SEC had maintained a net capital rule since 1944, but had exempted broker-dealers subject to "more comprehensive" capital requirements imposed by identified exchanges such as the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE). The 1975 uniform net capital rule continued many features of the existing SEC net capital rule, but adopted other (more stringent) requirements of the NYSE net capital rule.
Rule applies to broker-dealers, not their parent holding companies.
Both the Basic Method and the Alternative Method applied to broker-dealers. At no time did the SEC impose a net capital requirement on the holding company parent of a broker-dealer. Brokers buy and sell securities for the account of customers. The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 had given the SEC authority to regulate the financial condition of broker-dealers to provide customers some assurance that their broker could meet its obligations to them. 
Holding companies that owned broker-dealers were treated like other "unregulated" companies to which parties extend credit based on their own judgments without the assurance provided by regulatory oversight of a company's financial condition. In practice, the "independent check" on such financial condition became the rating agencies. In order to conduct their dealer and other credit sensitive activities, the large investment bank holding companies managed their leverage and overall financial condition to achieve at least the "A" credit rating considered necessary for such activities. Each of the investment banks that became a CSE Holding Company stressed the importance of a "net leverage" measure that excluded collateralized customer financing arrangements and other "low risk" assets in determining "net assets." This net leverage ratio was used by one rating agency in assessing investment bank capital strength and produced a leverage ratio much lower than the "gross leverage" ratio computed from total assets and shareholders' equity.
Goals and tests of net capital rule.
Self liquidation principle.
The SEC has stated the net capital rule is intended to require "every broker-dealer to maintain at all times specified minimum levels of liquid assets, or net capital, sufficient to enable a firm that falls below its minimum requirement to liquidate in an orderly fashion." The Basic Method tries to reach this goal by measuring such "liquid assets" of the broker-dealer against most of its unsecured indebtedness. The "liquid assets" serve as the "cushion" to cover full repayment of that unsecured debt. The Alternative Method instead measures the "liquid assets" against obligations owed by customers to the broker-dealer. The "liquid assets" serve as the "cushion" for the broker-dealer's recovery of the full amounts owed to it by customers. 
Although the Basic and Alternative Methods end with these different tests, both begin by requiring a broker-dealer to compute its "net capital." To do so, the broker-dealer first computes its equity under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ("GAAP") by marking to market securities and other assets and then reduces that computation by the amount of "illiquid assets" it holds. The broker-dealer adds to this total the amount of any "qualifying subordinated debt" it owes. This preliminary amount is the broker-dealer's "tentative net capital." After so computing "tentative net capital" the broker-dealer adjust that amount by making further reductions in the value of its securities based on percentage reductions ("haircuts") in their market value. The amount of the "haircut" applied to a security depends upon its perceived "risk characteristics." A stock portfolio, for example, would have a haircut of 15%, while a 30-year U.S. treasury bond, because it is less risky, would have a 6% haircut.
In theory, a calculation of "net capital" greater than zero would mean the "liquid assets" owned by a broker-dealer could be sold to repay all its obligations, even those not then due, other than any qualifying subordinated debt that the net capital rule treated as equity. Nevertheless, both the Basic and Alternative Method imposed a second step under which broker-dealers were required to compute a "cushion of liquid assets in excess of liabilities to cover potential market, credit, and other risks if they should be required to liquidate." This cushion could also be used to pay continuing operating costs while the broker-dealer liquidated, an issue particularly important for small broker-dealers with small absolute dollar amounts of required net capital. 
Because the required net capital amount is a "cushion" or "buffer" to cover a broker-dealer's continuing operating costs as it liquidates and any exceptional losses in selling assets already discounted in computing net capital, the required level of net capital is measured against a much more limited amount of liabilities or assets than described (or assumed) by the commentators in Section 1.1 above. The "second step" in both the Basic Method and the Alternative Method makes this measurement.
Basic Method as partial unsecured debt limit.
For this second step, the Basic Method adopted the traditional liability coverage test that had long been imposed by the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") and other "self regulatory" exchanges on their members and by the SEC on broker-dealers that were not members of such an exchange. Using that approach, the SEC required that a broker-dealer subject to the Basic Method maintain "net capital" equal to at least 6-2/3% of its "aggregate indebtedness." This is commonly referred to as a 15 to 1 leverage limit, because it meant "aggregate indebtedness" could not be more than 15 times the amount of "net capital." "Aggregate indebtedness", however, excluded "adequately secured debt", subordinated debt and other specified liabilities, so that even the Basic Method did not limit to 15 to 1 a broker-dealer's overall leverage computed from a GAAP financial statement. 
In practice, broker-dealers are heavily financed through repurchase agreements and other forms of secured borrowing. Their leverage computed from a GAAP balance sheet would, therefore, usually be higher (possibly much higher) than the ratio of their "aggregate indebtedness" to "net capital", which is the "leverage" ratio tested by the Basic Method. This exclusion of secured debt from the "aggregate indebtedness" test is broader than, but similar to, the rating agency approach to excluding certain secured debt in computing net leverage described in Section 2.1 above.
Alternative Method as customer receivable limit.
The Alternative Method was optional for broker-dealers that computed "aggregate debit items" owed by customers in accordance with the "customer reserve formula" established by the SEC's 1972 segregation rules for customer assets. Under its second step, a broker-dealer using the Alternative Method was required to maintain "net capital" equal to at least 4% of "aggregate debit items" owed by customers to the broker-dealer. This approach assumed receipts from amounts owed by customers would be used, along with the net capital cushion consisting of "liquid assets", to satisfy the broker-dealer's obligations to its customers, and to meet any administrative costs, in a liquidation of the broker-dealer's business. The net capital in the form of "liquid assets" of the broker-dealer, however, was not required to be separately escrowed for the exclusive benefit of customers. 
The Alternative Method did not directly regulate the overall leverage of a broker-dealer. As the SEC explained in adopting the net capital rule, the Alternative Method "indicates to other creditors with whom the broker or dealer may deal what portion of its liquid assets in excess of that required to protect customers is available to meet other commitments of the broker or dealer."
In 1982 the net capital required under the Alternative Method was reduced to 2% of customer indebtedness. This meant customer receivables could not exceed 50 times the broker-dealers net capital. Neither at 2% nor at 4% required net capital did the resulting implicit 25 to 1 or 50 to 1 leverage limit on assets apply to a broker-dealer's overall assets. The 2% or 4% capital requirement was solely for customer assets (i.e., amounts owed by customers to the broker-dealer).
Early warning requirements.
The 2009 Sirri Speech noted that the "early warning requirements" under the net capital rule were the "effective limits" for the CSE Brokers. Aside from the $5 billion tentative net capital reporting requirement established for CSE Brokers in the 2004 rule change, the SEC required before and after 2004 "early warning" notice to the SEC if a broker-dealer's net capital fell below a specified level higher than the required minimum that would trigger a broker-dealer liquidation. Upon providing such notice, a broker-dealer would become subject to closer supervision and would be prohibited from making capital distributions. Such distributions are also prohibited if they would trigger an early warning requirement. 
Each broker-dealer was required to issue an "early warning" if its net capital dropped to less than 120% of the broker-dealer's absolute dollar minimum requirement. For broker-dealers using the Basic Method an "early warning" was required if their "aggregate indebtedness" became more than 12 times the amount of their "net capital." The 2009 Sirri Speech suggests this is the likely source for the widely stated proposition that broker-dealers were subject to a 12 to 1 leverage limit. For broker-dealers using the Alternative Method, such as all the CSE Brokers, there was an "early warning" requirement if their "aggregate debit items" became more than 20 times the amount of their net capital (i.e., if net capital did not at least equal 5% of aggregate debit items).
Post-1975 experience under net capital rule.
The uniform net capital rule was introduced in 1975 at a time of great change in the brokerage industry. The contemporaneous elimination of fixed commissions is often cited as reducing broker profitability and leading to a greater emphasis on "proprietary trading" and other "principal transactions."
Broker-dealer leverage increased after SEC enacted uniform net capital rule.
Following enactment of the SEC's uniform net capital rule in 1975 reported overall leverage at broker-dealers increased. In a 1980 Release proposing changes in the "haircuts" used for net capital computations, the SEC noted aggregate broker-dealer leverage had increased from 7.44 and 7.45 to 1 debt to equity ratios in 1974 and 1975 to a ratio of 17.95 to 1 in 1979. The GAO found that by 1991 the average leverage ratio for thirteen large broker-dealers it studied was 27 to 1. The average among nine was even higher.
Large broker-dealers use Alternative Method.
The same 1980 SEC Release noted a clear distinction in the application of the net capital rule. Most broker-dealers used the Basic Method. Large broker-dealers, which increasingly held the great majority of customer balances, used the Alternative Method. Reflecting this division, all of the large broker-dealers owned by investment bank holding companies that would become CSE Brokers after the 2004 rule change described below used the Alternative Method.
There are two recognized obstacles to adopting the Alternative Method. First, the $250,000 absolute minimum net capital requirement under the Alternative Method can be lower under the Basic Method if a broker-dealer limits its customer activities. This keeps many small broker-dealers from adopting the Alternative Method.
Second, to adopt the Alternative Method a broker-dealer must compute the "aggregate debit balances" owed by customers under the "customer reserve formula" specified by SEC Rule 15c3-3. Many small broker-dealers prefer to comply with one of the three exemptions from the Rule 15c3-3 requirements rather than create the operational capabilities to "fully compute" compliance with the customer reserve formula. These exemptions impose strict limits on a broker-dealers ability to handle customer funds and securities.
Neither consideration applied to the CSE Brokers. They held net capital in the billions, not hundreds of thousands, of dollars. They conducted customer brokerage activities that required full computation of the customer reserve formula under Rule 15c3-3. They used the Alternative Method and had done so for many years before the adoption of the CSE Program. This reduced their net capital requirement.
2004 change to net capital rule.
In 2004 the SEC amended the net capital rule to permit broker-dealers with at least $5 billion in "tentative net capital" to apply for an "exemption" from the established method for computing "haircuts" and to compute their net capital by using historic data based mathematical models and scenario testing authorized for commercial banks by the "Basel Standards." According to Barry Ritholtz, this rule was known as the Bear Stearns exemption. This "exemption" from the traditional method for computing "haircuts" ultimately covered Bear Stearns, the four larger investment bank firms (i.e., Lehman Brothers, Merrill Lynch, Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs), and two commercial bank firms (i.e., Citigroup and JP Morgan Chase). It has been suggested Henry Paulson, the then chief executive officer of Goldman Sachs, "led" in "the lobbying charge" for the rule change permitting these "exemptions."
The SEC expected this change to significantly increase the amount of net capital computed by those broker-dealers. This would permit the parent holding companies of the broker-dealers to redeploy the resulting "excess" net capital in other lines of business. To lessen this effect, the SEC adopted a new $500 million minimum net capital (and $1 billion "tentative net capital") requirement for such brokers and, more important, required each to provide the SEC an "early warning" if its "tentative net capital" fell below $5 billion. Previously, their minimum net capital requirement was only $250,000 with an early warning requirement of $300,000, although the relevant minimums for such large broker-dealers were the much larger amounts resulting from the requirement to maintain net capital of 2% of aggregate debit items with an early warning requirement at 5% of aggregate debit balances. The SEC also permitted CSE Brokers to calculate "tentative net capital" by including "assets for which there is no ready market" to the extent the SEC approved the CSE Broker's use of mathematical models to determine haircuts for those positions.
Issues addressed by rule change.
The 2004 change to the net capital rule responded to two issues. First, the European Union ("EU") had adopted in 2002 a Financial Conglomerate Directive that would become effective on January 1, 2005, after being enacted into law by member states in 2004. This Directive required supplemental supervision for unregulated financial (i.e., bank, insurance, or securities) holding companies that controlled regulated entities (such as a broker-dealer). If the relevant holding company was not located in an EU country, an EU member country could exempt the non-EU holding company from the supplemental supervision if it determined the holding company's home country provided "equivalent" supervision. 
The second issue was whether and how to apply to broker-dealers capital standards based on those applicable internationally to competitors of US broker-dealers. Those standards (the "Basel Standards") had been established by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision and had been the subject of a "concept release" issued by the SEC in 1997 concerning their application to the net capital rule. 
In the United States there was no consolidated supervision for investment bank holding companies, only SEC supervision of their regulated broker-dealer subsidiaries and other regulated entities such as investment advisors. The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, which had eliminated the vestiges of the Glass–Steagall Act separating commercial and investment banking, had established an optional system for investment bank firms to register with the SEC as "Supervised Investment Bank Holding Companies." Commercial bank holding companies had long been subject to consolidated supervision by the Federal Reserve as "bank holding companies." 
To address the approaching European consolidated supervision deadline, the SEC issued two proposals in 2003, which were enacted in 2004 as final rules. One (the "SIBHC Program") established rules under which a company that owned a broker-dealer, but not a bank, could register with the SEC as an investment bank holding company. The second (the "CSE Program") established a new alternative net capital computation method for a qualifying broker-dealer (a "CSE Broker") if its holding company (a "CSE Holding Company") elected to become a "Consolidated Supervised Entity." The SEC estimated it would cost each CSE Holding Company approximately $8 million per year to establish a European sub-holding company for its EU operations if "equivalent" consolidated supervision were not established in the United States. 
Both the SIBHC and the CSE Programs laid out programs to monitor investment bank holding company market, credit, liquidity, operational and other "risks." The CSE Program had the added feature of permitting a CSE Broker to compute its net capital based on Basel Standards.
Delayed use of rule change by CSE Brokers.
Ultimately, five investment bank holding companies (The Bear Stearns Companies Inc., The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc., Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc. and Morgan Stanley) entered the CSE Program. The SEC was thereby authorized to review the capital structure and risk management procedures of those holding companies. The holding companies were not eligible to enter the SIBHC Program because each owned a bank, although not the type of bank that would cause the holding company to be supervised by the Federal Reserve as a bank holding company. In addition two bank holding companies (Citigroup Inc. and JP Morgan Chase & Co.) entered the CSE Program.
A broker-dealer subsidiary of Merrill Lynch was the first to begin computing its net capital using the new method, beginning January 1, 2005. A Goldman Sachs broker-dealer subsidiary began using the new method after March 23, but before May 27, 2005. Broker-dealer subsidiaries of Bear Stearns, Lehman Brothers, and Morgan Stanley all began using the new method on December 1, 2005, the first day of the 2006 fiscal year for each of those CSE Holding Companies.
Possible effects of use of rule change.
By permitting CSE Brokers to compute their net capital using Basel Standards, the SEC stated it had expected roughly a 40% reduction in the amount of "haircuts" imposed in computing a CSE Broker's "net capital" before giving effect to the $5 billion "tentative net capital" early warning requirement added in the final rule. The SEC also noted, however, it was unclear whether this would lead to any reduction in actual capital levels at broker-dealers, because broker-dealers typically maintain net capital in excess of required levels. In part this is because broker-dealers using the Alternative Method are required to report when net capital falls below 5% of "aggregate customer debit balances." At that level, a broker-dealer is prohibited from distributing excess capital to its owner. As a 1998 GAO Report noted, however, the excess net capital in large broker-dealers greatly exceeds even that "early warning" requirement and is best explained by the requirements imposed by counterparties in order to transact business with the broker-dealer. This had long been true for broker-dealers. A 1987 paper published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York found that at year end 1986 sixteen diversified broker-dealers reported average net capital 7.3 times larger than required net capital ($408 million average reported level and $65 million average required level). The same paper stated "Market pressures, rather than regulations, determine how much excess net capital securities firms need to compete." Nevertheless, to protect against significant reductions in CSE Broker net capital, the SEC imposed the additional "early warning" requirement that required a CSE Broker to notify the SEC if its "tentative net capital" dropped below $5 billion. 
Thus, the 2004 change to the Alternative Method raised the possibility increased net capital computations based on the same assets (and additional "less liquid" securities) would weaken customer protections in a CSE Broker liquidation. It also raised the possibility capital would be withdrawn from CSE Brokers and used in the non-broker/dealer business of CSE Holding Companies. It did not change the test against which net capital was measured. That test had never directly limited overall leverage of either a broker-dealer or its parent holding company.
The collapses of Bear Stearns and Lehman Brothers.
Bear Stearns.
Bear Stearns was the first CSE Holding Company to collapse. It was "saved" through an "arranged" merger with JP Morgan Chase & Co. ("JP Morgan") announced on March 17, 2008, in connection with which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York ("FRBNY") made a $29 billion loan to a special purpose entity (Maiden Lane LLC) that took ownership of various assets of Bear Stearns with a quoted market value of $30 billion as of March 14, 2008. 
The broker-dealer operations of Bear Stearns were absorbed by JP Morgan. The reported net capital position of the Bear Stearns CSE Broker (Bear Stearns & Co. Inc) was adequate and, it appears, would have been adequate under the pre-2004 "haircuts" as well.
Lehman Brothers.
Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc entered bankruptcy on September 15, 2008. Its CSE Broker (Lehman Brothers Inc ("LBI")) was not included in the bankruptcy filing and continued to operate until its customer accounts and other assets were acquired by Barclays Capital Inc. As a condition to that acquisition the Securities Investor Protection Corporation ("SIPC") commenced a liquidation of LBI on September 19, 2008, in order to complete the transfer of LBI customer accounts and resolve disputes about the status of accounts.
Although there has been controversy about two overnight loans to LBI guaranteed by the FRBNY, it appears those loans funded intraday or overnight exposures of LBI to its customers in connection with settlements of customer transactions and that the collateral supporting those loans (i.e., customer settlement payments) repaid the loans on the day they were made or the following day. Reports indicate the "troubled assets" held by Lehman were commercial real estate assets.
Capital withdrawals from CSE Brokers and leverage at CSE Holding Companies.
While the CSE Brokers of Bear and Lehman may have remained solvent and liquid after the 2004 net capital rule change, it has been suggested the change had the effect of permitting a large expansion of the non-broker/dealer operations of Bear, Lehman, and the other CSE Holding Companies because they were able to extract excess net capital from their broker-dealers and use that capital to acquire dangerously large exposures to "risky assets."
Limited evidence of capital withdrawals from CSE Brokers.
There does not appear to be any publicly available study comparing capital levels at CSE Brokers before and after they began using the net capital computation method permitted by the 2004 rule change. As described in Section 1.2 above, the SEC has stated "tentative net capital" levels at the CSE Brokers remained stable, or in some cases increased, after the 2004 rule change. CSE Brokers, however, could be permitted to include in net capital computations some "less liquid" securities that were excluded before the 2004 rule change. 
The only CSE Holding Company that provided separate financial information for its CSE Broker, through consolidating financial statements, in its Form 10-K Report filings was Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc, because that CSE Broker (LBI) had sold subordinated debt in a public offering. Those filings show LBI's reported shareholders' equity increased after it became a CSE Broker. Goldman Sachs provides on its website an archive of the periodic Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition reports issued for its CSE Broker, Goldman Sachs & Co., which continued to operate as a limited partnership. Those statements show 2004 fiscal year-end GAAP total partners' capital of $4.211 billion, before Goldmans Sachs & Co. became a CSE Broker, growing to $6.248 billion by fiscal year-end 2007.
Merrill Lynch reported in its Form 10-K Report for 2005 that, in 2005, it made two withdrawals of capital from its CSE Broker in the total amount of $2.5 billion. In the same Form 10-K Report Merrill Lynch stated that the 2004 rule change was intended to "reduce regulatory capital costs" and that its CSE Broker subsidiary expected to make further reductions in its excess net capital. In that 2005 Form 10-K Report Merrill Lynch also reported that its consolidated year-end shareholders' equity for 2004 was $31.4 billion and for 2005 was $35.6 billion. 
The other three CSE Brokers that reported net capital levels (i.e., Bear Stearns, Lehman Brothers, and Morgan Stanley) all reported significant increases in net capital in their CSE Holding Companies' Form 10-Q Reports for the first reporting period for which they used the new computation method (i.e., the first fiscal quarter of 2006), which would be consistent with reduced haircuts under that method. Bear Stearns and Lehman Brothers reported subsequent decreases that could be consistent with capital withdrawals. In earlier periods, however, broker-dealers that later became CSE Brokers also reported fluctuations in net capital levels with periods of significant decreases. None of these three CSE Holding Companies, nor Merrill Lynch after 2005, reported capital withdrawals from CSE Brokers in their Form 10-Q or 10-K Reports.
CSE Holding Company leverage increased after 2004, but was higher in 1990s.
Studies of Form 10-K and Form 10-Q Report filings by CSE Holding Companies have shown their overall reported year-end leverage increased during the period from 2003 through 2007 and their overall reported fiscal quarter leverage increased from August 2006 through February 2008. Form 10-K Report filings for the same firms reporting fiscal year-end balance sheet information for the period from 1993 through 2002 show reported fiscal year-end leverage ratios in one or more years before 2000 for 4 of the 5 firms higher than their reported year-end leverage for any year from 2004 through 2007. Only Morgan Stanley had higher reported fiscal year-end leverage in 2007 than in any previous year since 1993. The year-end debt to equity ratios of 38.2 to 1 for Lehman in 1993, 34.2 to 1 for Merrill in 1997, and of 35 to 1 for Bear and 31.6 to 1 for Goldman in 1998 were all reached before the 2004 rule change. Even Morgan Stanley, which reported lower leverage after its 1997 merger with Dean Witter Reynolds, reported before the merger a 1996 fiscal year-end debt to equity leverage of 29.1 to 1. 
The higher leverage reported by the four firms in the 1990s was not an anomaly of their reported year-end leverage ratios. Form 10-Q Reports filed by three of those four CSE Holding Companies show an even more marked difference between fiscal quarter end debt to equity ratios reported in the 1990s and the ratios reported after 2004. Each of the eight 10-Qs filed by Bear Stearns from its first fiscal quarter of 1997 through the second of 1999 show a debt to leverage ratio higher than the highest ratio (32.5 to 1) Bear reported in any Form 10-Q filed after 2004. Lehman Brothers reported a debt to equity ratio of 54.2 to 1 in its first Form 10-Q Report on the SEC's website (for the first fiscal quarter of 1994). All nine of Lehman's 10-Qs filed in 1997 through 1999 show higher debt to equity ratios than any of its 10-Qs filed after 2004. Merrill Lynch's highest reported debt to equity ratio in a Form 10-Q filed after 2004 is 27.5 to 1. All seven of Merrill's 10-Qs filed from the first fiscal quarter of 1997 through the first quarter of 1999 show a higher ratio. Because Goldman Sachs did not become a public company until 1999, it did not file Form 10-Q Reports during this period. The higher fiscal quarter spikes of investment bank leverage during the 1990s compared to after 2004 is graphically depicted in a 2008 NYFRB Staff Report.
The fact the investment banks that later became CSE Holding Companies had leverage levels well above 15 to 1 in the 1990s was noted before 2008. The President's Working Group on Financial Markets pointed out in its April 1999 report on hedge funds and the collapse of Long-Term Capital Management that those five largest investment banks averaged 27 to 1 leverage in 1998. At a more popular level, that finding was noted by Frank Partnoy in his 2004 book "Infectious greed: how deceit and risk corrupted the financial markets." In 1999, the GAO provided leverage statistics for the four largest investment banks in its LTCM report showing Goldman Sachs and Merrill both exceeding the LTCM leverage ratio (at 34-to-1 and 30-to-1, respectively), Lehman equaling LTCM's 28-to-1 leverage, and Morgan Stanley trailing at 22-to-1. A 2009 GAO report repeated those findings and charted leverage from 1998 to 2007 for four of the CSE Holding Company to show three of those firms had higher leverage at the end of fiscal year 1998 than "at fiscal year-end 2006 before the crisis began."
Net capital rule in financial crisis explanations since 2008.
Since 2008, the conclusion that the 2004 rule change permitted dramatically increased leverage at CSE Holding Companies has become firmly embedded in the vast literature commenting on the financial crisis of 2007-2009 and in testimony before Congress. In "This Time is Different" Professors Carmen M. Reinhart and Kenneth S. Rogoff characterize the 2004 rule change as the SEC's decision "to allow investment banks to triple their leverage ratios." In "Too Big to Save" Robert Pozen writes "the fundamental problem" for the CSE Holding Companies "resulted primarily from the SEC's decision to permit them to more than double their leverage ratio, combined with the SEC's ineffective efforts to implement the consolidated supervision" of the CSE Holding Companies. Jane D'Arista testified to the House Financial Services Committee in October, 2009, that the 2004 rule change constituted a "relaxation of the leverage limit for investment banks from $12 to $30 per $1 of capital." The issue entered military theory when Gautam Mukunda and Major General William J. Troy wrote, in the US Army War College Quarterly, that the 2004 rule change allowed investment banks "to increase their leverage to as high as 40 to 1" when previously "the SEC had limited investment banks to a leverage ratio of 12 to 1." 
In reviewing similar statements made by former SEC chief economist Susan Woodward and, as cited in Section 1.1, Professors Alan Blinder, John Coffee, and Joseph Stiglitz, Professor Andrew Lo and Mark Mueller note 1999 and 2009 GAO reports documented investment bank leverage ratios had been higher before 2000 than after the 2004 rule change and that "these leverage numbers were in the public domain and easily available through company annual reports and quarterly SEC filings." Lo and Mueller cite this as an example of how "sophisticated and informed individuals can be so easily misled on a relatively simple and empirically verifiable issue", which "underscores the need for careful deliberation and analysis, particularly during periods of extreme distress when the sense of urgency may cause us to draw inferences too quickly and inaccurately." They describe how mental errors that contributed to the financial crisis and that now contribute to mistaken understandings of that crisis flow from "mental models of reality that are not complete or entirely accurate" but that lead us to accept, without critical review, information that "confirms our preconceptions."
Lo and Mueller note the New York Times has not corrected the 2008 NY Times Article. At least two of the scholars mentioned in Section 1.2 have (by implication) corrected their 2008 statements that before 2004 investment bank leverage was limited to 12 to 1. In the July–August 2009 issue of the Harvard Business Review, Niall Ferguson noted information that from 1993 to 2002 Bear Stearns, Goldman Sachs, Merrill Lynch, and Morgan Stanley reported average leverage ratios of 26 to 1 (with Bear Stearns having an average ratio of 32 to 1 during those years). In his 2010 book, "Freefall", Joseph Stiglitz noted that in 2002 leverage at the large investment banks was as high as 29 to 1. He also directed readers to the 2009 Sirri Speech and the 2008 NY Sun Article for different views on the role of the 2004 rule change in investment bank difficulties.
Net capital rule in Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission report.
The "Financial Inquiry Crisis Report" ("FCIC Report") issued by the FCIC on January 27, 2011, presented the FCIC majority's view of the effect of the 2004 net capital rule change on leverage by stating: "Leverage at the investment banks increased from 2004 to 2007, growth that some critics have blamed on the SEC's change in the net capital rules…In fact, leverage had been higher at the five investment banks in the late 1990s, then dropped before increasing over the life of the CSE program—a history that suggests that the program was not solely responsible for the changes."
Thus, while the FCIC Report identified leverage, especially leverage at investment banks, as an important feature of the financial crisis, it did not identify the 2004 net capital rule change as creating or permitting that leverage. The FCIC Report also noted the 18 month delay before all the CSE Holding Companies qualified for the CSE Program. While the FCIC Report did not draw any conclusion from this delay beyond including it in a general critique of the SEC's execution of the CSE Program, as described in Section 5.2 above the delay eliminates the 2004 rule change from playing a role in any increase in CSE Holding Company leverage in 2004. Because they all only entered the CSE Program at the beginning of their 2006 fiscal years, the delay eliminates the 2004 rule change from playing a role in any 2005 leverage increases reported by Bear Stearns, Lehman Brothers, or Morgan Stanley.
The FCIC Report was highly critical of the SEC's implementation of the CSE Program, rejected former SEC Chairman Christopher Cox's assertion that the program was "fatally flawed" by being voluntary, and specifically concluded that the SEC failed to exercise the powers it had under the CSE Program to restrict the "risky activities" of CSE Holding Companies and to "require them to hold adequate capital and liquidity for their activities." The SEC did not have those powers before 2004 and only gained them through the CSE Program. 
The persistent confusion about the application of the net capital rule to CSE Holding Companies, however, resurfaced in the FCIC Report. After explaining the net capital rule applied to broker-dealers, not their parent holding companies, the FCIC Report misquoted the 2009 Sirri Speech as stating "investment bank net capital was stable, or in some cases increased, after the rule change." As a more serious indication of continuing misunderstanding of the 2004 rule change, on the day the FCIC issued its report (January 27, 2011) economist Robert Hall addressed an MIT symposium on economics and finance. In describing the background to the financial crisis he stated: "I think that the one most important failure of regulation is easy to identify. In 2004 the SEC removed its capital requirements on investment banks… So the reason that Lehman was able to do what it did, which proved so destructive, was that it had no limits on the amount of leverage it could adopt."

</doc>
<doc id="19609793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609793" title="Petra Langrová">
Petra Langrová

Petra Píchalová Langrová (born June 27, 1970 in Prostějov) is a retired professional tennis player from Czechoslovakia and later Czech Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="19609811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609811" title="Hoppner Island">
Hoppner Island

Hoppner Island is an island in Ontario's Georgian Bay.
The island is one of several landforms named in honor of Royal Navy officer and Arctic explorer Henry Parkyns Hoppner who surveyed the region during William Edward Parry's First, Second, and Third Arctic Expeditions.

</doc>
<doc id="19609848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609848" title="William L. Holland">
William L. Holland

William Lancelot Holland (28 December 1907 – 8 May 2008) worked with the Institute of Pacific Relations from 1928 until 1960 as Research Secretary; American IPR Executive Secretary and editor of its periodical, "Far Eastern Survey"; IPR Secretary-General and editor of its journal, Pacific Affairs. He taught at University of British Columbia from 1961 to 1970. 
Holland, the oldest of four sons, was born in South Malvern, Canterbury, New Zealand and went to Timaru Boys' High School. He graduated from Canterbury College in Christchurch, in 1928. His father was a sheep farmer and railroad worker, and Holland worked on sheep stations to put himself through school. 
At the age of 21 Holland sailed to Kyoto, Japan to assist at the 1932 Institute of Pacific Relations Conference. Edward C. Carter, head of the American branch, invited him to join the Secretariat, and Holland was to work for the IPR until it went out of operation in 1960. In 1934, he took a Masters degree at King’s College, Cambridge University, in economics, studying with John Maynard Keynes among others. In 1944, he became an American citizen in order to accept the position of acting director of the Office of War Information in Chungking, China.
In the early 1950s congressional charges that the IPR was under communist influences, although never substantiated, seriously impaired the ability to operate. Edward Carter left the American IPR, and Holland became Executive Secretary and editor of its journal, "Pacific Affairs". The University of British Columbia in Vancouver, Canada,invited Holland to become the head of the newly created Department of Asian Studies, and to bring "Pacific Affairs" with him. He joined the faculty in 1961 and helped build UBC into a leading center for research on Asia. He became professor emeritus in 1972, continuing to edit Pacific Affairs until 1978. In 1989 the University awarded him an honorary Doctor of Laws.
In 1932, in Hong Kong, he married Doreen Patricia McGarry of Auckland, New Zealand. In 1990, following his wife’s death, he moved to Amherst, Massachusetts, to live with his only child, Patricia G. Holland.
Holland died in Amherst, Massachusetts in May 2008.
Holland’s papers are at Columbia University, the University of British Columbia, and the University of Hawai’i. In 2003 he established the William L. Holland Prize for the best article published each year in Pacific Affairs.

</doc>
<doc id="19609857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609857" title="Emanuel Scrope Howe">
Emanuel Scrope Howe

Lieutenant-General Emanuel Scrope Howe (c. 1663 – 26 September 1709), of The Great Lodge, Alice Holt Forest, Hampshire, was an English diplomat, army officer and Member of Parliament.
Life.
He was the fourth son of John Grubham Howe of Langar in Nottinghamshire; his older brother, Scrope Howe, was a prominent Whig politician and was raised to the peerage as Viscount Howe in 1701. Howe was appointed a Groom of the Bedchamber in 1689 as reward for his support for William of Orange, and held the office throughout his reign. He was also given a commission in the 1st Foot Guards, and served in Flanders where he was wounded at the 1695 Siege of Namur. He purchased a colonelcy in 1695, and was Colonel of the 15th Regiment of Foot until his death. He was promoted to Brigadier-General in 1704, Major-General in 1707 and Lieutenant-General in the year of his death, 1709. He was First Commissioner of Prizes from 1703 to 1705, and envoy-extraordinary to the Elector of Hanover between 1705 and 1709, successfully overcoming the strained relations between the English and Hanoverian reigning families to keep Hanover in the Grand Alliance.
He entered Parliament in 1701 as member for Morpeth, elected as a placeman on the Earl of Carlisle's interest to support the Court Whigs, and subsequently (1705) also represented Wigan. He is recorded as only ever taking part in one debate.
Ranger of the Royal Forest of Alice Holt.
He married Ruperta, the natural daughter of Prince Rupert of the Rhine, in 1695. They were jointly appointed "Rangers of Alice Holt Forest" from 1699 onwards, a grace-and-favour sinecure. They had three sons and two daughters. After Howe's death, Ruperta continued as "Ranger of The Holt" until 1740.
Scrope-Howe was not pleased when, having spent £1200 on repairs to the Great Lodge as requested by the King, William repeatedly refused to pay him. 
He attempted some ambitious re-introductions in the Forest, including wild boar and - moving beyond simple re-introductions - even buffalo, but these succumbed to the poaching which was endemic in Alice Holt and neighbouring Woolmer Forest at the time. There is an oak tree, marked by a memorial stone planted in the 1960s near The Lodge which replaces an oak which Ruperta planted to the memory of her late father, Prince Rupert. The present Lodge building dates from the 1810s but stands on the site of the Great Lodge occupied by Emanuel and Ruperta.

</doc>
<doc id="19609860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609860" title="All-time DDR-Oberliga table">
All-time DDR-Oberliga table

The all-time DDR-Oberliga table is a cumulative record of all match results, points, and goals of every team that played the former East Germany's first division DDR-Oberliga from its inception in 1949 until its dissolution in 1991 following German reunification. It awards two points for a win and one point for a draw, as this was the system in use at the time. The matches of the transition round made necessary by the adoption of a Soviet-style calendar year schedule in 1955 are not included. In its final season (1990-91), the competition was known as the NOFV-Oberliga, before becoming part of the DFB (Deutscher Fußball-Bund, en:German Football Association).
Although BFC Dynamo are record champions, winning a total of 10 titles, FC Carl Zeiss Jena lead the ranking by points. Wismut Aue, however, holds the record for most seasons, 38. Altogether, 44 clubs competed in the DDR-Oberliga during its history.
Frequent club name changes were a characteristic of East German football and clubs are shown here by the name they last competed under in their final DDR-Oberliga seasons. All other names used by a club when they were part of the DDR-Oberliga are given, but name changes made outside of first division play and following German reunification are not shown; see articles on individual clubs for more information.
The all-time table of the DDR-Oberliga:

</doc>
<doc id="19609862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609862" title="Union County Courthouse (Florida)">
Union County Courthouse (Florida)

The Union County Courthouse is an historic redbrick courthouse building located in Lake Butler, Florida. Designed by John Pearson of Gainesville in the Classical Revival style, it was built in 1936 by the Works Project Administration to serve Union County, which had been carved out of Bradford County in 1921. It is located on the site of a former courthouse that served the county of New River, Bradford's original name. In 1967 additions to the courthouse were designed by Harry E. Burns, Jr., and were built by Vinson J. Forrester, Jr.
In 1989, the Union County Courthouse was listed in "A Guide to Florida's Historic Architecture", published by the University of Florida Press.

</doc>
<doc id="19609874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609874" title="1994–95 Ukrainian Cup">
1994–95 Ukrainian Cup

The Ukrainian Cup 1994–95 is the 4th annual edition of Ukraine's football knockout competition, known as the Ukrainian Cup.
The main event started on September 26, 1994 with the round of 32 and concluded with the final game on May 28. The tournament also had couple of preliminaries that started in summer on August 21. Two clubs withdrew from the competition: Lokomotyv Konotop and Shakhtar Horlivka.
Team allocation.
One hundred ten teams entered the competition
Competition schedule.
First Qualifying round.
All games were played on August 21, 1994. Two scheduled games did not take place due to withdrawals.
Second Qualifying round.
All games were played on September 1, 1994.
Third Qualifying round.
All games were played on September 5, 1994. Notice that there was four days break between two rounds. During this round couple of the Premier League clubs were eliminated, without even making it to the main event.
Round of 32.
Most match-ups were played on September 27 (first leg), and November 1 (second leg). The games Medita-Chornomorets and Dynamo-2-Dnipro took place on September 26. The game Dnipro-Dynamo-2 was played on October 31. The dates for the match-up Hazovyk-Dynamo were shifted and their games took place on October 14 and November 5.
Second leg.
"Dnipro won 5–4 on aggregate"
"Chornomorets won 6–2 on aggregate"
"Karpaty won 4–2 on aggregate"
"Temp won 2–1 on aggregate"
"Metalurh-Viktor won 3–2 on aggregate"
"Vorskla won 3–2 on aggregate"
"Veres won 3–1 on aggregate"
"Shakhtar won 5–1 on aggregate"
"Nyva T. won 4–0 on aggregate"
"Kryvbas won 11–1 on aggregate"
"Kremin won 7–2 on aggregate"
"Tavriya won 4–2 on aggregate"
"Nyva V. won 5–3 on aggregate"
"Stal won 3–1 on aggregate"
"Torpedo won 4–3 on aggregate"
"Dynamo won 4–0 on aggregate"
Notes:
Round of 16.
Most of games took place on November 22 and 27, 1994. The games between Dynamo-Torpedo took place on February 25 and March 1, 1995.
Second leg.
"Dnipro won 4–1 on aggregate"
"Chornomorets won 3–2 on aggregate"
"Tavriya won 4–3 on aggregate"
"Temp won 2–1 on aggregate"
"Shakhtar won 9–0 on aggregate"
"Nyva V. won 2–1 on aggregate"
"Nyva T. won 4–3 on aggregate"
"Dynamo won 2–1 on aggregate"
Notes:
Quarterfinals.
All games took place on April 10 and 17.
Second leg.
"Shakhtar won 3–1 on aggregate"
"Chornomorets won 3–1 on aggregate"
"Tavriya won 3–1 on aggregate"
"Dnipro won 3–0 on aggregate"
Notes:
Semifinals.
The games took place on May 8 and 16
Second leg.
"Shakhtar won on away goal rule"
"Dnipro won 2–1 on aggregate"
Notes:
Final.
The final was held at the Republican Stadium on May 28, 1995 in Kiev. Note, Skrypnyk (Dnipro) started the penalty shootout.

</doc>
<doc id="19609879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609879" title="Streoc">
Streoc

Streoc (; , "Streočka planina") is a mountain in Western Kosovo, in the Prokletije range. To its right is the Metohija valley. At high peak, Streoc stands out very well and from the city of Peć there is a good view of the whole mountain. The village of Streoc found around the mountain is named after the mountain. From the town of Klina in the far east of the valley Streoc looks to be even higher than Đeravica, the highest mountain in Kosovo. The mountain located in Streoc is known to be highly rich in minerals and other valuable materials. The favourable position of Streoc, makes the village a place of great interest for foreign investors.

</doc>
<doc id="19609881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609881" title="Deutscher Eisenbahn-Verein">
Deutscher Eisenbahn-Verein

The Deutscher Eisenbahn-Verein ("German Railway Society") or DEV was founded in November 1964 as the "Deutscher Kleinbahn-Verein" ("German Kleinbahn Society"). Its purpose was the preservation of a working branch line with all its installations as a living open air museum. The term "Kleinbahn" was primarily a Prussian concept that referred to light branch lines with lower traffic demands and of more lightweight construction than main lines or normal branch lines, hence the "Kleinbahnen" were mainly found in northern Germany.
History.
On 2 July 1966, museum railway services began on the narrow gauge section of line from Bruchhausen-Vilsen to Heiligenberg operated by the "Verkehrsbetriebe Grafschaft Hoya", about 35 km south of Bremen, using the steam locomotive "Bruchhausen" and one coach. Setting aside a number of short-lived trials, this was the first museum railway in Germany.
Since then the Lower Saxony Kleinbahn Museum ("Niedersächsische Kleinbahn-Museum") has emerged. At weekends from May to September and in December, regular services are run on the Bruchhausen-Vilsen–Asendorf route - predominantly with steam trains. Under the name "Hoyaer Eisenbahn", a connecting service is operated on the Eystrup–Hoya–Bruchhausen-Vilsen–Syke route. In Bruchhausen-Vilsen station, standard gauge vehicles may be transferred to the narrow gauge section by means of rollbocks ("Rollböcken") or transporter wagons ("Rollwagen").
Vehicles.
There were more than 90 vehicles in the museum's collection in 2006, both standard gauge and metre gauge, built between 1892 and 1957, the vast majority of which were operational.
Amongst them were seven steam locomotives (including the former DR 99 5633 and a Lenz-Typ i), five diesel locomotives (including the former DB Class V 29), six railbuses (including a Wismar railbus, a Wismar (Frankfurt version) and one from the "Franzburger Kreisbahn", 28 passenger coaches, 6 luggage and mail vans and numerous goods wagons and works vehicles. The society even has some standard gauge vehicles.
Gallery.
In the workshop attached to the museum, increasingly rare skills, such as the rivetting of steam locomotive boilers, are maintained.
The operation and maintenance of the vehicles and installations is mainly carried out by volunteers.

</doc>
<doc id="19609885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609885" title="Friedel's salt">
Friedel's salt

Friedel's salt is an anion exchanger mineral belonging to the family of the layered double hydroxides (LDHs). It has affinity for anions as chloride and iodide and is capable to retain them to a certain extent in its crystallographical structure.
Composition.
Friedel's salt general formula is:
In the cement chemist notation, considering that
and doubling all the stoichiometry, it can also be written as follows:
Friedel's salt can also be considered as an AFm phase in which chloride ions have replaced sulfate ions and is formed in cements initially rich in tri-calcium aluminate (C3A).
It plays a main role in the retention of chloride anions in cement and concrete. However, Friedel's salt remains a poorly understood phase in the CaO-Al2O3-CaCl2-H2O system, and is critical for the stability of salt-saturated Portland cement-based grouts.
Discovery.
Nowadays, Friedel's salt discovery is relatively difficult to trace back from the recent literature, simply because it is an ancient finding of a poorly known and non-natural product. It has been synthesised and identified in 1897 by Georges Friedel, mineralogist and crystallographer, son of the famous French chemist Charles Friedel. Georges Friedel also synthesised Calcium aluminate (1903) in the framework of his work on the Macles theory (twin crystals). This point requires further verification.

</doc>
<doc id="19609902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609902" title="Arsène Millocheau">
Arsène Millocheau

Arsène Millocheau was a French cyclist of the early 1900s. He was born in Champseru in 1867.
He participated in the 1903 Tour de France, the first Tour, and came last, finishing behind the winner Maurice Garin by 64 hours, 57 minutes and 8 seconds, winning the Lanterne rouge ().
In 1921, 54 years old, Millocheau competed in the 1200 km Paris–Brest–Paris.
He died in Paris in 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="19609905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609905" title="Equestrian at the 2005 Mediterranean Games">
Equestrian at the 2005 Mediterranean Games

The Equestrian Competition at the 2005 Mediterranean Games was held in the "Almería Equestrian Club " in Almería, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="19609906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609906" title="Toshi Hiruma">
Toshi Hiruma

Toshi Hiruma is a film producer, who has produced ", The Batman" (animated series), "Kangaroo Jack: G'Day, U.S.A.!, Daffy Duck for President, Justice League, What's New, Scooby-Doo?", and "What's New, Scooby-Doo?"

</doc>
<doc id="19609917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609917" title="Council of Europe Development Bank">
Council of Europe Development Bank

The Council of Europe Development Bank (CEB, Banque de Développement du Conseil de l'Europe, in French) dates from 1956, when the Council of Europe established the Resettlement Fund for National Refugees and Over-Population in Europe as a Partial Agreement. In 1994, it changed its name to the Council of Europe Social Development Fund, before becoming the Council of Europe Development Bank in 1999.
Situated in Paris, with its own secretariat of 145 staff, the Bank is a separate legal entity and is autonomous in its decision-making. It has consistently enjoyed a Aaa credit rating from Moody's and is currently rated AA+ by Standard and Poor's.
The original aim was to help refugees and other displaced persons after the Second World War. It later expanded its scope of activities to include assistance to disaster victims, help with job creation, and improve social infrastructure. Its aim today is to promote social cohesion in its member states.
The CEB acts as a development bank, granting loans to member States. In 2007, its assets stood at 18.5 billion euros, which it uses to co-finance projects by means of loans of up to 40% of the project cost. 
The current governor is Rolf WENZEL, born in 1954, of German nationality.
In September 2008 the Bank's Administrative Council approved a donation for Georgia for 1 million euros for those affected by the 2008 South Ossetia war.
Membership.
There are currently 41 member States, as follows: 
The only development bank member states that are not member of the Council of Europe are the Holy See and Kosovo.

</doc>
<doc id="19609930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609930" title="Martin Jacomb">
Martin Jacomb

Sir Martin Wakefield Jacomb (born 11 November 1929) is a former Chancellor of the University of Buckingham and Chairman of Canary Wharf Group.
Education and career.
Jacomb was educated at Eton College and Worcester College, Oxford. He was called to the Bar at Inner Temple in 1955 and practised as a barrister until 1968 before embarking upon a successful career in business. In 1985 he was appointed Knight Bachelor by HM The Queen.
In 1986 he described insider trading as a "victimless crime"
In 1998 he was appointed the third Chancellor of the University of Buckingham in succession to The Baron Hailsham of St Marylebone, KG, CH, PC, QC and The Baroness Thatcher, LG, OM, PC. He was installed in 1999. According to the University of Buckingham, which is Britain's only private university, "He is a strong believer in the need for universities to be independent of the government". He has written that if universities are "to nurture genuinely free and creative academic research" and "be the guardians of liberty which a free society needs" they must be independent of government funding. He has written that the University of Oxford should become private in order to avoid an authoritarian government imposing restrictions on admissions. Further, the university's academics will only be able to challenge prevailing opinion if they are independent of government funding. Dependence on government funding, he continues, has had disastrous effects on the higher education sector in continental Europe.
Jacomb retired from the chancellorship in March 2010. He is succeeded by Lord Tanlaw, who is the University's fourth chancellor.

</doc>
<doc id="19609947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609947" title="Beata Kądziołka">
Beata Kądziołka

Beata Kądziołka (born 26 June 1986 in Warsaw) is a Polish chess player. She won the bronze medal with the Polish team at the 35th Chess Olympiad in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19609973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609973" title="Colby O'Donis discography">
Colby O'Donis discography

This is the discography for R&B/Hip hop singer-songwriter Colby O'Donis. Signed to Kon Live Distribution, O'Donis has released one studio album and four solo singles. O'Donis was featured in Lady Gaga's #1 single "Just Dance" in 2008 off her debut album, "The Fame". The single has been certified 3× Multi-Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America.
O'Donis' debut single, "What You Got", featured pop singer Akon. The song was the lead-off singer to O'Donis' debut album, "Colby O". It was the first of three singles released from the album, however, it was the only one to chart, reaching the Top 20 of the Billboard Hot 100. Other singles released from the album were "Don't Turn Back" and "Let You Go". O'Donis' album reached a peak of #41 on the Billboard 200 and #14 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums charts.
His fourth solo single, "I Wanna Touch You", was issued in July 2009. The song will act as the lead-off single to his second studio album, which does not have a title or a confirmed release date. Although the single got media attention, it never charted on a "Billboard" chart.

</doc>
<doc id="19609981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609981" title="Hoppner Strait">
Hoppner Strait

Hoppner Strait is a narrow arm of Foxe Basin east of Lyon Inlet in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, Canada. It is situated between Winter Island and the Melville Peninsula.
The strait is one of several landforms named in honor of Royal Navy officer and Arctic explorer Henry Parkyns Hoppner who surveyed the region during William Edward Parry's First, Second, and Third Arctic Expeditions.

</doc>
<doc id="19609988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609988" title="Canoeing at the 1984 Summer Olympics – Men's K-2 500 metres">
Canoeing at the 1984 Summer Olympics – Men's K-2 500 metres

The men's K-2 500 metres event was a pairs kayaking event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1984 Summer Olympics program.
Results.
Heats.
21 crews were entered into the event on August 6. The top three finishers from each of the heats advanced directly to the semifinals while the remaining teams were relegated to the repechages.
Repechages.
The 15 crews first raced in two repechages on August 6. The top three finishers from each of the repechages advanced directly to the semifinals.
Semifinals.
The top three finishers in each of the semifinals (raced on August 8) advanced to the final.
Final.
The final was held on August 10. 

</doc>
<doc id="19609998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19609998" title="Agenda 2000">
Agenda 2000

Agenda 2000 was an action programme of the European Union whose main objectives were to reform the Common Agricultural Policy and Regional policy, and establish a new financial framework for the years 2000–06 with a view to the then upcoming Eastern Enlargement of the European Union.
Its stated goals were:
1. "to update the European Model of Agriculture"
2. "to narrow the gaps in wealth and economic prospects between regions "
3. "to honour priorities while enjoying only very modest increases in budget
income until 2006"
The reforms were first outlined in the documents with the title "Agenda 2000" published by the Commission in July 1997. Reforms were finally agreed by the 15 EU countries at the European Council meeting in Berlin in March 1999. Detailed legislation was later drafted and agreed to by all of the EU institutions.

</doc>
<doc id="19610004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610004" title="Beesd railway station">
Beesd railway station

Beesd is a railway station in Beesd in the Netherlands. The station opened on 1 December 1883. It lies about 2 km north of Beesd itself. The station is located on the railway line between Dordrecht and Geldermalsen (MerwedeLingelijn). The station has a small island platform, and two tracks. Only one of the tracks is used. The services are currently operated by Arriva.
Train service.
The following service calls at Beesd:

</doc>
<doc id="19610019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610019" title="Karen White">
Karen White

Karen White is an American author of more than fifteen fiction novels.
Life and career.
White was born in Tulsa, Oklahoma and during her childhood lived in numerous states and also in Venezula and London, England, where she graduated from The American School in London. She attended college at Tulane University in New Orleans, Louisiana, where she obtained a Bachelor of Science in Management.
Her first book, "In the Shadow of the Moon" was a double finalist for the Romance Writers of America RITA Award. "The Girl on Legare Street" hit "The New York Times" Best Seller list in November 2009, and "On Folly Beach" in May 2010, which was also a NYT bestseller. Most of White's novels are based in the low-country of the southeastern United States. White currently has 15 novels published with her current book, "The Time Between" hitting the shelves in June 2013 and debuting on the NYT Bestseller list at number 25 for Hardcover fiction. 
White is married with two children. White is currently published by a division of Penguin Books. She is currently contracted with them for four more books.

</doc>
<doc id="19610029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610029" title="List of Casshern Sins episodes">
List of Casshern Sins episodes

This is a list of episodes for "Casshern Sins", a remake of the original Casshern anime. "Casshern Sins" was first announced at the Tokyo International Anime Fair 2008 with Madhouse being in charge of animation. Soon after, an official trailer was posted online on its official Japanese website. The 2008 show was directed by Shiyasu Yamauchi.
"Casshern Sins" centers on Casshern, who is originally a subordinate of Braiking Boss instead of being a hero to humanity. He was sent to assassinate a girl named Luna due to Boss' fears that she would liberate humanity from his grip. Her death resulted in a war that has humanity on the losing end with robots being on the verge of death due to the radical change in the environment; a legend was made known to the robots that Casshern's death can save them all.
The show had previously aired on Japan's Chiba TV, TV Aichi, MBS, TV Kanagawa & TV Saitama stations. The show aired in Japan from October 1, 2008 to March 18, 2009. Casshern Sins had also aired on Singapore's Arts Central channel. The series aired in North American on December 14, 2010, on the Funimation Channel. Cartoon Network and Adult Swim will broadcast the anime on their revived Toonami, premiering May 27, 2012. 
The opening theme is by Color Bottle. The ending theme for the first 12 episodes is "reason" by K∧N∧, the ending theme of the 13th episode is by Masanori Sera, and the current ending theme is by Kunoshinji.
The series is licensed and distributed in Oceania by Siren Visual with the Japanese dub intact and having English subtitles in 2 DVDs, one with episodes 1-12 and the second with episodes 13-24 for its release in Australia and New Zealand. Funimation Entertainment has announced a North American release and licensing for the show at the 2009 Otakon panel.
Casshern Sins was released in Region 2 for both DVD and Blu-ray versions. DVD Boxsets were released for ¥12,600 with from February 25, 2009, March 25, 2009, April 24, 2009 and June 10, 2009. Single DVDs were released for ¥6,300 from July 24, 2009 for Volumes 1 and 2 followed by Volumes 3 and 4 on August 21, 2009. Volumes 5 and 6 were released on September 18, 2009 Volumes 7 and 8 were released on October 23, 2009.
Blu-ray versions of the show in Region 2 were released for ¥15,750 with Volume 1 released on February 25, 2009. Volume 2 was subsequently released on March 25, 2009. Volume 3 was released on April 24, 2009 and Volume 4 was released on June 10, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19610060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610060" title="Andrew Kane">
Andrew Kane

Andrew Kane may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19610078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610078" title="Institute of Leather Engineering and Technology, University of Dhaka">
Institute of Leather Engineering and Technology, University of Dhaka

The Institute of Leather Engineering & Technology is an educational institution in Hazaribagh, Dhaka, Bangladesh that provides education related to the art and technology of making leather, leather products and footwear. The institute offers graduate courses through the University of Dhaka certificate courses and short-term courses.
Institute of Leather Engineering & Technology (ILET),was the only educational institution of its kind in the country before Khulna University of Engineering & Technology (KUET) introduced Leather Engineering Department for honors.
History.
Just after the division of the Indian subcontinent the Ministry of Industry approved on 15 August 1947 the setting up of the East Bengal training institute for the development of the leather and leather products sector. Officially, the institute was founded on 10 June 1949 and the academic activities of this institute started from the year 1952 after necessary infrastructure development. Later, the institute remained as the East Pakistan leather technology.
During the Pakistan period the institute failed to provide necessary services to the industry due to socio-political reasons. To provide better academic and educational facilities, the institute was transferred to the Ministry of Education and placed under the administrative control of the technical education in 1967.
After liberation, the institute was recognized as the Bangladesh Institute of Leather Technology and was involved with diploma, certificate and artisan levels education until 1979. The government of Bangladesh has introduced a graduate course in B.Sc. Engineering in Leather under the university of Dhaka from the 1979-80 academic session.
On 18 August 2011 the name of the college was changed into Institute of Leather Engineering and Technology (ILET) Of University of Dhaka.
Faculty and departments.
ILET is an institute of The University of Dhaka under the faculty of Engineering and Technology. The degree awarded by the University of Dhaka is Bachelor of Leather Engineering, Bachelor of Footwear Engineering and Bachelor of Leather Products Engineering.
Principal: Professor Marufa Mahbub
Head of the departments:

</doc>
<doc id="19610109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610109" title="2008 If Stockholm Open">
2008 If Stockholm Open

The 2008 If Stockholm Open was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts. It was the 40th edition of the event known that year as the If Stockholm Open, and was part of the International Series of the 2008 ATP Tour. It took place at the Kungliga tennishallen in Stockholm, Sweden, from October 6 through October 12, 2008.
The singles draw featured ATP No. 7, Buenos Aires champion, Acapulco runner-up David Nalbandian, Wimbledon quarterfinalist, Marseille finalist Mario Ančić, and Australian Open quarterfinalist, Adelaide runner-up Jarkko Nieminen. Also lined up were Rotterdam and Memphis finalist Robin Söderling, Wimbledon semifinalist Rainer Schüttler, José Acasuso, Albert Montañés and Marcel Granollers.

</doc>
<doc id="19610117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610117" title="Pierre Desvages">
Pierre Desvages

Pierre Desvages was a French cyclist of the early 1900s. He was born in Le Mesnil-Villemeris in 1867.
He participated in the 1903 Tour de France, the first Tour, and came 20th (second last), 62 hours, 53 minutes and 54 seconds behind the winner Maurice Garin.

</doc>
<doc id="19610141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610141" title="Kent Cricket League">
Kent Cricket League

The Kent Cricket League is the top level of competition for recreational club cricket in Kent, England. The league was founded in 1970, and since 1999 has been a designated ECB Premier League. From 1999 to 2002, the league experimented with matches played over two-days on consecutive Saturdays, the only ECB Premier League to do so, before reverting to a regular one-day schedule for the start of the 2003 season.
It has six divisions, and below these six divisions lies the Kent Regional Cricket League. 

</doc>
<doc id="19610143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610143" title="Prince Pedro, Duke of Noto">
Prince Pedro, Duke of Noto

Prince Pedro of Bourbon-Two Sicilies, Duke of Noto (Pedro Juan Maria Alejo Saturnino y Todos los Santos; 16 October 1968) is the son of Infante Carlos, Duke of Calabria and his wife Princess Anne of Orléans.
Background.
Pedro is the heir-apparent of his father, who is currently one of two claimants to the head of the House of the Two Sicilies. The other claimant is Prince Carlo, Duke of Castro. He is Grand Prefect and a Bailiff Grand Cross of the Constantinian Order, Grand Constable of the Order of St George of the Reunion and a knight of the Military Order of Alcántara. He is known as the His Royal Highness The Duke of Noto.
Marriage and issue.
Prince don Pedro married Sofia Landaluce y Melgarejo, daughter of José Manuel Landaluce y Domínguez and his wife Blanca Melgarejo y González (granddaughter of the Duque de San Fernando de Quiroga), on 30 March 2001 in Madrid, Spain. Pedro and Sofia have six children:

</doc>
<doc id="19610153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610153" title="Calgary Alberta Temple">
Calgary Alberta Temple

The Calgary Alberta Temple is the third temple of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) in Alberta. The first, previously known as the Alberta Temple, was built in Cardston in 1923. The Edmonton Alberta Temple opened in 1999.
LDS Church president Thomas S. Monson announced the construction of the Calgary Alberta Temple on 4 October 2008, during the church's 178th Semiannual General Conference. The temple serves over 18,000 Latter-day Saints in Calgary and surrounding areas. The temple is located on Church-owned land adjacent to the Royal Oak stake center in northwest Calgary.
The groundbreaking on May 15, 2010 was presided over by Donald L. Hallstrom, with other general and area authorities of the church in attendance, including William R. Walker and Richard K. Melchin. Once the building was completed, a public open house was held from September 29 to October 20, 2012, where over 100,000 people toured the temple. A cultural celebration was held October 27, 2012, and the temple was dedicated the following day, October 28, by Thomas S. Monson.

</doc>
<doc id="19610159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610159" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Harris County, Texas">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Harris County, Texas

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places in Harris County, Texas. It is intended to be a complete list of properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Harris County, Texas. The locations of National Register properties and districts (at least for all showing latitude and longitude coordinates below) may be seen in a Google map by clicking on "Map of all coordinates."

</doc>
<doc id="19610200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610200" title="Huntress Glacier">
Huntress Glacier

Huntress Glacier is a glacier long and wide flowing into the head of False Bay, Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica. It is situated east of Johnsons Glacier, southeast of Contell Glacier and Balkan Snowfield, south of upper Perunika Glacier, southwest of Huron Glacier and northwest of Macy Glacier, and is bounded by Friesland Ridge and the Tangra Mountains to the southeast, Nesebar Gap, Pliska Ridge, Burdick Ridge and Willan Nunatak to the north, and Charrúa Gap and Napier Peak to the northwest.
The glacier was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1958 after the American schooner "Huntress" (Captain Christopher Burdick) from Nantucket, which visited the South Shetland Islands in 1820–21 in company with the "Huron" of New Haven, Connecticut.
Location.
The glacier's midpoint is located at (British mapping in 1968, and Bulgarian in 2005 and 2009).

</doc>
<doc id="19610206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610206" title="Ffeil">
Ffeil

Ffeil ("File") is a Welsh-language television news programme for children and young people, produced by BBC Cymru Wales for S4C.
Overview.
Originally aired three times a week for 15 minutes (except during school summer holidays), "Ffeil" was later broadcast live for four and a half minutes every weekday afternoon throughout the year at 4:50pm, from the BBC's Broadcasting House in Llandaff, Cardiff. The programme was transmitted from Studio C2, the second largest studio in Broadcasting House. Following a re-launch in Spring 2012, "Ffeil" is now broadcast from Monday to Thursday from a virtual reality studio at 6.00 and 6.20pm. 
Although the programme has been compared greatly to its English-language counterpart, CBBC's "Newsround", "Ffeil" differs in that it's produced directly by BBC Cymru's news and current affairs department (whereas "Newsround" is produced by CBBC with facilities provided by BBC News). The programme also has an expanded brief to cover Welsh regional news and features, alongside national and international news. The reporters and presenters on "Ffeil" also regularly contribute to news coverage on BBC Radio Cymru and the nightly "Newyddion" programme on S4C.

</doc>
<doc id="19610212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610212" title="Messerschmitt Bf 161">
Messerschmitt Bf 161

The Messerschmitt Bf 161 was a 1930s prototype German reconnaissance aircraft.
Development.
The Bf 161 was a specialised reconnaissance aircraft based on the Bf 110 and similar to the Bf 162 designed as a light bomber. The prototype "V1" was powered by two Junkers Jumo 210 inline engines and first flew on 9 March 1938. It was followed by a second prototype powered by two Daimler-Benz DB 600a engines and first flew on 30 August 1938.
The aircraft did not enter production, as it was soon decided that a new aircraft type was not needed and variants of the Bf 110 could perform the reconnaissance role.
Operational history.
The two prototypes were used for research and development and V2 was used at Augsburg for towing the Me 163A "Komet" later moving to Peenemünde to carry on the towing task.

</doc>
<doc id="19610216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610216" title="Leicestershire Premier Cricket League">
Leicestershire Premier Cricket League

The Leicestershire Premier Cricket League is the top level of competition for recreational club cricket in Leicestershire, England, and since 2002 has been a designated ECB Premier League.

</doc>
<doc id="19610235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610235" title="Minister of Finance (South Africa)">
Minister of Finance (South Africa)

The Minister of Finance is a minister in the Cabinet of South Africa who is the political head of the National Treasury. The Minister of Finance is responsible for the financial management of government affairs, drawing up the budget, and developing economic policy (in cooperation with the Minister of Economic Development and the Minister of Trade and Industry). The Minister of Finance is also responsible for Statistics South Africa and the South African Revenue Service.
Pravin Gordhan is the incumbent minister, having succeeded Trevor Manuel in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19610238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610238" title="Sea-pie">
Sea-pie

Sea-pie is essentially a layered meat pie made with meat or fish, and is known to have been served to British sailors during the 18th century. Its popularity was passed on to the New England colonies sufficiently to be listed in American Cookery.
In Quebec this dish is called "cipaille", "cipâtes" or "six-pâtes" (in French), and is a traditional Quebec dish. The French name originated as an adaptation of "sea-pie".

</doc>
<doc id="19610242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610242" title="Geldermalsen railway station">
Geldermalsen railway station

Geldermalsen is a railway station in the town of Geldermalsen, the Netherlands. The station opened in 1868, the station is a junction station, with an island platform so that changing is easy. To reach the platforms from outside the station you have to use the bridge.
The current building dates from 1884. The station is at the meeting of two lines, the Utrecht–Boxtel railway and the Elst–Dordrecht railway. The station is currently served by Arriva and Nederlandse Spoorwegen.
Train services.
The following services call at Geldermalsen:

</doc>
<doc id="19610249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610249" title="Byers Peninsula">
Byers Peninsula

Byers Peninsula is a mainly ice-free peninsula forming the west end of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica. It occupies , and includes the small freshwater Basalt Lake. Byers Peninsula has a regime of special environmental protection under the Antarctic Treaty System and requires a permit to enter.
History.
The feature was named by the UK Antarctic Place-names Committee in 1958 for James Byers, a New York shipowner who tried unsuccessfully in August 1820 to induce the United States Government to found a settlement in and take possession of the South Shetland Islands. Byers organized and sent out a fleet of American sealers from New York to the South Shetland Islands in 1820–21. It was visited by early 19th century American and British sealers who came almost exclusively from New England, New York and England. They operated on President Beaches, Robbery Beaches and South Beaches, and built dwellings and shelter such as those still preserved at Sealer Hill and Lair Point.
Antarctic Specially Protected Area.
The peninsula has been designated an Antarctic Specially Protected Area (ASPA 126) for, as well as its birdlife, several additional scientific and historical values. It has diverse and well-developed vegetation, numerous lakes and freshwater pools which support the restricted-range insects "Parochlus steinenii" and "Belgica antarctica", and well-preserved sub-fossil whale bones in raised beaches. It also has the greatest 
concentration of historical sites in Antarctica, containing the remains of refuges, with their contemporary artefacts, and shipwrecks of early 19th century sealing expeditions.
Important Bird Area.
The site has been identified as an Important Bird Area (IBA) by BirdLife International because it supports breeding colonies of Antarctic Terns (1760 pairs) and Kelp Gulls (450 pairs). Other birds nesting on the peninsula include Chinstrap and Gentoo Penguins, Wilson's and Black-bellied Storm Petrels, Cape Petrels, Southern Giant Petrels, Imperial Shags, Brown Skuas and Snowy Sheathbills. Large numbers of Southern Elephant Seals haul out during their breeding season,

</doc>
<doc id="19610254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610254" title="Ferdinand Payan">
Ferdinand Payan

Ferdinand Payan was a French bicyclist of the early 20th century. He was born in Arles in 1870.
He participated in the 1903 Tour de France, the first Tour, and came in 12th place. He was 19 hours, 9 minutes and 2 seconds behind the winner Maurice Garin.
He died in 1961 in Nice.

</doc>
<doc id="19610274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610274" title="Brazilian municipal elections, 2008">
Brazilian municipal elections, 2008

The Brazilian municipal elections of 2008 were held on October 5 and October 26. Over 130 million voters will choose mayors and city councillors for the 5,565 municipalities of Brazil.
Brazilian law allows candidates to run under ballot names different from their legal names. At least six candidates have chosen the ballot name "Barack Obama" and some entrepreneurs use ballot names that make reference to their business.

</doc>
<doc id="19610285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610285" title="Cruel (disambiguation)">
Cruel (disambiguation)

To be cruel is to cause, be indifferent to or take pleasure from suffering.
Cruel may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19610287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610287" title="Lincolnshire Cricket Board Premier League">
Lincolnshire Cricket Board Premier League

The Lincolnshire Cricket Board Premier League is the top level of competition for recreational club cricket in Lincolnshire, England, and since 2000 has been a designated ECB Premier League.

</doc>
<doc id="19610289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610289" title="Elvira Presents Haunted Hits">
Elvira Presents Haunted Hits

Elvira Presents Haunted Hits is a compilation album of Halloween songs. It was first issued in 1988, and is "presented" by Elvira. Subsequent albums were "Elvira Presents Monster Hits" and "Revenge Of the Monster Hits".
Track listing.
The Cassette version of this title features the following:
The Vinyl Double LP version of this title features the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19610320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610320" title="Wally Green">
Wally Green

Walter "Wally" Green (born 25 February 1918 in London, England- died 11 December 2007) was a former international motorcycle speedway rider who finished second in the World Championship final in 1950.
Career.
Green started his career with the West Ham Hammers in 1946 after being spotted at a training school run by Dicky Case. He was not a regular in the side at that time, so in 1947 he was loaned to the Eastbourne Eagles where he won the National League Division Three championship and finished as the Eagles' top rider. He was still making a few appearances for the Hammers. 
When the Eastbourne closed down at the end of 1947 he moved with the promotion along the south coast to Hastings with the Saxons. Green set the track record at Hastings and in the opening meeting on 21 April 1948, he won all six of his rides. He again finished the season as the top rider. His form did not go unnoticed by West Ham star Aub Lawson and in 1948 he returned to the Hammers full-time. 
In 1949, he made steady progress and became a team regular. Green made his only appearance in a World final in 1950 and finished second, just a point behind the winner Freddie Williams. Again in 1950 he was second in the West Ham averages. He also captained England in 1954. 
Green stayed with the Hammers for the rest of his career. The club closed in 1955 and Green retired in the same season due to ill health.
Bike building.
Green was a renowned bike frame builder whose business was based in Hendon. He built frames to order and could name Alf Engers as a customer.

</doc>
<doc id="19610351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610351" title="James Brenton">
James Brenton

James Brenton (November 2, 1736 – December 3, 1806) was a lawyer, judge and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Onslow township from 1765 to 1770 and Halifax County from 1776 to 1785 in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly .
He was born in Newport, Rhode Island, the son of Jahleel Brenton and Frances Cranston and the grandson of governor Samuel Cranston. He became a lawyer in Rhode Island and, in 1760, was admitted to the Nova Scotia bar. Brenton married Rebecca Scott in 1762. He served as captain-lieutenant in the local militia. In 1765, he married Elizabeth Russell. He became solicitor general in 1778 and attorney general the following year. In 1781, he was named an assistant judge in the province's Supreme Court. In 1800, he became a judge in the vice admiralty court. Brenton died in Halifax at the age of 69.
His son, Edward Brabazon became a judge in Newfoundland. His sister Susannah married Brenton Halliburton.

</doc>
<doc id="19610366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610366" title="Mount Bowles">
Mount Bowles

Mount Bowles is an ice-covered mountain high, the summit of Bowles Ridge in the central part of eastern Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica. It is situated south of Vidin Heights and north of Mount Friesland, Tangra Mountains to which it is linked by Wörner Gap.
The origin of the name is uncertain; it appears (poorly positioned and probably intended for some other peak on the island) on the 1829 chart of the British expedition (1828–31) under Captain Henry Foster in "HMS" .
Mount Bowles was first climbed by Àlex Simón, Vicente Castro, David Hita and a friend from Juan Carlos I Base on January 5, 2003.
Location.
According to a 2003 Australian GPS survey the peak is located at , which is 9.77 km northwest of Great Needle Peak, 6.08 km north by west of Mount Friesland, 8.77 km east-northeast of St. Kliment Ohridski base and 9.25 km south by west of Miziya Peak.

</doc>
<doc id="19610384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610384" title="Colony and Protectorate of Nigeria">
Colony and Protectorate of Nigeria

The Colony and Protectorate of Nigeria was created as a merger of Northern Nigeria Protectorate and Southern Nigeria Protectorate on 1 January 1914, partly because of uneven economy in the two territories, and also due to growing tension with the German colonies.
As one of the wealthiest British colonies, it was a good candidate for being the first colony to be granted independence. Nigeria was first given increased autonomy as the Federation of Nigeria on 1 October 1954 and made fully independent in 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="19610393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610393" title="Jing Boran">
Jing Boran

Jing Boran (; born April 19, 1989 in Shenyang, Liaoning) is a Chinese pop singer who became famous after winning first place in the 2007 "My Hero" contest. Along with third place winner, Fu Xinbo, he then formed a group called BoBo. The two has since released their first album. He is 1/8 (12.5%) Russian.

</doc>
<doc id="19610404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610404" title="Enchanted loom">
Enchanted loom

The enchanted loom is a famous metaphor for the human brain invented by the pioneering neuroscientist Charles S. Sherrington in a passage from his 1942 book "Man on his nature", in which he poetically describes his conception of what happens in the cerebral cortex during arousal from sleep:
The "loom" he refers to was undoubtedly meant to be a Jacquard loom, used for weaving fabric into complex patterns. The Jacquard loom, invented in 1801, was the most complex mechanical device of the 19th century. It was controlled by a punch card system that was a forerunner of the system used in computers until the 1970s. With as many as thousands of independently movable shuttles, a Jacquard loom in operation must have appeared very impressive. If Sherrington had written a decade later, however, he might perhaps have chosen the flashing lights on the front panel of a computer as his metaphor instead.
According to the neuroscience historian Stanley Finger, Sherrington probably borrowed the loom metaphor from an earlier writer, the psychologist Fredric Myers, who asked his readers to "picture the human brain as a vast manufactory, in which thousands of looms, of complex and differing patterns, are habitually at work". Perhaps in part because of its slightly cryptic nature, the "enchanted loom" has been an attractive metaphor for many writers about the brain, and has supplied the title for several books, including the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19610420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610420" title="Ivan Vyshenskyi">
Ivan Vyshenskyi

Ivan Vyshenskyi (; born ca. 1550 in Sudova Vyshnia – after 1620, Mount Athos, Greece) - Ukrainian orthodox monk and religious philosopher. He is considered to be an important polemicist of the time.
Biography.
Not much is known about the life of Vyshenskyi. It is considered established that he spent part of his youth in Lutsk and was connected with scholars from the Ostroh Academy. Within the years 1576–1580 he traveled to Mount Athos in Greece, which was the center of orthodox monk culture. He stayed there until his death, with the exception of a short visit to Ukraine between 1604 and 1606 when he quarreled with members of the Lviv brotherhood.
Work.
In his writings, Vyshenskyi opposed Catholicism and the uniate church. He sent messages arguing his position from Mount Athos. Vyshenskyi was especially polemic in his communications with Piotr Skarga, who supported church union. His arguments were based on opposition to the church hierarchy of Catholicism and to Byzantine asceticism. Vyshenskyi wrote not in the common Church Slavonic language, but in the Ruthenian language, an older form of Ukrainian.

</doc>
<doc id="19610421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610421" title="Piperidolate">
Piperidolate

Piperidolate is an antimuscarinic.

</doc>
<doc id="19610422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610422" title="Jay Burridge">
Jay Burridge

Jay Jay Burridge also known as Jay Burridge (born 12 January 1971) is an artist and former television presenter. He fronted the BBC children's art programme "SMart" from 1994 until 2003, when he left and became a graphic designer and snowboard inventor. He was a close friend of colleague Mark Speight.
Career.
He graduated from Central Saint Martins College of Art and Design with a degree in art, and in 1994 auditioned for the role as a presenter on the BBC children's art programme "SMart". At his interview he met Mark Speight, and the two soon formed a strong friendship. Burridge and Speight were given the jobs of presenting "SMart" alongside Zoë Ball. Ball left, and was replaced by Josie D'Arby who was then replaced by Kirsten O'Brien and Lizi Botham in 1999. Together with O'Brien and Botham they fronted the "SMart" spin-off shows "SMart on the Road" and "SMarteenies", as well as appearing at many other art-related events.
Together, Burridge and Speight created all of the art projects for each episode of "SMart" at Burridge's West London art studio. He noted: "We would bounce ideas and jokes off each other all day until we had developed an almost telepathically linked knowledge of what made each other laugh."
Burridge left "SMart" in 2003, feeling he had "outgrown role as a children's TV presenter," and wanted to move "out of the limelight". He worked as a commercial artist before becoming a producer for a TV company, as well as working as a graphic designer and snowboard inventor. He is the founder of the design company Laughing Boy and Lucky Seven, a hat company which specialises in crested baseball caps emblazoned with the logos of fictional companies from TV shows and films. The caps have been worn by people including Madonna and David LaChapelle.
Burridge directed the music video for the song "Inspired By" by The Brightlights and was art director on Hot Chip's "Boy from School" video, for which he won a Cads Music Vision Award. He also designed several large denim butterflies, which went on display on the streets of London, as part of an advertising campaign for Levi Strauss & Co.'s "Live Unbuttoned" 501 jeans. "When Superstars Ruled the World", an exhibition by Burridge about dinosaurs, opened in 2010 at the Lazarides Gallery in Beverly Hills. In 2011, Burridge's piece, a full-sized unassembled airfix model of Ayrton Senna's McLaren MP4/6 Formula One car, sold at auction for €187,000. The piece had been on show at the "Remembering Ayrton Senna" exhibition.
Personal life.
Burridge is married. He was close friends with Speight and the two formed an "on- and off-screen double act" and regularly attended the "Regency Rooms" comedy nights together. Following the death of Speight's fiancée Natasha Collins in January 2008, Burridge met up with him on several occasions and "tried to get him to see that the worst was over", although he realised that Speight "might not be able to keep going". Burridge spoke to Speight on 7 April 2008 and arranged to meet up with him later in the day. Speight, however, disappeared and committed suicide later that day. Burridge had helped police try to locate Speight, and was informed of his death on 13 April. He attended Speight's funeral on 28 April.

</doc>
<doc id="19610431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610431" title="Difemerine">
Difemerine

Difemerine is an antimuscarinic.

</doc>
<doc id="19610436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610436" title="Utah Task Force 1">
Utah Task Force 1

Utah Task Force 1 (UT-TF 1)- Salt Lake Urban Search & Rescue is one of 28 federal Department of Homeland Security / Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) Urban Search & Rescue Task Forces in the United States. The task force is based in Salt Lake City, Utah and is managed by the Unified Fire Authority and the Salt Lake City Fire Department. Activation of the task force is accomplished by the State of Utah, or FEMA for rapid deployment of the Task Force. The highly specialized task force is self-sufficient for up to 72 hours and includes physicians, canine search dogs, heavy rescue firefighters and paramedics, and structural engineers.
UT-TF 1 was deployed to the World Trade Center on September 11, 2001 and to the Hurricane Katrina site in 2005.
The Task Force manages 4.3 million dollars in specialized vehicles and equipment. This equipment is maintained by personnel trained by FEMA who work full-time for the Unified Fire Authority and the Salt Lake City Fire Department.
History.
UT-TF 1, Urban Search & Rescue (US&R/USAR) was formed by the direction of FEMA over 19 years ago. All task forces are managed by full-time fire departments & firefighters who in return use this specialized training every day.
True support for this type of response was identified after the 1989 Loma Prieta earthquake and the Oklahoma City bombing in April 1995.
Urban Search & Rescue.
Urban search and rescue (US&R) involves the location, rescue (extrication), and initial medical stabilization of victims trapped in confined spaces. Structural collapse is most often the cause of victims being trapped, but victims may also be trapped in transportation accidents and mine and trench collapses.
Urban search and rescue is considered a "multi-hazard" discipline, as it may be needed for a variety of emergencies or disasters including earthquakes, hurricanes, typhoons, storms and tornadoes, floods, dam failures, technological accidents, terrorist activities, and hazardous materials releases. The events may be slow in developing, as in the case of hurricanes, or sudden, as in the case of earthquakes.
References.
http://www.utahtaskforce1.org
http://www.usarcd.org
Facebook Page
Twitter Feed

</doc>
<doc id="19610449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610449" title="Dihexyverine">
Dihexyverine

Dihexyverine is an antimuscarinic.

</doc>
<doc id="19610460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610460" title="Royal New Zealand Fencible Corps">
Royal New Zealand Fencible Corps

The Royal New Zealand Fencible Corps was formed in 1846, following the conclusion of the Northern War against Hone Heke. The Governor, George Grey, had requested military forces for the defence of the early settlers in New Zealand, instead of supplying regular military forces the British Parliament approved the creation of the Corps.
History.
The term 'fencible is derived from "defensible", and regiments had been raised during the 1770s (for the Seven Years' War and the American War of Independence) and the 1790s (for the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars) — see list of British fencible regiments. Unlike regular British line regiments which could be posted anywhere, fencible regiments were raised for local defence and garrison duties and usually under their conditions for enlistment the men of a fencible corps could not be posted to other theatres.
The conditions for enlistment in the New Zealand Fencible were that soldiers of good character must have had 15 years of military service and have been under 48 years of age. Nearly all those recruited had extensive military action in India and Afghanistan. Most were married with several children. The conditions were posted at regiments throughout the British Isles.
Pay was 6 pence to 1 shilling and 3 pence a day in addition to their pension. The Commandant (Major Kenny) was paid £300; each officer was given a house and of land The pensioners were to be provided with a prefabricated fencibles cottage of 2 rooms, on an acre of land. One of the few remaining cottages, albeit in an altered form, is on its original site at 34 Abercrombie St, Howick. This cottage was built with the help of Maori labour for Henry and Elizabeth Rowe and their surviving 3 children in 1848, after they arrived in the "Sir George Seymour" in November 1847 . After 7 years the cottage and land would become their own property in exchange for the pensioner attending military exercises 12 days a year.
Ten ships brought 721 pensioner soldiers and their families, totalling over 2,500 people, between the years 1847 and 1852. The ships were Ann, Berhampore, Berwick Castle, Clifton, Inchannan, Minerva, Sir George Seymour and Sir Robert Sale. The average age of the men was about 40. They settled in the Auckland suburbs of Howick, Onehunga, Otahuhu and Panmure. At Howick a redoubt was built on Stockade Hill, a prominent hill at the north end of the village's main street. The position, with its associated earth works, is still there. In the 1849 census one third of Auckland's population were fencibles. About half were Anglican and half Catholic. Apart from working on their own plots most men were engaged in building roads between the fencible settlements. The material used for road building was scoria from volcanic cones at Pidgeon Mountain(then called Pidgeon Tree Hill),Mt Richmond and Mt Wellington.
They were first called to action in 1851 when a large party of about 350–450 Ngati Paoa from the Thames and Waikehe Island areas arrived at Mechanics Bay Auckland in about 20 waka to attack the city. A British regiment at Albert Park Barracks was called out to the hill overlooking the bay. It was reinforced by fencibles who had come from Onehunga, the closest fencible town. Fencibles at Howick and Panmure were stood to in case of further trouble. The frigate HMS Fly trained its guns on the Maori war party from offshore. The cause of the aggression was the arrest of a Ngati Paoa Chief who had stolen a shift from a shop in Shortland St. The situation was defused when the attackers were given tobacco and blankets. Later Ngati Paoa sent a greenstone mere (club) to the governor.
A group of 121 Ngati Mahuta under the great Waikato chief Te Wherowhero were also bought to South Auckland to defend the capital. They were given land at Mangere in 1849. They supplied their own arms but had British officers.
During the 1863 war about 75 military pensioners and their sons served in the Auckland Militia to defend Auckland.

</doc>
<doc id="19610463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610463" title="Rociverine">
Rociverine

Rociverine is an antimuscarinic.

</doc>
<doc id="19610476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610476" title="Trimebutine">
Trimebutine

Trimebutine is a drug with antimuscarinic and weak mu opioid agonist effects. The maleic acid salt of trimebutine is marketed under the trademark of Debridat, Recutin, Polybutin, or Modulon for treatment of irritable bowel syndrome and other gastrointestinal disorders. The major product from drug metabolism of trimebutine in human beings is nor-trimebutine, which comes from removal of one of the methyl groups attached to nitrogen. Trimebutine exerts its effects in part due to causing a premature activation of phase III of the migrating motor complex in the digestive tract. Both Trimebutine and its metabolite are commercially available.

</doc>
<doc id="19610477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610477" title="The Party's Over (Murphy's Law album)">
The Party's Over (Murphy's Law album)

"The Party's Over" is an album by hardcore punk band, Murphy's Law. It was released in 2001 on Artemis Records (see 2001 in music). Reflex/Wolfpack Records released the European vinyl pressing of the album in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19610486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610486" title="Camylofin">
Camylofin

Camylofin is an antimuscarinic.
It is used to treat stomach ache in infants and children. Usually it is given in combination with paracetamol to treat stomach ache, as well as Pyrexia.

</doc>
<doc id="19610491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610491" title="Oxyphencyclimine">
Oxyphencyclimine

Oxyphencyclimine is an antimuscarinic.

</doc>
<doc id="19610496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610496" title="Chris Liebenberg">
Chris Liebenberg

Christo Ferro Liebenberg (born 2 October 1934) is a South African banker who was Minister for Finance of South Africa, from 19 September 1994 to 4 April 1996, in the government of national unity chaired by Nelson Mandela.
He was born in Touws River in the Western Cape. His father worked on the railway lines. Touws River was one of the biggest railway junctions of that time in South Africa.
He started working at Nedcor Bank in 1952 as a messenger. He worked his way up until 1994 when he retired as CEO of Nedbank.
Nelson Mandela asked him to take over from Finance Minister Derek Keys in 1994.
As he was not affiliated to any political party, President Nelson Mandela changed the constitution to accommodate Liebenberg as Finance Minister.
As per agreement, he stayed for a certain period after which the position then went to Trevor Manuel.

</doc>
<doc id="19610512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610512" title="Black Brook, West Yorkshire">
Black Brook, West Yorkshire

The Black Brook is a small river in Calderdale, West Yorkshire, England.
The Black Brook rises near the border of Calderdale and Kirklees next to Scammonden Dam. It flows downwards through Stainland Dean, and then between Greetland and Stainland. Most of the river, at this point, forms a parish border between the parishes of Greetland and Stainland. The Holywell Brook flows into the Black Brook before flowing into West Vale and going on to join the River Calder.
The valley that the Black Brook flows through is named the Blackburne Valley.

</doc>
<doc id="19610522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610522" title="1993 U.S. Open Cup">
1993 U.S. Open Cup

The 1993 U.S. Open Cup was the 80th edition of the soccer tournament to crown the national champion of the United States. 
San Francisco's Club Deportivo Mexico (SFSFL) won the Open Cup by defeating Philadelphia's United German-Hungarians 5-0 in the final at Kuntz Stadium in Indianapolis, Indiana. 
With coach Slavador Lopez and marksman Jose Angulo aboard, CD Mexico had outdueled defending Open Cup holders San Jose Oaks 1-0 in earlier regional stages, then swept through the regional final to a semifinal meeting with the Milwaukee Bavarians. In that semifinal, Angulo's goal kept the game 1-1. With the game in overtime and the San Francisco side down to nine men, Angulo broke through on his own twice to give his beleaguered side a memorable 3-1 win.
Bracket.
a) CD Mexico advance 4-1 on penalties<br>b) McCormick Kickers advance 5-4 on penalties
Final.
MVP: Elias Fonseca

</doc>
<doc id="19610534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610534" title="Granit (company)">
Granit (company)

Granit () is a construction company in the Republic of Macedonia that is engaged in the design, research, construction and supervision of civil engineering structures. The company is headquartered in Skopje and also has a network of branch offices in Germany, Albania, Bulgaria, Ukraine, Croatia and Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="19610547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610547" title="The Birches">
The Birches

The Birches may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19610549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610549" title="Canoeing at the 1984 Summer Olympics – Men's C-1 500 metres">
Canoeing at the 1984 Summer Olympics – Men's C-1 500 metres

The men's C-1 500 metres event was an open-style, individual canoeing event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1984 Summer Olympics program.
Results.
Heats.
13 competitors were entered. Held on August 6, the top three finishers in each heat moved on to the semifinals with the others were relegated to the repechages.
Yun Hui-Chun is spelled as Yun Hi-Chun in the official report.
Repechages.
Repechages were held on August 6 with the top three finishers in each repechage advancing to the semifinals.
Semifinals.
Three semifinals were held on August 8 with the top three finishers of each semifinal advancing to the final.
Final.
The final took place on August 10.

</doc>
<doc id="19610551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610551" title="Shooting at the 1988 Summer Olympics – Women's 10 metre air rifle">
Shooting at the 1988 Summer Olympics – Women's 10 metre air rifle

Women's 10 metre air rifle was one of the thirteen shooting events at the 1988 Summer Olympics. It was the second installment of the event, and the first to feature final shooting.
Qualification round.
OR Olympic record – Q Qualified for final
Final.
OR Olympic record

</doc>
<doc id="19610556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610556" title="That Christmas Feeling">
That Christmas Feeling

That Christmas Feeling is the eleventh album by American singer-guitarist Glen Campbell, released in 1968 by Capitol Records.
Reissues.
While the album has never been formally reissued on CD in the United States, the Netherlands-based Disky Records label issued a CD version (with different cover art) in 2003. In 2010 Capitol Records Nashville made the album available as a digital download, with the original cover art and two bonus tracks ("The Night Before Christmas" and "Silent Night") taken from the 1969 BFGoodrich compilation album "The Christmas Sound of Music". In 2013, Capitol Records reissued it in the United States, but with a different title ("Icon Christmas") and cover art.
Charts.
Album – Billboard (United States)
Singles – Billboard (United States)

</doc>
<doc id="19610558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610558" title="John Fancy">
John Fancy

John Fancy (9 March 1913 – 16 September 2008) was a British former airman whose tunnelling escapes from various German prisoner of war camps during World War II earned him the nickname "The Mole", and inspired the book and film "The Great Escape".
Fancy was born in 1913 in the vicarage at Lund near Driffield in Yorkshire. He was educated at Hymers College and looked set to follow his father into a career in estate management but joined the RAF in 1935 instead. Although slightly colour blind he was passed fit for aircrew as an air observer and achieved the rank of Warrant Officer. His service record included delivering Blenheim bombers to Finland and operations over the North Sea including a raid on Stavanger. His squadron was then moved to operations over Northern Europe in support of the British Expeditionary Force rearguard actions which culminated in Operation Dynamo. 
He was first captured on May 14, 1940 when the Blenheim in which he was serving as air observer/navigator was shot down by German anti-aircraft fire while returning from a raid on Sedan, France. He was taken to Stalag Luft I (the Germans maintained separate POW camps for aircrew), as prisoner 89 he was one of the first allied airmen to be captured.
In all Fancy escaped from custody some sixteen times, and constructed eight separate tunnels from various camps, using a German-issued steel table knife as his principal tool. The knife became his prized possession after the war. As an escapee he had many adventures, including being captured by an extermination squad and being subjected to three mock executions.
Though he was Britain's most prolific tunnel-digger and once got as far as a boat off the Baltic coast, he was recaptured every time and was finally repatriated in April 1945 when his camp was liberated by the advancing Allied forces. He later observed: "After four years, 10 months and four days I landed back in England after taking off on what should have been a four-hour flight." He was Mentioned in Despatches for his conduct.
After the war Fancy established a market garden near Driffield and ran three greengrocery shops in Scarborough. Following the death of his wife in 1983 he retired to Slapton, Devon to be near his daughter.
Fancy published two books about his experiences in the war: "Tunnelling to Freedom" (Panther, 1957, ASIN B0007JJ9IS) and "Flights of Fancy" (Navigator, 1986, ISBN 0-902830-65-1).

</doc>
<doc id="19610565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610565" title="Gustav Adolf Deissmann">
Gustav Adolf Deissmann

Gustav Adolf Deissmann (7 November 1866 – 5 April 1937) was a German Protestant theologian, best known for his leading work on the Greek language used in the New Testament, which he showed was the "koine", or commonly used tongue of the Hellenistic world of that time.
Life.
Deissmann was professor of theology at the Ruprecht Karl University of Heidelberg (1897–1908), and then at the Friedrich Wilhelms University of Berlin (1908–1935). He was twice nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize, and held eight honorary doctorates from 6 different countries.
In 1904 he founded, together with Albrecht Dieterich, the "Eranos" circle in Heidelberg. Members included Ernst Troeltsch, Max Weber, Eberhard Gothein, Georg Jellinek, Karl Rathgen, and Wilhelm Windelband.
In Berlin, Deissmann's academic focus began to shift from Greek philology to the ecumenical movement, church reform and, significantly, international "Völkerverständigung" (i.e. peace-promoting mutual understanding between nations and cultures). From 1914 until 1922 he produced a regular semi-political international communiqué, the "Evangelischer Wochenbrief" (1914–1921), with its English equivalent "Protestant Weekly Letters" (1914–1917). Its target audience was primarily influential German and American Christians, and it provided a forum for the advancement of peace and understanding among nations.
In 1925 Deissmann became aware of the disintegration of ancient Ephesus, a historically important archaeological site, partly excavated before World War I under the auspices of the Austrian Archaeological Institute. Deissmann campaigned single-handedly for several years, both on a national and international level, to raise awareness of the plight of Ephesus, and managed to organise funding for the archaeological work to recommence in 1926, and continued annually until 1929.
Deissmann died on 5 April 1937, in Wünsdorf near Berlin, where he is buried in the local cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="19610572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610572" title="Kasper Holten">
Kasper Holten

Kasper Holten (formerly Kasper Bech Holten, born 29 March 1973) is a Danish stage director and Artistic Director. He was appointed in 2000, at age 27, to succeed Elaine Padmore, as Artistic Director of the Royal Danish Opera, and six years later he was still the youngest person running a European opera house.
By summer 2011 Holten took over, once again from Elaine Padmore, as Director of Opera at the Royal Opera House in London. His successor in Copenhagen would be the British director, Keith Warner.
He became internationally known for his production of "Der Ring des Nibelungen" at the Royal Danish Opera (released on DVD as "The Copenhagen Ring", which won the Gramophone Award in 2009 for Best DVD).
He is the director and writer (alongside Mogens Rukov) of "Juan", a movie based on Mozart's "Don Giovanni", shot in 2009 and starring Christopher Maltman and Mikhail Petrenko. The film opened in Copenhagen in April 2011
Kasper Holten is Vice President of the Board of the European Academy of Music Theatre.
References.
Notes
Other sources

</doc>
<doc id="19610573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610573" title="Adliyya Baku">
Adliyya Baku

Adliyya Baku was an Azerbaijani football club based in Baku. Playing in the town of Baku. The club played at the Adliyya Stadium (capacity 7.000). Last time the football club competed in 2010–11 Azerbaijan First Division. On 15 March 2011, it was announced that the club has been kicked out of the national competition. The reason was shown as the dissolution of the club. It was also stated that the withdrawal from the competition is temporary. However, the return of the club is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="19610581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610581" title="Fernet Branca">
Fernet Branca

Fernet Branca is a brand of fernet from Italy.
It was invented in Milan in 1845 by the Italian Maria Scala as a stomach medicine. She became Maria Branca through marriage, and the product's name was born. 
The same manufacturer offers also a sweeter, bitter, mint-flavored, Branca menta.

</doc>
<doc id="19610583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610583" title="Irada Ibrahimova">
Irada Ibrahimova

Irada Ibrahimova () is an Azerbaijani pop music singer. She is also known in Turkey and Russia. Her name is also spelled as Irade Ibrahimova 
She was born on April 3, 1980 in Azerbaijan as the second of three girls . She won a competition held by Azerbaijan state television named Umid 95. She did philology and journalism in Khazar university in Baku, Azerbaijan. Iradə İbrahimova worked in Azerbaijan state radio and television. She started professional singing career with an album called "Qəm Qalası" which was released in 2002. Her single called "Röya Kimi" was used in the soundtrack of a television serial named "Bəyaz həyat". She released an album in 2003 called "Ürəyinin Götürdüyü Yerə Get". She released her third album in 2005 called "Bahar Çiçəyi". She had a big success with this album.

</doc>
<doc id="19610595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610595" title="Per Sempre Amore">
Per Sempre Amore

"Per Sempre Amore (Forever Love)" is a song by British pop singer Lolly reaching number 11 in the UK single chart. It is the first single from the album "Pick 'n' Mix" and was released on April 24, 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="19610602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610602" title="Gijón Mariners">
Gijón Mariners

Gijón Mariners is an American football team based in Gijón, Asturias (Spain).
History.
The team was established in 2001 by a group of players of flag football at the beach. They joined the Spanish league for the 2006 season, and got included on the Western Conference of the LNFA 2. They played their first game ever on that competition February 19, 2006, against Zaragoza Hurricanes with a score against of 60-6. On their second season, again in the LNFA 2, they qualified for the play-offs and only lost on the last round (semi-finals) for the championship bowl.
The success of the merchandise finally made it possible to reach the top competition, the LNFA, on the 2008 season. They finished with a 4-4 (Won-Lost) record, the best ever for a rookie team on the league's history.
International Agreements.
In 2012 Gijón Mariners reached an agreement with Pumas Dorados de la UNAM to exchange players and coaches from both clubs, as well as to share guidelines and training plans.

</doc>
<doc id="19610613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610613" title="The Birches (Belgrade Lakes, Maine)">
The Birches (Belgrade Lakes, Maine)

The Birches in Belgrade Lakes, Maine is an historic house, built in 1916. The architects were John Calvin Stevens and his son John Howard Stevens.
'The Birches' was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="19610616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610616" title="Minister of Health (South Africa)">
Minister of Health (South Africa)

In the South African government, the Minister of Health is the member of the national Cabinet responsible for the Department of Health, and therefore for national health policy and the administration of public health. The position is of particular importance in South Africa because of the massive impact of the AIDS pandemic in the country.

</doc>
<doc id="19610639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610639" title="Eckart Höfling">
Eckart Höfling

Eckart Höfling (28 October 1936 – 1 March 2014) was a German Catholic priest who worked combating poverty in Brazil.
Höfling was born in Langenprozelten, Lower Franconia. In 1949 Eckart Höflich completed his schooling in Würzburg and passed the legal clerk exams in 1952. He assumed a position in Karlstadt until 1957, when he joined the Franciscan Order. He was sent to Brazil for the first time in 1959/1960. He studied philosophy and theology and was ordained a priest on December 10, 1966 by the Bishop of Würzburg, Josef Stangl. He was sent to Brazil to lead two parishes there. He was awarded the German Federal Cross of Merit ("Bundesverdienstkreuz") for his work in 2007, and the Quadriga Award in 2008.
Projects and Positions.
He set up social centers in the favelas Vila Ideal and Prainha and organized regular medical care for the inhabitants of the favelas. The money for this project - over 2 million Euros in the past 30 years- was given by the German Georg Ludwig Rexroth-Stiftung. 

</doc>
<doc id="19610659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610659" title="Saxony state election, 1999">
Saxony state election, 1999

The Saxony state election of 1999 was held on September 19, 1999, to elect members of the Landtag of Saxony.
Results.
Turnout was 61.1%, an increase of 2.7% over the previous Landtag elections.
The Five-Percent-Hurdle in German politics allows only parties receiving over 5% to gain seats.

</doc>
<doc id="19610660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610660" title="Harry Liedtke">
Harry Liedtke

Harry Liedtke (12 October 1882 – 28 April 1945) was a German film actor.
Early life.
Liedtke was born in Königsberg, East Prussia to a merchant as the seventh out of 12 children. After the death of his father in 1896, he grew up in an orphanage and began a qualification in retail business. By the chance acquaintance of Hans Oberländer, a stage director at Berlin, he started to take stage classes and was first engaged at the municipal Theater of Freiberg, Saxony. In 1908 Liedtke worked at the New German Theatre in New York City and in 1909 at the Deutsches Theater Berlin.
Career.
In 1912 Liedtke appeared for the first time in the silent movie "Zu spät" and from now on usually as a young "Charming Boy" and gentleman. With Ernst Lubitsch he made movies like "Das fidele Gefängnis" (1917), "Die Augen der Mumie Ma" (1918), "Carmen" (1918), "Die Austernprinzessin" (1919), "Madame Dubarry" (1919), "Sumurun" (1920) and "Das Weib des Pharao" (1921). He also appeared in several crime stories as "Stuart Webbs" or "Joe Deebs" written by Joe May. Liedtke was a popular actor in the 1920s and partner of Marlene Dietrich in "I Kiss Your Hand, Madame" (1929). Liedtke met with less success in sound films, probably due to his advancing age.
From 1920 till 1928, Liedtke was married to the actress Käthe Dorsch.
Death.
On April 28, 1945, Liedtke was killed by Red Army Soldiers in his house at Bad Saarow-Pieskow east of Berlin together with his third wife Christa Tordy. One of the Russians smashed a bottle over his head when he tried to save a young woman who had taken shelter in his apartment from being raped.

</doc>
<doc id="19610663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610663" title="Javid Huseynov">
Javid Huseynov

Javid Huseynov (, born on 9 March 1988 in Jabrayil, Soviet Union) is an Azerbaijani football striker. He currently plays for the Azerbaijan Premier League side Baku.

</doc>
<doc id="19610664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610664" title="Caravaca CF">
Caravaca CF

Caravaca Club de Fútbol was a Spanish football team based in Caravaca de la Cruz, in the Region of Murcia. Founded in 1969 and dissolved in 2011, it held home games at "Estadio Antonio Martínez El Morao", with a capacity of 2,000 spectators.
History.
"Caravaca Club de Fútbol" was founded in 1969 (after previous denominations as "Deportiva Caravaqueña" and "Caravaca Football Club"), first reaching "Tercera División" in 1980, and lasting six seasons.
The club returned to level four in 1991, consolidating in that division in the following decades; in the 2008–09 season, Caravaca led all teams in the group at 115 goals scored and, after defeating CD Ourense in the promotion playoffs, its first promotion to level three.
After the 2010–11 season, the club was forced to dissolve due to economic problems, and its place was bought by CF La Unión.

</doc>
<doc id="19610670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610670" title="FC Politehnica II Timișoara">
FC Politehnica II Timișoara

FC Politehnica II Timișoara was the reserve squad of FC Politehnica Timișoara. It was founded in 2005 and dissolved in 2012.
Notable former players.
</noinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="19610676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610676" title="German Bank Building">
German Bank Building

The German Bank Building, known also as Louisville Home Federal Building, is a historic building in Downtown Louisville, Kentucky, USA. It is located on the corner of Fifth and Market streets. The two-story structure was built in 1914 in a Beaux-Arts style with a limestone facade. In 1918, the name of the building was changed to Louisville National Bank. This was during World War I when many institutions changed names to avoid association with Germany.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984, for its architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="19610692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610692" title="Faculdades Integradas Rio Branco">
Faculdades Integradas Rio Branco

The Faculdades Integradas Rio Branco, is a Brazilian private institution of higher education, nestled at São Paulo's neighborhood of Lapa, it's appeared as an initiative from the Fundação de Rotarianos de São Paulo - a non-profitable entity that promotes the sponsoring of education, created in 1946 by associates of the São Paulo's Rotary Club.
Achievements.
Its International Relations undergraduation program, is in 3rd place among the national ranking.
The Faculdades Integradas Rio Branco has been classified among the 8 best Instituitions of Higher Education of São Paulo, according to the results obtained in the Enade (National Examination of Students Development) in 2006.
The best grade in Brazil on Publishing, in 2006, has been earned by an alumnus of the Faculdades Integradas Rio Branco.

</doc>
<doc id="19610693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610693" title="Sainik School, Rewa">
Sainik School, Rewa

Sainik School Rewa () is one of the 24 Sainik Schools of India. It is a purely residential school for boys. The medium of instruction is English. Established by Government of India on 20 July 1962 at the sprawling estate known as Yuvraj Bhawan which belonged to Maharaja Martand Singh Judeo, Yuvraj of former Princely state of Rewa, the school prepares boys to join the armed forces. The school has contributed about 400 officers. It is affiliated to Central Board of Secondary Education and is a member of Indian Public Schools Conference (IPSC).
The school prepares boys for entry into the National Defence Academy, Khadakwasla, Pune and for other walks of life.
Administration.
The administration of Sainik School is vested in an autonomous body known as Sainik Schools Society under Ministry of Defence, India. Sainik Schools Society is headed by the Board of Governors under the Chairmanship of Raksha Rajya Mantri (Union Minister of Defense). The Chief Ministers/Education Ministers of the states where the Sainik Schools are located, are members of the Board of Governors. There is a Local Board of Administration for each school with a senior defense service officer as its Chairman. The Air Officer Commanding-in-Chief, Central Air Command, Allahabad is the Chairman of the board for Sainik School Rewa. The Principal is the administrative and academic head of the institute. He is assisted by two other service officers viz. Headmaster and Registrar. The service officers are specialty selected and are on deputation from Ministry of Defense.
Campus.
Sainik School Rewa is located in Rewa, in the Indian state Madhya Pradesh. The campus spreads across of land. The climate of Rewa is dry in summer and quite cold in winters. Rewa is located on the Varanasi–Kanyakumari highway (NH 7) at a distance of 550 km from Bhopal, 235 km from Jabalpur and 578 km from Raipur. It is accessible by road and rail from Satna (54 km). The school is 2 km from Rewa Bus stand and 6 km away from Rewa Railway Station. Direct trains are available from Bhopal, Jabalpur, Allahabad and New Delhi.
Main building.
The main building houses the administrative office and the office of the Principal, Head Master and Registrar of the school. It has class-rooms for all the students from class VI to XII, an IT centre with fifty computers, laboratories (Physics, Chemistry, Biology and Languages), Auditorium, Library, Art Room, Audio-Visual Room, Wood, Metal and Electrical Workshop.
Hostel Blocks.
The school is fully residential. All cadets are accommodated in Dormitories/Hostels (referred as Houses) under direct supervision of Housemasters who act as their guides and guardians. The housemasters are assisted in their job by Matron/Hostel Superintendents who take care of cadets' personal hygiene and comforts. At present the school has five senior and five junior Houses. Senior Houses are named after important rivers and mountain ranges of Madhya Pradesh and Junior Houses are named after ancient Indian mythological heroes. The hostels have study, recreation, colour TV sets, table tennis rooms and a barber.
Cadets Mess.
The campus has a central mess which caters for members in one sitting. Both vegetarian and non-vegetarian food is available. .
Athletic Field.
The campus has many playgrounds for different-2 games.Campus has basketball courts,volleyball courts,hockey ground and football fields .It also has one Athletic field where yearly athletic events are conducted,the field has 400 meter track for racing and other track events,it also has polevault, high jump, long jump, hammer throw, short-put and triple jump fields .There are three helipads in athletic field.
Admissions.
Admissions are given in Class VI, Class IX and Class XI. Admission for classes VI and IX is carried out on the basis of an entrance exam usually held in January. An interview is conducted at Sainik School Rewa and a Medical Exam at Military Hospital Jabalpur. Admission for class XI is carried out on the basis of the class X results of same year, interview and medical exam. Only science stream is available in the school.
Sale of Admission Form : During the month of October to December
Last date of Submission of Admission form : First week of December
Date of Entrance exam : First Sunday of January
N.C.C..
N.C.C. is an integral part of students' life in Sainik School Rewa. The School has an Independent Company of Junior and Senior Division N.C.C. as integral part. N.C.C. unit of school comprises all the three wings of defence services i.e. the Army, Navy and Air Force.
Sports and Games.
Morning P.T. and evening games are compulsory. The School has facilities for Volleyball, Basketball, Football, Badminton, Hockey and Tennis. The school has a gymnasium. Coaching is provided by qualified instructors for most of the games. Indoor games like TT, Chess and Carrom are also available. The School has an obstacle course to test and improve students' courage, physical endurance and physique. P.T. is compulsory and all students are to take part in regular physical training, including cross country runs. Centralised mountaineering and trekking courses are conducted by the Sainik Schools Society.

</doc>
<doc id="19610694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610694" title="Alfred Earle (bishop)">
Alfred Earle (bishop)

Alfred Earle (1827-28 December 1918) was the Bishop of Marlborough from 1888 to 1900.
He was born the son of surgeon Henry Earle and was educated at Eton College and Hertford College, Oxford. 
He was ordained in 1858 and was a curate of St Edmund's Salisbury and then rector of Monkton Farleigh before becoming vicar of Alvington. He then had 15 years in Totnes, where he also became a rural dean and, from 1872 to 1888, the Archdeacon of Totnes. After his time as Bishop of Marlborough he became the Dean of Exeter until his death.

</doc>
<doc id="19610704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610704" title="Alexander Alderman Semmes">
Alexander Alderman Semmes

Alexander Alderman Semmes (1825 – September 22, 1885) was a career United States Navy officer, who served with distinction in the American Civil War. He was a cousin of Confederate naval hero Raphael Semmes, and also of Confederate general Paul Jones Semmes.
Naval career.
Semmes became a midshipman on October 27, 1841. He attended the United States Naval Academy and became a passed midshipman on August 10, 1847. He was promoted to master on September 14, 1855, and to lieutenant the next day, September 15, 1855. He became a lieutenant commander on July 16, 1862, and commander on July 25, 1866. He attained the rank of captain on August 24, 1873, and was promoted to commodore on March 10, 1882.
Civil War service.
Semmes served on the side-wheel steamship as a lieutenant during the first year of the war, during which time the vessel captured the Confederate schooner "Aristides" off Charlotte harbor. In March 1862, he was given command of the screw steamer , and participated in the Battle of the Riceboro River.
Semmes was promoted to lieutenant commander in July, and given command of the new screw propeller gunboat on October 17, 1862. Serving in the East Gulf Blockade Squadron commanded by Admiral Cornelius Stribling, he was able to make seven captures off the west coast of Florida, as well as launching an expeditionary attack at Tampa Bay and engaging the shore batteries at Gadsden Point in April 1863.
In August 1864, he became commander of the "Passaic"-class monitor , participating in the bombardment of Fort Pringle, and in the operations at Charleston until that city surrendered. He co-operated with Gen. U.S. Grant's army, fought the Howlett's House batteries, and was present at the fall of Richmond in 1865.
Postwar service.
Semmes was made captain of the sloop of war USS , and in around December 1875 was ordered by President Grant to Cape Palmas, Liberia, in a show of force to stop the Grebo-Liberian War. Semmes pulled into Cape Palmas on 3 February 1876.
In 1880, Semmes was made the third president of the Board of Inspection and Survey, which had been formed in 1868. He served as the board's president until June 1883. At the time of his death, he commanded the Washington Navy Yard.
Personal life.
Semmes married Mary Dorsey of Baltimore, Maryland in 1864. He died in 1885 at the age of 60.

</doc>
<doc id="19610705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610705" title="Thomas Wode">
Thomas Wode

Sir Thomas Wode KS (died 31 August 1502) was a British judge.
His early life and career are unknown, leading to him being described as 'perhaps the most obscure chief justice of the Tudor period'. His Inn, through process of elimination, was Middle Temple (as the Middle Temple records for that period are missing, while the records of the other three Inns do not include him), and his first appointment was as a Justice of the Peace for Berkshire in 1478, the same year being returned for Parliament representing Wallingford. He was made a Serjeant-at-law in 1486, and in 1488 a King's Serjeant; it is supposed he then became a member of Serjeant's Inn after this. On 24 November 1495 he was made a Puisne Justice of the Court of Common Pleas, and on 28 October 1500 he was made Chief Justice of the Common Pleas. His presidency of the Court of Common Pleas was short, with Wode dying in office on 31 August 1502. He had lived at Childrey in North Berkshire (now Oxfordshire) and was buried at Reading Abbey in accordance with his will, leaving a gold ring and two books to Thomas Frowyk, who succeeded him as Chief Justice.

</doc>
<doc id="19610724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610724" title="Luciano Pistoi">
Luciano Pistoi

Luciano Pistoi (1927–1995), art critic, dealer, journalist and publisher, promoter and organizer of cultural events. One of the most prominent figures in the postwar Italian art world.
Luciano Pistoi worked in Torino, Rome and Volpaia, near Siena, places in which he presented emerging and well known international and Italian artists, often against the stream and with unusual approach and combination of works and artists, involving critics of different generations and trends. He come from a family of Tuscan origins, arrived in Torino very young and in the early 50s'worked as an art critic for the newspaper L'Unità. In 1957 he opened his first gallery called Galleria Notizie with an exhibition of works by Wols and where he will present artists such as Jean Fautrier, Jackson Pollock, Alberto Burri, Lucio Fontana, Jean Dubuffet, George Mathieu, Norman Bluhm, Mark Tobey, Spazzapan, Imai, Antoni Tàpies, Accardi, Pinot Gallizio, Cy Twombly, Asger Jorn, Shiraga, Giovanni Paolo Pannini, Riopelle, Sam Francis, Louise Nevelson, Salvatore Scarpitta, Fausto Melotti, Carla Accardi, Mario Merz and other protagonists of the international art world. He worked with the most important international art dealers such as Arne Glimcher, Beyeler, Paul Maenz, Sprovieri, Plinio De Martiis, Gasparo del Corso, Tazzoli, Alexander Jolas, and many others
He organized extraordinary exhibitions like the first European appearance of the Japanese group Gutai and the exhibition "Arte Nuova" (New Art) both organized in 1959 in collaboration with the French critic Michel Tapié. Luciano Pistoi also worked at length with the most active art critics of the period: from Enrico Crispolti to carla Lonzi, from Maurizio Fagiolo to Giuliano Briganti
From the early 60s' Pistoi start getting interested in new expressions, with a particular attention to the work of young artists like the Italians Piero Manzoni, Pino Pascali, Giulio Paolini and Luciano Fabro, and the international ones like Christo, without abandoning the rediscovery and rereadings of the protagonists of the European avantgardes - Francis Picabia, René Magritte, Fernand Léger, Yves Tanguy among many others. An opening to confrontation which inspired also his roman years, with the discovery of the Transavangarde artists, and the experience he started in Tuscany at castello di Volpaia where he organized every year an exhibition that occupied an entire medieval town.

</doc>
<doc id="19610732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610732" title="1994 U.S. Open Cup">
1994 U.S. Open Cup

The 1994 U.S. Open Cup was the 81st edition of the soccer tournament to crown the national champion of the United States. This was the last tournament before the reintroduction of professional teams with A-League teams taking part in 1995 and MLS teams in 1996. 
The Greek-American A.C. of San Francisco returned to claim a second national Open Cup championship (their first being in 1985), by defeating Milwaukee's Bavarian Leinenkugel 3-0 at UGH Field in Oakford, Pennsylvania. 
On the way to the final, the San Francisco side ousted the San Jose Oaks 3-2 and Flamenco United 5-2 before narrowly overcoming L.A.'s Exiles 1-0. The Greeks then rolled to a 3-0 victory over the Philadelphia Flames in the semifinal. Lothar Osiander proved to be a lucky talisman for the team again as he faced former U.S. national team coach Bob Gansler's Milwaukee team in the final. Greek-American won the match behind two goals from Mike Deleray and one from Derek van Rheenen. The victory marked the third consecutive title for a Northern California team in the Open Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19610740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610740" title="John M. Fahey, Jr.">
John M. Fahey, Jr.

John M. Fahey was appointed chairman of the National Geographic Society in January 2011. He is also chairman of the executive committee of the Society’s board of trustees and chairman of National Geographic’s Education Foundation. He served as CEO of National Geographic from March 1998 to December 2013 and president of the Society from March 1998 to December 2010. 
Fahey joined National Geographic on April 1, 1996, as the first president and CEO of National Geographic Ventures, the nonprofit Society’s wholly owned, taxable subsidiary. 
During his tenure, Fahey led an evolution of the National Geographic Society, including its entry into cable television with the National Geographic Channels, currently available in more than 440 million homes in 171 countries in 48 languages; the international growth of National Geographic magazine, now published in English and 39 local-language editions; and the extension of National Geographic content into virtually every aspect of digital media. In addition to continuing the Society’s efforts to improve geographic literacy, Fahey guided the significant expansion of the Society’s Mission Programs during the past decade, including the creation of the National Geographic Explorers-in-Residence, Fellows and Emerging Explorers programs; and the Genographic Project that is charting, through DNA analysis, the migratory history of humans. Fahey also spearheaded the Society’s move into the creation of regional grant-making programs around the world, beginning in Northern Europe and Asia. 
From 1989 until joining National Geographic, Fahey was chairman, president and CEO of Time Life Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Time Warner Inc. He worked previously for Home Box Office, where he was instrumental in the startup of CINEMAX. He also was a circulation manager for Time magazine.
Fahey serves on the board and executive committee of the Smithsonian National Museum of Natural History as well as the boards of Johnson Outdoors Inc., Exclusive Resorts and Great Plains Investment LLC. He is a member of the advisory board of the University of Michigan’s Ross School of Business.
In July 2011, he received Peru’s highest civilian award, “Orden del Sol del Peru” (Order of the Sun), from the government of Peru for his and the Society’s role in helping retrieve a collection of ancient artifacts taken from Machu Picchu nearly 100 years ago.
Born in New York City, Fahey received his bachelor’s degree in engineering from Manhattan College and his master’s in business administration from the University of Michigan. In 2008, he received the David D. Alger Alumni Achievement Award from the University of Michigan’s Ross School of Business.
Fahey has been selected as one of Advertising Age’s top 100 marketers and by Irish American magazine as one of the top 100 Irish Americans. 

</doc>
<doc id="19610749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610749" title="Abd al-Rahman Mowakket">
Abd al-Rahman Mowakket

Abdul Rahman Mowakket (born 1946) is a contemporary sculptor from Syria.
Abdul Rahman's career as a sculptor spans more than 40 years. He has been fully devoted to artistic work since 1976. He has a private workshop.
Background.
He was born in 1946 in Aleppo city. He studied there and graduated from the Teachers postgraduate institute with a “good” degree. In 1960 he started practicing fine arts, drawing, and sculpture. In 1965 he started his studies of Fine Arts by personal study through a big collection of Fine Art techniques and sciences literature. In 1970 he started his actual artistic activities on the country level with a series of personal, group, and official exhibitions. In 1976 he devoted himself to the Fine Arts by practicing it in his own atelier (workshop) and he began to teach Sculpture in the Fine Art Centre in Aleppo. In 1980 he went to Italy and studied nude sculpture at the Rome Academy of Fine Art. In Rome he was introduced to the artistic movement in Rome and to the most important works of art in the squares and the museums of Italy. Also, he exhibited his work in an exhibition in Rome. In 1982 he returned to Syria and began to execute large number of sculpture works and started to prepare a good number of studies of monumental statues in the favour of many local squares. In 1984 he started to execute a large number of monumental statues in the squares of city of Aleppo, which he continues to this day. He also presented many statues which have been presented in personal and group exhibitions.
Distribution.
His work is distributed in:
A large number of statues have been distributed in Lebanon, Germany, France, Spain, Italy, and elsewhere.
Activities.
He managed the artistic symposium in Aleppo which involved more than 100 artists.
He is a member of the Fine arts Council and the Arab Fin Artists Union.
Awards.
He won many trophies in monumental competitions in Syria. He won a Sculpture trophy (Golden Medal) in AL Mahabbah biennale Lattakia in 1999. He won a number of certifications from the Minister's Chamber, Ministry of Culture, and a number of artistic establishments.
He was honoured by the Ministry of Culture at the 2002 Al Mahabbah Festival due to the part he played in the artistic movement and for the works he executed.

</doc>
<doc id="19610757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610757" title="List of Ultras of Southeast Asia">
List of Ultras of Southeast Asia

This is a list of all the Ultra prominent peaks (with topographic prominence greater than 1,500 metres) in Southeast Asia.
Sources.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19610766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610766" title="Tanton">
Tanton

Tanton is a surname. It may refer to the following people:

</doc>
<doc id="19610772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610772" title="Liban Abdi">
Liban Abdi

Liban Abdi (, ) (born 5 October 1988) is a Norwegian footballer who plays for Turkish Süper Lig club Çaykur Rizespor . He previously played for Sheffield United in England, for Ferencváros in Hungary and for Olhanense in Portugal.
Abdi was born in Somalia, but grew up in Norway and holds Norwegian citizenship.
Early life.
Abdi was born in Burao, Somalia, in 1988. He spent most of his childhood in Oslo, Norway, where he attended both primary and secondary school. He lived in Stovner, an eastern borough in Oslo.
Career.
Club career.
Abdi moved to England with his family at the age of 14, and after a year in England he joined Sheffield United's youth academy. Abdi was the first Somali to be awarded a professional football contract at Sheffield United after impressing with the club's Academy. Following spells with Newport Pagnell Town and Buckingham Town, he was picked up by United when he subsequently moved to Sheffield with the assistance of the "Football Unites, Racism Divides" program.
Having signed a two-year contract in the summer of 2008, Abdi was loaned out to the Blades' sister club, Ferencváros, for the following season to gain first team experience. On his return, and after failing to break into the first team at Bramall Lane, he was released by Sheffield United in July 2010.
He then joined Ferencváros on a permanent basis, spending two seasons with the club, before moving to Portuguese Primeira Liga club Olhanense in the 2012 close season.
International career.
Abdi is eligible to play for both Somalia and Norway but has not represented any of them although he has stated that he wants to play for Norway. When Norway national team coach Egil "Drillo" Olsen announced his squad for the friendly match against Greece in August 2012, Drillo said that he had never seen Abdi in action despite the fact that he was playing in Portugal. Two months later Drillo stated that Abdi was not good enough for the Norwegian team, when announcing his squad for the World Cup qualifiers against Switzerland and Cyprus.

</doc>
<doc id="19610801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610801" title="Glen Thomas">
Glen Thomas

Glen Andrew Thomas (born 6 October 1967) is an English former professional association football player. During a fourteen-year professional career he played for Fulham, Peterborough United, Barnet, Gillingham and Brighton & Hove Albion, and made over 300 appearances in the Football League.
Career.
Born in the Hackney district of London, Thomas began his career as an apprentice professional with Fulham in October 1984. He turned professional with the club a year later, and spent nine years playing for the Craven Cottage-based team, playing a total of 295 matches, mainly as a central defender. During his time with the club, Fulham suffered relegation on two occasions, and dropped to the bottom division of the Football League. In November 1994 he moved to Peterborough United on a free transfer, but played only 11 matches before joining Barnet in March 1995.
In January 1996 Thomas moved again, this time to Gillingham. The Kent-based club was challenging for promotion from the Football League Third Division and manager Tony Pulis was looking to strengthen his team. Thomas remained with the "Gills" until the end of the 1997–98 season, but played only 30 matches, his opportunities being restricted by a succession of injuries. One such injury occurred in November 1996 as the team were training for an upcoming Football League Cup match against Ipswich Town of the First Division. Thomas jumped for the ball but lost his balance and stumbled into a nearby tree. A branch hit him in the face and he was taken to hospital where he required surgery to save his sight. Pulis commented that the player had come within an inch of losing his eye.
Thomas was released from his contract with Gillingham in July 1998 and joined Brighton & Hove Albion. He remained with the club until March 1999, but was restricted to just five appearances. His final match at a professional level was in October 1998, in a 3–1 defeat to Mansfield Town. He subsequently dropped into non-league football with Barking, and went on to play for several other clubs in the Isthmian League. He later moved into coaching and in 2008 was appointed as assistant manager of Redbridge. He had captained the club in 2001 under its former name of Ford United.

</doc>
<doc id="19610821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610821" title="Thomas Frowyk">
Thomas Frowyk

Sir Thomas Frowyk KS (c.1460 – 7 October 1506) was an English justice. 
Family.
Born at Gunnersbury, Middlesex, Thomas Frowyk was the son of a London mercer, Sir Thomas Frowyk, by his second wife, Jane Sturgeon, daughter of Richard Sturgeon. He had a sister, Isabel Frowyk, who married Sir Thomas Haute (d.1505), and a brother, Sir Henry Frowyk. His grandfather, Henry Frowyk, was also a mercer, and an alderman and Lord Mayor of London. Frowyk was mentioned in the 1464 will of his grandmother, Isabella Frowyk.
Career.
Frowyk is said to have been educated at Cambridge. He was admitted to the Inner Temple, where he appears to have shared a chamber with Thomas Marowe (d.1505), Serjeant-at-law, author of the legal treatise, "On The Peace". Frowyk and John Kingsmill, Justice of the Common Pleas, were later among those appointed as executors of Marowe's will.
At the Inner Temple Frowyk 'gave readings in the autumn terms of 1492 (Westminster II cc.6–11) and 1495 (Prerogativa regis), readings which were often cited subsequently'.
He was appointed Common Serjeant of London about 1486, Serjeant-at-law in 1495, and King's Serjeant in November 1501. At about this time he was on retainer to the Earls of Stafford and the Dukes of Buckingham. He was appointed Chief Justice of the Common Pleas on 30 September 1502. In his capacity as Chief Justice he wrote 'a significant dissenting judgment in the celebrated case of Orwell v. Mortoft (1505) contributing to the development, in later years, of the action on the case as an alternative process to recover a debt'.
Frowyk was knighted in 1502. He died 7 October 1506, and was buried at Finchley with his first wife, Joan (née Bardville), where a memorial to him was erected which was later defaced. He left a will dated 13 August 1505, with a codicil dated 6 October 1506.
He was said by Thomas Fuller to have been ‘accounted the oracle of law in his age’.
Marriages and issue.
Frowyk married firstly Joan Bardville, by whom he had a son, Thomas, who appears to have died young.
He married secondly, by 1498, Elizabeth Carnevyle, daughter of William Carnevyle of Tockington, Gloucestershire. At the time he made his will, Frowyk had a daughter, Frideswide, aged 9 on 2 February 1507; it is not known whether she was the child of his first or second marriage. Frideswide Frowyk was the first wife of Sir Thomas Cheyney, Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports.
After Frowyk's death, his widow married Thomas Jakes (d.1516), Clerk of the Warrants of the Inner Temple, and one of Frowyk's executors. Frowyk's niece, Elizabeth Frowyk, married Sir John Spelman, Justice of the King's Bench. 

</doc>
<doc id="19610825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610825" title="Richard Gardiner (disambiguation)">
Richard Gardiner (disambiguation)

Richard Gardiner was the Lord Mayor of London.
Richard Gardiner may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19610827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610827" title="Agil Nabiyev">
Agil Nabiyev

Agil Nabiyev (; born 16 June 1982 in Tovuz) is an Azerbaijani footballer currently playing for Ravan Baku and Azerbaijan national football team.
In August 2013 Nabiyev signed for Ravan Baku. 

</doc>
<doc id="19610836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610836" title="Douglas Kirby">
Douglas Kirby

Douglas Bernard Kirby, Ph.D. (October 9, 1943 − December 22, 2012) was senior research scientist for ETR Associates in Scotts Valley, California, and one of the world’s leading experts on the effectiveness of school and community programs in the reduction of adolescent sexual risk-taking behaviors. In recent years he had also undertaken research and analysis on the impact of HIV/AIDS prevention programs in Uganda under the auspices of the World Health Organization, USAID, and other organizations.
Kirby authored over 100 articles, chapters and monographs on these programs including the widely acclaimed "Emerging Answers 2007: Research Finding on Programs to Reduce Teen Pregnancy and Sexually Transmitted Diseases" which he produced for the National Campaign to Prevent Teen and Unplanned Pregnancy. It is a comprehensive review of 115 program evaluations to help determine the most effective approaches to preventing teen pregnancy and STDs. It paints a detailed picture of the protective factors associated with adolescent risk taking behavior and identifies important characteristics of effective sexuality and HIV education programs. His recent research has shown strong evidence for the effectiveness of comprehensive sex and STD/HIV programs and limited evidence for the effectiveness of sexual abstinence programs.
Biography.
Douglas Kirby was born in Walla Walla, Washington. He did his undergraduate education at the University of Chicago and UC Berkeley, receiving his Bachelor of Arts in 1966. After a stint as a Vista volunteer in Appalachia, Kirby attended UCLA where he received his Ph.D. in Sociology in 1975. From 1977 to 1983 he worked as Director of the Social Science Group for Mathtech, Inc. in Washington D.C.. While at Mathtech he directed a research project to analyze the state of sex education in the United States. From 1983 to 1988 he worked with The Center for Population Options (now Advocates for Youth) and did a national study on the impact of school health programs on teen sexual behavior. In 1988, Dr. Kirby went to work for ETR Associates in Scotts Valley, CA. where he served as Senior Research Scientist and director of many projects on adolescent health and risk taking behavior. His father, Bernard C. Kirby, was a sociology professor at San Diego State University (1954–1975), and his brother Robion Kirby, is a professor of mathematics at UC Berkeley. Dr. Kirby died of a heart attack at the age of 69 on December 22, 2012, while climbing Cotopaxi volcano in Ecuador.

</doc>
<doc id="19610838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610838" title="Adventures of Cow">
Adventures of Cow

Adventures Of Cow is a 2005 children's picture book series by Lori Korchek and illustrated by Marshall Taylor.
Series.
A squish toy cow, travels in a yellow backpack. She asks various misidentified farm animals how to get home, because she is very confused and not really smart. Back home, she talks to her family which are a penguin doorstep, a hippo vase, and a vegetable brush. Her aunt, a vegetable brush, suggests that she write books about her adventures. That causes the toy cow to become famous and appear on TV.
Cow needs groceries and he has just a few items on the list. Also, Cow needs to make it home on time. It has vocabulary mix-ups and silly on-location photographs.

</doc>
<doc id="19610857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610857" title="Granville Roland Fortescue">
Granville Roland Fortescue

Granville Roland Fortescue (October 12, 1875-April 21, 1952) was an American soldier, a Rough Rider serving with his cousin, Colonel Theodore Roosevelt in Cuba, a presidential aide in the first Roosevelt administration and later, a journalist and war correspondent for the London "Standard" during the Rif War in 1920 Spanish Morocco. He wrote for the London "Daily Telegraph" during World War I and during the Spanish Civil War.
Family.
Fortescue was the son of U.S. Congressman Robert Roosevelt (1829–1906), who was the brother of Theodore Roosevelt, Sr., the uncle of President Theodore Roosevelt and the great-uncle of Eleanor Roosevelt. Roosevelt married his mistress, Marion Theresa "Minnie" O'Shea Fortescue, after the death of his first wife. He then adopted the three children conceived before the marriage, Granville, Kenyon, and Maud. 
Fortescue's undergraduate education began at Yale College; then he transferred to the University of Pennsylvania. His college years were cut short when he volunteered in 1898 for the 1st United States Volunteer Cavalry. He completed his education when he graduated from the Army Staff College in 1904.
In 1910, Captain "Rolly" Fortescue married Grace Hubbard Fortescue (née Grace Hubbard Bell) (1883–1979), a niece of the inventor Alexander Graham Bell and an heir to the Bell Telephone Company fortune. The wedding party included Captain Archibald Butt, who served with the groom in the White House as a Presidential aide. 
The couple had three daughters. An alleged rape of daughter Thalia Massie embroiled his wife in the 1932 murder trial in Hawaii, known as the "Massie Affair". Afterwards, she returned to a quiet life with her husband as they moved seasonally between family homes on Long Island and in Palm Beach. Another daughter took the stage name of Helene Whitney (1914–1990) as an actress.
Career.
Fortescue was a Rough Rider wounded at San Juan Hill in Cuba and serving in the Philippines during the Spanish-American War. 
Fortescue was posted as a U.S. military attaché in Japan during the Russo-Japanese War. Along with other Western military attachés, he had two complementary missions—to assist the Japanese and to observe the Japanese forces in the field during the Russo-Japanese War.
Service as an artillery officer during World War I was the capstone of Fortescue's military career.
Captain Fortescue's final resting place is in Arlington National Cemetery, the only Roosevelt to be buried there.
Selected work.
His journalism experience led to further writing:

</doc>
<doc id="19610862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610862" title="Bob Lemieux">
Bob Lemieux

Robert "Bobby" Lemieux (born December 16, 1944) is a retired professional ice hockey defenceman who played 19 games for the Oakland Seals of the National Hockey League (NHL) in 1967–68. He was a First Team All-Star and was named the top defenceman of the International Hockey League in 1965–66 while playing with the Muskegon Zephyrs. He played three seasons with the Western Hockey League's Vancouver Canucks before retiring in 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="19610863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610863" title="George Blagdon Westcott">
George Blagdon Westcott

George Blagdon Westcott (fl. 24 April 1753 – 1 August 1798) was an officer of the Royal Navy. He served during the American Revolutionary and the French Revolutionary Wars, eventually rising to the rank of Captain. He was one of Vice-Admiral Horatio Nelson's Band of Brothers at the Battle of the Nile in 1798, in which battle he was killed.
Family and early life.
Westcott's year of birth is unknown, but appears to have been between 1752 and 1753, and was likely in 1753. He was the son of a baker in Honiton, Devon, and was baptised on 24 April 1753. He joined the Navy sometime between 1765 and 1768, and by 1768 he was serving as master's mate aboard the frigate . He spent five years aboard the "Solebay", rising to the rank of midshipman, and spending time under George Vandeput. He then moved aboard , where he spent the next three years under Samuel Barrington and John Leveson-Gower. He passed his lieutenant's examination on 10 January 1776 and received his promotion to that rank on 6 August 1777, moving aboard . Under her captain, Samuel Granston Goodall, the "Valiant" was present at the First Battle of Ushant on 27 July 1778, after which Westcott and the "Valiant" joined the fleet under Sir Charles Hardy in 1779. He was present with Vice-admiral George Darby's fleet when they relieved Gibraltar in April 1781.
In November that year Westcott moved aboard , then the flagship of Rear-admiral Richard Kempenfelt. He was then present at Kempenfelt's victory at the Second Battle of Ushant on 12 December 1781. Wescott returned to Gibraltar under Lord Howe, and was then in action again at the Battle of Cape Spartel in October 1782. He briefly served aboard , before becoming first lieutenant of between 1786 and 1787. The "Salisbury" was at that time the flagship of Commodore John Elliot.
Command.
On 1 December 1787 Westcott was promoted to commander and between 1789 and 1790 had command of the sloop . He was promoted to captain on 1 October 1790, and became flag captain aboard . When the "London" was paid off in late 1791, Westcott went onto half-pay until becoming Rear-admiral Benjamin Caldwell's flag captain aboard in September 1793. Westcott was then present at the Glorious First of June in 1794, afterwards following Caldwell aboard . He went to the West Indies, but returned with Sir John Laforey in June 1796. "Majestic" then joined the Channel Fleet, and was present at the Spithead Mutiny in April and May 1797. "Majestic" then joined John Jervis off Cadiz, where Westcott was ordered to take her to join Vice-admiral Nelson in the Mediterranean. Nelson was searching for the French fleet under Vice-Admiral François-Paul Brueys d'Aigalliers.
Death.
When Nelson located the French fleet at anchor at Aboukir Bay, he quickly ordered the British into the attack. The "Majestic" was towards the rear of the British line, and did not come into action until late in the battle. In the darkness and smoke she collided with the "Heureux" and became entangled in her rigging. Trapped for several minutes, the "Majestic" suffered heavy casualties. Westcott was hit by a musket ball in the throat and killed. The "Majestic"’s first lieutenant, Robert Cuthbert took over and continued the battle. Cuthbert was confirmed as acting captain by Nelson the day after the battle. 
Collingwood wrote of him: A good officer and a worthy man; but, if it was a part of our condition to choose a day to die on, where could he have found one so memorable, so eminently distinguished among great days?
Westcott was buried at sea. A monument to his memory was erected in St Paul's Cathedral, and another in the church in his birthplace at Honiton. In January 1801, Nelson was passing through Honiton, on his way to take up a new command at Plymouth. Nelson invited his nearest surviving family to breakfast, and presented Mrs. Westcott with his own Nile medal, saying, "You will not value it less because Nelson has worn it." On 17 January 1801 he wrote to Lady Hamilton: At Honiton I visited Captain Westcott's mother — poor thing, except from the bounty of government and Lloyd's, in very low circumstances. The brother is a tailor, but had they been chimney-sweepers it was my duty to show them respect.
Notes.
a. Some confusion exists. The Oxford Dictionary of National Biography suggests he was born around 1745, but Westcott's memorial in St Paul's Cathedral describes him as 46 at the time of his death in 1798, and parish records from Honiton indicate that he was baptised on 24 April 1753.
b. Laughton's biography implies an entry date of 1768, whilst Westcott's memorial states he had been serving in the navy for 33 years at his death.

</doc>
<doc id="19610868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610868" title="Philip Jones (civil servant)">
Philip Jones (civil servant)

Sir (Thomas) Philip Jones CB (13 July 1931 – 19 July 2000) was a Welsh businessman and civil servant. After a career in the civil service, he was chairman of Total Oil Marine from 1990 to 1998 and Total Oil Holdings from 1991 to 1998. He was also the chairman of the Higher Education Funding Council for Wales from 1996 to 2000.
Jones was educated at Cowbridge Grammar School and Jesus College, Oxford – the college appointed him to an Honorary Fellowship in 1990. After serving as a 2nd Lieutenant in the Royal Artillery from 1953 to 1955, he joined the Civil Service in 1955, as Assistant Principal in the Ministry of Supply. He also worked in the Ministry of Aviation, the Treasury and the Department of Trade and Industry, becoming Under-secretary in the DTI in 1974 and serving as Deputy Secretary at the Department of Energy between 1976 and 1983. He was a member of the British National Oil Corporation from 1980 to 1982 and of the British Overseas Trade Board from 1985 to 1988. He was chairman of the Electricity Council from 1983 to 1990. He was appointed a Companion of the Order of the Bath in 1978 and knighted in 1986. He was chairman of Total Oil Marine from 1990 to 1998 and of Total Oil Holdings from 1991 to 1998. He was chairman of the Higher Education Funding Council for Wales from 1996 until his death. He was a governor of Henley Management College from 1986 onwards. He was appointed a Freeman of the City of London in 1986, a Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts in 1987 and a Commander of the Order of the Lion of Finland in 1997. He died on 19 July 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="19610875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610875" title="Passion's Promise">
Passion's Promise

"Passion's Promise is a 1977 novel by Danielle Steel also published under the title Golden Moments".
Synopsis.
Kezia Saint Martin is a glamourous, jetsetting socialite with a secret identity as a crusading social justice journalist. She is increasingly torn between the two worlds and questions her own identity. These questions are brought to a head when she falls in love with a fellow crusader named Lucas John.

</doc>
<doc id="19610889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610889" title="Michel Lang">
Michel Lang

Michel Lang (born June 9, 1939) is a French film and television director, best remembered for his comedy films in the late 1970s and 1980s. Since 1990 he has directed predominantly for French television.

</doc>
<doc id="19610917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610917" title="Aleksandr Kokorin">
Aleksandr Kokorin

Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Kokorin (; born 19 March 1991) is a Russian footballer currently playing for Dynamo Moscow. Kokorin along with Alan Dzagoev is said to be the future of Russian football and he has become a great talent during his time with Dynamo Moscow with the 2012–2013 being his breakthrough season and Dynamo Moscow inserting a €19 million release clause.
Club career.
Dynamo.
He made his debut for the senior FC Dynamo Moscow team on 4 October 2008 – Dynamo was decimated by injuries and was losing to FC Saturn Moscow Oblast 0:1 at the halftime when Kokorin came on as a substitute. With 18 minutes to go Kokorin scored an equalizer (Dynamo went on to win 2:1). He became the youngest player to score a goal for Dynamo in the Russian Premier League (17 years 199 days). He scored a winning goal in a 1:0 victory over FC Lokomotiv Moscow in his second game as a starter on 3 November 2008.
On 29 July 2009, he scored the winning goal in a 1–0 win against Celtic F.C. in the first leg of their third qualifying round tie in the UEFA Champions League in Glasgow.
At the end of the 2012/13 season he entered the Top 33 players list as the No. 1 Left Striker.
Anzhi.
On 4 July 2013 Kokorin agreed personal terms with Anzhi Makhachkala after the club had triggered his €19 million release clause.
Return to Dynamo.
On 6 August 2013, following restructuring of Anzhi at business level, the whole squad was put up for sale, including new signing Kokorin. On 7 August 2013, Yuri Zhirkov, Igor Denisov and Kokorin were all transferred to Dynamo for an undisclosed fee.
International career.
Kokorin was a part of the Russia U-21 side that was competing in the 2011 European Under-21 Championship qualification. Kokorin was called up to the Russia national football team for a friendly against Greece in November 2011 and made his national team debut in that game. He played two games at UEFA Euro 2012 as Russia failed to pass the group stages.
He scored his first national team goal on 11 September 2012 in a 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifier against Israel.

</doc>
<doc id="19610951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610951" title="Bishop of Marlborough">
Bishop of Marlborough

The Bishop of Marlborough was an episcopal title used by a Church of England suffragan bishop, firstly in the 16th century for the Diocese of Salisbury, and secondly in the late 19th and early 20th century for the Diocese of London.
The title takes its name after the town of Marlborough, Wiltshire and was first created under the Suffragan Bishops Act 1534. After the 1560s, the title fell into abeyance until it was revived in 1888, at the suggestion of the then Bishop of London, to assist in the running of the rapidly expanding Diocese of London.

</doc>
<doc id="19610952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610952" title="Arthur Howe Holdsworth">
Arthur Howe Holdsworth

Arthur Howe Holdsworth (1780–1860) was a Devon merchant named Governor of Dartmouth Castle, a position held by his father Arthur from 1760 to 1777, in 1809. He was elected member of Parliament for Dartmouth in 1802, holding the seat until December 1819, when he vacated it in favour of Charles Milner Ricketts, a cousin of Lord Liverpool. He returned to the seat in 1829, but was defeated by John Seale in 1832, after the Reform Act partially disenfranchised the constituency.
Holdsworth was from a Devon mercantile and trading family and resided at Widdecombe House and Mount Galpin in Dartmouth located near Kingsbridge within the Stokenham Priory estate, owned by the Holdsworth family for many years. He served as the last Governor of Dartmouth.
Holdsworth was a well-known politician in Devonshire, his father Arthur having been a prominent shipowner, merchant and member of Parliament. The son, Arthur Howe Holdsworth Holdsworth, was an active businessman with interests in shipping and an inventor with many patents to his name, most relating to shipbuilding and boats. He was a shareholder in the Bristol and Exeter Railway and was a prime force behind Devon's expansive shipping interests.
The Holdsworth family's roots lay in Yorkshire, and a vicar ancestor moved to Devon in 1620. The vicar's son Arthur entered trade and, aided by the Champernowne family, began a lucrative trade with Newfoundland. By 1672 he was mayor of Dartmouth and an imposing figure on the local business scene. In the following two centuries the Holdsworth family came to dominate the mercantile and cultural life of Dartmouth. They were leaders in the trade with Newfoundland and with Portugal, where they owned estates. Their interests extended into trade with the Baltic, the West Indies and America.
"The family continued to prosper," according to David K. Brown in his book "The Way of the Ship in the Midst of the Sea", "helped in 1725 by the award of 'The Waters of the Dart' from the Duchy of Cornwall in 1725 which entitled them to levy tolls on all goods landed between Salcombe and Torbay, a rich perquisite which lasted until 1860. The Holdsworths and their relations held most of the important posts in and around Dartmouth: Freemen, Mayors, Governor of the Castle since 1725, Rector of Stokenham and Brixham, etc. The family home was Widdicombe House, near Torcross, built in 1785 and enlarged in 1820. They also owned Brooke Hall, Dartmouth."
At his death in 1860, Holdsworth left an enormous estate. Following Holdsworth's stinging defeat for his Parliamentary seat in 1832 by Sir John Henry Seale, 1st Baronet, whose family had challenged the Holdsworth family's hold on the Corporation, all the Holdsworth family members left Dartmouth. The acrimony between the Holdsworths and their Seale family adversaries even forced the move of the 1839 marriage between Holdsworth's daughter Catherine Henrietta Elizabeth Holdsworth and civil engineer William Froude from Dartmouth, where the Holdsworths had long worshipped, to the Brixham parish church instead. 
Arthur Howe Holdsworth was married to the former Henrietta Eastabrook. His middle name was a tribute to the British Admiral Richard Howe, 1st Earl Howe, a family friend who served as one of two members of Parliament from Dartmouth from 1757 to 1782, overlapping the service in Parliament of Arthur Howe (1780–1786). The Holdsworth family later intermarried with other prominent West Country families, including the St. Aubyns of St. Michael's Mount, Cornwall, the Bastard family of Devon (whose members Edmund Bastard, Edmund Pollexfen Bastard and John Bastard sat with him for Dartmouth) and others.
Arthur Howe's Holdsworth's eldest son Arthur Bastard Eastabrook Holdsworth lived at Widdicombe House after the death of his father. Arthur Bastard Eastbrook Holdsworth's daughter Alice Mary married Edmund St. Aubyn at Dartmouth, Devon, in 1847; his daughter Georgina married in 1868 at Stokenham, Devon, Thomas Levett-Prinsep, eldest son of Thomas Levett-Prinsep JP of Croxall Hall, Derbyshire. They had one son.

</doc>
<doc id="19610961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610961" title="Regional railroad">
Regional railroad

In the United States, a regional railroad is a railroad company that is not Class I, but still has a substantial amount of traffic or trackage (and is thus not a short line). The Association of American Railroads (AAR) has defined the lower bound as of track or $40 million in annual operating revenue. (The Class I threshold is $250 million, adjusted for inflation since 1991.)
List of regional railroads.
The following railroads were classified as regional by the AAR in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19610978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610978" title="Black Thursday (film)">
Black Thursday (film)

Black Thursday () is a French film from 1974 directed by Michel Mitrani. It was entered into the 24th Berlin International Film Festival.
Synopsis.
On 16 July 1942, in Paris. A young student, Paul, tries to save some of the Jews being rounded up by Nazis to ship off to concentration camps. 

</doc>
<doc id="19610998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19610998" title="Table knife">
Table knife

A table knife is an item of cutlery, part of a table setting. Table knives are typically of moderate sharpness only, designed to cut only prepared and cooked food. They are usually made of stainless steel and may be ornate, often having handles of bone, wood or (less commonly now) ivory. 
The distinguishing feature of a table knife is a blunt or rounded end. The origin of this, and thus of the table knife itself, is attributed by tradition to Cardinal Richelieu around 1637, reputedly to cure dinner guests of the unsavoury habit of picking their teeth with their knife-points.
Later, in 1669, King Louis XIV of France banned pointed knives in the street and at his table,
insisting on blunt tips, in order to reduce violence.
In any table setting, the knife will typically be the piece to bear the maker's stamp, on the blade. The English city of Sheffield is noted for its cutlery manufactury and many knives bear the city's name in addition to the maker's.
Most table knives require a fork to stabilise foods during cutting. Rocker knives, however, do not. 

</doc>
<doc id="19611018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19611018" title="The Contender 4">
The Contender 4

The Contender 4 was a reality television show based on the sport of boxing, but with an added element of insight into the competitors' lives and relationships with each other within the show's living quarters. The fourth season of the show was recorded in Singapore (with the exception of the live finale), and premiered on Versus on December 3, 2008. The show was on its third network, with the first season being broadcast on NBC, with the following second and third seasons being shown on ESPN.
Contestants.
The following 16 fighters, hailing from around the globe, were selected to take part in the fourth Contender Tournament which took place in the cruiserweight division.
"Records entering tournament in parentheses (W-L-D)"
Fight results.
Episode 1 
Episode 2
Episode 3
Episode 4
Episode 5
Episode 6
Episode 7
Episode 8
Episode 9
Episode 10
Episode 11
Live finale at the MGM Foxwoods Casino in Connecticut 

</doc>
<doc id="19611027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19611027" title="Georgi Partsalev">
Georgi Partsalev

Georgi Ivanov Partsalev (; 16 June 1925 – 31 October 1989) was a Bulgarian theatre and film actor mainly known for his roles in comedies.
Born in Levski, Pleven Province in 1925, Partsalev finished high school in Pleven and studied medicine from Sofia University. In 1956, he was employed by the Satirical Theatre in Sofia. His first film role came in 1958 with "Lyubimets 13". Related to the variety and satire concerts of the 1950s and 1960s, he gradually became a legend of Bulgarian comedy with his appearances in "The Tied Up Balloon" (1967), "Whale" (1970), "Petimata ot Mobi Dik" (1970), "Three Reservists" (1971), "With Children at the Seaside" (1972), "Indian Summer" (1973), "Bashta mi boyadzhiyata" (1974), "The Phoney Civilization" (1974), "Farsighted for Two Diopters" (1976), "13-ata godenitsa na printsa" (1987), etc.
Partsalev died in 1989 in Sofia, at an age of 64. He never married or had any children.
The community centre ("chitalishte") and a street in his hometown have been named after Partsalev.

</doc>
<doc id="19611065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19611065" title="Franz Dölger">
Franz Dölger

Franz Dölger (Kleinwallstadt, 4 October 1891 – Munich, 5 November 1968) was a German Byzantinist. He is most notable for his crucial contributions to Byzantine diplomatics, and as the chief editor of the journal "Byzantinische Zeitschrift" from 1931 to 1963. A member of the Bavarian Academy of Sciences and Humanities, he received honorary doctorates from the universities of Athens, Thessaloniki and Sofia. In 1962, he was awarded the Order "Pour le Mérite".

</doc>
<doc id="19611071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19611071" title="Holiday Hotel">
Holiday Hotel

Holiday Hotel (French title:"L'Hôtel de la plage") is a 1978 French comedy film directed and written by Michel Lang. The film stars Sophie Barjac and Myriam Boyer on a summer holiday in Brittany.

</doc>
<doc id="19611129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19611129" title="Sleepy People">
Sleepy People

Sleepy People (later renamed Blue Apple Boy) was a British psychedelic rock band known for eccentric, energetic songs and live performances, as well as for incubating three of the five future members of short-lived (but briefly famous) Britpop band, Ultrasound. 
Sleepy People should not be confused with The Sleepy People (a New Wave indie rock band from Oregon) or Sleeping People (a Californian progressive rock band. 
Sound.
In both incarnations, the band featured an eclectic sound blending psychedelic rock, New Wave pop, punk, and progressive rock. Other ingredients have included noise-rock, nursery rhymes, ska, Muzak, bossa nova, circus/fairground music, tango and anything which the band members found inspiring. The band was strongly influenced by the theatrical British psychedelic band Cardiacs and shared much of their sound, with other cited influences including The Monochrome Set. The band’s lyrics varied from cheerful or sinister nonsense to surreal representations of everyday life and hallucinatory twists on eccentric stories from tabloid newspapers.
Sleepy People band history.
Early years.
The band's roots were in a short-lived previous band called Pop Kid, led by guitarist/songwriter/backing vocalist Paul Hope. Sleepy People subsequently formed around a line-up of Hope, his wife Rachel Theresa (Hope) (flute, backing vocals), Tiny Wood (lead vocals), Richard Green (bass), Kerry Harrison (drums) and Liz Wardby (keyboards). The band established itself in a run-down house in Jesmond, Newcastle, which the members called "Sleepy Hall".) It began making itself a fixture on the small venues of the British live circuit, gaining attention via a bizarre stage act featuring eccentric costumes, make-up and haircuts plus music-hall-style comedy (in the manner of Split Enz and Cardiacs). Tiny Wood also made the most of his imposing stage presence and considerable bulk, dressing up in a variety of costumes (including one resembling a Chinese mandarin). Early supporters of the band included the "Organ" fanzine.
Though tuneful, Sleepy People's music was complicated, demanding and often considered noncommercial, winning over some audiences and confusing others. Paul Hope has commented, "The songs... were all part of a stage show that was designed to provoke a response on the soporific and conservative pub circuit up and down the country, and at that we excelled!" The band was also characterised by a frequent turnover of personnel. Between 1992 and 1995, Pete Haslam replaced Liz Wardby on keyboards, and Andy Peace replaced Kerry Harrison on drums (he himself was subsequently replaced by former Dead Flowers drummer Graeme Swaddle). 
"Blunt Nails In A Sharp Wall" and departures to Ultrasound.
In 1994, the band issued their first album "Blunt Nails In A Sharp Wall" on self-released cassette. The songs – based on a broad template of tightly-played psychedelic pop – were eccentric and sometimes absurdist, with ingredients veering from disco ("Sordid Sentimental") to full-on progressive rock ("Rare Bird At The Window"). The album was re-released on CD by Org Records in 1999.
A major line-up change followed in 1995 when Wood, Green and Haslam all amicably left Sleepy People in order to move to London and set up a new band with Andy Peace. Initially called Pop-A-Cat-A-Petal, this band (now minus Haslam, and adding Vanessa Best and Matt Jones), cut down on their early progressive rock instincts and eventually became the more glamorous Ultrasound.
To replace the departed members, Paul Hope and Rachel Theresa Hope recruited singer Phil "Earl Slick" Sears (who would become godfather to their newborn baby girl Dorothy Pippin Hope), bass player Bill Bailey and keyboard player Danny Orange. "Home Is Where Your Telly Is/Hanghar" (a self-released double A-side single featuring the new lineup), kept up the momentum. Orange and Bailey both left in 1997, to be respectively replaced by Anna Blaydon (also known as "Anna Tanglewood") and Gary "Spangles" Bowden.
"Typhoid and Swans", "Paint a Ceiling On the Sky" and "All Systems Fail".
In 1997, the band recorded their second album "Typhoid and Swans" (released on Edgy Records). The band's songs were now less eccentric than previously, with Hope favouring more direct lyrics and making use of Sear's rich quasi-operatic voice (although signs of the band’s more theatrical past remained in the shape of the lengthy "Everything You Know Is Wrong"). Former Gong violinist Graham Clark made a guest appearance on the album. Several songs from this period were recorded for a live-in-the-studio mini-album called "Paint a Ceiling On the Sky", which was released on cassette.
Further line-up changes followed in 1998. Phil Sears left the band to try his own luck in London (and, later, Australia). Gary Bowden also left, following clashes with Hope. They were replaced by bass player Mark Greenwood and teenage singer Lee Haley. This lineup of Sleepy People recorded the 1998 cassette single "All Systems Fail/Every Wave Is Higher On The Beach". Haley was a lighter singer than Sears, and brought an air of cool insouciance to the band, which by now had jettisoned most of the make-up, costumes, and theatrics in favour of letting the music work by itself. At this point, Ultrasound were rising stars on the Britpop scene: Paul Hope remained friendly with the former Sleepy People members in Ultrasound's line-up, and cheerfully exploited the connection between the two bands.
Lee Haley’s time with the band was brief, and he left in 1999 to form a more straightforward band called The Embassy. Phil Sears obliged the band by filling in for several gigs, but was unable to make a long-term commitment. Haley's eventual replacement as singer was Mark Dunphy (the brother of Cud guitarist Mike Dunphy), whose more flamboyant style returned the band to their previous sound.
Blue Apple Boy band history.
Fresh start and early singles.
In 2000, in search of a fresh start, Sleepy People changed their name to Blue Apple Boy (a name apparently based on Masonic imagery). The band’s initial line-up was identical to the final Sleepy People line-up – Mark Dunphy (lead vocals), Paul Hope (guitar, backing vocals), Rachel Theresa (flute, backing vocals), Graeme Swaddle (drums), Anna Blaydon (keyboards), and bass player Tom Evans (who'd replaced Mark Greenwood). 
Initially, the name change led to a new lease of life for the band. The band recorded a new double A-side single – ("Who’s That Calling?/Sunshine Valley Paradise Club" – which was released as a one-off arrangement with cult Oxford indie label Shifty Disco. Both songs were inspired by bizarre true-life newspaper stories: a tale of a man falling off a bridge while conversing on his cellphone, and one of unpleasant goings on in a retirement home. Former Sleepy People/Ultrasound member Richard Green (by now leading his own Leeds-based band, The Somatics) added noise-guitar to "Sunshine Valley Paradise Club". The single attracted attention from the national music press, leading to an appearance in Melody Maker. Blue Apple Boy followed up with a more sinister single called "Freak" (released on the band’s own Bad Apple Records) which dealt with vigilante/mob violence and was inspired by the then-current paedophile panic in the UK (during which several innocent people had been harmed by mobs on the suspicion of being paedophiles). However, "Freak" did not gain the same level of attention as its predecessor, which added to the band's continuing instability. In 2001, Dunphy was asked to leave the band after falling out with Hope, and Evans and Blaydon also left.
Return of Tiny Wood, and "Salient" album.
Once again, Hope restructured the band, re-recruiting Bill Bailey as bass guitarist and bringing in Vietgrove synthesizer player Norman Fay to cover keyboard parts: however, this time the band opted not to bring in a full-time keyboard player. Instead, Rachel Theresa took over the keyboard playing role, adding Moog synthesizer work to her flute-playing and singing duties. At around the same time, Paul Hope renewed his musical relationship with Tiny Wood (who had returned to Newcastle after the collapse of Ultrasound to form his new band, Siren). Wood agreed to join Blue Apple Boy as singer. Revitalised, the band set about assembling the debut Blue Apple Boy album. Wood re-recorded vocals for earlier songs (including some late Sleepy People ones), rewrote others and worked on new material with Hope.
Credited to "Blue Apple Boy featuring Tiny Wood", the "Salient" album was released on the Soma Sound label in 2002. It showed a further strengthening of the band's songwriting skills, including "Jump Start" (a rewrite of "Freak" with new Wood lyrics) and "Cold War" (another Wood co-write which was apparently a sequel to the Ultrasound anthem "Stay Young"). Although Wood sang on most tracks, the band was now pursuing a more flexible approach to vocals: Rachel Theresa sang lead vocals on "Leave The Mud For The Worms" and the bossa-nova song "The Moon Is Hungry" (influenced by G. I. Gurdjieff) and the Hopes' eldest child Dorothy Pippin "Dolly" featured on "Apples And Pears".
After Blue Apple Boy.
Blue Apple Boy effectively split up in 2003, although the end of the band was never formally announced. From 2003 onward, Paul and Rachel Hope concentrated mainly on running The Sky Apple Cafe, their vegetarian restaurant in Newcastle. Both Hopes became chefs and managers, with Tiny Wood also involved. The various core band members retained their friendships (although the stress of running the restaurant would eventually end the Hopes' marriage). Tiny Wood would continue, on and off, with Siren and would join the reformed Ultrasound in 2010.
The River Valley Giants.
In March 2009, Paul Hope returned to musical work, forming a new trio called The River Valley Giants (with Julie Carpenter and Beresford Francis Delany) Featuring Dorothy Pippin on vocals. They have described their music as containing elements of post-punk, progressive rock and film soundtrack music. Tracks recorded so far have included a reworking of the Sleepy People song "Halfway World".

</doc>
<doc id="19611136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19611136" title="John Ernley">
John Ernley

Sir John Ernley (or Ernle) (1464 – 22 April 1520) was a British justice. He was educated at one of the Inns of Chancery from 1478 to 1480 before being admitted to Gray's Inn. By 1490 he was a particularly conspicuous member of the "Sussex circle" gathered around Edmund Dudley. In his home county of Sussex he maintained a substantial legal practice, serving as feoffee, arbitrator, justice and commissioner, and joining the home assize circuit in 1496 and 1497 as an associate, followed by a position on the county bench in 1498. In the 16th century, he acted as a feoffee for Edmund Dudley, and was appointed Attorney General for England and Wales on 12 July 1507 as a result of his influence with Dudley and, as an extension, Henry VII. He was reappointed when Henry VIII came to power and under him became an important figure in the court. After Sir Robert Rede died in 1519, Ernley was selected to replace him, and was appointed on 27 January of that year. He served for barely a year, dying on 22 April 1520, and was buried in Sidlesham, near Chichester. He left a son and heir, William Erneley, who also served as a Member of Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="19611145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19611145" title="Aleksandr Familtsev">
Aleksandr Familtsev

Aleksandr Mikhailovich Familtsev (; born 3 August 1975 in Pavlodar) is a Kazakhstani football coach and a former player. He also has Russian citizenship. Currently, he is a manager of FC Tom Tomsk Reserves.
Familtsev made 34 appearances for the Kazakhstan national football team, scoring one goal.

</doc>
<doc id="19611166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19611166" title="Winnipeg Route 105">
Winnipeg Route 105

Route 105 is a major east-west arterial route in the city of Winnipeg. It runs through the suburbs of Fort Rouge, River Heights, Tuxedo, and Charleswood. It is the eastern extension of Manitoba Provincial Road 241, which runs westward to the communities of Headingley and Lido Plage. Within the city boundaries it connects the residential and light industrial areas west-southwest of downtown with the Pembina Highway and downtown.
The route begins at the Pembina Highway and runs westward as Grant Avenue through Fort Rouge, River Heights, and Tuxedo, then passes through the Assiniboine Forest while multiplexed with Route 96. It then becomes Roblin Boulevard, passing through central and west Charleswood before meeting the city limits at the Perimeter Highway. The road continues both as Roblin Boulevard and as Manitoba Provincial Road 241 until it reaches the unincorporated community of Lido Plage, at which point it joins Provincial Road 424.
Grant Avenue was named for Cuthbert James Grant, an early European settler and the Sheriff of Assiniboia in 1839. Roblin Boulevard is named for Sir Rodmond Palen Roblin, Premier of Manitoba from 1900 to 1915.

</doc>
<doc id="19611169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19611169" title="Rostov Metro">
Rostov Metro

Rostov Metro () is a planned rapid transit system in Rostov-on-Don, Russia. As of October 2008, the city authorities are redesigning the historical proposal (created in the 1980s) at the request of the federal government. Construction may begin in 2011 if the federal government approves financing of the project.
History.
Plans for creating a Rostov metro go back to the 1970s and 1980s. A publicised 1991 map of a system provided a single 14 kilometre line with 10 stations, running parallel to the northern bank of the Don River and reaching Rostov-on-Don Airport; far future plans provided for a three line system.
The plans were revived in November 2007 when the Rostov Metro reappeared in the development program for rapid transit approved by the Ministry of Transport. The program required Rostov authorities to redraft the old proposal, taking account of past and projected development in and around the city, so that construction "could" resume in 2011. No other commitments were ever made. In April 2008, the Rostov city hall announced an upcoming feasibility study that would supersede the old studies conducted in previous decades. 
In January 2008, the deputy mayor of Rostov estimated construction costs at 1 billion roubles (42 million US dollars) per kilometer; the total project cost, including land and supporting infrastructure, would cost three times more.
In September 2008, the mayor of Rostov formed a city commission for metro construction. The deputy mayor announced that in November 2008 – February 2009 the city would select design and engineering contractors; the preliminary design stage for the metro would last into 2011. In 2011 the city hall expects to have sound cost estimates for initiating a federal funds appropriation. City officials expect the first stretch of the Rostov metro to be operational in thirteen to fourteen years, assuming "normal" financing from the federal budget.

</doc>
<doc id="19611224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19611224" title="Centrostephanus coronatus">
Centrostephanus coronatus

Centrostephanus coronatus, as known as Crowned Sea Urchin, is a sea urchin in the family Diadematidae. It lives in holes and crevices is shallow rocky waters. Individuals forage within of their shelters, to which they return at night .

</doc>
<doc id="19611277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19611277" title="2008 If Stockholm Open – Doubles">
2008 If Stockholm Open – Doubles

Jonas Björkman and Max Mirnyi were the defending champions, but Mirnyi chose not to participate, and only Bjorkman competed that year.
Bjorkman partnered with Kevin Ullyett, and won in the final 6–1, 6–3, against Johan Brunström and Michael Ryderstedt.

</doc>
<doc id="19611287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19611287" title="Surajpura">
Surajpura

Surajpura is a village situated in Rohtas district of Bihar and is about 9 kilometers from Bikramganj.

</doc>
<doc id="19611299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19611299" title="Amir Hashemi">
Amir Hashemi

Amir Hashemi-Moghaddam (born 3 June 1966) is a former Iranian football player. He resides in Beuningen, Netherlands.
Hashemi finished his academic Football Trainer Schooling by KNVB (Royal Dutch Football Federation). 
He is an 'UEFA "A" license trainer coach.
He is studying now football teacher/instructor education by KNVB (Royal Dutch Football Federation) to become a FIFA Football Instructor/Teacher.
Hashemi played 14 times for the Iran national football team against Poland, Russia, Angola, Japan, S. Korea, Qatar, Tailand and some other teams.
He won many National League Competitions with Esteghlal FC (Taj). 

</doc>
<doc id="19611307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19611307" title="B. D. Benedikt">
B. D. Benedikt

Bozidar Damjanovic Benedikt (Serbian: Божидар Дамјановић Бенедикт) is a Canadian writer and film maker born on April 7, 1938., in the small Croatian town of Vinica. Bozidar is an author of 36 books published in Croatian, Serbian, Polish, Macedonian and English. He also worked for the Yugoslav, German, Canadian, and Hollywood film industry as a Screenwriter, Director and Art Director. Benedikt is a graduate of two U. S. universities with a Masters Degree in Film and Television Design and Ph. D. in Management of Literature and Dramatic Arts. He is a full member of Director’s Guild of Canada, and the Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television. Bozidar Benedikt currently lives with his family in Toronto, Canada.
Books.
"“Parallel World”" (Paralelni Svet)
"“Story of Karma”" (Priča o Karmi)
"“Fifth Life”" (Peti Život)
"“Soul Traders”" (Trgovci Dušama)
"“The Projectionist”" (Operator)
"“Millennium”" (Milenium)
"“The Nobleman”" (Plemić)
"“The King’s Man”" (Kraljev Čovek)
"“Seven Days to Apocalypse”" (Sedam Dana do Apokalipse)
"“Inquisitor”" (Inkvizitor)
"“Lion’s Den”" (Lavlja Jazbina)
"“Phantom of Palermo”" (Fantom iz Palerma)
Pocket Books.
"“The Pills”" (Pilule)
"“Zorium Planet of Women”" (Zorijum, Planeta Žena)
"“The Vengeance is Mine”" (Osveta je Moja)
"“Princess and The Hunchback”" (Princeza i Grbavac)
"“Virgin World”" (Devičanski Svet)
"“White Indian”" (Beli Indijanac)
"“Interpol”" (Interpol)
"“Federal Sheriff”" (Federalni Šerif)
Movies.
Benedik has written and directed five Canadian feature films. In 1986., a thriller "Beyond The Seventh Door" was made, a drama "Brooklyn Nights" followed in 1987., and "Graveyard Story", a mystery thriller, was filmed in 1991. His latest filmed project is drama "Vanessa". In pre-production is "Quick Justice". Benedikt’s movie scripts are all based on his best-selling books. His films are extremely plotfull and entertaining, and all of them have been successfully distributed world wide.

</doc>
<doc id="19611311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19611311" title="Sam Richter">
Sam Richter

Sam Richter is author of the best-selling book "Take the Cold Out of Cold Calling" about Sales Intelligence and finding information online and using it for business and sales success. The book, along with its corresponding "Know More! Center" and "Know More! Toolbar," has been featured in internationally syndicated columns and best-selling books by Harvey Mackay, on CNN, in BusinessWeek, and in other publications. In 2012, the book's 9th Edition was named Sales Book of the Year by the 1,500 member companies of the American Association of Inside Sales Professionals, and it was also named a USA Book News Winner, and a Sales Book Awards Silver Medalist. 
Richter is creator/founder of the Know More! sales training and business improvement program and he delivers motivational keynote and workshop presentations on a variety of technology, sales, and marketing topics. He is most known for his innovative and breakthrough uses of social media including LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook, and others combined with search engines like Google and Web-based resources as intelligence gathering and reputation management tools. He is also co-founder of the Social Selling Institute, an organization that performs in-person and online training and social sales certification.
He is currently SVP/Chief Marketing Officer at ActiFi, a software and solutions firm for the financial services industry. In 2013, 2012, and 2011, he was named by Inside View as one of the Top 25 Most Influential People in Sales and in September 2011, as Sales Insider of the Month. He serves on the Boards of Directors/Advisers for technology companies Tracky.com (a Twitter-based project management system), Brandpoint (an online content creation/distribution company), and Argos Risk (a business financial risk insight company).
History.
Richter holds an advanced degree Certification in Executive Leadership from the University of St. Thomas and Boards of Director Certification from the University of St. Mary's/Caux Roundtable. He graduated from the University of Minnesota with a degree in journalism. He was a two-time Scholastic All-American while also a four-year player and letter winner on the University of Minnesota varsity football team.
As an advertising writer and creative director, Richter worked at numerous Twin Cities advertising agencies and eventually started his own firm which was later bought by a larger agency. Richter then spent a number of years as a Group Director at Weber Shandwick, one of the world's largest public relations firms. At Shandwick, Richter managed national marketing programs for Microsoft, Coca-Cola, Northwest Airlines (now Delta airlines), Polaris, and other large and small companies. Following Shandwick, Richter worked at Digital River where he helped develop and market a Codie-Award Winning software download program called eBot, and where he helped build the company's e-marketing agency serving clients including National Geographic, Major League Baseball, Nabisco, Brunswick, and other national brands. Richter's marketing work has been recognized with numerous awards including Webby awards, Telly Awards, Public Relations Society of America awards, a Gold Award at the International Film Festival, and numerous other marketing/advertising awards.
Following Digital River, for seven years, Richter was president of the James J. Hill Reference Library in St. Paul, Minnesota. 
Richter is a graduate of St. Louis Park High School in Minnesota. He is a founding and current judge of the Minnesota Cup Business Plan Competition. Richter was also an invited dignitary on the Minnesota Governor's trade mission to China. He was honored by the Business Journal as a top business leader under the age of 40 and he is a past finalist for Inc. Magazine Entrepreneur of the Year.

</doc>
