<doc id="19657500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19657500" title="Aggflow">
Aggflow

AggFlow is a software application that calculates and analyzes aggregate plant data. AggFlow is intended to be used by aggregate engineers to calculate both the Mass Aggregate Balance and the Mass Water Balance flowing through a rock crushing plant to optimize and maximize production of desired products.
Overview.
AggFlow is a software application that calculates and analyzes aggregate plant data. AggFlow is intended to be used by aggregate engineers to calculate both the Mass Aggregate Balance and the Mass Water Balance flowing through a rock crushing plant to optimize and maximize production of desired products.
AggFlow is developed and distributed by BedRock Software, Inc. (BedRock. Designed to reduce the calculation time aggregate engineers need to optimize quarry operations and to establish a benchmark by which future changes and results can be compared. The program seeks to improve two main aspects of aggregate operations: identify inefficiencies in the operation and track resources such as emissions that are regulated, fuel consumption and equipment operating capacity. AggFlow is also used in mining operations and other applications (i.e. water processing) where extensive mass balance calculations are required.
Equipment categories in AggFlow.
Washing equipment.
Source: AggFlow Equipment List
Operating platform.
AggFlow runs exclusively on Microsoft Windows operating systems. However Linux/Unix and Macintosh Mac OS X based computers can operate the program using a virtual machine capable both of running Windows and passing the license information from the USB dongle to the "Guest" operating system.

</doc>
<doc id="19657535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19657535" title="Bruce Metcalf">
Bruce Metcalf

Bruce Metcalf (born September 30, 1949 Amherst, Massachusetts) is an American artist who uses different materials like wood, metal, and plexiglass.
With these materials he uses diverse techniques for the jewelry, sculptures, and wall reliefs that he creates. Many of these works are whimsical yet restrained works that comment on the human condition.
Education.
He received his B.F.A. in Crafts/Metalsmithing in 1972 at Syracuse University. He also majored in Architecture at Syracuse from 1968-1970. From 1972-73 he attended Montana State University and from 1973-74 attended SUNY College at New Paltz. In 1977 he received his M.F.A. in Metalsmithing and Jewelry at Tyler School of Art at Temple University.
Artist statement.
"These necklaces and brooches represent a recent departure. They are neither narrative nor conceptual jewelry. Instead, I want to make jewelry that is decorative and comfortably wearable. Beyond that, I want these articles to become the center of attention when they are worn, and thus to make their wearers feel exceptional".

</doc>
<doc id="19657541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19657541" title="SS William B. Davock">
SS William B. Davock

The SS "William B. Davock" was a lake freighter that was constructed in 1907 by Great Lakes Engineering Works, at their St. Clair, MI facility for the Vulcan Steamship Co. (R.H. Pigott, Mgr.). She was operated by Vulcan Steamship from 1907 to 1915 in The Great Lakes coal, iron ore, grain and stone trades. In 1915 the ship came under the management of The Interlake Steamship Co. (Pickands Mather & Co., Mgrs.). While laid up for the winter (1922-23) in Fairport, Ohio, she was reconstructed and updated, this work lead to a tonnage change in the amount of 4220 gross - 2671 net. The Davock resumed its traditional trade pattern of coal carried to upper lakes ports from Lake Erie and iron ore from Lake Superior ports to the steel mills of Lake Erie and Lake Michigan. 
This routine was permanently disrupted on November 11, 1940 as a ferocious storm swept the lakes late on that Monday afternoon. Considered to be the worst storm to that point on Lake Michigan it saw 75 mph winds and rain turning to snow. Several vessels transiting Lake Michigan were caught with little warning. The Davock making her way down the lake with coal for Chicago was presumably overwhelmed at the height of the storm succumbing to the intense wind and waves, and slipping to her final resting place ~200 feet below the surface five miles out from Little Sable Point between Ludington, Michigan and Pentwater, Michigan. None of the 32 (some sources cite 33) hands survived. In total the storm took two vessels and their entire crews (Davock, and Kinsman Steamer Anna C. Minch). Several other vessels were damaged, or ran aground trying to escape the storm's fury. Overall estimates state 59 sailors were lost in what would be the worst maritime disaster on the Great Lakes since the Great Storm of 1913.
The "Davock" today.
The sunken hull of the "Davock" was discovered in May 1972, capsized in over 200 feet (60m) of water, off Little Sable Point Light, not far from the wreck of the SS Anna C. Minch, which went down in the same storm. The light is located south of Pentwater, Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="19657552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19657552" title="Xanthonychidae">
Xanthonychidae

Xanthonychidae is a family of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Helicoidea.
This family is within the clade Eupulmonata (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
Subfamilies.
The family Xanthonychidae consists of the following subfamilies (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005):
Genera.
Genera in the family Xanthonychidae include:
subfamily Xanthonychinae
subfamily ?

</doc>
<doc id="19657626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19657626" title="Mike Scott (sheriff)">
Mike Scott (sheriff)

Michael Joseph Scott (born 1963), known as Mike Scott was the Sheriff of Lee County, Florida , the 12th person to head the Lee County Sheriff's Office since it began in 1887. Scott is a Republican, and has held the office of Sheriff in Lee County since 2004. He was re-elected in the fall of 2008 and again in 2012.
Early life.
Scott was born and raised in Lee County. He is a third generation Lee County resident. Scott is married to his wife Krista and they have 2 daughters, Lindsay and MacKenzie.
Education.
Scott graduated from North Fort Myers High School in 1981. He has a Bachelor's Degree in Political Science from University of South Florida. Scott also has a Master's Degree in Business Administration with a concentration in Public Administration from IMPAC University.
Professional.
In 1988, Scott joined the Lee County Sheriff’s Office, after working as a Probation and Parole Officer for the State of Florida for 2 years. During assignments as Public Information Officer, he was spokesperson for the Sheriff’s Office on a wide variety of matters. He also served as the Law Enforcement Coordinator for the Southwest Florida Crime Stoppers Program.
Locally, the Children’s Home Society presented Scott the 2006 Safe At Home Award for his efforts to keep all children safe in Lee County. In his first year in office, the Florida Crime Prevention Association awarded him the 2005 President’s Award, the highest honor given to any chief or sheriff in Florida for his or her progressive actions in the area of crime prevention.
Florida’s fellow sheriffs in August 2007 elected Scott to the Florida Sheriff’s Association’s Board of Directors.
Public office.
Scott left the Southwest Florida Crime Stoppers agency to campaign in 2003 as a Republican candidate for Sheriff and won his first term as Sheriff of Lee County.
In August 2008, Scott won the Republican primary for re-election in August 2008 with over 90% of votes. and November 2012 with 66% of the vote.
Controversy regarding use of Barack Obama's middle name.
At a rally for John McCain and Sarah Palin, Scott, appearing in uniform, referred to Barack Obama's full name, telling the crowd of nearly 9,000 McCain-Palin supporters, "On Nov. 4, let's leave Barack Hussein Obama wondering what happened." Scott’s remarks came as part of a string of warm-up speeches while Palin attended a private fundraiser in nearby Naples, FL, over an hour before she had arrived at the event site. Many citizens and media outlets have decried the remark as divisive and unacceptable for an elected public official. The McCain-Palin campaign issued a public statement distancing itself from Scott's comments. 
On October 6, 2008, Scott said, "I absolutely, unequivocally don’t regret saying it. In order to be a speaker at this event, I had to give my full name — Michael Joseph Scott — to the Secret Service, even though I’m the sheriff of Lee County. So why would I apologize?" The News-Press also reported that when asked why he then did not use Palin's middle name, Scott admitted he did not know it. "I just wanted to use his full name," Scott said. "And frankly, if this is such a hot-button issue, he as a Harvard lawyer could have changed it if he didn’t like it."
On June 15, 2009, the Office of Special Counsel informed Scott they had closed his case without further action. Scott calls the letter his "second vindication." “The first was on Inauguration Day when our President placed his hand on a Bible and was sworn in by his full name...Barack Hussein Obama ... end of story.”

</doc>
<doc id="19657638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19657638" title="Fischer (disambiguation)">
Fischer (disambiguation)

Fischer is a surname. It may also refer to

</doc>
<doc id="19657642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19657642" title="Gorman Heimueller">
Gorman Heimueller

Gorman John Heimueller (born September 24, 1955) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. Heimueller pitched parts of two seasons for the Oakland Athletics in and .

</doc>
<doc id="19657643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19657643" title="Trissexodontidae">
Trissexodontidae

Trissexodontidae is a family of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Helicoidea (according taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
This family has no subfamilies. The family Trissexodontidae was separated out from the from families Hygromiidae and Helicodontidae, and some authors still classify these species within those families.
Distribution.
The distribution of Trissexodontidae includes the Iberian peninsula, northwest Africa, Azores, Canary Islands, Madeira and Cape Verde.
Genera.
Genera within the family Trissexodontidae include:
Description.
Shells of species in the family Trissexodontidae are flat and regularly ribbed. The periostracum of the shell surface has no hairs.
A description of the reproductive system was summarized by Prieto et al. (1993).
In this family, the number of haploid chromosomes is known only for the genus "Oestophora" (n=30).

</doc>
<doc id="19657646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19657646" title="Thysanophoridae">
Thysanophoridae

Thysanophoridae is a family of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Helicoidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
These are common woodland snails of North America. They also occur in a few recorded spots in South America.
This family is defined by the absence of both a diverticulum and a stimulatory organ.
Subfamilies.
There are no subfamilies in Thysanophoridae.
Genera.
Genera within the family Thysanophoridae include:

</doc>
<doc id="19657650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19657650" title="Sphincterochilidae">
Sphincterochilidae

Sphincterochilidae is a taxonomic family of medium-sized air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Helicoidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
In the fossil record, Sphincterochilidae are known from the upper Eocene to the Holocene.
Distribution.
The distribution of Sphincterochilidae includes the western-Palearctic zone.
Taxonomy.
The following two subfamilies have been recognized in the taxonomy of Bouchet & Rocroi (2005):
Genera.
Genera within the family Sphincterochilidae include:
Sphincterochilinae
† Pseudoleptaxinae
Ecology.
Sphincterochilidae land snails are xerothermophilous, i.e. they are well adapted to hot dry places.

</doc>
<doc id="19657667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19657667" title="Pleurodontidae">
Pleurodontidae

Pleurodontidae is a family of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Helicoidea.
This family is classified within the clade Stylommatophora within the clade Eupulmonata (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005). This family has no subfamilies.
The family Pleurodontidae includes some American taxa that used to be included within the Australasian family Camaenidae, a taxon whose monophyly was in doubt.
Anatomy.
Pleurodontids are defined by a missing diverticulum. However the diverticulum is partially present in the genus "Solaropsis". The stimulatory organ is equally missing. However, "Solaropsis" has in part a penial stimulator and a divided penis retractor muscle.
Genera.
Genera within this family include:

</doc>
<doc id="19657672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19657672" title="Monadeniidae">
Monadeniidae

Monadeniidae is a taxonomic family of small to medium sized air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Helicoidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005). This family has no subfamilies.
Anatomy.
This family is defined by an absent diverticulum. The species have one dart apparatus, a stylophore (dart sac), one mucus gland, with a muscular duct that is inserted at base of the dart sac.
Genera.
Genera within the family Modaneiidae include:

</doc>
<doc id="19657676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19657676" title="Helicodontidae">
Helicodontidae

Helicodontidae is a family of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the clade Eupulmonata (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
Taxonomy.
The Helicodontidae family is classified within the clade Stylommatophora within the clade Eupulmonata (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
Subfamilies and genera.
There are two subfamilies in the family Helicodontidae.
The type genus is "Helicodonta" Férussac, 1821.

</doc>
<doc id="19657685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19657685" title="Halolimnohelicidae">
Halolimnohelicidae

Halolimnohelicidae is a family of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Helicoidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005). This family has no subfamilies.
Genera.
Genera within the family Halolimnohelicidae include:

</doc>
<doc id="19657689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19657689" title="Epiphragmophoridae">
Epiphragmophoridae

Epiphragmophoridae is a family of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Helicoidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005). This family has no subfamilies.
Anatomy.
This family is defined by the absence of a diverticulum. These snails have one dart apparatus with a stylophore (dart sac), and one or two mucus glands that are inserted on the dart sac and on the accessory sac, or at the base of the dart sac.
Genera.
Genera within the family Epiphragmophoridae include:

</doc>
<doc id="19657696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19657696" title="Elonidae">
Elonidae

Elonidae is a family of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropods mollusks in the superfamily Helicoidea.
This family is within the clade Eupulmonata (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
Subfamilies and genera.
The family Elonidae consists of two subfamilies (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005):
Genera.
Genera in the family Elonidae include:
Eloninae
Klikiinae

</doc>
<doc id="19657698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19657698" title="Cochlicellidae">
Cochlicellidae

Cochlicellidae is a family of small air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Helicoidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
The family Cochlicellidae has no subfamilies (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
Genera.
The type genus is "Cochlicella" Férussac, 1821.
Genera in the family Cochlicellidae include:

</doc>
<doc id="19657706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19657706" title="Cepolidae (gastropods)">
Cepolidae (gastropods)

Cepolidae is a family of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Helicoidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
Distribution.
Distribution of Cepolidae include Nearctic and Caribbean.
Anatomy.
This family is defined by the absence of the diverticulum. Snails in this family have one dart apparatus, and one mucus gland on top of the dart sac. The sheath of the dart apparatus has two glands.
Taxonomy.
This family is placed within the clade Stylommatophora within the clade Eupulmonata (according taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005). In many textbooks and on many websites however this family is listed as the subfamily Cepolinae within the family Helminthoglyptidae.
The name Cepolidae Ihering, 1909 is a homonym for the family Cepolidae Rafinesque, 1815 (based on "Cepola" Linnaeus, 1766) a family of bandfishes in the superfamily Cepoloidea within the order Perciformes.
Genera.
Genera within the family Cepolidae include:

</doc>
<doc id="19657733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19657733" title="Nancy Njie">
Nancy Njie

Nancy Seedy Njie (born November 7, 1965) is the Secretary of State for Tourism and Culture in The Gambia.

</doc>
<doc id="19657740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19657740" title="Marios Joannou Elia">
Marios Joannou Elia

Marios Joannou Elia is a Greek Cypriot composer born 19 June 1978 in Pafos.
Education.
Elia studied composition with Adriana Hölszky at the University of Music and Dramatic Arts Mozarteum, Salzburg. 
Further composition studies led him to Klaus Huber at the University of Music in Basel. He has gone on to interact with artists like Bogusław Schaeffer and Michael Finnissy as well as Georges Aperghis, Helmut Lachenmann and Karlheinz Stockhausen. 
He also studied musicology at the University of Music and Performing Arts Vienna. 
He holds a Doctor of Philosophy from the University of Southampton.
Career.
From 2003 to 2006 he was artistic and scientific researcher in the composition department at Mozarteum. 
Elia is the artistic director of the Multimedia-Event "autosymphonic" in Mannheim (2010–11).
Elia's compositional work comprises pieces from a wide range of genres and instrumentation from musical based plays to opera/music theatre 
and multimedia, instrumental and vocal works also with the inclusion of electronic media and an expansion of the musical material through unusual acoustic and visual elements.
His stage works have been produced by the Staatsoper Hannover, the Staatsoper Stuttgart, the Macedonian National Opera and Ballet, the Theatre Rampe Stuttgart etc. 
International orchestras and Ensembles like the SWR Symphony Orchestra Baden-Baden and Freiburg, SWR Vocal Ensemble Stuttgart, German Radio Philharmonic Saarbruecken-Kaiserslautern, Stuttgart State Orchestra, Sinfonietta of the Gewandhaus Orchestra Leipzig, Ensemble Modern, Moscow Contemporary Music Ensemble, Austrian Ensemble for Contemporary Music, Children's Choir of the Stuttgart State Opera, Netherlands Accordion Orchestra etc. have premiered his music. 
Concert Halls and Festivals such as the Berlin Philharmonic and Warsaw Philharmonic, the Festpielhaus Hellerau in Dresden, the Queen’s Hall in Edinburgh, the Muziekgebouw aan’t IJ Amsterdam, the Millenáris Theatrum Budapest or the Ars Electronica Linz have presented Elia's Music.
Die Jagd.
Elia composed several operas and musical theater works. His last opera, "The Hunt", commissioned by the Staatsoper Stuttgart is composed for four singers, three actors, hunting chorus, two choruses, 20 recorded voices,
instrumental ensemble into two groups, car sextet and electronics (2008). The work was premiered by the Stuttgart State Opera, in coproduction with the Theater Rampe Stuttgart.
Autosymphonic.
For the 125th birthday of the automobile, Elia composed the open-air multimedia symphony "autosymphonic", commissioned by the city of Mannheim. 
The one-hour-long symphony is scored for 265 musicians: for symphony orchestra, 81 cars and 120 percussionists, choir, children's choir, pop band, vocal ensemble, percussion octet, live electronics and a 360-degree sound system. 
There were 17 conductors involved in the performance.
The premiere took place at the central square of Mannheim, Friedrichsplatz, and attracted an audience of 20,000 people . Horst Hamann created the visual staging of the symphony.
After a ten-month 'car-casting', Elia created the world's first car orchestra. The 81 cars of all eras and types were played by 120 pupils as 'instruments'.
Event culture.
The work of Elia comprises compositions of different genres and instrumentations for the opera as well as for concert halls and goes up to visionary projects and concepts for complex and large-scale cultural events. 
A number of his works have been specifically designed for special occasions and celebrations, like the choral work "Aquanauts" (premiered in the gardens of the Salzburg Mirabell Palace, 2007) 
or the media opera "The Journey of G. Mastorna" (premiered in the Airport Salzburg during the "Mozart Year 2006") .
Pop music.
Elia composed the fourth part part of "autosymphonic" for symphony orchestra, choir, percussion quintet and the singers and rappers of the German pop band Söhne Mannheims and Xavier Naidoo. 
The title of the song is called "The Dream" "The Automobile" or "500 horses".
Awards.
The Austrian Federal Ministry for Education, Arts and Culture in Vienna honoured him with a special Grant Award as the best student at Mozarteum during the academic year 2001/02. 
Furthermore, he was honored with the Academic Excellence Award from the Chancellor of Mozarteum. He also received numerous awards from such institutions as the A.G. Leventis Foundation Paris, the European Centre for the Arts Hellerau in Dresden, the Hinrichsen Foundation London, the Academy of Arts Berlin, the Federal Chancellery of the Republic of Austria, the Allianz Cultural Foundation Munich, the Art-Foundation Baden-Württemberg, the Otto-Mauer-Fonds in Vienna, the Academy Schloss Solitude in Stuttgart and the Republic of Cyprus.
The premiere of "With a Pair of Scissors and Thousand Threads" by the Cambridge University New Music Society (2002) was among the first international successes he achieved. 
Another early success was the performance of "Antidoron" (Holy Bread) for electronically amplified string quartet: First Prize at the Lutosławski Award international composition competition in Warsaw (2004). The premiere followed in the Warsaw Philharmonic with the Rubinstein Quartet. 
Subsequently Elia was awarded a number of international composition prizes: First Prize at the Edison Denisov competition in Moscow, First Prize and PWM Edition's Special Prize at the Kazimierz Serocki competition in Warsaw, First Prize "Recherche" awarded by the Mozarteum Salzburg, the Klangspuren Festival Schwaz Tyrol and the ensemble recherche Freiburg, the Patronize Award of the BMW Musica Viva and the Bavarian Radio in Munich, the HofKlang First Prize of the Society for Arts and Critics Leipzig etc. 
In 2007 he was awarded the Theodor-Koerner-Fonds Composition Prize and lauded by the Austrian Federal President in Vienna. In 2009 he was awarded the Achievement Award by the Minister of Culture in Cyprus. 
In 2010 he was voted "Artist of the Year" in Cyprus and elected President of the "New Works" Music Festival in Southampton.

</doc>
<doc id="19657756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19657756" title="Asset recovery software">
Asset recovery software

Asset Recovery Software is a business term that refers to a set of software tools or modules used in executing asset recovery transactions, managing buyer relationships, and controlling associated business processes. The key purpose of these tools is to help companies effectively identify, reuse, and divest idle assets. 
Although the functionality included in these systems can vary, it commonly includes one or more of the following:
Web Accessibility.
Asset recovery software can include anything ranging from a small desktop application to an application that resides on a server that can be accessed by many people across diverse geographic locations. The current trend in larger asset recovery departments is toward increased collaboration and web applications.
The introduction of cloud technology and the rise Software-as-a-service model led to many new offerings focusing on different aspects of asset recovery. Firms can choose between solutions focusing on internal asset redeployment (e.g. AssetGlobe) or alternatives developed by online auction, asset trading and recycling providers.
Potential Benefits.
Organizations that adopt asset recovery software generally expect to realize several benefits. These can be monetary or process improvement benefits. Some of these benefits include:

</doc>
<doc id="19657766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19657766" title="Oopeltidae">
Oopeltidae

Oopeltidae is a family of air-breathing land slugs, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Arionoidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
Subfamilies and genera.
The family Oopeltidae consists of two subfamilies:
Genera in the family Oopeltidae include:
Oopeltinae
Ariopeltinae
Distribution.
Two genera of Ariopeltinae live in South Africa. "Ariopelta capensis" and "Ariostralis nebulosa" are relict primitive species in the Cape Fold Mountains. In the Landdroskop area there are melanistic populations of these slugs.

</doc>
<doc id="19657849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19657849" title="Blossom (functional)">
Blossom (functional)

In numerical analysis, a blossom is a functional that can be applied to any polynomial, but is mostly used for Bézier and spline curves and surfaces.
The blossom of a polynomial "ƒ", often denoted formula_1 is completely characterised by the three properties:

</doc>
<doc id="19657891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19657891" title="Roman Hubník">
Roman Hubník

Roman Hubník (born 6 June 1984) is a Czech football defender who currently plays for FC Viktoria Plzeň. He also plays for the Czech national team. His brother Michal Hubník is also a footballer.
Club career.
He was bought by FC Moscow from SK Sigma Olomouc for €2,000,000 in January 2007. In January 2009 he was loaned out until 31 December 2009 to Sparta Prague. After his return to Russia, he again moved on loan, this time to Hertha BSC. On 20 May 2010, Hertha made use of a contract option and signed Hubník permanently. In September 2013, he signed a deal with Viktoria Plzeň.
International career.
Hubník played for all Czech national youth teams. On 5 July 2009, Hubník made his debut for the Czech Republic national team in the match against Malta. His first international goal came on 12 August 2009, in the 3–1 victory over Belgium.

</doc>
<doc id="19657919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19657919" title="Weakness (disambiguation)">
Weakness (disambiguation)

Weakness may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19657952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19657952" title="Ladder graph">
Ladder graph

In the mathematical field of graph theory, the ladder graph "L""n" is a planar undirected graph with "2n" vertices and "n+2(n-1)" edges.
The ladder graph can be obtained as the Cartesian product of two path graphs, one of which has only one edge: "L""n",1 = "P""n" × "P"1. Adding two more crossed edges connecting the four degree-two vertices of a ladder graph produces a cubic graph, the Möbius ladder.
By construction, the ladder graph L"n" is isomorphic to the grid graph "G"2,"n" and looks like a ladder with "n" rungs. It is Hamiltonian with girth 4 (if "n>1") and chromatic index 3 (if "n>2").
The chromatic number of the ladder graph is 2 and its chromatic polynomial is formula_1.

</doc>
<doc id="19657958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19657958" title="MSL">
MSL

The acronym MSL may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19657997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19657997" title="EIF2">
EIF2

Eukaryotic Initiation Factor 2 (eIF2) is a eukaryotic initiation factor. It is required in the initiation of translation. eIF2 mediates the binding of tRNAmet to the ribosome in a GTP-dependent manner. eIF2 is a heterotrimer consisting of an alpha (also called subunit 1), a beta (subunit 2), and a gamma (subunit 3) subunit.
Once the initiation is completed, eIF2 is released from the ribosome bound to GDP as an inactive binary complex. To participate in another round of translation initiation, this GDP must be exchanged for GTP.
Function.
eIF2 is an essential factor for protein synthesis that forms a ternary complex (TC) with GTP and the initiator Met-tRNA. After its formation, the TC binds the 40S ribosomal subunit to form the 43S preinitiation complex (PIC). PIC-assembly is believed to be stimulated by the initiation factors eIF1, eIF2A, and the eIF3 complex according to "in vitro" experiments. The 43S PIC then binds mRNA that has previously been unwound by the eIF4s. The 43S PIC and the eIF4 proteins form a new 48S complex on the mRNA, which starts searching along the mRNA for the start codon (AUG). Upon base pairing of the AUG-codon with the Met-tRNA, eIF5 (which is a GTPase-activating protein) is recruited to the complex and induces eIF2 to hydrolyse its GTP. This causes eIF2-GDP to be released from this 48S complex and translation begins after recruitment of the 60S ribosomal subunit and formation of the 80S initiation complex. Finally, with the help of the Guanine nucleotide exchange factor eIF2B, the GDP in eIF2 is exchanged for a GTP and the ternary complex reforms for a new round of translation initiation.
Structure.
eIF2 is a heterotrimer of a total molar mass of 126 kDa that is composed of the three subunits α (subunit 1), β (subunit 2), and γ (subunit 3). 
The sequences of all three subunits are highly conserved (pairwise amino acid identities for each subunit range from 47–72% when comparing the proteins of "Homo sapiens" and "Saccharomyces cerevisiae").
The α-subunit contains the main target for phosphorylation, a serine at position 51. It also contains a S1
motif domain, which is a potential RNA binding-site. Therefore, the α-subunit can be considered the
regulatory subunit of the trimer.
The β-subunit contains multiple phosphorylation sites (residues 2, 13, 67, 218). What is important to consider is that there
are also three lysine clusters in the N-terminal domain (NTD), which are important for the interaction
with eIF2B. Moreover, the sequence of the protein comprises a zinc finger motif that was shown to play a role in both ternary complex and 43S preinitiation complex formation. There are also two guanine nucleotide-binding
sequences that have not been shown to be involved in the regulation of eIF2 activity. The β-subunit is also believed to interact with both tRNA and mRNA.
The γ-subunit comprises three guanine nucleotide-binding sites and is known to be the main docking
site for GTP/GDP. It also contains a tRNA-binding cavity that has been shown by X-ray crystallography. A zinc knuckle motif is able to bind one Zn2+ cation.
Regulation.
eIF2 activity is regulated by a mechanism involving both guanine nucleotide exchange and
phosphorylation. Phosphorylation takes place at the α-subunit, which is a target for a number of serine kinases that phosphorylate serine 51. Those kinases act as a result of stress such as
amino acid deprivation (GCN2), ER stress (PERK), the presence of dsRNA (PKR) or Heme deficiency (HRI). Once phosphorylated, eIF2 shows increased affinity for its
Guanine nucleotide exchange factor eIF2B. However, eIF2B is able to exchange GDP for GTP only if eIF2 is in its unphosphorylated
state. Phosphorylated eIF2, however, due to its stronger binding acts as an inhibitor of its own GEF (eIF2B).
Since the cellular concentration of eIF2B is much lower than that of eIF2, even a small amount of
phosphorylated eIF2 can completely abolish eIF2B activity by sequestration. Without the GEF, eIF2
can no longer be returned to its active (GTP-bound) state. As a consequence, translation comes to a halt since
initiation is no longer possible without any available ternary complex. Furthermore low concentration of ternary complex allows the expression of GCN4 (starved condition) which in turn results in increased activation of amino acid synthesis genes
Disease.
Since eIF2 is essential for translation initiation and therefore protein synthesis, defects in eIF2 are lethal. The protein is highly conserved among evolutionary remote species - indicating a large impact of mutations on cell
viability. Therefore, no diseases directly related to mutations in eIF2 can be observed.
However, there are many illnesses caused by down-regulation of eIF2 through its upstream kinases. For
example, increased concentrations of active PKR and inactive (phosphorylated) eIF2 were found in
patients suffering from neurodegenerative diseases such as Alzheimer’s, Parkinson’s, and Huntington’s disease. There is also one proven example of a disease related to the GEF eIF2B. Mutations in all of the
five subunits of eIF2B could be linked with leukoencephalopathy, an illness that causes the brain’s
white matter to disappear. It is still not fully understood why only brain cells seem to be affected by
these defects. Potentially reduced levels of unstable regulatory proteins might play a role in the
development of the diseases mentioned.

</doc>
<doc id="19658007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658007" title="Aleksandr Sheshukov">
Aleksandr Sheshukov

Aleksandr Sergeyevich Sheshukov () (born April 15, 1983 in Omsk) is an association footballer currently playing for FC Lokomotiv Moscow.
International career.
Sheshukov made his debut for the Russia national football team on June 7, 2011 in a friendly against Cameroon.

</doc>
<doc id="19658010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658010" title="Sic1">
Sic1

Sic1, a protein, is a stoichiometric inhibitor of Cdk1-Clb (B-type cyclins) complexes in the budding yeast "Saccharomyces cerevisiae". Because B-type cyclin-Cdk1 complexes are the drivers of S-phase initiation, Sic1 prevents premature S-phase entry. Multisite phosphorylation of Sic1 is thought to time Sic1 ubiquitination and destruction, and by extension, the timing of S-phase entry.
Role of Sic1 in the cell cycle control.
In the G1 phase of the cell cycle, Sic1 binds tightly to the Cdc28-Clb complex and inhibits it. Low Cdc28-Clb activity leads to the disassembly of the mitotic spindle, the assembly of the prereplicative complex and initiation of bud formation in yeast.
At the START point in the yeast cell cycle, the G1-cyclins Cln3, Cln1 and Cln 2 activate Cdc28. The activated complex will phosphorylate Sic1 at multiple sites which leads to its degradation by the SCF complex. When Sic1 is degraded, the Cdc28-Clb complex is no longer inhibited and the cell can enter the S/M-phase. Thus Sic1 inactivation is essential for transition into S phase (Fig.1). 
Cdc28 in complex with B-type cyclin (Cdc28-Clb) phosphorylates Swi5, the transcription factor of Sic1. This promotes the export of Swi5 from the nucleus to the cytoplasm and avoids further transcription of the cdk inhibitor. Cdc28-Clb also phosphorylates any Sic1 molecules still available and triggers their ubiquitin-dependent degradation, exactly like Cdc28-Cln. High Cdc28-Clb levels also initiate DNA replication and duplication of the spindle pole bodies (SPBs). Then the metaphase spindle assembles and chromosome segregation can occur. The transcription of Sic1 starts during telophase, mediated by Swi5. Aca2 is another transcription factor of Sic1, but remains inactive until G1. At the end of mitosis, Sic1 is involved in the inactivation of Cdc28-Clb.
Ubiquitin-dependent degradation of Sic1.
In order to be recognized by Cdc4 of the SCF complex, Sic1 has to be phosphorylated, often by Cyclin-Cdk complexes, at least at 6 of the 9 cdk sites (Fig. 2). Sic1 can also be phosphorylated by other kinases, such as , a kinase which becomes essential when Cln1 and Cln2 are absent. Sic1 has also a role in the response to osmostress. The stress-activated protein kinase (SAPK) Hog1 phosphorylates Sic1 at a single residue at the carboxyl terminus. This leads to downregulation of cyclin expression and Sic1 stabilization which arrests the cell cycle.
Multiple phosphorylations allow fine-tuning.
Sic1 needs to be phosphorylated at multiple sites for ubiquitination-driven degradation (Fig. 2). The multiple phosphorylations are required for Sic1 to be recruited by Cdc4 to the SCF complex. The Cdc4 substrate recognition mechanism includes the interaction with consensus binding motifs on the surface of the folded and phosphorylated Sic1, the so-called Cdc4 phospho-degrons (CPD). It has been shown that the optimal consensus sequence for Cdc4 is a phosphorylated serine or threonine followed by a proline and a basic amino acid. However, none of the CPDs on the surface of the Sic1 show such a composition. Therefore, multiple phosphorylation of Sic1 is necessary to get high-affinity binding to Cdc4. Although this mechanism looks inefficient, it provides advantages for a cell because it is possible to measure the environmental Cln/cdc28 concentration. The number of phosphorylated sites corresponds to the concentration of Cln/cdc28 and Sic1 could be considered as a sensor for this protein. In contrast to the many sharp transitions of ultrasensitive kinase cascade feedback loops, this mechanism allows fine tuned regulation. Moreover, because multiple phosphorylations are required, the probability that Sic1 is degraded by random is small. Using multiple phosphorylation of Sic1, the cell evolved a strategy to highly regulate the onset of DNA replication that is absolutely vital to provide genetic stability.
Sic1 homologue in human and diseases.
The protein p27Kip1 is a human homologue of Sic1, both having a conserved inhibitory domain, but p27Kip1 inhibits G1 cyclins and not cyclin B. 
There are several human diseases that are linked to p27Kip1 and other cyclin kinase inhibitors:
Thus, the human Cdk inhibitor p27Kip1 is a potential tumor suppressor protein. If its expression is reduced, the result might be unregulated progression from G1 to S-phase which deregulates cell division and simplifies the formation of tumors.

</doc>
<doc id="19658026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658026" title="Cdc6">
Cdc6

Cdc6, or cell division cycle 6, is a protein in eukaryotic cells that is studied in the budding yeast "Saccharomyces cerevisiae". It is an essential regulator of DNA replication and plays important roles in the activation and maintenance of the checkpoint mechanisms in the cell cycle that coordinate S phase and mitosis. It is part of the pre-replicative complex (pre-RC) and is required for loading mini chromosome maintenance (MCM) proteins onto the DNA, an essential step in the initiation of DNA synthesis. In addition, it’s a member of the family of AAA+ ATPases and highly associated to Orc1p.
Function.
Cdc6p is an ATP binding protein and a member of the pre-replicative complex (pre-RC) together with the origin recognition complex (ORC), Cdt1 and the MCM complex (containing MCM2-7p). Cdc6p assembles after ORC in an ATP dependent manner and is required for loading MCM proteins onto the DNA. Reconstruction of electron microscope images showed that the ORC-Cdc6p complex forms a ring-shaped structure with similar dimensions to those of ring-shaped MCM helicase.
It is thought that the Cdc6p-Cdt1 complex uses ATP hydrolysis to thread DNA through the central hole of the MCM doughnut. Mutations in the binding motif of Cdc6p strongly suggest that ATP binding and hydrolysis is essential for its function. The minimal requirement for DNA binding has been mapped within its 47-amino acid sequence. Furthermore Cdc6 indirectly inhibits activation of the p34cdc2/CDC28 M phase kinase, thus nuclear division is suppressed.
Regulation.
Cdc6p is normally present at high levels during the G1 phase of the cell cycle. This is partly because the CDC6 gene is only transcribed during G1 phase. On the onset of the S phase, Cdc6p gets phosphorylated by the Cdc28-Clb5-Clb6 complex (Cdk1) and consequently becoming inactivated. This has been shown by introducing mutations in Cdc6p at the consensus sites for Cdk1 phosphorylation (near the N-terminus) which inhibit degradation. The phosphorylation can furthermore be catalyzed by Cdc28-Cln. The inactivated Cdc6p is then targeted for degradation by SCFCDC4-dependent ubiquitinylation and afterwards degraded by the proteosome. Thus, the regulation of Cdc6p is tightly correlated to the activity of Cdk1 and since Cdk1-activity is oscillating once per cell cycle, the accumulation and degradation of Cdc6p also oscillates. 
Two states can be distinguished. In the first state (during G1 phase) Cdk1-activity is low, Cdc6p can accumulate, hence the pre-RC can be formed but not activated. In the second state Cdk1-activity is high, Cdc6p becomes inactivated, hence the pre-RC is activated but not formed. This change assures that DNA replication is performed only once per cell cycle. It has been shown that overexpression of Cdc6p does not induce re-replication in cognate cells, probably due to inhibition through CDK that resets the cell
cycle clock to G1. Nevertheless it has been suggested that regulation of Cdc6p is one of several redundant mechanisms that prevent re-replication of the DNA in eukaryotic cells.
Structure.
The crystallographic structure of a Cdc6p/Orc1-related protein from Pyrobaculum aerophilum (see Pyrobaculum) has been solved and three structural domains have been identified. Domain I and II form the ATP binding/hydrolysis site and are similar to other AAA+ ATPases. Domain III is structurally related to a winged-helix domain, thus may interact with origin DNA. From studies with E. coli γ clamp loading complex, it was suggested that domain III mediates protein-protein interactions with other AAA+ ATPases in the pre-RC, thus suggesting that the Cdc6p builds a homodimer in its native form. The domains I and II form a cashew-shaped molecule that bind ATP in the cleft and additionally build the sensor motif for ATP/ADP recognition. These domains are also thought to mediate subsequent conformational changes. Nevertheless, the exact functional roles of these domains remain unclear.
Disease.
It has been shown Cdc6p shows proto-oncogenic activity. Cdc6 overexpression interferes with the expression of INK4/ARF tumor suppressor genes through a mechanism involving the epigenetic modification of chromatin at the INK4/ARF locus. In addition, Cdc6p overexpression in primary cells may promote DNA hyperreplication and induce a senescence response similar to that caused by oncogene activation. These findings indicate that deregulation of CDC6 expression in human cells poses a serious risk of carcinogenesis. Down-regulation of CDC6 in prostate cancer was observed and associated with phenotypic characteristics of aggressive prostate cancer. Furthermore it has been
observed that Cdc6 is greatly up-regulated in cervical cancer, lung cancer and brain cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="19658031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658031" title="Rocket launcher (disambiguation)">
Rocket launcher (disambiguation)

A rocket launcher is a device used to launch a rocket. It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19658044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658044" title="Puerto Rico gubernatorial election, 2008">
Puerto Rico gubernatorial election, 2008

The 2008 Puerto Rico gubernatorial election, took place on November 4, 2008 as part of the Puerto Rican general elections. It coincided with the 2008 United States general elections. Then-incumbent governor Aníbal Acevedo Vilá, Democratic, PPD was eligible for reelection, and ran for a second four-year term. His opponent, Luis Fortuño, Republican and PNP Resident Commissioner of Puerto Rico, defeated him.
Candidates.
Popular Democratic Party.
Incumbent Aníbal Acevedo Vilá (PPD/D) decided to run for a second four-year term. He faced a tough reelection campaign due to an indictment in March 2008 for alleged conspiracy to illegally raise money to pay off his campaign debts in 2000 and the fallout from the 2006 Puerto Rico budget crisis.
New Progressive Party.
On February 19, 2007, Incumbent Resident Commissioner of Puerto Rico Luis Fortuño announced his candidacy for Governor of Puerto Rico for the 2008 general election and said he will not run for Congress. On May 18, 2007, Fortuño announced that former Attorney General Pedro Pierluisi would be his running mate and run for Fortuño's current office of Resident Commissioner of Puerto Rico. Pierluisi Urrutia was a classmate at Colegio Marista, a fellow member of the Puerto Rico Statehood Students Association and also a fellow cabinet member of Fortuño's during former Governor Pedro Rosselló's first term from 1993 to 1996. On March 7, 2007, Former Governor Pedro Rosselló stated that he was no longer interested in the Senate Presidency and is now focusing his attention in preventing Resident Commissioner Luis Fortuño from winning the March 2008 gubernatorial primary, and has allowed his name to be placed in nomination for the party's gubernatorial primary. Senate President Kenneth McClintock and four other senators won in San Juan Superior Court a suit to nullify the sanctions and expulsions that the party leadership has levied against them. The Puerto Rico Supreme Court confirmed the lower court decision by a 5-to-1 vote. As a result, McClintock and his supporters are recognized as NPP members and free to run under the party banner.On March 9, 2008, Pedro Rosselló conceded the victory to Luis Fortuño after a large margin of votes in favor of his opponent in the NPP party primaries for the presidency of the party and gubernatorial nomination. Rosselló admitted defeat even before the votes were completely tallied claiming Fortuño as the next candidate of the PNP party. In Rosselló's conceding speech he said ""Luis Fortuño has been selected by the people to be the new president of this party and the candidate for governor. I always say the people speak and I obey, Fortuño here is your party and here is your office (signaling the party's official headquarters). Now its up to you, the loyal members of this party, to make sure that this new leadership works for the statehood for Puerto Rico"". After this conceding speech it was rumored and even announced at Fortuño's headquarters that the former Governor would arrive there along with his loyal supporter and mayor of the capital city of San Juan, Jorge Santini, but after Fortuño's followers waited for hours to see their leaders united neither Rosselló or Santini arrived. After the primary was over it was heavily rumored by many that Rosselló would not be campaigning for Fortuño and that he'd resign as senator to go back to his home in Virginia. On March 10, 2008, Rosselló sent the media a written statement regarding his future in which he confirmed he will be retiring from active politics and will not be campaigning for any candidate, however he will finish his term as Senator for the Arecibo District.
Puerto Ricans For Puerto Rico Party.
This Party was a newcomer to the political scene and put forward Rogelio Figueroa as it candidate for governor. It campaigned as a no status party, similar to the PPD at its start.
Puerto Rico Independence Party.
The party had failed to register in the former 2004 elections. A new face was selected to run, as Edwin Irrizary Mora was the gubernatorial candidate. It campaigned as the "radical" option for voters.

</doc>
<doc id="19658050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658050" title="Činč">
Činč

Činč (Serbian Cyrillic: Чинч, ) is a Serbian band that Đorđe Ilić and Luka Stanisavljević formed in 2001. Before that, the duo performed for several years under the name Čudan Šimijev Bend. In 2003 and in 2004, respectively, Irena Vanić and Srđan Stojanović joined the band. Činč's notable features are weird lyrics, sophisticated melodies and peculiar scene acting. The band often performs at cultural centers, libraries, galleries, radio stations and Belgrade's botanical garden. Činč has collaborated with many artists, including names like Yoshio Machida, Marko Brecelj (ex-Buldožer), Saša Marković Mikrob, strip-workshop "Šlic" and others.

</doc>
<doc id="19658066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658066" title="Gupta (disambiguation)">
Gupta (disambiguation)

Gupta is a common Indian surname.
Gupta may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19658077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658077" title="Maxime Chanot">
Maxime Chanot

Maxime Chanot (born 21 January 1990, in Nancy, France) is a Luxembourgish-French footballer who plays as a defender for Kortrijk in the Belgian Pro League.
Playing career.
Having joined Sheffield United in 2006 from Stade de Reims Chanot became a regular in the academy and reserves sides. The aggressive, athletic central defender joined Mansfield Town on loan on 4 October 2008, and made his debut for Mansfield in the 0-1 defeat against Woking despite picking up man of the match award. He returned to Bramall Lane having played five games for The Stags. During December 2008 he went on loan to Scottish premier league side Hamilton academical.
As the Blades looked to cut costs having failed to gain promotion Chanot was released at the end of the 2008-09 season.
He went on trial in summer 2009 to championship side Barnsley and impressed the coaching staff with his competitive style and played in five pre-season friendlies, Barnsley extended his trial period for a further two weeks after impressing in the games and training.Chanot narrowly missed out on a contract with Barnsley, due to them wanting a more experienced central defender, in November 2009 the talented youngster signed for French premier league side Le Mans FC for two years. He moved on a year's loan to FC Gueugnon in 2010. In September 2011 Chanot signed for Belgium team WS Woluwe. In July 2012, Chanot was awarded with a new one year contract with WS Woluwe.

</doc>
<doc id="19658079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658079" title="Oka NEV ZEV">
Oka NEV ZEV

The Oka NEV ZEV is an electric Neighborhood Electric Vehicle converted from a VAZ-1111 Oka is sold in the US market by Oka Auto USA. The Oka NEV ZEV can be bought fully assembled or in kit form.
Public Appearances.
The Oka NEV ZEVs have made many appearances at various US car shows including the 2004, 2005 and 2007 Los Angeles Auto Shows, the 2006 Orange County Motor Trend Auto Show and the The Alternative Car and Transportation Expo in 2007 and 2009.
Availability.
OKA NEV ZEV has been available from OKA AUTO USA since 2003.
Power train Details.
2013 OKA NEV ZEV now features AC (alternating current) 3-phase 48V motor controlled by SEVCON controller; 
2003 to 2010 versions used 48V DC (direct current) series wound electric motor controlled by ALLTRAX controller.
Oka NEV ZEV Racing.
Oka NEV ZEVs have also come first and second at the LVRSCCA Racing Season RallyCross in the 'SS' class and AutoCross in the 'FP' class. There are three models of Oka racing cars, each can be purchased like regular Oka NEV ZEVs. The Oka Slalom, the track model is $4,990. The Oka Rally, the rally version is $6,000, and the Oka Pro-Rally, the advanced rally version is $9,000.

</doc>
<doc id="19658082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658082" title="DeYarmond Edison">
DeYarmond Edison

DeYarmond Edison is perhaps best known as the former band of the members of Bon Iver, Megafaun, and Field Report. Guitarist and vocalist Justin Vernon created Bon Iver; the remaining members (Brad Cook: bass, guitar; Phil Cook: keyboards, banjo; Joe Westerlund: Percussion) went on to form the freak folk group Megafaun.
History.
The band began as friends from Eau Claire, Wisconsin, evolving from Justin Vernon's early band Mount Vernon and takes its name from Justin Vernon's two middle names. The members first met at the H.O.R.D.E. Festival in 1997, bonded at a Wisconsin jazz camp, and played together in various combinations before finally playing as "DeYarmond Edison" in 2002. The band's style is a blend of folk and Americana sounds with more modern atmospheric and electronic elements. DeYarmond Edison recorded two albums while in Eau Claire, a self-titled album and "Silent Signs".
After a period of success in Eau Claire's music scene the band decided to move to Raleigh, North Carolina to begin a musical career in a new location. The band experienced some success in Raleigh, but eventually broke up because of tensions caused by different musical directions and philosophies and personal reasons. The breakup also occurred subsequent to Vernon falling severely ill with a form of mononucleosis that damages the liver. After the breakup, which was officially announced on the band's MySpace page on September 15, 2006, DeYarmond Edison made a five track unreleased EP available for download. Four of the songs can be downloaded for free on the band's MySpace page.
Following the dissolution of DeYarmond Edison, Vernon eventually returned to Wisconsin to live in his father's cabin, and over the course of 3 months of isolation, he produced what became the Bon Iver album "For Emma, Forever Ago". The remaining members DeYarmond Edison formed Megafaun, eventually releasing their own album "Bury the Square".
Former member Christopher Porterfield spent the following five years composing material for his solo project, Field Report, which was released in September of 2012.
Reunion.
DeYarmond Edison reunited to play a show at the Fader Fort by Fiat at SXSW 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19658106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658106" title="John N. Hendren">
John N. Hendren

John N. Hendren (1822 — 1898) had been a Virginia attorney and judge who served as the second Treasurer of the Confederate States of America, serving during the last year of the American Civil War.
Hendren was born in Staunton, Virginia. He was the nephew of locally prominent Presbyterian minister John Hendren. He attended The College of William & Mary, studied law, passed his bar exam, and established a prosperous legal practice in Staunton. He married, raised a family, and built a large mansion, "Selma."
Secretary of the Treasury Christopher Memminger resigned his post on July 18, 1864, and was replaced by fellow South Carolinian George Trenholm. However, Edward C. Elmore initially stayed on as Treasurer under Trenholm, but resigned in the autumn. Shortly afterward, Hendren posted his bond on October 10, 1864, and assumed the role of Treasurer. He stayed in his post until the fall of the Confederacy in April 1865. 
Following the war, Hendren returned to Staunton and was a judge for Augusta County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19658140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658140" title="F. J. Duarte">
F. J. Duarte

Francisco Javier "Frank" Duarte (born c. 1954) is a Chilean-born laser physicist and author/editor of several well-known books on tunable lasers. He introduced the generalized multiple-prism dispersion theory and has discovered various multiple-prism grating oscillator laser configurations. These contributions have found applications in a variety of fields including: 
Duarte's research has mainly focused on physical and laser optics and has taken place at a number institutions in academia, industry, and the defense establishment. 
Research.
Laser oscillators.
Duarte and Piper introduced the "multiple-prism near-grazing-incidence grating" cavities originally disclosed as copper-laser-pumped narrow-linewidth tunable laser oscillators. He then introduced multiple-prism grating configurations to high-power CO2 laser oscillators. Duarte also developed the theories for narrow-linewidth dispersive laser oscillators, and multiple-prism laser pulse compression, which are summarized in several of his books.
Solid state organic dye lasers.
From the mid-1980s to early 1990s Duarte and scientists from the US
Army Missile Command developed "ruggedized" narrow-linewidth laser oscillators tunable directly in the visible spectrum. This constituted the first disclosure, in the open literature, of a tunable narrow-linewidth laser tested on a rugged terrain. This research led to experimentation with polymer gain media and in 1994 Duarte reported on the first narrow-linewidth tunable solid state dye laser oscillators. These dispersive oscillator architectures were then refined to yield single-longitudinal-mode emission limited only by Heisenberg's uncertainty principle.
Organic media.
Joint research, with R. O. James, on solid-state organic-inorganic materials, led to the discovery of polymer-nanoparticle gain media and to the emission of tunable low-divergence homogeneous laser beams from this class of media. In 2005, Duarte and colleagues were the first to demonstrate directional coherent emission from an electrically excited organic semiconductor. These experiments utilized a tandem OLED within an interferometric configuration.
Tunable lasers for isotope separation.
The tunable narrow-linewidth laser oscillator configurations, introduced by Duarte and Piper, were adopted by various research groups working on uranium atomic vapor laser isotope separation (AVLIS). This work was supported by the Australian Atomic Energy Commission. During the course of this research, Duarte writes that he did approach the then federal minister for energy, Sir John Carrick, to advocate for the introduction of an AVLIS facility in Australia. In 2002, he participated in research that led to the isotope separation of lithium using narrow-linewidth tunable diode lasers.
Interferometry and quantum optics.
In the late 1980s, Duarte invented the "N"-slit laser interferometer and applied Dirac’s notation to describe quantum mechanically its interferometric and propagation characteristics. This research also led to the generalized N-slit interferometric equation that was then applied to describe classical optics phenomena such as interference, diffraction, refraction, and reflection, in a rational and unified quantum approach. Duarte also derived the cavity linewidth equation, for dispersive laser oscillators, using quantum mechanical principles.
More recently, Duarte and colleagues have developed very large "N"-slit laser interferometers to generate and propagate interferometric characters for secure free-space optical communications. "Interferometric characters" is a term coined in 2002 to link interefometric signals to alphanumerical characters (see figure's legend). 
These experiments have also provided the first observation of diffraction patterns superimposed over propagating interference signals, thus demonstrating non-destructive (or soft) interception of propagating interferograms.
A spin-off of this research, with applications to the aviation industry, resulted from the discovery that "N"-slit laser interferometers are very efficient and effective detectors of clear air turbulence. 
Duarte provides a description of quantum optics, almost entirely via Dirac's notation, in his book "Quantum Optics for Engineers".
Career.
Macquarie University.
At Macquarie University (Sydney, Australia), Duarte studied quantum physics under John Clive Ward and semiconductor physics under Ronald Ernest Aitchison. His PhD research was on laser physics and his supervisor was James A. Piper.
He also established and led the successful Macquarie science reform movement, that transformed the degree structure of the university. Macquarie's science reform, was widely supported by local scientists including physicists R. E. Aitchison, R. E. B. Makinson, and J. C. Ward.
In 1980, Duarte was elected as one of the Macquarie representatives to the Australian Union of Students from where he was expelled, and then reinstated, for "running over the tables."
Following completion of his PhD work, Duarte did post doctoral research, with B. J. Orr at the University of New South Wales, and then back at Macquarie University.
American phase.
In 1983, Duarte traveled to the United States to assume a physics professorship at the University of Alabama. In 1985 he joined the Research Laboratories, at the Eastman Kodak Company, where he remained until 2006. Further, in 2006, he founded "Interferometric Optics". Duarte has had a long association with the US Army Missile Command and the US Army Aviation and Missile Command.
He was elected Fellow of the Australian Institute of Physics (1987) and Fellow of the Optical Society of America (1993) for his contributions to the development of narrow-linewidth tunable lasers. He is the first South American to have received such distinctions. Subsequently, he received the "Engineering Excellence Award" from the Optical Society of America for the invention of the N-slit laser interferometer. Duarte's contributions are cited in more than one hundred and fifty scholarly books, including several classics.
Personal.
Duarte was born in Santiago, Chile, and traveled to Sydney, Australia, as a teenager. There, he lived first in Strathfield and then in the northern small town of Cowan. In the United States he resided for a brief period in Tuscaloosa, Alabama, and then moved to Western New York.

</doc>
<doc id="19658146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658146" title="Binneyidae">
Binneyidae

Binneyidae is a family of air-breathing land slugs, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Arionoidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
Genera.
The family Binneyidae has no subfamilies.
Genera within the family Binneyidae include:

</doc>
<doc id="19658153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658153" title="Ariolimacidae">
Ariolimacidae

Ariolimacidae is a family of air-breathing land slugs, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Arionoidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
Subfamilies and genera.
The family Ariolimacidae consists of the two subfamilies:
Genera in the family Ariolimacidae include:
Ariolimacinae
Zacoleinae

</doc>
<doc id="19658159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658159" title="Anadenidae">
Anadenidae

Anadenidae is a taxonomic family of air-breathing land slugs, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Arionidae (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
This family has no subfamilies (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
Genera.
Genera within the family Anadenidae include:

</doc>
<doc id="19658170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658170" title="Vitrinidae">
Vitrinidae

Vitrinidae is a family of small, air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Limacoidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
The family Vitrinidae has no subfamilies (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
Distribution.
The distribution of the Vitrinidae includes the Nearctic, western Palearctic, eastern Palearctic, and Ethiopian zones, as well as Hawaii.
Anatomy.
Snails in this family make and use love darts made of chitin.
In this family, the number of haploid chromosomes lies between 26 and 35 (according to the values in this table).
Genera.
Genera in the family Vitrinidae include:
Cladogram.
A cladogram showing the phylogenic relationships of this family to other families within the limacoid clade:

</doc>
<doc id="19658205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658205" title="Ariophantidae">
Ariophantidae

Ariophantidae is a taxonomic family of air-breathing land snails and semi-slugs, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Helicarionoidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
Distribution.
Distribution of Ariophantidae include India and south-eastern Asia.
Anatomy.
Snails within this family make and use love darts made of chitin.
In this family, the number of haploid chromosomes lies between 21 and 25 and also lies between 31 and 35, but other values are also possible (according to the values in this table).
Taxonomy.
The family Ariophantidae consists of 3 subfamilies (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005):
Genera.
Genera in the family Ariophantidae include:
Ariophantinae
Macrochlamydinae
Ostracolethinae
unsorted:
Cladogram.
The following cladogram shows the phylogenic relationships of this family with other families in the limacoid clade:

</doc>
<doc id="19658210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658210" title="Urocyclidae">
Urocyclidae

Urocyclidae is a family of air-breathing land snails and semi-slugs, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Helicarionoidea, (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
Some species within this family make and use love darts before mating.
Distribution.
The Urocyclidae are distributed in the Afrotropical Region, including Madagascar, the Comores and the islands of the Gulf of Guinea. 
Taxonomy.
The family Urocyclidae consists of 2 subfamilies (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005), that follows classification of Urocyclinae by Van Goethem (1977):
Genera.
Genera within the family Urocyclidae include:
Subfamily Urocyclinae
tribe Urocyclini
Tribe Dendrolimacini
Tribe Leptichnini
Tribe Upembelllini
Subfamily Sheldoniinae
Unsorted:
Cladogram.
The following cladogram shows the phylogenic relationship of this family to other families in the limacoid clade:

</doc>
<doc id="19658219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658219" title="Cameron Gibson">
Cameron Gibson

Cameron Gibson (born 14 August 1982 in Auckland, New Zealand) is a New Zealand swimming competitor. He won a bronze medal in the 200m backstroke at the 2006 Commonwealth Games in a time of 2:00.72 minutes.
He also competed at the 2004 Olympic Games and the 2008 Olympic Games. In the latter he swam the final, freestyle, leg for the New Zealand team which finish fifth in the final of Men's 4 x 100 metre medley relay.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19658222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658222" title="Paul Furniss">
Paul Furniss

Paul Furniss (born in 1944) is an Australian jazz musician who has been recognised internationally. He is regarded as one of Australia's best jazz musicians. He is a noted clarinetist and saxophonist but can play a number of instruments including clarinet, flute, soprano, alto and tenor saxophones.
Early life.
Furniss was educated at Homebush Boys High School in Sydney. After high school, Furniss worked as an electrical engineer until the advent of the Jazz Studies program at the NSW Conservatorium of Music, when he became involved both as a student and lecturer. Furniss also studied with the prominent jazz musician Don Burrows.
Career.
In 1975, Furniss became an inaugural member of Tom Baker's "San Francisco Jazz Band".
In 1979, Furniss took over the leadership of the Jazz Band.
In 1982, Furniss was chosen to join Bill Dillard's band for the show "One Mo' Time", which ran for several months in both Melbourne and Sydney. He toured with Dillard and the Blue Serenaders in Australia the following year for the Victorian Arts Council.
He has also played for the Sidney Bechet Society in New York.
In 2004, Furniss played in leading Australian jazz musician Graeme Bell's reunion band. He has also played with other notable jazz artists such as Dave Dallwitz.

</doc>
<doc id="19658227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658227" title="Trochomorphidae">
Trochomorphidae

Trochomorphidae is a family of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Gastrodontoidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
This family has no subfamilies (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
Distribution.
The distribution of Trochomorphidae includes eastern-Palearctic, India, south-eastern Asia, Australian and Polynesia.
Anatomy.
In this family, the number of haploid chromosomes lies between 26 and 30 (according to the values in this table).
Genera.
Genera within the family Trochomorphidae include:
Some authors place the following two genera in this family, instead of in the family Zonitidae.
Cladogram.
The following cladogram shows the phylogenic relationships of this family to other families within the limacoid clade:

</doc>
<doc id="19658234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658234" title="Gastrodontidae">
Gastrodontidae

Gastrodontidae is a family of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the clade Eupulmonata (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
This family has no subfamilies (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
Distribution.
Distribution of Gastrodontidae include Nearctic, western-Palearctic, eastern-Palearctic, Neotropical and Hawaii.
Anatomy.
Some snail species in this family use love darts made of cartilage.
In this family, the number of haploid chromosomes lies between 26 and 30 (according to the values in this table).
Genera.
Genera within the family include:
Cladogram.
A cladogram showing phylogenic relations of families in the limacoid clade:

</doc>
<doc id="19658237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658237" title="Chronidae">
Chronidae

Chronidae is a family of air-breathing land slugs, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Gastrodontoidea within the clade Eupulmonata (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
Distribution.
Distribution of Chronidae include eastern-Palearctic, Ethiopian, Malagasy, India, south-eastern Asia, Australian and Polynesian.
Genera.
Genera within the family Chronidae include:
Cladogram.
The following cladogram shows the phylogenic relationships of this family with the other families within the limacoid clade:

</doc>
<doc id="19658240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658240" title="Pristilomatidae">
Pristilomatidae

Pristilomatidae is a taxonomic family of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Gastrodontoidea.
According to the 2005 taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi these snails belong to the "limacoid clade", and Vitreinae is a synonym for Pristilomatidae, although Vitreinae used to be a subfamily of Zonitidae. Family Pristilomatidae has no subfamilies (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
Distribution.
The distribution of Pristilomatidae includes the Nearctic, the western-Palearctic and eastern Palearctic, the Neotropical, Polynesia and Hawaii.
Genera.
Genera within the family Pristilomatidae include:
Cladogram.
The following cladogram shows the phylogenic relationships of this family to the other families within the limacoid clade:

</doc>
<doc id="19658257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658257" title="Dyakiidae">
Dyakiidae

Dyakiidae is a family of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Dyakioidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
Dyakiidae is the only family in the superfamily Dyakioidea. This family has no subfamilies.
Some of the species in this family are sinistral (left-handed) in their shell coiling.
Distribution.
The family Dyakiidae is endemic to Sundaland in Southeast Asia.
Anatomy.
In this family, the number of haploid chromosomes is between 26 and 30 (according to the values in this table).
The family also includes "Quantula striata", the only known terrestrial gastropod to emit light.
The Digestive system characteristics are as follows. The buccal mass is small. The jaw is smooth. The stomach is very simple with weak muscles (as is the case in the majority of land snails). (These anatomical characteristics also include the family Staffordiidae which was considered part of the Dyakiidae at the time the study was done).
Genera.
The family Dyakiidae includes the following 11 genera, with a total of 82 species (71 species until 2007 + 11 new species in 2009):
Cladogram.
The following cladogram shows the phylogenic relationships of this family and superfamily with the other families within the limacoid clade:

</doc>
<doc id="19658265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658265" title="Staffordiidae">
Staffordiidae

Staffordiidae is a family of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Staffordioidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
Staffordiidae is the only family in the superamily Staffordioidea. This family has no subfamilies (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
Staffordiidae is a poorly known family, because it occurs only in the Dafla Hills area of India. The fauna and flora of that area is very insufficiently known in general.
Various sources consider the family Staffordiidae as part of Dyakiidae or Ariophantidae/Dyakiinae.
Distribution.
The distribution of the Staffordiidae includes only India in the Dafla Hills.
This area is close to northern margin of the Indian plate. The historical area of origin of the Staffordiidae is not surely known, because the possible coastal area in southern Asia is considered to have become uninhabitable after the Indian Plate and Eurasian Plate collided 50 and 55 million years ago. The original ancestral area of limacoid families is thought to be the Palaearctic region and south-eastern Asia. Thus it has been hypothetized that the Staffordiidae colonized its current area from the southern margin of the Asian part of the Eurasian Plate during the Oligocene.
Genera.
Genera within the family Staffordiidae include:
The generic name "Staffordia" is in honor of Brigadier-General Stafford, who was in command of the punitive force which entered the Dafla Hills for the first time in the winter of 1874-1875.
The foot of "Staffordia" is pointed. The peripodial margin is simple with a narrow pale margin. There are small right and left shell-lobes.
Reproductive system of "Staffordia": the dart-sac is small, globose, with a long cord-like attachment to a coronal gland. The penis is simple. The spermatheca is long.
The radula of "Staffordia" has aculeate lateral teeth.
Comparison of shells of three "Staffordia" species:
Cladogram.
Staffordiidae is considered as sister group of all other families in the limacoid clade.
The following cladogram shows the phylogenic relationships of this family and superfamily to the other families within the limacoid clade:
References.
This article incorporates public domain text from the reference.

</doc>
<doc id="19658301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658301" title="Crotch (disambiguation)">
Crotch (disambiguation)

Crotch may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19658326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658326" title="Burlesque in Harlem">
Burlesque in Harlem

Burlesque in Harlem (also released as "Rock & Roll Burlesque" and "A French Peep Show") is a 1949 revue film directed by William D. Alexander that features a cast of singers, dancers and comedians who were prominent on the so-called chitlin' circuit of vaudeville theaters and nightclubs that exclusively presented African American talent.
The plotless film is hosted by Dick Barrow, who sings "Juice Head Baby", and the main headliner is the comedian Pigmeat Markham, who performs a sketch called "The Love Making Bureau". 
Other performers in the cast include the dancer Gertrude "Baby" Banks, the singers Jo Jo Adams and Hucklebuck Jones, the striptease contortionist Tarza Young, and the tap dance duo Slip and Slide.
Plot.
The master of ceremonies, Dick Barrow, invites the audience to a special "bronze burlesque," which consists of a series of performances from strip-tease dancers, burlesque singers and the club comedians. The dance duo Slip and Slide does a soft-shoe routine. There is also a comedy sketch by Dewey "Pigmeat" Markham involving a "love-making bureau".

</doc>
<doc id="19658330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658330" title="Igor Strelkov">
Igor Strelkov

Igor Sergeyevich Strelkov () (born March 21, 1982) is a Russian footballer. He last played for FC Luch-Energiya Vladivostok.

</doc>
<doc id="19658334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658334" title="Archaeopteryx (evolutionary tree visualization and analysis)">
Archaeopteryx (evolutionary tree visualization and analysis)

Archaeopteryx is an interactive computer software program, written in Java, for viewing, editing, and analyzing phylogenetic trees. This type of program can be used for a variety of analyses of molecular data sets, but is particularly designed for phylogenomics. 
Besides tree description formats with limited expressiveness (such as Newick/New Hamphshire, Nexus), ATV also implements the phyloXML format.
Archaeopteryx is the successor to the tree viewer ATV.

</doc>
<doc id="19658347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658347" title="Roanoke Marshes Light">
Roanoke Marshes Light

Roanoke Marshes Light was a screw-pile lighthouse in North Carolina.
History.
Little is recorded about this light, which was replaced in 1955 with an automated light on a shorter tower. It marks the south entrance to the channel through Croatan Sound, to the east of a marshy shoal extending from the western shore. Ironically this places it in the deepest bottom in the area.
There was a predecessor light on this site, beginning in 1857. The pictured light, of conventional screw-pile construction, was lit in 1877. When the light was decommissioned, an unsuccessful attempt was made by a private party to move it, but the house was lost in the sound.
In 2004, a replica of the light was dedicated at the Roanoke Island Maritime Museum in Manteo, North Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="19658373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658373" title="Pharmascience">
Pharmascience

Founded by the pharmacists Morris Goodman and Ted Wise in 1983, Pharmascience is a leading manufacturer of generic drugs in Canada.
As a privately owned company, Pharmascience's annual sales exceed CAD$700 million and employ more than 1,300 people. Investment in research and development at Pharmascience amounts to CAD$30 million annually. In fact, Pharmascience has been among Canada's top 100 corporate R&D spenders since 2006.
The R&D laboratory and production facilities are located in Montreal, Quebec as well as two offices abroad (Ukraine, Vietnam).
History.
1983 Founded by two Montreal pharmacists (Morris Goodman and Ted Wise).
R&D activities began with 5 employees.
1988 Acquisition and workplace planning of drug production facility in Montreal.
1994 Establish Eastern European Business Office in Kiev, Ukraine.
1996 Investment of CAD$3 million in the creation of modern research laboratories of a pilot production plant in Montreal.
1998 Investment of CAD$8 million in the acquisition of a building to set up head office, administrative business headquarters and operational facility in Montreal.
1999 Investment of CAD$3 million for construction of an ultra-modern distribution centre, opposite the head office in Montreal.
2000 Establishment of a government partnership (Investment Quebec and Employment Quebec).
2001 Investment of CAD$150 million in a major expansion project.
2003 Investment of CAD$12 million to acquire Pangeo, a Quebec pharmaceutical company, and to hire approximately 125 employees.
2007 Opened Vietnam Representative Office.
2008 Pharmascience celebrates its 25th year of operations.
2011 Investment of close to CAD$40 million: Inauguration of new facilities in Montreal and creation of 180 jobs.
Acquisition of Aegera Therapeutics, a Montreal-based clinical-stage biotechnology company.
2012 Class A Certification - Operational Excellence.
Morris Goodman.
Morris Goodman graduated from the Université de Montréal as a licensed pharmacist at the young age of 21. He co-founded with Ted Wise Pharmascience Inc. in 1983 with three staff members on their payroll and managed to reach $650,000 of gross sales in the first year of business. As a young pharmacist the enterprising Dr. Goodman started manufacturing and distributing pharmaceutical products under his own business the Winley-Morris group. In 1971, having great success and growth with his company, he got an offer, from an American company, to buy his enterprise and Winley-Morris group became ICN. With Morris Goodman as CEO of this new company, he was once again in a position to develop many new, innovative, and much needed medicines for all Canadians. After 11 successful years at ICN, it was decided that Mr. Goodman and ICN would part ways, so at the young age of 52, he decided to create Pharmascience Inc. Today Pharmascience employs over 1300 employees and has recorded sales of more than $700 million in this last fiscal year.
Ted Wise.
Ted S. Wise is a pharmacist by profession. Mr. Wise holds a Bachelor of Science in Pharmacy from the University of British Columbia and Licentiate in Pharmacy in Québec. He has more than forty years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry. He worked at Ayerst Laboratories, Winley-Morris Ltd. and ICN Canada. He was primarily responsible for the marketing, sales and business development of the Innovative Business Unit. In 1981, he left ICN as its Executive Vice-President of Marketing and Sales. Mr. Wise co-founded Pharmascience Inc. in 1983 and also served as its President and Vice-Chairman. He has been the Chairman of the Board and Independent Director of Paladin Labs Inc. since 1995.
David Goodman.
Dr.Goodman is the Chief Executive Officer of Pharmascience Inc. He holds a B.Sc. degree in Commerce from McGill University and a Ph.D. in pharmacology from the University of Virginia. Upon graduation, he began his career at Pharmascience in Business Development and gained significant experience in progressively senior International and domestic roles. Under Dr. Goodman’s leadership, Pharmascience has gone from being a strictly Canadian company to becoming an important player on the global stage, with worldwide sales now in excess of $700 million – a growth rate of 12,2 % over the past five years (2007-2011).

</doc>
<doc id="19658392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658392" title="Pavel Golyshev">
Pavel Golyshev

Pavel Sergeyevich Golyshev (, born July 7, 1987) is a Russian footballer currently playing for FC Tom Tomsk.
He is a brother of Dmitri Golyshev.

</doc>
<doc id="19658495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658495" title="2008 TC3">
2008 TC3

It was the first time that an asteroid impact had been predicted prior to its entry into the atmosphere as a meteor.
Discovery.
The asteroid was discovered by Richard A. Kowalski at the Catalina Sky Survey (CSS) 1.5-meter telescope at Mount Lemmon, north of Tucson, Arizona, USA, on October 6, 06:39 UTC, 19 hours before the impact.
It was notable as the first such body to be observed and tracked prior to reaching Earth. The process of detecting and tracking a near-Earth object, an effort sometimes referred to as Spaceguard, was put to the test. In total, 586 astrometric and almost as many photometric observations were performed by 27 amateur and professional observers in less than 19 hours and reported to the Minor Planet Center, which issued 25 Minor Planet Electronic Circulars with new orbit solutions in eleven hours as observations poured in. On October 7, 01:49 UTC, the asteroid entered the shadow of the Earth, which made further observations impossible.
Impact predictions were performed by University of Pisa's CLOMON 2 semi-automatic monitoring system as well as Jet Propulsion Laboratory's Sentry system. Spectral observations that were performed by astronomers at the 4.2-meter William Herschel Telescope at La Palma, Canary Islands are consistent with either a C-type or M-type asteroid.
Entry.
The meteor entered Earth's atmosphere above northern Sudan at 02:46 UTC (05:46 local time) on October 7, 2008 with a velocity of at an azimuth of 281 degrees and an altitude angle of 19 degrees to the local horizon. It exploded tens of kilometers above the ground with the energy of 0.9 to 2.1 kilotons of TNT over a remote area of the Nubian Desert causing a large fireball or bolide.
"The Times" reported that the meteor's "light was so intense that it lit up the sky like a full moon and an airliner away reported seeing the bright flash." A webcam captured the flash lighting up El-Gouna beach 725 kilometres north (see this webcam frame). A low-resolution image of the explosion was captured by the weather satellite Meteosat 8. The Meteosat images place the fireball at . Infrasound detector arrays in Kenya also detected a sound wave from the direction of the expected impact corresponding to energy of 1.1 to 2.1 kilotons of TNT. Asteroids of this size hit Earth about two or three times a year.
The trajectory showed intersection with Earth's surface at roughly though the object was expected to break up perhaps west as it descended, somewhat east of the Nile River, and about south of the Egypt–Sudan border.
According to U.S. government sources U.S. satellites detected the impact at 02:45:40 UT, with the initial detection at at altitude and final explosion at at altitude. These images have not been publicly released.
Recovered fragments (Almahata Sitta meteorite).
Search.
A search of the impact zone that began on December 6, 2008, turned up of rock in some 600 fragments. These meteorites are collectively named Almahata Sitta, which means "Station Six" in Arabic and is a train station between Wadi Halfa and Khartoum, Sudan. This search was led by Peter Jenniskens from the SETI Institute, California and Muawia Shaddad of the University of Khartoum in Sudan and carried out with the collaboration of students and staff of the University of Khartoum. The initial 15 meteorites were found in the first three days of the search. Numerous witnesses were interviewed, and the hunt was guided with a search grid and specific target area produced by NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, California.
Analysis.
Samples of the Almahata Sitta meteorite were sent for analysis to a consortium of researchers led by Jenniskens, the Almahata Sitta consortium, including NASA Ames in California, the Johnson Space Center in Houston, the Carnegie Institution of Washington, and Fordham University in New York City. The first sample measured was an anomalous ultra-fine-grained porous polymict ureilite achondrite, with large carbonaceous grains. Reflectance spectra of the meteorite, combined with the astronomical observations, identified asteroid 2008 TC3 as an F-type asteroid class. These fragile anomalous dark carbon-rich ureilites are now firmly linked to the group of F-class asteroids. Amino acids have been found on the meteorite.
Full circle.
Richard Kowalski, who discovered the object, received a tiny fragment of Almahatta Sitta, a gift from friends and well-wishers on the Minor Planet Mailing List, which Kowalski founded in order to help connect professional and amateur astronomers.

</doc>
<doc id="19658517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658517" title="Hannah McLean">
Hannah McLean

Hannah McLean (born 1 July 1981 in London, England) is a New Zealand swimming competitor. She won a bronze medal in the 200m backstroke at the 2006 Commonwealth Games.
She also competed at the 2004 Olympic Games.

</doc>
<doc id="19658532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658532" title="Behavioral communication">
Behavioral communication

Behavioral Communication is a psychological construct that addresses people's use of day-to-day behaviors as a form of communication. Specifically, it refers to people's tendency to express feelings, needs, and thoughts by means of indirect messages and behavioral impacts.
Any behavior (or its absence when one is expected) may be judged as communicative if it has the intent to convey a message. For example, an expressive hairstyle, a show of a certain emotion, stonewalling (emotional withdrawal), or simply doing (or not doing) the dishes all can be means by which people may convey messages to each other. 
The construct of behavioral communication is conceived as a variable of Individual differences. This means that some people more than others tend to engage in behavioral communication in spite of the plausible alternatives of using verbal communication.
A measure of the construct, The Behavioral Communication Questionnaire (M. Ivanov, 2008), has been introduced at the Society for Personality Assessment conference in March, 2008.
The conceptual framework of the construct has been presented at Western Psychological Association Conferenc e in April, 2008. 
In March 2010, a manuscript detailing the construct and its measurement has been published by the journal of Personality and Individual Differences, an official scientific journal for the International Society for the Study of Individual Differences. This manuscript is authored by Michael Ivanov, Ph.D. and by Paul D. Werner, Ph.D., professor of psychology from the California School of Professional Psychology at Alliant International University. 
The current citation of this article: Ivanov, M., & Werner, P. D. Behavioral communication: Individual differences in communication style. Personality and Individual Differences (2010), 
A second phase of the research into behavioral communication has been completed in 2012. In this study, the role of behavioral communication was explored within the context of romantic relationships and within a larger array of personality and communication variables. The report has been published as a part of the doctoral dissertation titled "Perceptual Agreement: Reality and Illusion in Romantic Relationships" by Michael Ivanov, Ph.D. Researchers and other interested parties are welcome to contact the author for more information. 

</doc>
<doc id="19658545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658545" title="People's Democracy Party (disambiguation)">
People's Democracy Party (disambiguation)

People's Democracy Party could refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19658548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658548" title="Halin graph">
Halin graph

In graph theory, a Halin graph is a type of planar graph. It is constructed from a tree that has at least four vertices, none of which have exactly two neighbors. The tree is drawn in the plane so none of its edges cross; then edges are added that connect all its leaves into a cycle. Halin graphs are named after German mathematician Rudolf Halin, who studied them in 1971, but the cubic Halin graphs had already been studied over a century earlier by Kirkman.
Construction.
A Halin graph is constructed as follows. Let formula_1 be a tree with more than three vertices, such that no vertex of formula_1 has degree two (that is, no vertex has exactly two neighbors), embedded in the plane. Then a Halin graph is constructed by adding to formula_3 a cycle through each of its leaves, such that the augmented graph remains planar.
Examples.
A star is a tree with exactly one internal vertex. Applying the Halin graph construction to a star produces a wheel graph, the graph of a pyramid. The graph of a triangular prism is also a Halin graph: it can be drawn so that one of its rectangular faces is the exterior cycle, and the remaining edges form a tree with four leaves, two interior vertices, and five edges.
The Frucht graph, one of the two smallest cubic graphs with no nontrivial graph automorphisms, is also a Halin graph.
Properties.
Every Halin graph is 3-connected, meaning that it is not possible to delete two vertices from it and disconnect the remaining vertices. It is edge-minimal 3-connected, meaning that if any one of its edges is removed, the remaining graph will no longer be 3-connected. By Steinitz's theorem, as a 3-connected planar graph, it can be represented as the set of vertices and edges of a convex polyhedron; that is, it is a polyhedral graph. And, as with every polyhedral graph, its planar embedding is unique up to the choice of which of its faces is to be the outer face.
Every Halin graph is a Hamiltonian graph, and every edge of the graph belongs to a Hamiltonian cycle. Moreover, any Halin graph remains Hamiltonian after deletion of any vertex.
Because every tree without vertices of degree 2 contains two leaves that share the same parent, every Halin graph contains a triangle. In particular, it is not possible for a Halin graph to be a triangle-free graph nor a bipartite graph.
More strongly, every Halin graph is almost pancyclic, in the sense that it has cycles of all lengths from 3 to "n" with the possible exception of a single even length. Moreover, any Halin graph remains almost pancyclic if a single edge is contracted, and every Halin graph without interior vertices of degree three is pancyclic.
Every Halin graph has treewidth at most three. Therefore, many graph optimization problems that are NP-complete for arbitrary planar graphs, such as finding a maximum independent set, may be solved in linear time on Halin graphs using dynamic programming.
The weak dual of an embedded planar graph has vertices corresponding to bounded faces of the planar graph, and edges corresponding to adjacent faces. The weak dual of a Halin graph is always biconnected and outerplanar. This property may be used to characterize the Halin graphs: an embedded planar graph is a Halin graph, with the leaf cycle of the Halin graph as the outer face of the embedding, if and only if its weak dual is biconnected and outerplanar.
History.
In 1971, Halin introduced the Halin graphs as a class of minimally 3-vertex-connected graphs: for every edge in the graph, the removal of that edge reduces the connectivity of the graph. These graphs gained in significance with the discovery that many algorithmic problems that were computationally infeasible for arbitrary planar graphs could be solved efficiently on them, a fact that was later explained to be a consequence of their low treewidth.
Prior to Halin's work on these graphs, graph enumeration problems concerning the cubic Halin graphs were studied in 1856 by Thomas Kirkman and in 1965 by Hans Rademacher. Rademacher calls these graphs based polyhedra. He defines them as the cubic polyhedral graphs with "f" faces in which one of the faces has "f" − 1 sides. The graphs that fit this definition are exactly the cubic Halin graphs.
The Halin graphs are sometimes also called roofless polyhedra, but, like "based polyhedra", this name may also refer to the cubic Halin graphs. The convex polyhedra whose graphs are Halin graphs have also been called domes.

</doc>
<doc id="19658566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658566" title="Sieve (disambiguation)">
Sieve (disambiguation)

A sieve is a tool to separate materials of one characteristic (for example, liquids) from materials of another (for example, solids). Some kinds of sieves are also called "strainers."
While sieves are most commonly known as kitchen utensils, there are many other kinds of sieves.

</doc>
<doc id="19658568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658568" title="Artyom Varakin">
Artyom Varakin

Artyom Igorevich Varakin () (born April 21, 1987) is a Russian footballer who currently plays for FC Olimpia Gelendzhik in the Russian Second Division.

</doc>
<doc id="19658588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658588" title="Go at the 2008 World Mind Sports Games">
Go at the 2008 World Mind Sports Games

The ancient board game of Go was one of the 5 mind sports which featured at the inaugural World Mind Sports Games, held in Beijing, China in October 2008. Thirty-five gold medals were vied for by 2,763 competitors (560 of whom were Go players), from 143 countries.
Note that the sections below show only the latter stages of the competition, after the qualifying rounds.
Men's Individual.
up to 5 players per team.
Women's Individual.
up to 3 players per team.
Open.
2 amateur players per team.
Men's Team.
5 players with 1 substitute per team. (5 separate games per round, team with 3+ game wins wins 
Women's Team.
3 players with 1 substitute per team. (3 separate games per round, team with 2+ game wins wins the round).
Pair Go.
1 male-female pair playing alternate moves without consultation

</doc>
<doc id="19658589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658589" title="RapidShare">
RapidShare

RapidShare is a one-click hosting service that offers both free and commercial services. Operating from Switzerland, it is financed by the subscriptions of paying users. RapidShare claimed in 2009 to have 10 petabytes of files uploaded by users to its servers and that it was able to handle up to three million users simultaneously.
History.
RapidShare was founded by Christian Schmid, who also took over management of the company after longtime CEO and COO Bobby Chang left in April 2010.
RapidShare's original site was RapidShare.de, using the German top-level domain ".de". Later a second site, RapidShare.com, was started. It operated in parallel with RapidShare.de for several years. On March 1, 2010, RapidShare.de was shut down, and users visiting the site were forwarded to RapidShare.com. Files hosted on RapidShare.de were no longer available for download.
Rapidshare has its central office in Baar, Switzerland
In 2010, RapidShare was said to have hundreds of millions of visitors per month and to be among the 50 most popular Internet sites. 
Law suits by the owners of copyrighted content shared via Rapidshare, and the takedown of file hoster Megaupload, caused Rapidshare to revise its business model. The company changed its focus to B2B cloud storage services, but a drop in revenue led to a reduction in staffing by three quarters in May 2013. By 2014 its Alexa ranking had sunk below 1,400.
Operation and services.
Upon uploading, the user is supplied with a unique download URL which enables anyone with whom the uploader shares the URL to download the file. No user is allowed to search the server for content.
In April 2008, RapidShare had 5.4 petabytes of storage for users. In March 2010 it stated, after a 120 Gbit/s upgrade, to have 600 Gbit/s of bandwidth.
Registration and payment allow benefits such as unlimited download speed, immediate download (instead of experiencing a waiting period), download of several files simultaneously, queue skipping, the facility to interrupt and restart downloads, uploading, downloading bigger files up to 2 GB and to store up to 50 GB of data that cannot expire.
Before 1 July 2010, there was a rewards program that allowed the user to trade "RapidPoints" for a selection of products depending on the number of points the user had collected. On June 18, 2010, RapidShare announced that it would stop this program along with RapidDonations on July 1, 2010, to avoid the impression it rewarded its users for uploading copyrighted material.
There are restrictions on downloads by non-account holders. Examples include a 167-minute waiting (increased in 2011 from 15–20 minutes) time between downloads and a 5-minute (previously 1-minute) waiting period for each download once the user's waiting time between downloads has refreshed.
Software.
RapidShare offers two computer programs to simplify file managing:
RapidShare Uploader.
This software allows queuing of uploads. However, it cannot resume interrupted uploads. It is available for Windows and runs without installation.
RapidShare Manager.
This software has many more features than the Uploader, especially queuing and resuming the upload as well as the downloads. The version linked on the site works with Windows Vista and 7, Mac, and Linux. An older official client is also available for Windows XP, which may be obtained upon request from RapidShare or alternatively from various third-party sources. 
RapidShare does not restrict automatic downloads to their downloader, however, they do not provide technical support to third-party downloaders as they do for RapidShare Manager.
Legal issues.
Views on RapidShare differ to a great extent. On 19 January 2007, the German performance rights organisation GEMA claimed to have won a temporary injunction against both RapidShare.de and RapidShare.com. "The latter is said to have used copyright protected works of GEMA members in an unlawful fashion."
RapidShare started to check newly uploaded files against a database of files already reported as illegal. By comparing the files' MD5-hash the site would now prevent illegal files from being reuploaded. While this would be sufficient under United States law, it was later established in court that under German law it is not. That decision forced RapidShare to check all the uploaded files before publishing them.
In April 2009, RapidShare handed over to major record labels the personal details of uploaders who uploaded copyright-protected files. The incident is reported to have arisen due to a leak of a pre-release copy of metal band Metallica's "Death Magnetic" album.
A month later, RapidShare stated on their website: "we will not spy out the files that our clients faithfully upload onto RapidShare, not now nor in future. We are against upload control and guarantee you that your files are safe with us and will not be opened by anyone else than yourself, unless you distribute the download link."
Six global publishers have obtained an injunction against Swiss-based RapidShare AG. Plaintiffs in the case were Bedford, Freeman and Worth Publishing Group, LLC a subsidiary of Macmillan; Cengage Learning Inc.; Elsevier Inc; John Wiley & Sons, Inc.; The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc.; and Pearson Education, Inc. The judgment handed down by a German court in Hamburg on February 10, 2010, and effective on February 17, 2010, ordered RapidShare to implement measures to prevent illegal file sharing of the 148 copyright-protected works cited in the lawsuit, which was filed on February 4, 2010. The court ruled that RapidShare must monitor its site to ensure the copyrighted material is not being uploaded and prevent unauthorized access to the material by its users. The company will be subject to substantial fines for non-compliance.
The US government's congressional international anti-piracy caucus stated that the site was "overwhelmingly used for the global exchange of illegal movies, music and other copyrighted works".
By contrast, the Düsseldorf higher regional court has twice overturned injunctions filed by the German film and DVD rental company, Capelight Pictures (Ref. I-20 U 166/09; I-20 U 8/10). The court declared that the file hoster could not be held liable for publication of copyright protected material by third parties and revoked the injunction initially upheld by the Düsseldorf district court in the main proceedings. The court also indicated that a file hoster is not obliged to use a word filter as this would also prevent legal copying for private use.
In May 2010, the District Court Southern District of California, in its legal case (09-CV-2596H WMC) between the publisher of an online erotic magazine and RapidShare, rejected the filling of a temporary injunction against the file hoster. The presiding judge turned down the application because the plaintiff failed to make a credible case for a direct infringement of copyright or for RapidShare having supported copyright violations.
In the 2009 - 2010 legal case "Atari Europe S.A.S.U. v. Rapidshare AG" in Germany, the Düsseldorf higher regional court reached the conclusion on appeal that "most people utilize RapidShare for legal use cases" and that to assume otherwise was equivalent to inviting "a general suspicion against shared hosting services and their users which is not justified".
The court also observed that the site removes copyrighted material when asked, does not provide search facilities for illegal material, noted previous cases siding with RapidShare, and after analysis concluded that the plaintiff's suggestions for preventing sharing of copyrighted material were "unreasonable or pointless". It also judged that RapidShare could not be held liable for copyright infringements by its users, and that while the service was legal, a minority of illegal use could not be prevented by other measures proposed - for example keyword-based filtering (which would prevent legal use), manual review of uploads (not feasible), or IP analysis (as IPs are often dynamic and change).
In December 2010, in response to the congressional international anti-piracy caucus' press release and the German court ruling, RapidShare enlisted the services of Dutko Worldwide to lobby its interests in the United States Congress.
In March 2012, the Hamburg higher regional court upheld three earlier decisions that the file hoster could be held liable for publication of copyright protected material by third parties.
Downloads.
On February 24, 2012, Rapidshare announced that due to a surge in illegal traffic in response to the Megaupload seizure, it had limited all free accounts to a total of 30 kbit/s maximum download speed. As of August 2012 this restriction has been lifted for an unspecified amount of time. Previously in order to lift the download cap it suggested users purchase a RapidPro account. Since October 2012, free users can download like premium users (with no speed limit).

</doc>
<doc id="19658621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658621" title="Artur Rylov">
Artur Rylov

Artur Igorevich Rylov () (born April 12, 1989) is a Russian footballer who plays for FC Rotor Volgograd.

</doc>
<doc id="19658657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658657" title="1980 Rose Bowl">
1980 Rose Bowl

The 1980 Rose Bowl was a college football bowl game played on January 1, 1980. It was the 66th Rose Bowl Game. 
The USC Trojans, champions of the Pacific-10 Conference, defeated the Ohio State Buckeyes, champions of the Big Ten Conference, 17-16. USC running back Charles White was named the Rose Bowl Player of the Game (for a second time, having shared the previous game's award with Rick Leach), rushing for a record 247 yards, including the game-winning touchdown with little more than a minute remaining in the contest. USC, having suffered a shocking 21-21 tie with Stanford (in a game in which they led 21-0) that cost them the #1 ranking, finished ranked #2 behind Alabama. 
The game received a 28.6 Nielsen Rating, making it one of the highest-rated college football games of all time. 
Scoring summary.
1st Quarter scoring: USC – Eric Hipp 41-yard field goal
2nd Quarter scoring: USC – K. Williams 53-yard pass from Paul McDonald (Hipp kick); OSU – Janakievski 35-yard field goal; OSU – Murray 67-yard pass from Art Schlichter (Janakievski kick)
3rd Quarter scoring: OSU – Janakievski 37-yard field goal
4th Quarter scoring: OSU – Janakievski, 24-yard field goal; USC – Charles White 1-yard run

</doc>
<doc id="19658714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658714" title="Even Stephen (play)">
Even Stephen (play)

Even Stephen is a play written by Nathanael West and S. J. Perelman in 1934. The play is a three act satire dealing with the adventures of Diana Breed Latimer, a best-selling novelist, who visits a women's college in New England to research her next book, an exposé of the romantic lives of young women on campus. The play has never been produced or published, and is currently collected with other Perelman and West papers at Brown University, which they both attended.
Production attempts.
West and Perelman finished the play in the summer of 1934 and hoped the play might be staged on Broadway that fall, but it was rejected by several producers, including Max Gordon. In 1936 West sent Perelman a letter repeating an earlier suggestion to try and find an agent for the play. He suggested that if Perelman thought it would damage their reputations, they could use a pseudonym, perhaps "Diana Breed Latimer", the play's protagonist. After West's death in 1940 Perelman revised the play, but no one was interested in producing it.

</doc>
<doc id="19658768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658768" title="Mark Melancon">
Mark Melancon

Mark David Melancon ( ; born March 28, 1985) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Pittsburgh Pirates of Major League Baseball.
Early years.
Melancon was born in Wheat Ridge, Colorado and attended Golden High School, where he lettered all four years in baseball and basketball and three times in football. He helped the team capture the Colorado 4A State Championship in baseball. Melancon was named to the All-State Team twice in his career (as well as twice in football and once in basketball), and graduated as a member of the National Honors Society.
Melancon was drafted by the Los Angeles Dodgers in the 30th round of the 2003 Major League Baseball Draft. Melancon didn’t sign, instead following through on his commitment to the University of Arizona.
College career.
As a member of the Arizona Wildcats baseball team, Melancon set a single-season freshman record by making 29 appearances, and followed that by going 2-0 with two saves in five postseason appearances. While pitching for the USA National Team over the summer, Melancon made 10 appearances and led the club with five saves. 
Melancon was given Arizona’s closer’s job as a sophomore, appeared in 34 of the team’s 60 games, and set a new single-season record with 11 saves.
In 2006 he set the school’s career saves record in the second game of the year. Melancon came down with elbow pain which was ultimately diagnosed as a strained elbow ligament. He didn’t require surgery; however, he was shut down in early April and didn’t pitch the rest of the season. Melancon finished his college career with 18 saves.
Professional career.
Draft.
Melancon was drafted by the New York Yankees in the ninth round of the 2006 Major League Baseball Draft.
Minor leagues.
Melancon pitched for the Yankees Single-A Staten Island Yankees in 2006. He missed the entire 2007 season after having Tommy John surgery in October 2006. 
In 2008 he pitched for three of the Yankees minor league affiliates: the Single-A Tampa Yankees, Double-A Trenton Thunder and Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre Yankees, going 8-1 with a 2.27 ERA in 41 relief appearances, holding batters to a .202 batting average. Following the season, "Baseball America" rated him the organization's ninth best prospect.
New York Yankees (2009-2010).
Melancon was called up to the majors for the first time on April 25, . He made his major league debut as a relief pitcher against the Boston Red Sox on April 26, pitching two scoreless innings. He was optioned back to Triple-A on May 8, and recalled on July 9. Melancon played in 13 games with an 0-1 record and a 3.86 ERA during his time in the Majors in 2009. Although he was not on the 25-man active roster for the postseason, he got his first World Series ring as the Yankees won the World Series over the Phillies.
Melancon started the 2010 season in the minors and made 2 appearances in the Majors accumulating an ERA of 9.00 in 2 relief appearances with the Yankees.
Houston Astros (2010-2011).
Melancon was traded along with Jimmy Paredes to the Houston Astros for Lance Berkman on July 31, 2010. For the rest of 2010 with the Astros, Melancon went 2-0 with a 3.12 ERA in 20 relief appearances. Overall in 2010 combined with two teams, Melancon made 22 total appearances going 2-0 with a 4.22 ERA.
In 2011, Melancon experienced more playing time in the Majors as he appeared in 71 games with a 8-4 record, 20 saves, and a 2.78 ERA.
Boston Red Sox (2012).
On December 14, 2011, Melancon was traded to the Boston Red Sox for infielder Jed Lowrie and starter Kyle Weiland. After only his first four appearances in 2012, where his ERA was 49.50, Melancon was optioned to Triple-A Pawtucket on April 18, the day after he gave up six runs, including three home runs, without recording an out against the Texas Rangers. Melancon was recalled June 10 after an injury to Rich Hill. During his time in the Majors with the Red Sox in 2012, Melancon finished the season 0-2 and a 6.20 ERA and 1 save in 41 appearances.
Pittsburgh Pirates (2013-present).
On December 26, 2012 the Red Sox traded him (along with Stolmy Pimentel, Jerry Sands and Iván DeJesús, Jr.) to the Pittsburgh Pirates for Brock Holt and Joel Hanrahan. Although he was selected to the National League All-Star team, Melancon did not pitch in the game. After Jason Grilli went on the disabled list, Melancon was named the acting closer for the Pirates. Melancon's 2013 season became stellar with a 1.39 ERA, a 3-2 record, and 16 saves. In Game 3 of the 2013 National League Division Series, Melancon got his first career postseason win but the Pirates would end losing the series to the St. Louis Cardinals after a deciding 5 games.
Personal.
Melancon's wife, Mary Catherine, gave birth to their first child, Brooklyn Marie, on September 27, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19658770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658770" title="Aleksei Melyoshin">
Aleksei Melyoshin

Aleksei Vladislavovich Melyoshin () (born January 30, 1976) is a retired Russian footballer. Currently, he works as a coach at FC Spartak Moscow football academy.

</doc>
<doc id="19658800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658800" title="Isabelle Carbonell">
Isabelle Carbonell

Isabelle Carbonell is an American documentary photographer and filmmaker based out of Washington D.C. She is trilingual in English, French, and Spanish. She graduated from the Residential College at the University of Michigan with degrees in Environmental and Social Science, Photography and Filmmaking. Her documentary work has taken her to countries such as Cuba, Mexico, Vietnam, the Dominican Republic, India, Qatar, Uruguay, and Argentina.
Carbonell has participated in numerous photo exhibitions and film festivals such as the DC Film Festival, Athens International Film and Video Festival, and Gasparilla Film Festival, and has been featured in a Michigan Difference PSA. She is noted for her work with NGO Crossing Borders in Vietnam, and has been discussed in numerous press articles including the New York Times, the Michigan Daily, and the University of Michigan LSA Magazine, as well as being featured in a Local Point television interview.
Her work has been published in several places including "Skipping Stones Magazine", "Gourmet.com", "Convergence Journal", and the "Oleander Review"; she received special and honorable mentions in the World Health Organization's photo competition and the Islands 19th Annual Photo Contest.

</doc>
<doc id="19658803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658803" title="Aristida adscensionis">
Aristida adscensionis

Aristida adscensionis is a species of grass known by the common name Sixweeks threeawn. It is native to the Americas but it is distributed nearly worldwide. It grows easily in disturbed and waste areas and has potential to become a weed. 
Description.
This annual bunchgrass is quite variable in appearance, its size and shape determined largely by environmental conditions. It grows in a tuft to heights between 5 and 80 centimeters. It forms a narrow inflorescence of spikelets, each fruit with three awns.

</doc>
<doc id="19658837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658837" title="Kathryn Mead">
Kathryn Mead

 
 
Kathryn Mead (born 14 February 1977 in Nelson, New Zealand) is a shooting competitor for New Zealand. 
At the 2006 Commonwealth Games she won a bronze medal in the 50m Rifle Prone Pairs event with Juliet Etherington.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19658839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658839" title="Alonso Brito">
Alonso Brito

Alonso Brito (born 1950) is a Latin, alternative, salsa singer, songwriter born in Havana, Cuba. The Los Angeles Times has compared him to “part Mick Jagger, part Caetano Veloso, and part Desi Arnaz on acid” and as a face for Los Angeles salsa music. During his time in Miami as a socialite he was known to have owned many nightclubs and rubbed shoulders with the likes of Barry Gibb and Donald Fagen.
Life and music career.
Early life.
Brito was born in La Havana, Cuba in 1950. At the age of 10, a year after Fidel Castro took power in 1960, Brito was forced to leave due to political and civil unrest. 
Moving to Miami at a young age he attended an all-boys Catholic prep school. Somewhat Catholic he still practiced Buddhism as well as Afro-Cuban Santería.
Musical Rise.
Brito's first instrument was the drum, which he played in psychedelic rock bands.
He fronted hard-working bands such as Watchdog and Beat Poets, dabbling in styles from smooth jazz, reggae, and British pop to a Latin-tinged style dubbed "troparock."
In Miami, he was known as Dennis Britt; an eclectic musician, nightclub manager, and a night time socialite who rubbed shoulders with the likes of Barry Gibb and Donald Fagen. After separating from his wife he became a fixture of the Miami music scene during the '80s and '90s. "The singer spent his life as a bohemian troubadour, playing in bars, working in various bands and writing songs."
As a respected songwriter he moved to Nashville in the 90’s to help write songs for Raul Malo and The Mavericks; contributing to the country band’s Grammy-award winning playlists writing for their song “Things I Cannot Change.”
Alonso Brito moved to Los Angeles in 2006, signed with Candor Entertainment and is currently working on the record Santo Bueno to be released in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19658857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658857" title="2008–09 Ball State Cardinals men's basketball team">
2008–09 Ball State Cardinals men's basketball team

The 2008-09 Ball State Cardinals men's basketball team was a NCAA Division I college basketball team competing in the Mid-American Conference.

</doc>
<doc id="19658866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658866" title="Thyrophorellidae">
Thyrophorellidae

Thyrophorellidae is a family of small air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Punctoidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
Genera.
The family Thyrophorellidae has no subfamilies.
Genera within the family Thyrophorellidae include:
The type genus is "Thyrophorella" Greef, 1882.

</doc>
<doc id="19658874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658874" title="Modibo Keita (born 1953)">
Modibo Keita (born 1953)

Modibo Keita is a Malian politician, born in 1953. He was Prime Minister of Mali for just less than three months, from 18 March 2002 to 8 June 2002, The final Premier under Malian president, Alpha Oumar Konaré.

</doc>
<doc id="19658880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658880" title="Ann Arleklo">
Ann Arleklo

Ann Arleklo (born 1953) is a Swedish politician of the Social Democratic Party. She has been a member of the Riksdag since 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19658882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658882" title="Christen Bentsen Schaaning">
Christen Bentsen Schaaning

Christen Bentsen Schaaning (or Skaaning) (c. 1616-1679) was a priest at Avaldsnes in Norway from 1635-1679. He was probably born in Scania which was then ruled by Denmark-Norway.
On the 1 July 1630, Christirnus Benedicti Scanus was taken up as a student. Before he came to Avaldsnes he was priest on a ship. Christen was reportedly a priest who earned the respect of the people, and he was present at many royal celebrations. One time, he asked the King for funds to repair his church which had gone into decline. To add to his income, he got involved with herring-trade, even though it was outlawed. 
Family.
He had a large family of 10 children who settled around different villages in Karmøy, resulting in many further descendants. In his second marriage he was married to Kirsten Lauritsdatter of the noble Galtung-family, sister to famous admiral Lauritz Galtung. Christen's oldest son, Bernt, even became a priest after his father, however, he had "en slem Vane hengiven til Drik" ("a bad habit devoted to drinking"), which gave him a tarnished reputation.

</doc>
<doc id="19658892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658892" title="Cystopeltidae">
Cystopeltidae

Cystopeltidae is a family of air-breathing land slugs, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Punctoidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005). 
Genera and species.
The family Cystopeltidae has no subfamilies. Genera and species within the family Cystopeltidae include: 

</doc>
<doc id="19658895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658895" title="Jeffrey W. Schroeder">
Jeffrey W. Schroeder

Jeffrey W. Schroeder is the current Chief Administrative Officer (CAO) of Goldman Sachs & Company in New York. Mr. Schroeder graduated from Stanford University and received a master's degree in public and private management from Yale University.

</doc>
<doc id="19658897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658897" title="Punctidae">
Punctidae

Punctidae, common name the "dot snails", is a family of minute air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the informal group Sigmurethra (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
Genera.
The family Punctidae has no subfamilies (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
The family Punctidae includes the following genera:

</doc>
<doc id="19658910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658910" title="VAMP5">
VAMP5

Vesicle-associated membrane protein 5 also known as VAMP5 is a human gene which encodes a member of the synaptobrevin protein family.
Function.
VAMPs (synaptobrevins) along with syntaxins and the 25-kD synaptosomal-associated protein are the main components of a protein complex involved in the docking and/or fusion of vesicles and cell membranes. The VAMP5 gene is a member of the vesicle-associated membrane protein (VAMP)/synaptobrevin family and the SNARE superfamily. This VAMP family member may participate in vesicle trafficking events that are associated with myogenesis.

</doc>
<doc id="19658921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658921" title="2008–09 Polish Cup">
2008–09 Polish Cup

Polish Cup 2008–09 was the fifty-fifth season of the annual Polish cup competition. It began on July 30, 2008 with the Extra Preliminary Round and ended on May 19, 2009 with the Final, played at Stadion Śląski, Chorzów. The winners qualified for the third qualifying round of the UEFA Europa League. Legia Warszawa were the defending champions.
Extra Preliminary Round.
Eight of the 32 teams which had qualified on regional levels competed in this round.
The matches were played on 30 July 2008.
Preliminary round.
The four winners of the Extra Preliminary Round and the 24 remaining teams qualified through regional levels competed in this round.
The matches were played on 13 August 2008.
Round 1.
The fourteen winners of the Preliminary Round, along with the eighteen teams from 2007–08 II Liga, competed in this round.
The matches were played on 26 and 27 August 2008.
Note 1: The draw was conducted prior to the merger of Polonia Warszawa and Dyskobolia Grodzisk Wielkopolski. Upon completion of the merger, Stal Stalowa Wola, who were originally to play former II Liga side Polonia Warszawa, were awarded a walkover to the next round.
Round 2.
The sixteen winners of Round 1, along with the sixteen teams from 2007–08 Ekstraklasa, competed in this round.
Round 3.
The sixteen winners of Round 2 competed in this round.
Quarterfinals.
The quarterfinals were played in two legs. The first legs were played on March 4, 17 and 18, 2009 while the second legs took place on April 7 and 8, 2009.
Second legs.
"Ruch Chorzów won 5–1 on aggregate"
"Polonia Warsaw won 3–2 on aggregate"
"Legia Warsaw won 4–2 on aggregate"
"Lech Poznan won 3–1 on aggregate"
Semifinals.
The semifinals were also played in two legs. The first legs were played on April 29 and 30, 2009, while the second legs took place on May 6 and 7, 2009.
Second legs.
"2–2 on aggregate, Lech Poznań won 3–0 on penalties"
"Ruch Chorzów won 2–0 on aggregate"

</doc>
<doc id="19658941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658941" title="Anastomopsidae">
Anastomopsidae

†Anastomopsidae is an extinct family of fossil gastropods in the superfamily Punctoidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
Genera.
The family Anastomopsidae has no subfamilies.
Genera within the family Anastomopsidae include:

</doc>
<doc id="19658945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658945" title="Shevchenko (disambiguation)">
Shevchenko (disambiguation)

Shevchenko is primarily referred to the Ukrainian surname Shevchenko.
Also often in honor of the Ukrainian poet Taras Shevchenko it may refer to the following.

</doc>
<doc id="19658949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19658949" title="List of lakes named Paw Paw Lake">
List of lakes named Paw Paw Lake

Paw Paw Lake or variants is the name of several lakes and one settlement in the United States:
The largest and best known Paw Paw Lake is Paw Paw Lake in Berrien County, Michigan. The settlement around the lake is a census-designated place: Paw Paw Lake, Michigan. 
Other places with the name:

</doc>
<doc id="19659029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659029" title="Aristida californica">
Aristida californica

Aristida californica is a species of grass known by the common names California threeawn and Mojave threeawn. It is native to the Mojave Deserts and Sonoran of northern Mexico and California and Arizona. 
Description.
"Aristida californica" is a clumpy, hairy grass forming bushy tufts up to about 40 centimeters tall in its sandy habitat. The inflorescence contains hard spikelets with a long beak at the tip and awns up to 4.5 centimeters long.

</doc>
<doc id="19659041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659041" title="UUA (disambiguation)">
UUA (disambiguation)

UUA or Unitarian Universalist Association is a liberal religious association of Unitarian Universalist congregations.
UUA or Uua may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19659052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659052" title="Sofia Arkelsten">
Sofia Arkelsten

Sofia Arkelsten (born 6 December 1976 in Stockholm) is a Swedish politician. A member of the Moderate Party, she was previously party secretary of the Moderate Party from 1 October 2010 until her immediate resignation on 20 April 2012. She has been a member of the Swedish Riksdag since 2006, representing Stockholm Municipality.
Career.
Early career.
Arkelsten previously worked on Svensk Handel and on ICA Sweden as director of communications.
She was previously active in municipal politics in Stockholm, including the Environment and Health Committee, Maria-Gamla stans District and the City Council. Between 1998-1999 she was the Chairman of student organization Free Conservative Lawyers.
Party Secretary.
On 1 October 2010 she replaced Per Schlingmann as party-Secretary of the Moderate Party. On 20 April 2012 she resigned of her own accord.
Personal life.
Sofia Arkelsten was born in Stockholm. In April 2011 she married Olof Torvestig and she is an outspoken vegetarian. Her first child, a daughter, was born on 25 November 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19659083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659083" title="Pinto (disambiguation)">
Pinto (disambiguation)

Pinto is a Portuguese surname.
Pinto may also refer to:
In places:

</doc>
<doc id="19659085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659085" title="Williams Island Dam">
Williams Island Dam

Williams Island Dam is located on the James River in the independent city of Richmond, Virginia. Just below the dam, seven miles (11 km) of rapids mark the descent of the river downstream through the geological fall line region to the navigable tidal portion below Richmond, which extends southeast to Hampton Roads. 
Williams Island Dam was built in 1905 as part of a drinking water project of the City of Richmond which made use of a portion of the former James River and Kanawha Canal along the north shore of the river west of Richmond. A gravity dam, its height is . Its normal storage capacity is estimated to be . It was connected with an early waterworks building which is located on Pumphouse Drive just west of the city's Boulevard Bridge. 
Williams Island Dam is wholly located within the city's James River Park System. Williams Island, which separates the two sections of the dam, is a wildlife preserve and has the nest of a Bald Eagle. According to the James River Park website, Richmond is the only capital city in the lower 48 states to have an eagle nesting inside the corporate limits.

</doc>
<doc id="19659114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659114" title="Mahesh Hemantha">
Mahesh Hemantha

Mahesh Hemantha was a Sri Lankan cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman.
Hemantha made his first-class debut during the Saravanamuttu Trophy competition of 1991-92, playing for Kalutara Physical Culture Centre. Hemantha's career began unsteadily, though in the last of his six matches for the team, in their only year of first-class cricket, he hit a career-best 163, which single-handedly accounted for nearly 70 percent of the total number of runs he scored in his entire first-class career - and the best first-class score for any Kalutara player.
While Kalutara did not enter first-class cricket the following season, Hemantha switched teams to play for Antonians Sports Club. Hemantha slotted into the lower order for most of the games he played for Antonians, he played his final three innings as an opener alongside team-mate Pathmanath Perera.

</doc>
<doc id="19659129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659129" title="Nepicastat">
Nepicastat

Nepicastat (INN, codenamed SYN117, RS-25560-197) is an inhibitor of dopamine beta-hydroxylase, an enzyme that catalyzes the conversion of dopamine to norepinephrine.
It has been studied as a possible treatment for congestive heart failure, and appears to be well tolerated as such. As of 2012, clinical trials to assess nepicastat as a treatment for post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) and cocaine dependence have been completed.

</doc>
<doc id="19659131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659131" title="John Bremer">
John Bremer

John Bremer is an internationally-known educator and Socratic philosopher who has been professionally involved with education and teaching for more than half a century. Now in his elder years, in 2008 he retired as a senior scholar teaching at Cambridge College in Cambridge, Massachusetts where he was Professor of Humanities and Director of the College's Humanities and Freedom Institute. Professor Bremer founded Cambridge College in 1971 when it was then known as the "Institute of Open Education" at Newton College of the Sacred Heart. He now lives full time in Vermont where he continues his research and writing.
John Bremer was born in England, living in London during The Blitz, and served in the Royal Air Force during World War II building airfields in England. He holds advanced degrees from the Pembroke College, Cambridge, England, the University of Leicester and St. John's College, U.S.. Professor Bremer came to the USA in 1951 on a Fulbright Fellowship.
In the 1960s Professor Bremer gained international recognition for creating the Parkway Program, in Philadelphia, the first School Without Walls as documented in a book by the same name. The school was featured in Time Magazine in its March 23, 1970 edition.
He was Killam Senior Fellow at Dalhousie University in Halifax and later Commissioner of Education for British Columbia, Canada in 1973.
In 1975, when a professor of Education at Western Washington University he founded the Institute of Socratic Study where Professor Bremer was its director until he moved to Australia in 1980 to found the Education Supplement for "The Australian" newspaper.

</doc>
<doc id="19659160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659160" title="TWD (disambiguation)">
TWD (disambiguation)

TWD is the currency code of the New Taiwan dollar, the official currency of the Taiwan Area of the Republic of China
TWD may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19659220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659220" title="Fern Crest Village, Florida">
Fern Crest Village, Florida

Fern Crest Village is an unincorporated community in Broward County, Florida, United States. It is located near the intersection of I-595 and the Turnpike.
Geography.
It is located at , its elevation .

</doc>
<doc id="19659236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659236" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Spokane County, Washington">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Spokane County, Washington

List of entries on the National Register of Historic Places in Spokane County, Washington
__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="19659245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659245" title="Ulla Andersson (politician)">
Ulla Andersson (politician)

Ulla Andersson (born 1963) is a Swedish politician of the Left Party. She has been a member of the Riksdag since 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19659253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659253" title="Horse Heaven, Oregon">
Horse Heaven, Oregon

Horse Heaven is a ghost town in Jefferson County in the U.S. state of Oregon. The settlement, which had a post office from 1938 to 1946, is east of Madras and east of Ashwood.
According to a letter written in 1946 by the Horse Heaven postmaster, Frank E. Lewis, the name for the settlement stemmed from herds of horses that thrived on the local grasses and drank from unfenced springs. Mary E. Finnall, the first postmaster, received the Horse Heaven mail twice a week from Ashwood. Homesteaders settled in the general vicinity, but most had moved away by 1946, when the post office closed. Horse Heaven Mountain and Horse Heaven Creek take their name from the settlement.
After two men discovered cinnabar, an ore of mercury, in the area in 1933, mercury production began there in 1934. Two years later, Horse Heaven Mines, a subsidiary of Sun Oil Company, took over and continued mining until 1944, when fire destroyed the ore-processing furnace, power plant, and other structures. The mine closed in 1945 but re-opened in 1955 with a new furnace. Much of the mine collapsed between then and 1958, when the mine closed again.
The Horse Heaven Mine site covers about . A seasonal residential cabin as well as outbuildings and historic structures related to the mining era are nearby. Most of the mining and processing equipment is gone. In 2005 the Oregon Department of Environmental Quality recommended remedial action involving mercury and arsenic in mine wastes at the site.

</doc>
<doc id="19659269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659269" title="Front mobile group">
Front mobile group

A front mobile group is a grouping of several tank armies as a primary armoured force of the Front commander for use in developing breakthroughs during an offensive, particularly in achieving strategic goals. Usually forming the second echelon, and employing from one to three tank armies, these were used with great success by the Red Army during the fighting on the Eastern Front of the Second World War. On occasion when either the tank army was unavailable, or the terrain was not suitable for the employment of large number of tanks and self-propelled artillery, only a cavalry mechanized group was used. The Front mobile group was usually used to deepen the penetration of the enemy front 70-100km or more. The organisation of the Front mobile group was retained by the Soviet Army during the Cold War in the Group of Soviet Forces in Germany known as second echelon tank forces. The employment of the tank armies is intended to create a local numerical superiority on a narrow front of 3-5:1 in manpower, 6-8:1 in tanks and artillery, and 3-5:1 in Combat aircraft.

</doc>
<doc id="19659302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659302" title="Hexagonal pyramid">
Hexagonal pyramid

In geometry, a hexagonal pyramid is a pyramid with a hexagonal base upon which are erected six triangular faces that meet at a point (the apex). Like any pyramid, it is self-dual.
A right hexagonal pyramid with a regular hexagon base has "C"6v symmetry.
A right regular pyramid is one which has a regular polygon as its base and whose apex is "above" the center of the base, so that the apex, the center of the base and any other vertex form a right triangle.

</doc>
<doc id="19659317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659317" title="Oi Thalassies oi Hadres">
Oi Thalassies oi Hadres

Oi Thalassies oi Hadres (, "The Blue Beads") is a 1967 Greek musical film, directed by Giannis Dalianidis and starring Zoe Laskari, Kostas Voutsas, Martha Karagianni, Faidon Georgitsis, Giannis Vogiatzis and Mary Chronopoulou. At the time of its release it was among the most expensive films ever made in Greece and one of the most commercially successful Greek films.
Plot.
Mary (Zoe Laskari) is a rich young lady that challenges problems in a traditional folk neighbourhood in Plaka, Athens, when she moves to play modern music in a store opposite a traditional taverna, where Fotis (Faidon Georgitsis), a bouzouki player, works along with Kostas (Kostas Voutsas), Sofia (Mary Chronopoulou) and others. The gang of the taverna soon turns against Mary, for the reason that she alters the character of the neighbourhood. Eventually, Fotis falls in love with Mary, but his friends margin him as he seems willing to sacrifice everything for her in order to be accepted by her social circles. A second love story involves in the film, as Eleni (Martha Karagianni), sister of Fotis, tries to attract Kostas using various ways.
Production.
After the success that the 1966 film "Diplopenies" made abroad, Finos Film's main goal was to make a film addressing to the foreign market and for this reason director Giannis Dalianidis was asked to include more elements of the Greek culture in this musical film, in order to diversify it from the American musical films and make it attractive for the general public. In addition to this, the production company spent a large amount of money to make the film more glamorous, an element that was absent for the great majority of the Greek films of the era.
Several talented and famous actors were engaged in this film, including some of the most brilliant Greek stars who portrayed the major roles, while composer Mimis Plessas and singer Giannis Poulopoulos surrounded the characters of the film producing a great musical result.
Cast.
Starring:
and
Guest star:
In this movie, Faidon Georgitsis and Mary Chronopoulou made their first appearance ever in a musical film. Almost identically the main cast of the film, Zoe Laskari, Kostas Voutsas, Martha Karagianni, Faidon Georgitsis, Giannis Vogiatzis and Mary Chronopoulou starred in the 1968 hit of Finos Film and Giannis Dalianidis, "Mia Kyria sta Bouzoukia".
Major themes.
The main subject of the film is the influx of foreign cultural elements in the Greek society in the 1960s, like the music genres of pop and rock. In the film this influx shocks the traditional neighbourhood of Plaka in Athens, infuriates and alarms the people who occupy with the laïkó music style. It also demonstrates the liberation of women, as part of the feministic ideology that arrives in Greece, as the main female character of the movie is a young woman from the upper class, who forms her own cohort along with her female friends and brings new mores in an old-fashioned local society.
Release.
The film released in Greek cinemas on February 20, 1967 and made 531,278 tickets in Greece, ranked 3rd for the season 1966-67. The film was also screened in the Cannes Film Festival and was received with enthusiasm by the audience, although it did not officially contest. Especially, Zoe Laskari was seen as an international celebrity and paparazzi followed her everywhere during her stay in Cannes.

</doc>
<doc id="19659321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659321" title="Louis Karunaratne">
Louis Karunaratne

Louis Karunaratne was a Sri Lankan cricketer who played for Kalutara Physical Culture Centre. He made six first-class appearances for the team, during the Saravanamuttu Trophy competition of 1991-92. He took 3-59 with the ball in the first innings in which he bowled during his career.
While he struggled with the bat early on in the campaign, he scored a first-class best of 36 in the fourth match he played, against Sinhalese Sports Club.

</doc>
<doc id="19659331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659331" title="Tony Coyle">
Tony Coyle

Tony Coyle (born 29 October 1976) is a retired South African footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="19659342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659342" title="Brooklyn Artists">
Brooklyn Artists

List of Brooklyn Artists.
A partial list of artists who are either active in Brooklyn or hail from Kings County.
Steve Buscemi - Film and television actor and director
Kyle Bobby Dunn - Composer, sound artist and arranger 
Jonathan Safran Foer - Writer
Jhumpa Lahiri - Author
Jonathan Lethem - Writer
Mark Morris - Modern dancer, choreographer and director 
Lynn Nottage - Playwright
David Salle - Painter and leading contemporary figurative artist
Stephen Shames - Photographer 
Danny Simmons - Abstract-expressionist painter
Sufjan Stevens - Singer-songwriter and musician
John Turturro - Actor
Colson Whitehead - Novelist
Jeffrey Wright - Film and stage actor 
Andrea Zittel - Installation artist
Arts Organizations.
Brooklyn Academy of Music - America's oldest continuously operating performing arts center, founded in 1861
Brooklyn Arts Council - The umbrella for Brooklyn’s range of cultural groups and individual artists working in the visual, performing, media, and literary arts
Brooklyn Bridge Park Film Festival - Annual event in Downtown Brooklyn sponsored by the Brooklyn Bridge Park Conservancy
DUMBO Arts Center - Contemporary arts organization that sponsors annual Arts Under the Bridge Festival
South of the Navy Yard Artists - Non-profit organization of visual artists living, creating, and exhibiting in the Ft. Greene, Clinton Hill, Wallabout, and Bedford Stuyvesant neighborhoods of Brooklyn
Mark Morris Dance Group - Dance company known around the world that offers classes for adults and children in its state-of-the-art dance facility
Heart of Brooklyn - A partnership of the leading cultural institutions located near Grand Army Plaza
BRIC Arts|Media|Bklyn - Presents, produces and enables a wide array of quality visual, performing and media arts programs
Brooklyn Music School - Provides on-site instruction in music and dance, public school outreach programs, and professional performances

</doc>
<doc id="19659348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659348" title="Rhubarb forcer">
Rhubarb forcer

Rhubarb forcers are bell shaped pots with a lid covered opening at the top. Used to cover rhubarb to limit photosynthesis, they encouraging the plant to grow early in the season and also to produce blanched stems. The pots are placed over two to three year old rhubarb crowns during winter or very early spring. Once shoots appear the lid is taken off, causing them to grow towards the light.
Around 18 inches high and 14 inches wide without the lid, they are traditionally made of terracotta but can be as simple as an upside down plastic bucket.

</doc>
<doc id="19659364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659364" title="Ann-Christin Ahlberg">
Ann-Christin Ahlberg

Ann-Christin Ahlberg (born 1957) is a Swedish politician of the Social Democratic Party. She has been a member of the Riksdag since 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19659366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659366" title="Marco Medel">
Marco Medel

Marco Antonio Medel de la Fuente (born June 6, 1989 in Santiago, Chile) is a Chilean footballer, who in 2007 He does his first apparition for the Chilean team Audax Italiano. He is part of the Chilean National team U-20 that will participate in the South American tournament to be played in Venezuela. From this tournament, the representatives of South America to the U-20 World Cup will be known.
Club career.
Colo-Colo.
During the summer transfer window of 2011 reports began to emerge in late January that a deal had been reached to bring Medel to Colo-Colo in a barter with Audax Italiano that included the goalkeeper Francisco Prieto. On 31 January, it was announced that he completed his move to Colo-Colo in a one-year loan with purchase option, without the barter of Prieto. 
Medel made his competitive debut in a 5–2 loss with Cerro Porteño as a starter, playing the full 90 minutes in a Copa Libertadores match, on 17 February 2011. Despite of his very good talent, he made a poor season, under the coach Américo Gallego, scoring only one goal in a 1–1 draw with Deportes Iquique in eight games that he played during the Apertura Tournament.
In the second semester of 2011, after the departure of Gallego, Medel was more considered in the starting lineup by the interim coach Luis Pérez for the Clausura Tournament.
International career.
In January 2009, Medel was nominated by the coach Ivo Basay for play in the South American Youth Championship at Venezuela, in this tournament was a key player in the scheme of the coach, but unfortunately Chile was eliminated in the first round.
In July 2009, again was nominated by Basay to the youth national team for play with Chile, now in the Toulon Tournament. Once more Medel was a key player in the team, but now proclaiming champion of this tournament along with his teammates.
On 2 September 2011, Medel was called up by the coach Jaime Vera for play in the national team against Mexico at the Alfonso Lastras Ramírez Stadium. He played in a U-25 team that was tested for find alternatives in the adult team for the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualification. The match played against Mexico was won 3–1.

</doc>
<doc id="19659367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659367" title="Chengjiang County">
Chengjiang County

Chengjiang County (Chinese: officially 澂江县; often spelled 澄江县; pinyin: "Chéngjiāng Xiàn"; earlier Tchinkiang) is located in Yuxi, Yunnan Province, China, just north of Fuxian Lake.
Within evolutionary biology, and especially paleontology, Chengjiang County is noted for soft-tissue fossil finds, of the "Maotianshan Shales", dated to between 525 and 520 million years ago during the Cambrian explosion, which "are as spectacular as the Burgess Shale fauna, and significantly older". These fossils are considered one of the most important fossil finds of the 20th Century. Not only do they contain an exquisite degree of detail, but they also cover a diverse range of fauna, and are of significance in attempts to understand the evolution of life on Earth. 
The fossils were first discovered by Hou Xian-guang, who is a Professor at Yunnan University, Kunming, where he is Director of the Research Center for Chengjiang Biota. Previously he was a Professor at the Palaeontological Institute, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Nanjing.
Chengjiang is an underdeveloped county having rich phosphate deposits that are found both above and below the formation holding the lagerstatte. They have been exploited in part through efforts that began at about the same time that Hou Xian-guang discovered the deposits that bear these exceptional fossils, with phosphate mining bringing in some 2/3 of the county's revenue in 2003. Efforts were made to close the region to mining in a bid to support the county's bid for listing as a World Heritage site, given the scientific significance of the fossils. A consequence of this was renewed mining efforts in the region, which threatened the fossil-bearing strata due to erosion, slumping of overburden, and simple destruction by the mining efforts. Chengjiang County faces the dilemma between calls for preservation of the treasure trove of early Cambrian fossils to which it is steward and the economic reliance it has on the phosphate industry, and the difficulty of finding a balance between exploitation and restoration of the land while this is still possible.

</doc>
<doc id="19659369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659369" title="Georg J. Lober">
Georg J. Lober

Georg John Lober (1892 – December 14, 1961) was an American sculptor.
Background.
Born in Chicago, Illinois in 1892, Lober moved to Keyport, New Jersey as a teenager. He later married Eleanor Campbell, daughter of Thomas and Anna (McGarry) Campbell and had one son. Lober studied sculpture at the Beaux-Arts Institute of Design and at the National Academy of Design, and was an apprentice of Mount Rushmore sculptor Gutzon Borglum.
Career.
His bas reliefs of Robert Fulton and Henry Hudson in 1909 were his first major works. A bronze statue of Eve that he created for the 1939 New York World's Fair in Flushing, Queens was destroyed by vandals. A 1949 sculpture of Thomas Paine is located in Morristown, New Jersey's Burnham Park.
He was appointed to the New York City Municipal Art Commission in 1942, and served as its executive secretary from 1943 to 1960. The Arts Commission was responsible for supervising the artistic quality of all city matters ranging from lamp posts to schools to bridges. He was tasked in 1946 by Mayor of New York City William O'Dwyer to restore portraits in New York City Hall that had deteriorated severely. A June 1950 editorial in "The New York Times" thanked Lober and the Art Commission, saying that they "deserve a pat on the back for their careful and painstaking work" in preserving the city's heritage for future generations.
Lober created an eight-foot-tall seated figure of Hans Christian Andersen on a granite bench for New York City's Central Park, that was cast in bronze at Long Island City's Modern Art Foundry at a cost of $50,000 that was a gift of schoolchildren from Denmark. The statue was designed to accompany an outdoor center for story-telling, and was placed on a 40-foot square stone platform surrounded by benches, trees and shrubs. The $75,000 cost of the monument was covered in part by contributions from Danish and American schoolchildren.
Composer Oscar Hammerstein II was the chairman of a committee that selected Lober and architect Otto Lanmann to develop a statue of composer, playwright, and actor George M. Cohan that sits in Duffy Square on Broadway at the northern end of Times Square in Midtown Manhattan. The statue was formally unveiled and dedicated on September 11, 1959 by Mayor Robert F. Wagner.
Lober lived at 33 West 67th Street in Manhattan, and died on December 14, 1961, and was interred in St. Joseph's Cemetery in Keyport.
Denmark.
In 1912, Lober created an emblem for the Rebild National Park (Danish: "Rebild Bakker"] in Rebild, Region Nordjylland, Denmark. He also made a bronze relief of Abraham Lincoln that is located in Rebild National Park. A bronze portrait of native son Hans Christian Andersen is in the Odense Museum. Denmark recognized Lober in 1950 with an appointment as a Knight of the Order of the Dannebrog.

</doc>
<doc id="19659373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659373" title="Grillenbanner">
Grillenbanner

Grillenbanner ("Banisher of Gloom"), opus 247, is a waltz composed by Johann Strauss II. Strauss himself conducted its premiere at a ball in the Sofienbad-Saal in February 1861. The work was dedicated to Prince Leopold of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha.

</doc>
<doc id="19659426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659426" title="K. Mendis">
K. Mendis

K. Mendis (first name and birthdate unknown) was a Sri Lankan cricketer who played for Kalutara Physical Culture Centre.
Mendis made four first-class appearances for the team, during the Saravanamuttu Trophy competition of 1991-92. Mendis took figures of 2-49 on his debut, the only two wickets he took in his short career.
Mendishad to wait until his final first-class appearance to achieve his best batting total of 34, at which point he had moved from the lower batting order to the opening order, alongside Mahesh Hemantha.

</doc>
<doc id="19659434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659434" title="Huaning County">
Huaning County

Huaning County (华宁县; pinyin: Huáníng Xiàn) is located in Yuxi, Yunnan Province, China.

</doc>
<doc id="19659436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659436" title="Du und du">
Du und du

Du und Du ("Thou and Thou", or alternatively, "You and You"), opus 367, is a waltz composed by Johann Strauss II in 1874. The waltz features themes from Strauss' operetta Die Fledermaus. The title of the piece, as well as one of its melodies, was taken from the famous Dui-du chorus in "Bruderlein, Bruderlein und Schwesterlein" (Act Two).

</doc>
<doc id="19659438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659438" title="List of Sahitya Akademi Award winners for Marathi">
List of Sahitya Akademi Award winners for Marathi


</doc>
<doc id="19659441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659441" title="2000 Kipawa earthquake">
2000 Kipawa earthquake

The 2000 Kipawa earthquake was a 5.2 magnitude earthquake that struck Quebec and Ontario, Canada at 6:22 a.m. on Saturday, January 1, 2000. It occurred in the Western Quebec Seismic Zone.
The main shock epicenter was located in Lake Kipawa about north of Témiscaming in southwestern Quebec and northeast of North Bay, Ontario. The shaking associated with this earthquake was strongest within of the epicenter. It was felt in Témiscaming, North Bay and as far away as Toronto, making it one of the most significant earthquakes in Canada in 2000. The earthquake was triggered by major thrust faults associated with the Ottawa-Bonnechere Graben. A total of 17 aftershocks were recorded.
Minor damage was reported during this earthquake, including fallen light objects, a damaged ventilation pipe and fractures in plaster.
The earthquake's epicenter was very close to the epicenter of the 1935 Timiskaming earthquake and lies in a group of 76 located earthquakes since 1935.

</doc>
<doc id="19659442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659442" title="Crying for a Christmas (song)">
Crying for a Christmas (song)

"Crying for a Christmas" is a song written by the first American Idol songwriting winners Scott Krippayne and Jeff Peabody. The song was written in 2007 and the original recorded version was performed by Scott Krippayne.
Background.
After writing their winning song This Is My Now for Jordin Sparks, Krippayne and Peabody were asked by the youth group at New Day Church in NE Tacoma, Washington to write a song to accompany a video the youth group was producing for the church's Christmas Eve service. The pair teamed up to write something as a labor of love for the congregation, with no intention of ever giving it a wider audience. After Krippayne finished recording the song in November 2007, Peabody sent it to Seattle radio station KCMS to see if there was any interest in it. That very day, the station added it to their playlist and kept it in heavy rotation through the holiday season. Sarah Taylor, music director for KCMS, said, "Christmas can be a very lonely time of year - and this song offers the hope we all need. We had to add it."
Given the station's enthusiastic response, Krippayne and Peabody decided to try distributing the song on a broader scale to stations nationwide in 2008, under the Pirk Music label. It was made available as a digital download through iTunes, Rhapsody, Amazon and other online vendors.
With zero marketing budget and no song promoters to support it, the song still managed to defy industry odds: It received enough airplay to make the Billboard and Radio & Record charts in December 2008. Besides the U.S., stations in Canada, Ireland, Australia and the UK also added the song to their Christmas playlists.
External links.
1. [http://www.billboard.com]
2. [http://www.shinefm.org.uk]

</doc>
<doc id="19659451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659451" title="Constantin Langa-Răşcanu">
Constantin Langa-Răşcanu

Constantin Langa-Răşcanu was a Romanian diplomat. He was the head of the Romanian delegation at the Vienna meeting with the delegation of the Soviet Union headed by N. N. Krestinsky. 
The meeting had been convened after a preliminary discussion between Georgy Chicherin, People's Commissar of Foreign Affairs and Constantin Diamandy minister plenipotentiary of Romania. During that meeting, Georgy Chicherin had suggested that the Soviet Union recognize the unification of Bessarabia and Romania on condition that the Romanians give up the claims to the Romanian national treasure and the Romanian Crown Jewels which had been evacuated to Moscow during World War I and had not been returned. 
The Vienna meeting took place in March–April 1924. Another point of contention was the Romanian national treasure . The auspices were not favorable, as just days before the meeting, the Soviets had created the Moldavian Autonomous Oblast on March 7, 1924, apparently to reinforce their claims on Bessarabia. Constantin Langa-Răşcanu's stated that the Romanian government wanted to separate the issues of Bessarabia and of the national treasure. Langa-Răşcanu also insisted that Romania was not willing to discuss its sovereignty over Bessarabia. Krestinsky countered that the Sfatul Ţării had no right to decide the fate of the province in 1918 and he suggested that the fate of the province be decided by plebiscite. On instructions from prime-minister Ion I. C. Brătianu, Constantin Langa-Răşcanu rejected the Soviet demands and the talks collapsed.
The main assignment of Constantin Langa-Răşcanu was serving as minister plenipotentiary of Romania to Greece, where we was involved in the negotiations for the Balkan Pact. He was recalled in 1936.

</doc>
<doc id="19659475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659475" title="Jiangchuan County">
Jiangchuan County

Jiangchuan County (江川县; pinyin: Jiāngchuān Xiàn) is located in Yuxi, Yunnan Province, China.

</doc>
<doc id="19659478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659478" title="Purdue Pete">
Purdue Pete

Purdue Pete is a mascot of Purdue University. Despite his visible and constant on-field presence at Purdue sporting events, Pete is not the official mascot of the university. The official mascot of Purdue is the Boilermaker Special.
History.
Purdue Pete was first designed as a logo by the University Bookstore in 1940. They would put it on their products and portray him dressed up in different clothes for the different majors. He got the Purdue part of his name from Purdue University. The owners of the bookstores gave him the name “Pete”, yet no one officially knows why this was chosen to be his name. He was given a physical identity in 1956 as he came out and helped the students cheer at a pep rally. Over the years, the appearance of Purdue Pete has gone under several drastic changes as well as several minor changes. His original head was made of paper-mâché, pasted onto a chicken wire frame. This was very inconvenient for the person who would be underneath because it would limit his movements, yet he was still expected to move around and do stunts. This head was changed to a giant fiberglass head where the person inside would use a harness to support it. This was unpractical due to the sheer size of it. In the 1980s, Purdue Pete acquired the appearance he is now associated with. Proposals to switch to a soft-sculpture costume were rejected in 2006 and 2011.
Rowdy.
From 1997 to 2007, Purdue Pete had a sidekick named Rowdy. Rowdy was a ten-foot-tall inflatable mascot who represented a young "future Boilermaker". He was the idea of Jan Winger, Purdue's administrative assistant of athletic public relations, who was inspired by Nebraska's Lil' Red.
Design of Purdue Pete.
Purdue Pete’s uniforms are old gold and black, which are Purdue’s school colors. The hammer that Purdue Pete carries is an icon that signifies him as a boilermaker. Back in the days of the boilermakers, they would use large mallets to mold the steel into boilers or pipes or even bridges. The hammer is also a symbol of strength, power, and the determination it took to be a boilermaker. Purdue Pete’s hardhat only helps solidify this image in the minds of anyone who sees him. Purdue Pete being identified as a boilermaker helps connect him with his fellow Purdue Boilermakers in the stands. Purdue Pete’s giant head could be something used to draw attention to him, which helps him get the fans pumped up. Purdue Pete could be seen as a symbol. He is recognized as being a Boilermaker. Yet, underneath his big, iconic head, he is just a student. This is symbolic of the fact that we are also Boilermaker on the inside. Since we can’t see who is underneath, it allows the audience to put themselves in his place. The current head utilizes a fiberglass frame, but is much smaller and lighter than previous designs because it is made primarily of a composite. The newest head of Pete was designed and created by students in the Aeronautical Engineering Technology department. This is also the same department that designed the Boilermaker X-tra Special. They make several heads over the course of the year. They also fix the heads when they get damaged, whether from use or bumping into things. When the department gives the heads to the four Purdue Pete students, the heads are covered in the flesh-colored paint. It is up to the four people who portray Purdue Pete to paint the eyes and glue on the hair.
2011 Proposed redesign of Purdue Pete.
Purdue attempted to redesign Purdue Pete's costume due to concerns that the oversize head was perceived as scary by younger fans, as well as the transfer of the original designer and customizer of the Purdue Pete heads, Professor Raymond Thompson, to Dubai Aerospace university. However, since a leak of the redesigned Purdue Pete, the redesign has been met with outrage and criticism. 2008 graduate and former Purdue Pete actor John Langenkamp criticized the full body suit for being potentially very uncomfortable, and being too drastic a visual change from the previous design. Longtime John Purdue Club donor and member Bill Donovan kept most of his donations earmarked for Purdue Pete, but chose not to contribute more after the redesign of Purdue Pete. The redesign plans for Purdue Pete involve no jersey, a full body suit rather than just a head, and no hammer. At the spring 2011 Black & Gold game, despite a 67 yard field goal by a junior Carson Wiggs, the loudest fan reaction was to boo the redesigned mascot. On April 13, 2011, Purdue decided to restore the old Purdue Pete mascot design.
Function of Purdue Pete.
Purdue Pete goes to all of the football games, and the home basketball games, as well as the tournaments such as the Big Ten Bowl Games and the NCAA. Purdue Pete also makes appearances at softball, soccer, and baseball home games, but he doesn’t stay for the whole games. At the events, Purdue Pete gets the fans riled up and helps them cheer our teams to victory. He also does several skits during the games. At the basketball games, Pete does his surfing skit where he gets people to lay down on the ground and he rides a surfboard over top of them. The Purdue Petes also do several of their own made up stunts. This allows the different Petes, who all have unique personalities, to put their own touches into the performance. It typically takes about ten minutes to get completely dressed up before the games. Purdue Pete wears a basketball jersey to the basketball games and is fully decked out with football jersey and pads for the football games. He also wears his football outfit as his main clothing of choice. Besides games, Purdue Pete also goes to numerous social events. He has been to grand-openings for companies around the West Lafayette area. He goes to tailgates before games and special alumni events. If you are a special donor to the school or are visiting in the Presidential game box, you can probably expect to see Pete make a visit to the box. Although the football outfit is his main clothing style, he can wear other things for special appearances, as long as you can find clothes that fit him. For a banquet to welcome the new president of Purdue, France A. Córdova, they got Purdue Pete a tuxedo to wear.
Eligibility.
According to Arthur Smith, a spirit coordinator, "essentially anyone could be Purdue Pete", although the people who have been chosen to be Purdue Pete in the past have all been about six feet tall and weighed around one hundred and sixty pounds. Hundreds of people try out to be Purdue Pete, but only the four most qualified students are chosen in order to distribute the time and effort required. In order to keep the role of Purdue Pete, students have to pass drug tests and physicals and must maintain at least a 2.0 GPA. They are also required to go to study hall for about four hours a week. A professor has never been Purdue Pete, although there have been some requests to be Pete for a day to experience what it’s like.
Media.
Purdue Pete was recently featured in the StubHub commercial "Fantasy Football".

</doc>
<doc id="19659499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659499" title="Tullie Smith House">
Tullie Smith House

The Tullie Smith House is a small plantation or farm house, built "circa" 1840 by Robert Smith. It is typical of the usual kind of plantation houses owned by small farmers. The house was located in Dekalb County, Georgia on . The last Smith to occupy the property was Tullie, the great-great-granddaughter of Robert. By the 1960s the house was surrounded by highways and development, and was donated to the Atlanta Historical Society. The house was moved in 1969 to its present site in Atlanta on the grounds of Swan House. 
The house has been restored and is operated by the Atlanta History Center as a 19th-century historic house museum known as the Smith Family Farm. Living history presentations are given during special events.

</doc>
<doc id="19659522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659522" title="Tonghai County">
Tonghai County

Tonghai County (通海县; pinyin: Tōnghǎi Xiàn) is located in Yuxi, Yunnan Province, China.
Transport.
Bus routes:
Railway:
Geography.
In 1970, a powerful earthquake struck the area.

</doc>
<doc id="19659523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659523" title="Super Group">
Super Group

Super Group is an album by the female Japanese rock trio Shonen Knife. It was released in Japan on 7 November 2008, in the USA on 20 May 2009, and in the UK and Europe in 2010. The original Japanese CD issue was released as a mini-LP cartoon package with a gatefold and poster inside.
The album contains Shonen Knife typical Ramones-like pop punk and a cover of Paul McCartney's tune "Jet".
Track listing.
All tracks written by Naoko Yamano except "Jet," written by Paul and Linda McCartney.

</doc>
<doc id="19659544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659544" title="Maria Kornevik-Jakobsson">
Maria Kornevik-Jakobsson

Maria Kornevik-Jakobsson, born in 1953, is a Swedish politician of the Centre Party. She became a substitute member of the Riksdag in 2006. In 2007 Kornevik-Jakobsson replaced Åsa Torstensson who is on leave.

</doc>
<doc id="19659565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659565" title="Hervé-Edgar Brunelle">
Hervé-Edgar Brunelle

Hervé-Edgar Brunelle (born June 13, 1891 in Batiscan, Quebec, Canada-died May 15, 1950) was a Canadian politician and lawyer. He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons as a Member of the Liberal Party in the 1935 election to represent the riding of Champlain. He was re-elected in 1940 and 1945. He served on the House of Commons Special Committee on Reconstruction and Re-establishment and the Special Committee on Elections and Franchise Acts.

</doc>
<doc id="19659572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659572" title="Yimen County">
Yimen County

Yimen County (易门县; pinyin: Yìmén Xiàn) is located in Yuxi, Yunnan Province, China.

</doc>
<doc id="19659601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659601" title="Max Britzelmayr">
Max Britzelmayr

Max Britzelmayr (January 7, 1839 – December 6, 1909) was a German mycologist and lichenologist who was a native of Augsburg.
He spent his career as a schoolteacher and "Kreisschulinspektor" (school district administrator) in Augsburg. He is known for his research of a class of fungi known as Hymenomycetes. He also conducted investigations of lichens native to southern Bavaria, including the Allgäu Alps. 

</doc>
<doc id="19659607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659607" title="Eshan Yi Autonomous County">
Eshan Yi Autonomous County

Eshan Yi Autonomous County (; Yi: ) is located in Yuxi, Yunnan Province, China.
Ethnic groups.
The "Eshan County Almanac" (2001:110, 132) lists the following ethnic groups and their respective locations.

</doc>
<doc id="19659616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659616" title="Tonami, Gunma">
Tonami, Gunma


</doc>
<doc id="19659617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659617" title="Fostoria Glass Company">
Fostoria Glass Company

The Fostoria Glass Company manufactured pressed, blown and hand-molded glassware and tableware for almost 100 years. It began operations in Fostoria, Ohio, USA, on December 15, 1887, at South Vine Street, near Railroad, on free land donated by the townspeople. When natural resources declined in Fostoria, the company moved to Moundsville, West Virginia, in 1891.
Beginning.
The Fostoria Glass Company was incorporated in West Virginia in July 1887. The company was organized by men that had worked for the Hobbs, Brockunier and Company glass works in Wheeling, West Virginia. Lucian B. Martin was the first president. Other men in the original management team were William S. Brady, James B. Russell, Benjamin M. Hildreth, and Otto Jaeger. Former Ohio governor Charles Foster, son of the city of Fostoria's namesake, was included as a member of the board of directors.
Natural gas was a desirable fuel for glass manufacturing, and many firms were drawn to northwest Ohio during the 1880s to exploit this newly discovered resource. To take advantage of Ohio's gas boom, the new company's glass works was built in Fostoria, Ohio. The firm also received incentives of $5,000 to $10,000 cash. The factory’s furnace had a capacity of 12 pots, and originally employed 125 workers.
At least 20 glass employees relocated from Bellaire, Ohio, for the startup. These were experienced glass men such as Henry Crimmel and his brother Jacob, Hayes O’Neal, and Deacon Scroggins. Their work experience included glassmaking at the Belmont Glass Company and Hobbs, Brockunier and Company. Production began December 15, 1887, and products included tableware, bar goods, and lamps.
Move to Moundsville.
Unfortunately for the area glass factories, Northwest Ohio's gas boom was short lived. Gas shortages started occurring during the winter of 1890–91. During April 1891, Fostoria Glass executives decided to move to Moundsville, West Virginia. Moundsville was selected because of the availability of coal as a fuel for the plant—and $10,000 cash offered by the community. The move was announced in September 1891. The Fostoria plant was sold to a group of investors led by Fostoria Glass executive Otto Jaeger, and his new company was named Seneca Glass Company.
In early December, the move to Moundsville was delayed by a temporary restraining order. Several members of the Crimmel family, who owned stock in the company, filed suit. (Charles Foster was not included in the legal action.) The Crimmels, who were also employees of the company, claimed shareholders should have been consulted for the move. The attempt to stop the move was unsuccessful, and the restraining order was lifted a short time later. The Fostoria Glass Company moved by the end of December 1891, and the Seneca Glass Company began operations January 1892.
Early years.
The company's original Moundsville glass works had a furnace that could fire 14 pieces of glass at a time, considered exemplary for the period. During the early years of 1887 through 1909, Fostoria advertised that it manufactured "tableware, colognes, stationers' glassware and candelabra", as well as inkwells, sponge cups, vases, fingerbowls and fruit jars. Many of the stemware designs were needle etched or wheel cut, popular styles during the early 20th century.
By 1925, five additional furnaces were added and the company was in its heydey, manufacturing stemware, container glass, and decorative lamps, before adding a colored stemware and dinnerware product line. Fostoria struggled through the Great Depression and World War II, but survived, producing milk glass and depression ware, and the notable patterns of "Chintz" (1940), "Colony" (1940), "Romance" (1942), and "Holly" (1942). .
Production peaked in 1950 when Fostoria manufactured over 8 million pieces of glass and crystal. The company expanded in the 1950s, adding the crystal patterns "Century" (1950), "Rose" (1951), "Wedding Ring" (1953), and "Jamestown" (1959). In the 1960s and 1970s, the company's marketing campaign expanded to include boutiques and display rooms within jewelry and department stores. In addition, Fostoria published its own consumer direct magazine, "Creating with Crystal" during this period.
All U.S. Presidents from Dwight D. Eisenhower through Ronald Reagan ordered glassware from Fostoria.
Later years.
Foreign competition increased during the 1970s. In 1983, Fostoria sold its factory to Lancaster Colony Corporation of Columbus, Ohio. By 1986, Lancaster Colony closed the factory and sold the remaining stock directly to consumers.
Fostoria's best-selling pattern was "American", introduced in 1915. After the factory closure, Lancaster Colony contracted with Dalzell Viking Glass Company of New Martinsville, West Virginia, to continue manufacturing some Fostoria patterns, including "American". Thereafter, L.E. Smith Glass Company of Mount Pleasant, Pennsylvania, bought the "American" molds.
Fostoria stemware and dinnerware continue to be popular collector items, with colored pieces valued higher than clear ones of the same pattern. Earlier "American" pieces are more valuable than later ones.
The Anna B. Smith House in Moundsville was purchased by the Fostoria Glass Society of America and turned into a Fostoria museum in 1990.
Competitors.
Fostoria's chief competitors included:

</doc>
<doc id="19659636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659636" title="Xinping Yi and Dai Autonomous County">
Xinping Yi and Dai Autonomous County

Xinping Yi and Dai Autonomous County (新平彝族傣族自治县; pinyin: Xīnpíng yízú dǎizú Zìzhìxiàn) is located in Yuxi, Yunnan Province, China.
Ethnic groups.
The "Xinping County Almanac" (1993:106, 118) lists the following Yi and Hani subgroups.
There are various Tai ethnic groups in Xinping County. They include:
These 3 groups are known as the 花腰傣, or 'Flowery-waisted Tai' due to the style of their women's clothing.
The Yi people also have a significant presence in Xinping County.
Local languages include the Yuánxīn 元新 dialect of Tai Hongjin and Yi.

</doc>
<doc id="19659666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659666" title="Greatest History">
Greatest History

Greatest History is a Greatest Hits album by female Japanese rock trio Shonen Knife. It was released in Japan only.

</doc>
<doc id="19659698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659698" title="Yuanjiang Hani, Yi and Dai Autonomous County">
Yuanjiang Hani, Yi and Dai Autonomous County

Yuanjiang Hani, Yi and Dai Autonomous County () is a county of south-central Yunnan province, People's Republic of China. The county seat is the town of Lijiang (), while the county itself is under the administration of Yuxi City. It derives its name from the Red River (Asia), which is known as the Yuan River (元江) in Yunnan, and is an important provincial crossroads for access to Southeast Asia.
Ethnic groups.
Hani.
The "Yuanjiang County Almanac" (1993:81) lists the following Hani subgroups.
Yi.
The "Yuanjiang County Almanac" (1993:89) lists the following Yi subgroups.
Dai.
The "Yuanjiang County Almanac" (1993:94) lists the following Dai subgroups and their respective locations.
Bai.
The "Yuanjiang County Almanac" (1993:100) lists the following locations for ethnic Bai.
Climate.
Due to its location at the bottom of a deep mountainous river valley, Yuanjiang lies at the junction of three different climate types, namely the tropical savanna climate (Köppen "Aw"), humid subtropical climate (Köppen "Cwa") and, uniquely for China, the hot subtype of a semi-arid climate (Köppen "Bsh"). There are two main seasons: a dry season lasting from late November to early April, with mostly warm and dry weather (and the occasional cold snap) and the wet season covering May through September. The coolest months are December and January, which each average , and the hottest is June, at .

</doc>
<doc id="19659705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659705" title="Revue des Études Arméniennes">
Revue des Études Arméniennes

Revue des Études Arméniennes (in English: "Journal of Armenian Studies") is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes articles relating to Classical and medieval Armenian history, art history, philology, linguistics, and literature. The "Revue" was established in 1920 by Frédéric Macler and Antoine Meillet. Meillet himself wrote many of the articles during the formative years of the journal (1920-1933), which typically covered Armenian history, grammar, and folk tales. The "Revue" was not published from 1934 to 1963.
In 1964, thanks to the efforts of the Paris-based Armenian scholar Haïg Berbérian (1887-1978), the journal was revived. Berbérian was able to secure the financial backing of the Calouste Gulbenkian Foundation for the journal's publication, and the first volume of the "Nouvelle série" appeared under his editorship in 1964. Unlike during the first series, however, the publication of articles on the modern period of Armenian history was discontinued, and the journal has since limited its scope to the Early modern period (that is, until the 18th century).
Up until 1933, articles were published in French, but when publication resumed articles were also published in English and German. The journal uses the Hübschmann-Meillet-Benveniste system in the transcription of Armenian words into Latin characters. In addition to scholarly articles, it also publishes book reviews.
The journal's former editors were Jacques Benveniste (nominally, 1964-1975), Georges Dumézil (1975-1980), and Sirarpie Der-Nersessian (1981-1989).

</doc>
<doc id="19659715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659715" title="Against the Elements">
Against the Elements

Against the Elements is the debut album by American melodic death metal band Beyond the Embrace.

</doc>
<doc id="19659732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659732" title="Emma Henriksson">
Emma Henriksson

Emma Henriksson (born 18 November 1977) is a Swedish politician. She is a member of the Christian Democrats and was a substitute member of the Riksdag from 2006 to 2010, replacing Mats Odell when he served as Minister for Financial Markets. Since 2010, Henriksson is a member of the Riksdag by her own.
She is parliamentary group leader of her party since 2012, replacing Mats Odell.

</doc>
<doc id="19659734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659734" title="Ikkicon">
Ikkicon

IKKiCON is an annual three day anime convention held during December at the Hilton Austin in Austin, Texas. 
Programming.
The convention typically offers live entertainment, musical performances, panels, screening rooms, vendors, video games, and workshops.
History.
IKKiCON was created in 2007, originally taking the date of Ushicon, and was held at the Woodward Hotel & Conference Center. Due to high attendance numbers, IKKiCON changed venues to the Doubletree Hotel for 2008. For 2009 the convention moved to the Hilton Austin. In 2009, voice actor Greg Ayres suffered a mild heart attack while attending the convention, and later thanked the staff for its response to the emergency. For 2010 and 2010/11 the convention remained at the Hilton Austin, until for 2011/12 the convention moved to the AT&T Executive Education and Conference Center. The convention returned to the Hilton Austin for 2012 and 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19659740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659740" title="Spidercam">
Spidercam

The Spidercam is a system which enables film and television cameras to move both vertically and horizontally over a predetermined area, typically the playing field of a sporting event such as a cricket pitch, football field or a tennis court. The name "Spidercam" is a trademark. The Spidercam is very similar to the Skycam, which preceded it, having been invented in the United States in 1984.
The Spidercam operates with four motorized winches positioned at each corner at the base of the covered area, each of which controls a Kevlar cable connected to a gyro-stabilized camera-carrier, or dolly. By controlling the winding and unwinding of the cables, the system allows the dolly to reach any position in the three-dimensional space. The inputs of the Spidercam "pilot" are processed by software which forwards the commands to the winches via fiber optic cables. Two of the Kevlar cables also have fiber optic cables woven into them to carry commands to the camera and the remote head, and bring the camera's high definition signal back to the control station. The remote head, which houses the camera, provides pan and tilt movement and includes the lens remote which controls focus, zoom and irising. A gyro sensor in the dolly stabilises the horizon. A specially trained Spidercam camera operator controls the camera.
History.
Jens C. Peters, the founder of CCSytems Inc., developed the Spidercam system. The Austrian company began in 2000 specifically to create a fully functional cable-suspension system for a camera transporting device, capable of moving not only laterally or horizontally along the ground, but also vertically, thus providing full three-dimensional movement while covering wide areas both indoors as well as outdoors, using standardised and reliable components as modules.
The first successful test of the system took place in a large event hall in Carinthia, Austria in 2003. In 2004 the system was employed for the first time on a television production in Austria. That same year, Peters teamed up with the German company PMT Professional Motion Technology GmbH, a rental house specialized in camera motion technology. After some modifications inspired by PMT, the Spidercam entered the market. Its initial uses were for live events such as concerts—Kylie Minogue in Australia, Robbie Williams in Great Britain and The Police in Argentina—television programs such as the Eurovision Song Contest in Greece and Finland, and major sporting events such as the European Swimming Cup in Hungary, Red Bull X-Fighters in Mexico and Spain and international football matches. PMT also provides a system for 35mm film cameras.
A new partner, the Austrian businessman Herbert Neff, joined Peters in 2007 and a new company, Spidercam GmbH, was founded. Since then further business relationships have been created in a number of countries, such as Sweden, Great Britain, France, Portugal, Italy, Poland, Tunisia, Australia and China, which provide staff, equipment and local know-how for the broadcast and film-production companies in those countries. To meet the growing demand for spidercam services, spidercam GmbH offers workshops for prospective operators, with the goal of guaranteeing the highest quality and safety standards.
Spidercam Gmbh has an in-house engineering department which works on improving the Spidercam and developing special applications to meet customer requests. Currently work is being done on a completely revised and new system, to be called spidercam MkII.
In cricket, Spidercam was first used in the Indian Cricket League (ICL), followed by the semi-finals of the 2010 Indian Premier League (IPL) in Mumbai and then in Champions League Twenty20 in South Africa. It was used for the first time in a test match at The Gabba in Brisbane during the 2012 South African tour of Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19659758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659758" title="Fun Fun Fun Fest">
Fun Fun Fun Fest

Fun Fun Fun Fest (often abbreviated as "FFF" or "F3F") is an annual music and comedy festival held in Austin, Texas. The festival is the only genre based festival in the United States, featuring stages that focus specifically on hip-hop / electronica, indie rock, punk / metal, and comedy.
Started in 2006, the festival focuses on a combination of discovering emerging talent, and putting together either rarely seen or anticipated reunion performances. Being based in Austin (The Live Music Capital of the World), FFF has the unique ability to work with new musicians that have yet to experience the national stage. The festival has a history of unearthing new artists that eventually end up in the mainstream music and festival markets.
Fun Fun Fun Fest is also known for its dedication to the unique Austin culture, featuring progressive street food from some of Austin's favorite eateries, an annual API poster show featuring work from artists all over the U.S., along with pop up vintage fashion shops and record stores. The Festival has also been known to have everything from a mechanical bull to a live wrestling ring featuring Sexy Sax Man on site.
Notable acts from the past include Public Enemy, Spoon, Weird Al Yankovich, Girl Talk, The Descendents, MGMT, Bad Religion, Danzig, Mastodon, The Dead Milkmen, Slick Rick, Pharcyde, Cat Power, The National, M83, Circle Jerks, Todd Barry, Reggie Watts, Henry Rollins, Neil Hamburger, GWAR, and the return of famed Detroit punkers, Death, and many more.
In 2011, Fun Fun Fun Fest was moved to Auditorium Shores - a much larger downtown park, a change from previous years in which the event was held at Waterloo Park. In addition, 2011 saw the addition of a third full day and FFF Nites, a set of free aftershows for ticket holders in downtown Austin music venues, featuring an additional 75+ artists. Additionally, Ryan Gosling and Rooney Mara filmed a sequence for an upcoming Terrence Malick film on November 4, 2011, at the festival.
The 2012 festival took place November 2–4 at Auditorium Shores. The event made headlines by announcing the reunion of the hip hop group, Run–D.M.C. for their first show in a decade.
Line-ups.
Fun Fun Fun Fest Taco Cannon.
First premiered at the 2012 Fun Fun Fun Fest in Austin, TX, the Fun Fun Fun Fest Taco Cannon is a modified 12-chamber t-shirt cannon specifically designed to shoot tacos a maximum 200 feet in the air. The Fun Fun Fun Fest Taco Cannon is the first and only taco launching device. The cannon is powered by carbon dioxide and a car battery, and "takes 40 pounds of carbon dioxide to get through three round of Gatling gun-style shots" with "12 barrels in each round, so 36 shots total per round." 

</doc>
<doc id="19659779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659779" title="Tamaha (Tonga)">
Tamaha (Tonga)

Tamaha is the ceremonial name of the daughter of the Tuʻi Tonga's (King of Tonga) sister. The eldest sister of the Tuʻi Tonga (King of Tonga) is usually called the Tuʻi Tonga Fefine.

</doc>
<doc id="19659789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659789" title="Swan House (Atlanta, Georgia)">
Swan House (Atlanta, Georgia)

Swan House was built in 1928 for Edward and Emily Inman in Atlanta, Georgia. The Inmans had accumulated wealth from cotton brokerage and investments on transportation, banking and real estate. After their house in Ansley Park burned in 1924, the Inmans commissioned the Atlanta architectural firm of Hentz, Reid and Adler to design a new house in on in Buckhead, a northern Atlanta community. The new mansion's design was executed by Philip Trammell Shutze, combining Renaissance revival styles with a Classical approach on the main facade. The rear facade is less formal, and is sited at the top of a small hill with terraced gardens and a fountain cascading down the hillside. A recurring motif are sculpted or painted swans throughout the house and grounds.
Noted architect Philip T. Shutze designed Swan House and its gardens, as well as many other important buildings in the city. He graduated from the Georgia Institute of Technology, Columbia School of Architecture, and the American Academy in Rome, Italy.
Edward Inman died in 1931, but Emily collected her family into the house and lived there until 1965. The house and grounds were acquired by the Atlanta Historical Society in 1966. The house is operated as part of the Atlanta History Center and is maintained as a 1920s and 1930s historic house museum, with many of the Inmans' original furnishings.
In 2004, the Atlanta History Center completed a $5.4 million restoration of the house and its furnishings.
This historical building served as the finish line of the 19th season of The Amazing Race.
It was also used to film some scenes in the 2013 film "".

</doc>
<doc id="19659797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659797" title="Pictures in the Mirror">
Pictures in the Mirror

"Pictures in the Mirror" is the first single off The Living End's second album "Roll On", reaching number 18 on the ARIA Singles Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="19659802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659802" title="The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe (disambiguation)">
The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe (disambiguation)

The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe is a book by C.S. Lewis. It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19659810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659810" title="KLMI">
KLMI

KLMI (106.1 FM) is a radio station licensed to Rock River, Wyoming, USA. It carries a blend of the best music from the 80s, 90s, and now. The station serves Albany County, Wyoming. The station is currently owned by Greeley Broadcasting Corporation operating on a LMA by Wolf Creek Radio Broadcasting. The station streams online 24/7 at www.myhits106.com. 
KLMI changed frequencies from 106.5 to 106.1 September 8, 2009.
History.
The station was assigned the call letters KVAN on 2005-05-02. On 2005-10-13, the station changed its call sign to KKHI and then on 2008-01-31 to the current KLMI. 

</doc>
<doc id="19659813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659813" title="Wade Point Light">
Wade Point Light

The Wade Point Light was a screw-pile lighthouse in North Carolina.
History.
Lightship "M" was stationed at the mouth of the Pasquotank River off Albemarle Sound beginning in 1826. In 1855 it was replaced by a square screw-pile structure . This structure was eventually removed and replaced with the Pasquotank River Entrance Light, an automated tower about two miles NNE of the previous light.

</doc>
<doc id="19659881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659881" title="Amador (football club)">
Amador (football club)

Amador is a football club that plays in the island of São Tomé in São Tomé and Príncipe. The team plays in the São Tomé Island League's second level. It never won any titles.

</doc>
<doc id="19659895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659895" title="Christian Heritage Party of Canada candidates, 1988 Canadian federal election">
Christian Heritage Party of Canada candidates, 1988 Canadian federal election

The Christian Heritage Party of Canada fielded 63 candidates in the 1988 federal election in Canada. This was the first time the party contested a federal election, and the party faced potential rivalry from the Reform Party of Canada in the four western provinces, where it also was contesting its first election.

</doc>
<doc id="19659904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659904" title="KDNR">
KDNR

KDNR (88.7 FM) is a radio station licensed to South Greeley, Wyoming, USA. The station carries religious programming. The station is currently owned by Western Inspirational Broadcasters.
History.
The station was assigned the call letters KWRZ on 2002-06-19. On 2003-11-22, the station changed its call sign to KLCQ and on 2006-03-27 to KKGN. On 2007-03-09 the station became KEZF, and finally on 2008-05-16, the current KDNR. 
Translators.
In addition to the main station, KDNR is relayed by an additional two translators to widen its broadcast area.

</doc>
<doc id="19659932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659932" title="Steve Rosenberg">
Steve Rosenberg

Steven Allen Rosenberg (born October 31, 1964, in Brooklyn, New York) is a retired American left-handed pitcher in Major League Baseball. 
Rosenberg is Jewish. He attended the University of Florida, and was drafted in the fourth round of the 1986 draft by the New York Yankees during his senior year in college.
He played for the Chicago White Sox (1988–90) and the San Diego Padres (1991).

</doc>
<doc id="19659933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19659933" title="Sonny Forriest">
Sonny Forriest

Sonny Forriest was born Elbert McKinley Forriest on May 21, 1934 in Pendleton, North Carolina and died on January 10, 1999 in Capital Heights, Maryland. He was an American guitar player. He is best known for playing guitar for The Coasters.
Biography.
During the Korean War, Forriest served in the United States Air Force. From 1959 through 1961, he played guitar with The Coasters on such recordings as "Besame Mucho," "Wake Me, Shake Me," "Shoppin' For Clothes," "Thumbin' A Ride," "Girls Girls Girls," "Ridin' Hood," and "Lady Like." He joined the Ray Charles Orchestra in 1962
. Forriest recorded four songs for Verve Records. On September 30, 1963, he recorded "In Trouble" (unreleased) and "Now That I'm Lonely." On October 1, 1963, he recorded "I'm Travelin'" and "Wedding Day" (unreleased). He released a solo jazz album called "Tuff Pickin': The Blue Guitar Of Sonny Forriest And His Orchestra" on Decca Records in 1965. He has also done studio work for other artists including Ray Charles and Hank Crawford.
His son Sonny Forriest Jr. is a musician out of New York and Philadelphia, Pennsylvania who has played with groups such as Harold Melvin & The Blue Notes, The Philly Intruders, and The Hearts Of Stone.
Notes.
Reference: Blues Records, Mike Leadbitter & Neil SLaven - ISBN 0-907872-07-7

</doc>
<doc id="19660029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660029" title="Tilonia">
Tilonia

Tilonia is a village in Ajmer district in Rajasthan, India.
It is home of the NGO, Barefoot College founded by renowned social worker Bunker Roy. Since it was founded, this village has become a model for all remote villages for economic and social development.
Education.
In Tilonia village there are three day school
Location and Transportation.
By road
By rail
By air

</doc>
<doc id="19660038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660038" title="Joseph La France">
Joseph La France

Joseph La France, (c. 1707 – c. 1745), was a Metis fur trader in Canada, and an explorer of the inland route from Montreal to Hudson Bay.
Background.
La France was born at Michilimackinac, the son of a French fur-trader and an Ojibwa woman, in the area where Fort Michilimackinac was founded when he was a child. He became a trader early in his life working with his father and had a varied and extensive training. 
In 1739, having been refused a license to trade on the grounds that he had been selling brandy to the Indians, he decided to align himself with the English traders at Hudson Bay. He began his trek toward there following the route of Pierre Gaultier de Varennes et de La Vérendrye through Rainy Lake, Lake of the Woods and the Winnipeg River to Lake Winnipeg. He must have made contact with some the La Vérendrye forts although no written record can confirm this assumption.
La France wintered in 1740–41 with natives of the Lake Winnipeg region. In 1741–42 he wintered further west and north in the region of Lake Manitoba and Lake Winnipegosis and the lower Saskatchewan River. He reached York Factory on Hudson Bay via the Hayes River in June 1742. He was traveling with a large band of Indians and furs for trade. 
London.
Because the Hudson's Bay Company could not shelter French or Canadien traders, La France was sent to England later in 1742. In London he met Arthur Dobbs who was crusading against the HBC monopoly of the fur trade and their apparent reluctance to open up the northwest with interior forts. La France supplied crude maps as well as much information concerning the geography and demographics of the region. He recommended that the HBC meet growing French competition in the west as it was rapidly developing through the efforts of the La Vérendryes.
Legacy.
The La France trip is considered today as an important step in the exploration of the northwest. At the time it was discounted because Dobbs’ evidence was considered suspect.

</doc>
<doc id="19660041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660041" title="Mike Schwabe">
Mike Schwabe

Michael Scott Schwabe (born July 12, 1964 in Fort Dodge, Iowa) is a retired American pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for the Detroit Tigers in 1989 and 1990. Prior to being drafted in the 1987 amateur draft, Schwabe played for Arizona State University.

</doc>
<doc id="19660076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660076" title="May Kendall">
May Kendall

May Kendall (Born Emma Goldworth Kendall) (1861 – ?1943) was an English poet, novelist, and satirist. She is best known as the co-author of the novel "That Very Mab" and the poetry collections "Dreams to Sell" and "Songs from Dreamland". 
Possibly her most anthologized poem, "Lay of the Trilobite", is a satire of the popular English response to Darwin's evolutionary theory.
In 1895 Kendall partially gave up professional writing in order to more fully devote her life to social reform. She worked predominantly with the Rowntree Family in York.

</doc>
<doc id="19660171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660171" title="Stayin' Alive (J-Flexx album)">
Stayin' Alive (J-Flexx album)

"Stayin' Alive" is an album consisting of previously unreleased songs from rapper J-Flexx, which will be released on Death Row Records.
Album information.
On December 5, 2007, For The People Entertainment announced the release of Stayin' Alive, a collection of many unreleased songs by J-Flexx from his time on Death Row Records. This album features guest spots from Danny Boy, Sam Sneed, Dr. Dre and Barney Ruble. 

</doc>
<doc id="19660188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660188" title="Mid-Michigan Destroyers">
Mid-Michigan Destroyers

The Mid-Michigan Destroyers were a franchise in the Premier Basketball League which began play in the 2009 season. Based in Bay City, they trained at the JJKN Hoops Training Center (formerly the historic St. Joe's Gymnasium) but played at the Bay City Western high school gymnasium.
The Destroyers tried to form strong rivalries with their fellow PBL teams in Michigan, the Detroit Panthers and the Battle Creek Knights, however two thirds of the way through their inaugural season, there was a split among the members of the ownership group and the team suspended operations for at least 2009, if not permanently. The league also said the remaining Mid-Michigan games on the schedule would be filled by the remaining teams in the league.

</doc>
<doc id="19660216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660216" title="Meyer hardness test">
Meyer hardness test

The Meyer hardness test is a rarely used hardness test based upon projected area of an impression. This is a more fundamental measurement of hardness than other hardness tests which are based on the surface area of an indentation. The principle behind the test is that the mean pressure required to test the material is the measurement of the hardness of the material. The mean pressure is calculated by dividing the load by the projected area of the indentation. The result is called the Meyer hardness, which has units of megapascals (MPa).
An advantage of the Meyer test is that it is less sensitive to the applied load, especially compared to the Brinell hardness test. For cold worked materials the Meyer hardness is relatively constant and independent of load, whereas for the Brinell hardness test it decreases with higher loads. For annealed materials the Meyer hardness increases continuously with load due to strain hardening.
Based on Meyer's law hardness values from this test can be converted into Brinell hardness values, and vice-versa.
The Meyer hardness test was devised by Prof. Eugene Meyer of the Materials Testing Laboratory at the Imperial School of Technology, Charlottenburg, Germany, circa 1908. 

</doc>
<doc id="19660237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660237" title="Dilston, Tasmania">
Dilston, Tasmania

Dilston is a short drive north of Launceston and has a population of just 307.

</doc>
<doc id="19660250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660250" title="Joshua Schwadron">
Joshua Schwadron

Joshua "Josh" Schwadron was featured in the March 2003 publication of GQ magazine where it honored him as its national college "Big Man on Campus." Later that year, Joshua appeared on the NBC reality TV show "Fear Factor" where he won the two-episode Las Vegas special. One of the episodes' seven stunts, which required contestants to eat live African cave-dwelling spiders also known as whip scorpions, was named in 2007 by VH1 as the 11th Greatest Reality TV Moment of all time. Other stunts included: climbing off the roof of the Mandalay Bay Hotel, swimming with piranha, jumping off cars suspended 100 feet in the air, being locked in a coffin with 15,000 Madagascar hissing cockroaches and finally, playing one hand of blackjack worth $89,000.
Joshua is a principal of the Casabode Real Estate Group, headquartered in NYC. He is a graduate of University of Michigan and Ross School of Business, which includes him in their "famous alumni" publication. He is also a graduate of Emory University School of Law.

</doc>
<doc id="19660292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660292" title="Lala Ratan Chand">
Lala Ratan Chand

Raja Ratan Chand became the diwan of Mughal emperor Farrukhsiyar (1713-1719) in 1712, who gave him the title of Raja. He came to be regarded as a very effective administrator.
He was associated with the Saiyid Brothers, and served as the king makers for several years. He came to be trusted with the financial affairs of the state by Abdullah. He was even entrusted with appointment of kazis. He opposed the imposition of jazia tax on Hindus. His influence was resented by some of the Muslim nobles. He became involved in the court intrigues. 
When the Brothers lost power he was imprisoned. He was executed during the battle of Hasanpur between the new Emperor and Abdullah, by the order of the new emperor Muhammad Shah (1719-1748) in 1719. 
As a result of a dispute with other Agrawals, he and his group of Agrawals separated and formed the “Raja ki Biradari” section of the Agrawals, which later can be known as Rajvanshi.

</doc>
<doc id="19660295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660295" title="Eric Aarons">
Eric Aarons

Eric Aarons (born 1919) is a member of the third of four generations of the Aarons family who played leading roles in the Communist Party of Australia (CPA). Although never a mass party like those in Italy, France or Indonesia, the CPA played many important roles in Australian political life, most notably in the Labour Movement – in which it had significant influence across a wide spectrum of trade unions – and in many social movements, anti-war and peace organisations and anti-racist activities.
Aarons played an important role in the party’s work from the mid-1940s to the winding up of the party in the early 1990s. He rose to be in charge of party education, to be a leading theorist and author, a powerful advocate for de-Stalinisation of the CPA and was one of three people who jointly replaced his older brother, Laurie Aarons, as CPA National Secretary in 1976.
Early life.
Born in Marrickville in inner-city Sydney, Aarons moved with his parents and older brother, Laurie, to Melbourne as a young boy. Here he became close to his grandparents, Jane and Louis Aarons, Jewish immigrants from the United States and Britain who had earlier been active in both the Australian Labor Party (ALP) and the far more radical Victorian Socialist Party.
When the CPA was formed in 1920 – inspired by the Russian Revolution of 1917 – Jane and Louis became foundation members in Melbourne and were among the early Australian communists to visit the Soviet Union. Aarons' father, Sam, joined the CPA and became a prominent figure in the party’s local activities and in the mid-1930s travelled to Spain to volunteer for the International Brigade formed to assist the Spanish Republic resist Francisco Franco's ultimately successful uprising against the elected Popular Front Government.
After finishing school in Melbourne, Eric Aarons moved back to Sydney in the mid-1930s and worked for a couple of years in his father’s boot repair business before studying at Sydney University. There he obtained a First Class Honours Bachelor of Science degree specialising in chemistry. During this period he joined the CPA and became active in student politics and anti-fascist, anti-war and peace causes.
Political activism.
During the Second World War Aarons worked in key war industries using his scientific expertise for the war effort, but also was active in organising communist industrial branches. After the war he took up work for the CPA as an educator, organising Marxist study courses that aimed to provide working class activists with theoretical frameworks that would help them develop and implement correct communist practice for Australian conditions.
In 1947 he was sent to Wollongong, as secretary of the CPA’s South Coast District. In the early 1950s the Communist Party of China (CPC) invited the CPA to send a delegation to China to study for several years in Peking (now Beijing). The idea was for Australian communists to familiarise themselves with Chinese communist theoretical ideas and to study the practical conditions that had led to the victory of Mao Zedong’s revolution in 1949 so that those experiences could help to develop an Australian path to communist revolution.
The CPA leadership chose Aarons to lead this delegation so that he would return to Australia with fresh ideas for new training and education methods and courses that would be relevant to local conditions. He spent three years studying in China and upon his return he developed a fundamentally different approach to party education that was only partially implemented, due to resistance from older members of the CPA leadership.
His experiences in China led to further CPA groups studying in China, most notably an 18 months school led by his brother a few years later. At this time, the CPA leadership was attracted to Mao’s political ideas and the apparent freshness and vigour of the “New China”. CPA leaders also saw themselves as closely relating to other Asian communist parties within the wider International Communist Movement. In this, Australian communists were well ahead of other Australian political parties and the Eurocentric Soviet-led communist movement in recognising the growing importance of Asia in world affairs.
In 1959 Aarons was sent by the CPA to be secretary of the Newcastle District, a highly working class industrial and mining town 150 kilometres north of Sydney. During this period he not only was closely engaged in trade union and community organising activities but also began to review the history of communism, both internationally and domestically, to try to come to terms with the re-appraisals that were taking place in Moscow and apply those lessons to the Australian experience.
Nikita Khrushchev’s denunciation of Joseph Stalin at the Communist Party of the Soviet Union’s (CPSU) 20th Congress in 1956, followed shortly after by the suppression of the Hungarian Revolution of 1956 which aimed for an independent and more democratic kind of socialism, had thrown the CPA into chaos, as these events did within most Western communist parties.
In response to these and other events, the two Aarons brothers, together with a wider group of younger communist leaders (including John Sendy, Bernie Taft, Rex Mortimer, Alec and Mavis Robertson, among others) slowly evolved towards an anti-authoritarian version of socialism. Ironically, in light of the long years the Aarons brothers, Sendy and Taft had spent in China, the first major catalyst for this new direction was the Sino-Soviet dispute which began to openly emerge in the late 1950s.
By the early 1960s it had become clear that the division between Moscow and Beijing was centrally about Khrushchev’s inconsistent but nevertheless radical departure from Stalin’s political course, including his denunciation of Stalin’s crimes against humanity, catastrophic economic policies and destructive international policy which placed Soviet national interests, as Stalin saw them, first and foremost. Mao was equally determined to reaffirm Stalinism and apply its methods in China, together with an extreme left position internationally which downplayed the dangers and horrors of nuclear war and urged “revolutionary” action irrespective of the realities in specific countries.
The older CPA leadership endorsed the direction adopted at the 1960 meeting of the International Communist Movement which overwhelmingly rejected Mao’s position and that of his few supporters such as Enver Hoxha’s Albania. When Mao launched an international offensive to split communist parties around the world a small group of pro-Chinese CPA members emerged around Melbourne leader, Ted Hill. The younger group of CPA leaders, of which Aarons was a leading member, rallied CPA members against a return to Stalinist methods, as advocated by Hill and his small group of supporters.
Aarons then played a major role in helping to develop new theoretical frameworks to try and make the CPA more relevant in the rapidly changing world of the 1960s, especially looking at the impact on modern capitalism of the explosion of scientific and technological advances. This work coincided with his being elected to the post of CPA National Secretary in 1965 and at this time Aarons also became a key member of the CPA national leadership as the younger generation assumed power from the generation that had run the CPA since the onset of the Great Depression in 1929.
Aarons and the other members of the new national leadership became acutely aware from the mid-1960s onwards that both Chinese and Soviet authoritarian methods were highly damaging to the cause of communism in advanced democratic countries such as Australia. This realisation soon brought them into sharp conflict with the CPSU, especially as Khrushchev’s successor, Leonid Brezhnev, embarked on a new clampdown at this time that quickly undid the gains of Khrushchev’s period of liberalisation.
The first open breach between the Australian and Soviet communist parties came in 1965 over the question of official repression of Soviet Jewry and the gaoling of two dissident writers, Yuli Daniel and Andrei Sinyavsky, and which the CPA leadership publicly criticised. The CPA’s wider new direction also soon caused tensions with the Soviet leadership and conservative elements within the CPA, especially the development of a "Charter of Democratic Rights" which clearly advocated a style of socialism at odds with Soviet methods.
Aarons and other members of the new leadership warmly embraced Alexander Dubcek’s Prague Spring policies in Czechoslovakia launched in January 1968, which advocated the freeing up of Czech political, social and economic systems and the development of a national road to socialism – “socialism with a human face”. As the stand-off between the CPSU and the new Czech leadership developed into a crisis in mid-1968, Aarons was given the task of making a deep study of Czech developments and writing detailed analyses of the claims and counter-claims between Dubcek and the Czechoslovak communists, and Leonid Brezhnev and his supporters among the neo-Stalinist regimes in East Germany, Hungary, Bulgaria and elsewhere.
The Warsaw Pact invasion of Czechoslovakia in August 1968 deeply shocked Aarons and the other CPA leaders who had hoped that Dubcek’s new path would reinvigorate the communist cause, especially in Australia. The CPA became the first of several Western communist parties to unequivocally condemn the Soviet’s crushing of the Prague Spring and to call for the withdrawal of the occupying forces, a stand later reiterated by Laurie Aarons at the 1969 International Communist Movement meeting in Moscow.
This led not only to a rapid and sharp deterioration of the CPA’s relations with the CPSU but to a deep split among the CPA’s membership. The flames of this split were fanned by covert actions on the part of the CPSU to support the pro-Moscow group which now attempted to reverse the policy changes which the new leaders, including Eric, had begun in the mid-1960s.
The split developed into a bitter affair, with people who had been close friends and comrades divided over whether to embrace a new way forward or to stick with the Soviet road. Lifelong friendships were irrevocably destroyed as both sides launched a huge organising effort in preparing for the CPA’s 22nd Congress in 1970, at which the membership overwhelmingly endorsed the positions taken by Aarons and the other leaders.
In this dispute Aarons played not only a significant part in organising among the CPA membership, but also in developing and propounding the ideological basis for the CPA’s new policies and helping to write key documents for the Congress. Although the Congress vote was decisive on key issues, such as endorsing the stand taken over the Czech invasion and adopting a new, democratic course in building socialism in Australia, the CPA was bitterly divided and the following year a new pro-Soviet party (the Socialist Party of Australia) was established with Moscow’s open support and covert financial backing and around one-third of the CPA membership either left to join it or dropped out of political activities altogether.
During these turbulent events Aarons left full-time employment with the CPA and took up teaching in the public school system. He had also taken up sculpting in the mid-1960s and was soon acclaimed as a gifted artist of both wood and stone sculptures. In 1972 he found the time to read and study philosophical developments and trends and that year saw not only his first major sculpture exhibition but the publication of his book "Philosophy for an Exploding World: Today’s Values Revolution". In this work, Aarons attempted to look at social thought outside the narrow, dogmatic Marxist framework, point the way forward for socialist thinking in the modern world and extend the new thinking that had underpinned the CPA’s development over the previous decade.
In 1974 Aarons returned to full-time work for the CPA as Editor (later Coordinator) of the CPA’s weekly paper, "Tribune", following the tragic early death of the then editor, Alec Robertson. Two years later Aarons became one of three Joint National Secretaries who worked collectively. This came about as a result of a major reform initiated by the CPA leadership which required that key posts, such as the National Secretary, could not be held by the same person for more than six years. As a consequence, his brother Laurie stepped down from that post at the CPA’s 25th Congress in 1976.
Despite all the efforts that had gone into reinvigorating and renewing the CPA, its membership and influence continued to decline. The major splits with the pro-Chinese and pro-Soviet groups had seen many talented people (especially trade union leaders) depart either in frustration or into the splinter parties. From its height during the Second World War of a claimed 23,000 members, the CPA had shrunk to around 3,000 members in the mid-1970s, although it still exerted considerable influence in the trade unions, on the left-wing of the ALP and in new movements such as Feminist movement, Gay Liberation and the environment movement.
During the 1970s a further deep division emerged between most of the Sydney-based leaders (including the Aarons brothers) and those in Melbourne grouped around Bernie Taft and John Sendy, who advocated a much more moderate policy towards the Soviet Union and the Warsaw Pact countries as well as a less antagonistic attitude towards “reformism” and the ALP. Although this division did not result in a split during the six years that Eric Aarons was joint CPA National Secretary, the Taft-led group eventually left the party in 1984 and led a large proportion of the Melbourne membership into the ALP.
The CPA eventually was wound up in 1991 when it became clear that the party could no longer continue to function due to both the collapse of communism as an idea and the shrinking of its membership and influence.
Over the last 25 years Aarons has lived in the bush to the south-west of Sydney on the site of the CPA’s education facility that he did so much to build up and turn into a vibrant centre for reading, debating and discussing revolutionary theories and practice. Here he has held major exhibitions of the sculptures he has created in his bush home and read widely about political developments, philosophical trends and more recently about economic theories.
Later life.
Since the early 1990s he has published a number of important books, notably "What’s Left?" (1993), an account of his years of activism in the CPA, which as its title suggests, also posed some searching questions about the future of left-wing ideas and actions, and "What’s Right?" (2003), which analysed the development of neo-liberalism and questioned where this trend of right-wing ideas has left classical liberal thought.
This study of right-wing philosophy and activism led him to a deep study of the ideas and influence of the free market economist, Friedrich Hayek, whose ideas have influenced not only modern neo-liberal thinkers but to one extent or another have been put into practice around the world over the past 30 years. This resulted to the publication of "Market Versus Nature: The Social Philosophy of Friedrich Hayek" (2008), in which the operation of unfettered free markets is analysed and the problem of market failures addressed, especially as it relates to the destruction of the environment and global warming.
Aarons continues to think deeply and write about modern politics and ideas. In 2008 he completed writing "Hayek versus Marx and Today’s Challenges", which compares the philosophies, ideas and influence of Friedrich Hayek and Karl Marx and questions whether they are relevant to future global challenges. His final conclusion on the Marxist dream is that the socialist project was flawed because the society envisaged was not feasible, although the movements it inspired engaged in many important campaigns and won important social reforms. He does not regret his own role as a leading Marxist theorist and activist in the CPA.

</doc>
<doc id="19660340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660340" title="Swimming at the 1984 Summer Paralympics">
Swimming at the 1984 Summer Paralympics

Swimming at the 1984 Summer Paralympics consisted of 345 events.

</doc>
<doc id="19660355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660355" title="Billboard Dreams">
Billboard Dreams

Billboard Dreams is the second studio album by rapper J-Flexx. Some of the tracks of this album came included in devices like the iPod and laptops.

</doc>
<doc id="19660380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660380" title="Wikimania">
Wikimania

Wikimania is an annual international conference for users of the Wikimedia Foundation's wiki projects (such as Wikipedia and its ). Topics of presentations and discussions include Wikimedia Foundation projects, other wikis, open-source software, free knowledge and free content, and social and technical aspects related to these topics.
History.
Wikimania 2005.
The first Wikimania conference was held in the "Haus der Jugend" at Frankfurt, Germany, August 4–8, 2005. It had attracted about 380 attendees.
The week of the conference included four "Hacking Days", August 1–4, when some 25 developers gathered to work on code and discuss the technical aspects of MediaWiki and of running the Wikimedia projects. The main days of the conference, despite its billing as being "August 4–8", were Friday to Sunday of that week, August 5–7. Presentation sessions were scheduled all day during those three days.
Keynote speakers included Jimmy Wales, Ross Mayfield, Ward Cunningham and Richard Stallman (who spoke on ""Copyright and community in the age of computer networks""). The majority of sessions and conversations were in English, although a few were in German.
Sponsors of the event included Answers.com, SocialText, Sun Microsystems, DocCheck, and Logos Group.
Wikimania 2006.
Wikimania 2006 took place from August 6 to 8, 2006, at Harvard Law School's Berkman Center for Internet & Society in Cambridge, Massachusetts in the United States. It had about 400–500 attendees.
Speakers included Jimmy Wales, Lawrence Lessig, Brewster Kahle, Yochai Benkler, Mitch Kapor, Ward Cunningham, and David Weinberger. Dan Gillmor held a citizen journalism unconference the day after.
Answers.com was the Wikimania 2006 Patron sponsor, while Amazon.com, the Berkman Center for Internet & Society at Harvard Law School, Nokia, WikiHow were Benefactors-level sponsors, Wetpaint, Ask.com, Yahoo!, and Socialtext were Friends-level sponsors, and IBM, FAQ Farm, Elevation Partners, One Laptop per Child, and the Sunlight Foundation were Supporter-level sponsors of the conference.
Wikimania 2007.
As announced on September 25, 2006, Wikimania 2007 was held in Taipei, Republic of China on Taiwan from August 3, 2007 to August 5, 2007. It was the first to hold a volunteer training course.
Three other teams submitted hosting bids, for the cities of London, Alexandria, and Turin. Bids for Hong Kong, Singapore, Istanbul, and Orlando failed to make the shortlist.
On August 3, 2007, "New York Times" reporter Noam Cohen reported: "The conference has attracted about 440 attendees, a little more than half from Taiwan, who want to immerse themselves for three days in the ideas and issues that come up making an entirely volunteer-written encyclopedia. The workshops cover practical topics like how to collaborate peacefully; what importance to give 'expertise' in a project that is celebrated for allowing anyone to contribute, including anonymous editors".
Wikimania 2008.
Three proposed cities were in the running at the end, the other two being Atlanta and Cape Town. Proposals for Karlsruhe, London and Toronto were also submitted, but later withdrew. There was a controversy about the conference, and even a call to boycott Wikimania 2008 because of Egypt's alleged censorship and imprisoning of bloggers during Mubarak's era. Mohamed Ibrahim, a graduate of Alexandria University who worked to bring the conference to Alexandria, told the BBC "I think we have the right to develop and to make freedom of expression on a larger scale." One of his goals was to help grow Arabic Wikipedia which he contributes to since early 2005. An Egyptian cabinet minister spoke at the opening ceremonies on Mubarak's behalf. 
Wikimania 2010.
It was the first conference which included a big focus on the cultural aspects of the hosting nation, particularly a concert of a philharmonic orchestra, celebrating the tenth anniversary of the death of the most important contemporary Polish composer Władysław Szpilman and the premiere of the film Truth in Numbers?. At the conference, Sue Gardner, executive director of the Wikimedia Foundation, said that the foundation's aim was to grow the number of visitors to Wikimedia sites from 371 million to 680 million a month, over the next five years.
Wikimania 2011.
Wikimania 2011 was held in Haifa, Israel, on August 4–7. The conference venue was the Haifa Auditorium and adjoining Beit Hecht cultural center on Mount Carmel. Keynote speakers at the conference included Yochai Benkler, a fellow at the Berkman Center for Internet and Society at Harvard University and Joseph M. Reagle Jr. of MIT, author of "Good Faith Collaboration: The Culture of Wikipedia". Head of the Science and Technology Committee at the Knesset, Meir Sheetrit, also spoke at the conference, as did Yonah Yahav, the Mayor of Haifa. One of the sponsors of the event was Haifa University. The conference featured 125 sessions in five simultaneous tracks and was attended by 720 Wikimedians from 56 different countries, including some that have no diplomatic relations with Israel.
Wikimania 2013.
Wikimania 2013 was held from August 7–11, 2013 at The Hong Kong Polytechnic University.
Candidate cities were London (UK), Bristol (UK), Naples (Italy) and Surakarta (Indonesia).
Wikimania 2014.
For Wikimania 2014, bidding officially opened in December 2012. London was chosen in May 2013 as the host city, with the only other bid coming from Arusha (Tanzania). The conference will be held from 8–10 August 2014 at the Barbican Centre.

</doc>
<doc id="19660381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660381" title="List of Preserve America Communities">
List of Preserve America Communities

This is a list of United States municipalities, counties, neighborhoods, and tribal communities that have been designated as "Preserve America Communities" under the federal government's Preserve America program. As of 2011, more than 800 communities, representing all 50 states and two U.S. territories, had been so designated.

</doc>
<doc id="19660400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660400" title="Ikeda, Gunma">
Ikeda, Gunma


</doc>
<doc id="19660402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660402" title="Nude beach">
Nude beach

A nude beach is a beach where users are legally at liberty to be nude. Sometimes the terms clothing-optional beach or free beach are used. Nude bathing is one of the most common forms of nudity in public. As beaches are usually on public lands, any member of the public is entitled to use the facilities without membership in any movement or subscription to any philosophy. The use of the beach facilities is normally anonymous. Unlike a naturist resort or facility, there is normally no membership or vetting requirement for the use of a nude beach. The use of nude beach facilities is usually casual, not requiring pre-booking. Nude beaches may be official (legally sanctioned), unofficial (tolerated by residents and law enforcement), or illegal. However, nude beaches are relatively few and at some distance from cities, and access is at times more difficult than at a regular beach and the facilities at these beaches tend to be very basic.
A nude beach should not be confused with a topless beach (or top-free beach), where upper body clothing is not required for women or men, although a swimming costume covering the genital area is required for both men and women.
Nude beaches first became popular in the 1950s along the French coast and have since spread around the world, though they are still few and far between. Some nude beaches are part of a larger nude area, such as the Cap d'Agde area. Most beaches in Denmark and some beaches in Norway are clothing-optional. In Germany there are clothes optional sunbathing areas in public parks, e.g., in Munich and Berlin. Beaches in some holiday destinations, such as Crete, are also clothing-optional, except some central urban beaches. There are two centrally located clothes-optional beaches in Barcelona.
Nude beaches tend to be separate or isolated physically from the non-nude bathing areas. In other instances people maintain a comfortable space between beach users. Signage is often used to warn unfamiliar beach users about the specially designated areas on the beach. This accommodates people who are not comfortable with nudity (see gymnophobia). This also accommodates beach users who do not like to be watched too much, especially by clothed individuals (see voyeurism).
On an officially sanctioned nude beach, beach goers of both sexes have an option to remove their clothing without fearing legal prosecution or official harassment.
Though free beaches developed separately from national naturist bodies, these bodies are taking an interest and helping to protect them legally, and through the publication of guidelines of acceptable behaviour. In North America, the Free Beach Movement was the name of a group that was opposed to the direction of the official nudist organisation, the American Association for Nude Recreation, and set up the rival body The Naturist Society. Clothes free organizations and free beach associations, such as the Naturist Action Committee, lobby for the removal of laws which prohibit nude swimming and sunbathing or the increase in the number of nude beaches and sometimes to improve the amenities at nude beaches.
Types of nude beaches.
Most nude beaches had become accepted after many years of use as nude beaches. Many are "unmanaged" beach areas that have been adopted by the local users in an effort to maintain the beach's "quality". Others' right to existence has been recognized as such by the appropriate local authority, and are termed "official" (although not necessarily legitimate).
There are several categories of nude beaches:
Legal status.
Most beaches around the world, including nude beaches, are on public lands. That means that although private resorts and hotels that adjoin a beach may enclose their property behind fences with controlled access, most countries do not allow private ownership of the actual beach area. Thus, while a resort can control access and set clothing standards on its property, these standards would not necessarily apply to the beach itself, which remains subject to local laws or customs, and public access to the beach itself usually remains unrestricted. This applies, for example, to the islands in the Caribbean, Mexico, and Florida. On the Seven Mile Beach in Negril, Jamaica, for example, though the beach is lined with private resorts with fences down to the sand/waterline, the beach itself is open to the public. Though actual clothing standards vary from resort to resort, the beach area is officially designated as "topfree", and public access is unrestricted.
The International Naturist Federation has developed a code of conduct, or etiquette, for use by member organizations. The INF nude beach etiquette requires the avoidance of all forms of sexual harassment and sexual activity, such as masturbation or sexual intercourse. Predatory behavior is not permitted, nor is unauthorized photography. In general, the standards call for the respecting of the privacy of other visitors. Staring is frowned upon by rule and social pressure.
However, unlike nudist resorts and hotels, which can enforce standards of conduct on their properties promptly and effectively, most nude beaches are on public lands, making the enforcement of standards of nude beach etiquette a more personal matter, subject to the deterrence of local laws. The standards of conduct take different forms in different countries. Other than the fact that people using a nude beach expect to find naked people on the beach, most other local laws and customs continue to apply. One should note especially that nude beaches are usually family beaches with children being present.

</doc>
<doc id="19660433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660433" title="Gingerbread (novel)">
Gingerbread (novel)

Gingerbread (2002) is an award-winning book, first in a teen novel/series written by Rachel Cohn. The book is about "Cyd Charisse", a punk girl who lives in San Francisco with her parents Nancy and Sid, and siblings Ashley and Josh, and her surf-crossed lover Shrimp. The next two books in this young-adult series are "Shrimp" (2005) and "Cupcake" (2008).
Characters.
The characters in the novel "Gingerbread" are described, below, using in-universe tone:
Awards.
The novel "Gingerbread" received the following awards:

</doc>
<doc id="19660447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660447" title="Guernes de Pont-Sainte-Maxence">
Guernes de Pont-Sainte-Maxence

Guernes de Pont-Sainte-Maxence, also known as Garnier, was a 12th-century French scribe and one of the ten contemporary biographers of Saint Thomas Becket of Canterbury.
Life.
All that we know about Guernes is what he tells us, directly or indirectly, through his sole text, "Vie de Saint Thomas Becket." He was born in the little French town of Pont-Sainte-Maxence, and was a wandering Christian cleric with good command of Latin. Shortly after Thomas Becket's death in 1170 Guernes set out to compose a vernacular-French, biographical poem of Becket's life. He completed his first draft in 1172, working from Europe, but it was stolen before he could correct it. This first draft was compiled only from secondary sources and drew mainly on an earlier biography by Edward Grim, who witnessed Becket's Death first hand and was wounded trying to save him. Guernes immediately started working on a second draft and, being a wandering cleric, left Europe to interview the eye witnesses of Becket's death in the Canterbury area. Guernes completed the text, in 1174, drawing primarily on Edward Grim and William of Canterbury, and consulting Benedict of Peterborough and William Fitzstephen. Although Guernes did not personally know Becket, he tells us he saw him numerous times riding against the French.
Vie de Saint Thomas Becket.
Guernes's work is the earliest-known life of Becket written in French, and the earliest known verse life of Becket. There are six manuscripts of the second draft, all of them are Anglo-Norman and none of them older than the 13th-century. In 1977, Ian Short examined a fragment of the first draft which was assumed lost and noted that the second draft was far less influenced by Grim.
Form.
The poem is composed of 6,180 lines grouped in 5-line, mono-rhymed stanzas, and the form is of a "dignified and serious alexandrine." It is written in vernacular French, slightly affected by Picard and Anglo-Norman. The Picardism comes from Pont-Sainte-Maxence’s close proximity to Picardy, which Guernes downplays by highlighting that Pont-Sainte-Maxence is within France’s boundaries, therefore his language is good. The poem is further coloured with hints of Anglo-Norman because it was copied by Anglo-Norman scribes. Guernes’s language is relatively free of dialectical traits, and it has therefore been concluded that he wrote in the literary language of the period.
Both versions of Guernes’s poem adopt a similar narrative structure as Edward Grim’s biography of Becket, but Guernes also adapts his materials, adds to them, and contributes his own opinions.
Style.
The poem contains elements of two hagiographical genres: the heroic biography or Chansons de Geste, and the epic. There are several attempts at the epic technique of repetition, and Guernes also elegantly repeats the same word three or four times in differing senses. The Chansons de Geste genre is represented by heroics of Becket’s death, how he “defied the enemy of Christ and perished a champion of the true faith.” The poem was written in the vernacular and Guernes tells us he often read it beside Becket’s tomb in the cathedral at Canterbury. In her introduction to her English translation Janet Shirley describes the text as the following:
“It is a lively emphatic creation, written for quiet study but to be enjoyed by a listening audience… It was both a serious work and a tourist attraction.”
Despite the desire to entertain, and the obvious hagiographical imperative of the poem, Guernes expressed his concern for truth through accuracy, which is reflected in his journalistic methods of compiling information.
Historical impact.
Vernacular-hagiography had a specific influence on the epic genre; it influenced the very conception of hero by canonizing figures like Charlemagne, Roland, Perceval, Lancelot, and Galahad. "Vie de Saint Thomas Becket" was a forerunner in this field. It is also a forerunner in the hagiographical method of viewing the epic narrative structure as a means of presenting “myth truth,” in which the poet treated the subject as a “real” myth and served the myth by presenting it as accurately as possible. This hagiographical attitude towards truth is in opposition to truth in the hagiographical works of the novelistic, romance structure, which adopts a preference towards “legend truth:” true in moral implications but not necessarily factually provable or historically correct. "Vie de Saint Thomas Becket" is seen to adopt a myth perspective towards truth because of Guernes’s preoccupation with accuracy. This preoccupation with accuracy is echoed into the 13th, 14th, and 15th centuries in poems by St. Francis of Assisi, and in poetic biographies of St. Anthony Padua.
"Vie de Saint Thomas Becket" represents the forerunner in the hagiographical epic style because Guernes was one of the first to write about a contemporary, which freed him to focus on the historicity of his subject because he was already canonized; there was no need to overplay his saintliness. Modern critics have obscured the hagiographical elements through their general approval of its historicity.

</doc>
<doc id="19660453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660453" title="Ken Gray (rugby union)">
Ken Gray (rugby union)

Kenneth Francis Gray, MBE (24 June 1938 – 18 November 1992), was an international rugby union player from Porirua, New Zealand. He represented New Zealand in 24 international games, playing lock and later prop forward. He could play on either side of a scrum. In 1970 he refused to tour South Africa in protest at its policy of apartheid and resigned from the game.
He was elected a Hutt County Councillor in 1971 and became a Porirua City Councillor in 1973 when the riding of the County he was the member for, joined Porirua City. Later he was elected to the Hutt Valley Energy Board and to The Wellington Regional Council where he continued to serve until his unexpected death of a heart attack in 1992 (his brother Jim Gray also died of a heart attack in 1999). 
In the 1990 Queen's Birthday Honours, Gray was awarded an MBE, for services to local body affairs.
In 1992 Gray was selected as the Labour candidate for Western Hutt parliamentary electorate in the 1993 election, but he died before the election. This seat was held by National at the time.
The Petone Rugby Club, where he played, commemorates him with the Ken Gray Academy. The Ken Gray Education Centre was established in a converted shearing shed on the Battle Hill Forest Farm, near the Gray family farm, Pauatahanui Inlet, after his death.

</doc>
<doc id="19660456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660456" title="Laura Barrett">
Laura Barrett

Laura Barrett is a Canadian indie pop singer-songwriter, best known for incorporating the kalimba into her music. In addition to her solo work, Barrett has also performed as a member of The Hidden Cameras, Henri Fabergé and the Adorables, Woodhands and Sheezer.
A classically-trained pianist, Barrett studied English literature and linguistics at the University of Toronto, and took up the kalimba as a hobby after buying one on eBay. Her first public performance as a solo performer was a cover of "Smells Like Nirvana" at a "Weird Al" Yankovic tribute concert (She had previously been a part of the band Lake Holiday). She subsequently released two EPs, and was the musical director for a New York City production of Maggie MacDonald's play "The Rat King".
Barrett released her first full-length album, "Victory Garden", in 2008 on Paper Bag Records. In December 2008 Laura Barrett was the recipient of a CBC Radio 3 Bucky Award for "Sexiest Musician".
In 2009 Laura Barrett took part in an interactive documentary series called City Sonic. The series, which featured 20 Toronto artists, had her talk about her first concert. The first rock concert she attended was, at the age of 12, at the Art Gallery of Ontario for the Rheostatics experimental set "Music Inspired by the Group of Seven".
In 2010, Barrett accompanied The Magnetic Fields on their 11-date North American "Realism" tour.
In 2011, she participated in the National Parks Project, collaborating with musicians Cadence Weapon and Mark Hamilton and filmmaker Peter Lynch to produce and score a short film about Alberta's Waterton Lakes National Park.

</doc>
<doc id="19660464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660464" title="List of Weatherman actions">
List of Weatherman actions

Weatherman, also known as Weathermen and later Weather Underground Organization, was an American militant organization that carried out a series of bombings, jailbreaks, and riots from 1969 through the 1970s.
Following is a list of the organization's various activities and incidents.
See also.
General:
Bibliography.
Retrieved from http://www.spunk.org/texts/misc/sp000209.txt

</doc>
<doc id="19660478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660478" title="Rachelle Thiewes">
Rachelle Thiewes

Rachelle Thiewes (born 1952) is an American jeweler and metal artist based in El Paso, Texas. She is a professor of metal arts at the University of Texas at El Paso.
Biography.
Thiewes was born in Owatonna, Minnesota, and attended a private Catholic school, where she derived some inspirations for her work. She received her BA in Art/Metals from Southern Illinois University, Carbondale, and her MFA in Art/Metals from Kent State University. Thiewes began teaching at the University of Texas at El Paso in 1976 and is a current member of the Society of North American Goldsmiths. She also taught a Master class at the Royal College of Art in London in 1995.
Artwork.
Her work is displayed in many art collections across the world, including The Metropolitan Museum of Art, The American Craft Museum, The Art Institute of Chicago, The Renwick Gallery at the Smithsonian Institution, The National Museums of Scotland, and the Royal College of Art, London.

</doc>
<doc id="19660488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660488" title="List of Australian supercentenarians">
List of Australian supercentenarians

This is a list of verified Australian supercentenarians (people from Australia who have attained the age of at least 110 years). There have been 23 verified supercentenarians from Australia. The oldest person ever from Australia was Christina Cock, who died in 2002, aged 114 years 148 days. As of , there are 2 verified living supercentenarians and 2 pending in Australia.
Oldest Australian person by state.
This is a list of the oldest people by birth from each state
Chronological list of the oldest living person in Australia since 1981.
a People born prior to 1 January 1901 were born in the corresponding colony. The "states" didn't exist before the Federation of Australia.<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19660510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660510" title="Usune, Gunma">
Usune, Gunma


</doc>
<doc id="19660521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660521" title="Chandra Mayor">
Chandra Mayor

Chandra Mayor (born in 1973), is a Canadian poet and novelist whose writings, among other topics, dive into worlds of urban and alternative cultures. She resides in Winnipeg, Manitoba.
Publishing career.
Mayor's writing has appeared in several anthologies, including Interruptions: 30 Women Tell the Truth about Motherhood, Breathing Fire 2: Canada’s New Poets, and Post-Prairie. Her first book, August Witch, a book of poetry, was short-listed for four and won the Eileen McTavish Sykes Award for Best First Book. She received the 2004 John Hirsch Award for Most Promising Writer, and the following year she followed that up with her novel, Cherry, which won the Carol Shields Winnipeg Book Award. Mayor, who is openly lesbian, was shortlisted for a 2008 CBC Literary Award for the title story from her most recent book, All the Pretty Girls (Conundrum Press), a collection of short stories. All the Pretty Girls won the 2009 Lambda Award for Best Lesbian Fiction.
Quotes.
Chandra Mayor on writing:
""Telling the truth is harder than telling lies. Which makes writing hard work. But it's also what makes it resonate, makes it mean something to the person who reads it. Writing is exhibitionism. Writing is dragging something out of you, kicking and screaming. Writing is also craft, which is only achieved through pure drudgery. At the end of it all, someone says, 'you spoke to me,' and it's all worth it." 

</doc>
<doc id="19660528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660528" title="Station 13 Minneapolis Fire Department">
Station 13 Minneapolis Fire Department

Station 13 of the Minneapolis Fire Department is a fire station in the Ericsson neighborhood of Minneapolis, Minnesota. The station, at 4201 Cedar Ave. S., was built in 1923 during a period when the city was growing rapidly. Between 1919 and 1922, nearly 5,000 new homes had been built in Minneapolis, and city planners of that era were concerned about fire protection for buildings located near the city limits. That era saw other construction projects such as Roosevelt High School, built in 1922; Standish Elementary School, built in 1920; and Roosevelt Community Library, built in 1925.
The city wanted the station to blend into its surrounding residential area, so the building was designed in the American Craftsman bungalow style. It had a low, horizontal roof and a front yard, which distinguished it from other fire stations that typically had two stories and prominent entries. It served as a fire station until 1979, when the Minneapolis Fire Department initiated a remodeling and expansion program. It later held an emergency medical technician unit before being converted to offices. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="19660531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660531" title="Carol Kisthardt">
Carol Kisthardt

Carol Kisthardt is a senior investigator with the United States' Naval Criminal Investigation Service.
Kisthardt has been a leading presenter on the role of the NCIS at law enforcement conferences.
Kisthardt played a lead role in the investigation of 
Carlos Alvarez and Elsa Alvarez, two Florida International University professors accused of spying for the Republic of Cuba.
When three Guantanamo captives died in custody on June 10, 2006, camp authorities labelled the men's deaths suicides, and suspected they had been coordinated by attorneys aiding the captives to file habeas corpus petitions in the USA's civil court system.
Kisthardt was assigned the task of overseeing the seizure and processing of all the captive's personal papers – half a ton of papers.
The seizure included the privileged client-attorney correspondence.

</doc>
<doc id="19660547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660547" title="Super Chinese Fighter GB">
Super Chinese Fighter GB

Like "Super Chinese Fighter" for the SNES, "Fighter GB" allows players to participate in fighting game battles using characters from the "Super Chinese" games, including Jack and Ryu. The game has 12 different fighters. Players can use "super techniques" for their special attacks and block them using their "super defense." This game has a high level of animation and combat moves for a Game Boy game and it is possible to deliver combos that do more than 10 hits of damage.

</doc>
<doc id="19660564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660564" title="Daidōchō Station">
Daidōchō Station

History.
Daidōchō Station was opened on May 31, 1926 as on the Aichi Electric Railway Company. The Aichi Electric Railway became part of the Meitetsu group on August 1, 1935. The station was renamed to its present name on June 1, 1945. Express train service was discontinued from 1990. From 2004-2006, the tracks were elevated. On July 1, 2006, the Tranpass system of magnetic fare cards with automatic turnstiles was implemented, and the station has been unattended since that point. Express services were resumed in 2008.
Platforms.
Two elevated side platforms.

</doc>
<doc id="19660568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660568" title="Shibata Station (Aichi)">
Shibata Station (Aichi)

History.
Shibata Station was opened on February 18, 1912 as on the Aichi Electric Railway Company. The station was renamed to its present name in 1917. The Aichi Electric Railway became part of the Meitetsu group on August 1, 1935. Express train service was discontinued from 1990. From 2004-2006, the tracks were elevated. On July 1, 2006, the Tranpass system of magnetic fare cards with automatic turnstiles was implemented, and the station has been unattended since that point. 
Layout.
Shibata Station has wwo elevated side platforms.

</doc>
<doc id="19660573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660573" title="Nawa Station (Aichi)">
Nawa Station (Aichi)

History.
Nawa Station was opened on February 18, 1912 as on the Aichi Electric Railway Company. The Aichi Electric Railway became part of the Meitetsu group on August 1, 1935. The station was renamed to its present name on October 1, 1947. From 1978-1979, the tracks were elevated. In December 2004, the Tranpass system of magnetic fare cards with automatic turnstiles was implemented, and the station has been unattended since that point. 
Layout.
Nawa Station has two elevated opposed side platforms, with a station building located underneath.

</doc>
<doc id="19660577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660577" title="Shinnittetsu-mae Station">
Shinnittetsu-mae Station

This station provides access to Seijoh University, although the name comes from the nearby Nippon Steel plant.
History.
Shinnittetu-mae Station was opened on February 18, 1912 as on the Aichi Electric Railway Company. The Aichi Electric Railway became part of the Meitetsu group on August 1, 1935; however, the station was closed in 1944. On August 17, 1964, the station was reopened as after the nearby "Tōkai Steel" plant. The station named changed to when Tōkai was absorbed into Fuji Steel on August 1, 1967, and then to its present name on March 31, 1970 when Fuji co-founded Nippon Steel. The station has been unattended since March 2002. In January 2005, the Tranpass system of magnetic fare cards with automatic turnstiles was implemented. 
Layout.
Shinnittetu-mae Station has two elevated opposed side platforms, connected by an overpass.
Platforms.
The station has two side platforms.

</doc>
<doc id="19660583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660583" title="Shūrakuen Station">
Shūrakuen Station

History.
Shūrakuen Station was opened on May 10, 1917 as a station on the Aichi Electric Railway Company. The Aichi Electric Railway became part of the Meitetsu group on August 1, 1935. In December 2004, the Tranpass system of magnetic fare cards with automatic turnstiles was implemented, and the station has been unattended since that point. 
Layout.
Shūrakuen Station has one island platform, and one side platform, serving four tracks (Track 2 is for through traffic, and has no platform).

</doc>
<doc id="19660586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660586" title="Kawada, Gunma">
Kawada, Gunma


</doc>
<doc id="19660590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660590" title="Winchester Model 54">
Winchester Model 54

The Winchester Model 54 is a bolt action rifle manufactured by the Winchester Repeating Arms Company. The 54 was the first successful production run civilian centerfire bolt action for Winchester.
Using a Mauser 98-type action, the 54 was a less-expensive derivation of the limited-production handmade Model 51 "Imperial" of 1919. The Model 54 was produced until 1936 when, with some modifications, it was reintroduced as the Winchester Model 70. The Model 54 had a relatively heavy two stage trigger pull, which was greatly improved in the Model 70.
Standard chamberings included the .22 Hornet, .220 Swift, .250-3000 Savage, .257 Roberts, .270 Winchester, 30-30 Winchester, .30-06 Springfield, 7x57mm Mauser, 7.65x53mm Argentine, and 9x57mm Mauser. Special order chamberings were made in .25-35 Winchester, .32 Winchester Special, and .35 Whelen.
Introduced prior to the popularity of telescopic sights, it was intended for use with open or aperture sights, and the bolt throw makes the addition of a scope difficult. 

</doc>
<doc id="19660621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660621" title="Heishe">
Heishe

Heishe or heishi (pronounced "hee shee") are small disc- or tube-shaped beads made of organic shells or ground and polished stones. They come from the Kewa Pueblo People (formerly Santo Domingo Pueblo) of New Mexico, before the use of metals in jewelry by that people. The name is the word for shell bead in the Eastern Keresan language of the Santo Domingo Indians.
The oldest specimens of heishe date back to around 6000 BCE, although the same technique was used in northern Africa 30,000 years ago, using ostrich eggshell.
Modern heishe beads are commonly mechanically mass-produced; however, some artists still handmake beads. The beads are hand-chipped, with holes drilled through their centers using pointed stones.

</doc>
<doc id="19660624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660624" title="Ursell function">
Ursell function

In statistical mechanics, an Ursell function or connected correlation function, is a cumulant of
a random variable. It is also called a connected correlation function as it can often be obtained by summing over 
connected Feynman diagrams (the sum over all Feynman diagrams gives the correlation functions).
The Ursell function was named after Harold Ursell, who introduced it in 1927.
Definition.
If "X" is a random variable, the moments "s""n" and cumulants (same as the Ursell functions) "u""n" are functions of "X" related by the exponential formula:
(where E is the expectation).
The Ursell functions for multivariate random variables are defined analogously to the above, and in the same way as multivariate cumulants.
The Ursell functions of a single random variable "X" are obtained from these by setting "X"="X"1=...="X""n".
The first few are given by

</doc>
<doc id="19660628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660628" title="Lyutoga River">
Lyutoga River

Lyutoga () — the river on Sakhalin island, third by size within the island. It flows through Kholmsk and Aniva districts of Sakhalin Oblast Region. Starting at the western slope of the Mitsulsky Mountain Ridge, which belongs to the system of Western Sakhalin Mountains. It flows along a wide valley from North to South, and discharges into the Aniva Bay of the Sea of Okhotsk. There is a town of Aniva () (with population of ca. 8,100 people) in the mouth of the river, the town used to have the same name as the river before 1905. There are several comparatively large villages located on Lyutoga banks (upstream to downstream): Pyatirechie () (ca. 600), Chaplanovo () (ca. 900), Ogon'ki () (ca. 400) and Petropavlovskoye () (ca. 400). 
The length of Lyutoga is 130 km, watershed — 1530 km². The river is fed mainly by melting snow. Average inclination is 0,37%, average discharge (near Ogon'ki Village) — 31,7 m³/s, average annual flow being about 1 km³. The width near the mouth is 145 m. The highest level of the river is usually observed in the end of April, the lowest - in the middle of September. From the beginning of December till middle of April the river is covered by ice.
The largest tributaries (in brackets - length, km): right — Bystraya (Podgornaya) (42), Chipian' (21), Kamenka (18), Okulovka (17); left — Tiobut (52), Bezymyanka (21), Chernozyomka (16), Narian-Mar (16).

</doc>
<doc id="19660643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660643" title="Pablo Herrera Barrantes">
Pablo Herrera Barrantes

Pablo Herrera Barrantes (born 14 February 1987, in Alajuela) is a Costa Rican professional footballer. He currently plays for Cartaginés.
Club career.
After playing for Alajuelense, Herrera joined Norwegian club Aalesund in August 2009. After the 2011-season, Aalesund and Herrera decided to terminate the contract, as Herrera never managed to recover from an injury.
International career.
Herrera is part of the Costa Rica national football team, his debut coming in a friendly against Peru on 22 August 2007. He scored his first goal in a 2010 FIFA World Cup qualifying match against the United States on 3 June 2009. He played also in Liga Deportiva Alajuelense and scores many goals including one to Saprissa 
Herrera also played at the 2007 FIFA U-20 World Cup in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="19660650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660650" title="Meelad Air">
Meelad Air

Meelad Air was a private aviation company and charter airline based in Amman, Jordan, specializing on short and long-term aircraft charter and lease, especially during Hajj and Umra season. It became operational in 2006 and was shut down again in 2008.
Fleet.
The Meelad Air fleet included the following aircraft (as of March 2009):
As of August 2010, Meelad's MD-83s operate under Sky Express' AOC.

</doc>
<doc id="19660655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660655" title="Jordan International Air Cargo">
Jordan International Air Cargo

Jordan International Air Cargo is a cargo airline based in Amman, Jordan.
Fleet.
The Jordan International Air Cargo fleet includes the following aircraft (as of 14 June 2011): 
Controversy.
In March 2013, The New York Times reported that Jordan International Air Cargo was a front organization for the Royal Jordanian Air Force and responsible for covertly flying arms to Turkey to aid Syrian rebels in the Syrian civil war.

</doc>
<doc id="19660671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660671" title="Alvin and the Chipmunks discography">
Alvin and the Chipmunks discography

This is the complete discography of the fictional music group Alvin and the Chipmunks.

</doc>
<doc id="19660681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660681" title="Heredity Commission">
Heredity Commission

The Heredity Commission was a eugenic advisory group to the government of the United States of America during the early 20th century. It was founded in 1906 by Willet M. Hays (1), Assistant Secretary of Agriculture and president and founder of the American Breeders' Association (ABA) 
Hays selected scientists who were members of the ABA. The purpose of the commission was "to investigate all proper means" of influencing heredity to "better the race". It aimed to increase "families of good blood" and to discourage the "vicious elements in the cross-bred American civilization." The commission was also asked to study if "a new species of human being could be consciously evolved."

</doc>
<doc id="19660685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660685" title="Azuma, Gunma (Tone)">
Azuma, Gunma (Tone)

Geography.
The Katashina River, a branch of Tone River, flows on the west side of the former village.

</doc>
<doc id="19660705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660705" title="Steptoe &amp; Johnson PLLC">
Steptoe &amp; Johnson PLLC

Steptoe & Johnson PLLC is a national Energy law firm in the U.S. with 14 offices in Colorado, Kentucky, Ohio, Pennsylvania. Texas and West Virginia. It is ranked by Energy Law 360 as the 12th largest energy firm in the nation with over 300 lawyers in 40 practice area. The firm offers legal services to energy producers throughout the U.S.
The firm has particular strengths in energy law, labor and employment law and litigation and has been top-ranked by Chambers USA in the areas of Corporate/Commercial, Litigation/General Commercial, Real Estate, Natural Resources and Labor & Employment. The firm was also ranked in the 100 largest U.S. practices in the areas of employment, energy, and insurance.
The firm is celebrating its 100th anniversary on September 13, 2013.
Philip P. Steptoe.
Born in 1877 in Brandy Station, Virginia, Philip P. Steptoe was the son of an Episcopal minister. He graduated from Virginia Law School in 1902 and soon became known as one of the leading chancery lawyers in West Virginia. Possessing a "keen analytical mind and sense of equality", Steptoe was considered quiet, reserved and very scholarly.
Louis A. Johnson.
Louis Arthur Johnson was born in Roanoke, Virginia in 1891. He was a heavyweight boxer and wrestler, graduated from Virginia Law School and traveled to West Virginia to launch his legal career. Known as "The Colonel", Johnson was a dignified, outgoing man. He served as the Assistant Secretary of War under President Franklin D. Roosevelt and was the Secretary of Defense under the President Harry S. Truman.
History.
The origins of Steptoe & Johnson PLLC date back to 1913. The firm was established in Clarksburg, West Virginia by Philip P. Steptoe and Louis A. Johnson, graduates of the University of Virginia Law School. The two men met when Johnson, preparing to take his first case before the West Virginia Supreme Court of Appeals, sought a mentor and approached Steptoe, an established attorney ten years his senior, who had a 'fine reputation as a low-key, methodical, and scholarly attorney.' They took an immediate liking to one another, complemented one another and attracted prominent clients. In 1980, there was an amicable separation of the Washington and West Virginia offices. As a result of this separation, the founding firm became known as Steptoe & Johnson PLLC and the D.C office formed the new Steptoe & Johnson LLP.
1913
Philip P. Steptoe and Louis A. Johnson established the law firm of Steptoe & Johnson in Clarksburg, West Virginia, due to its centralized location and variety of manufacturing, banking, mineral, and service-related industries; Clarksburg proved to be an ideal base of operations. Steptoe & Johnson soon became prominent in the fields of energy, banking, insurance, litigation, mineral real estate, and public utility law.
The 1920s
The firm continued to grow and in 1928, Steptoe & Johnson opened an office in the State capital of Charleston, which facilitated the expansion of the firm’s practice before the West Virginia Supreme Court of Appeals, its interaction with numerous West Virginia regulatory agencies, and its involvement in various legislative activities.
The 1940s
In 1945, the firm opened its Washington, D.C. office. Initially specializing in post-war governmental regulation, the firm rapidly expanded its national practice in many substantive areas.
The 1950s & 60s
The firm acquired major national and international clients in airline, energy, railroad, banking, insurance, steel & chemical manufacturing, publishing, and public finance sectors.
1970s
Steptoe & Johnson continued to grow, and its three offices employed 175 attorneys and more than 300 support personnel. The Washington office grew to be one of the five largest in the District of Columbia in the1970s.
The 1980s
In 1980, the firm divided into two separate law firms – one in West Virginia and one in Washington, D.C., - each continuing its practice under the Steptoe & Johnson name. The Washington office became Steptoe & Johnson LLP. The founding partnership of Steptoe & Johnson continued its practice in the Clarksburg and Charleston, West Virginia offices and now is known as Steptoe & Johnson PLLC. In 1988, the firm opened an office in Morgantown, West Virginia.
The 1990s
In 1990, Steptoe & Johnson acquired Avey & Steptoe, a prominent Martinsburg firm with almost fifty years of experience in the general practice of law. The firm continued its expansion by adding an office in Wheeling, West Virginia in 1994.
The 2000s
In September 2003, the firm opened an office in Huntington, West Virginia. The decision to move to Huntington came at the encouragement of clients and allowed the firm to continue to expand the practice in southeastern Ohio. In 2007, Steptoe & Johnson opened its first regional office in Columbus, Ohio, thus expanding its presence as a regional law firm with particular strengths in energy, labor, litigation, and business. In January 2009, Susan S. Brewer succeeded Robert M. Steptoe, Jr. as the CEO and managing partner of the firm while becoming the first female managing member of a major West Virginia law firm. Under her direction, the firm opened an office in Lexington, Kentucky in June 2010, adding an eighth location.
The 2010s
In August 2010, after 97 years in its original location, the firm’s Clarksburg office was moved to the newly erected Steptoe & Johnson office building in the White Oaks business park in Bridgeport, West Virginia. In September 2010, Steptoe & Johnson acquired the energy practice group of the western Pennsylvania firm of Culbertson, Weiss, Schetroma and Schug, P.C. (CWSS), opening its first Pennsylvania office and its ninth regional office. In October 2010, Steptoe & Johnson acquired the Columbus based firm of Carpenter Lane and integrated their litigation and business practices into its Columbus office. In December 2010, the firm opened its tenth office, and its second office in Pennsylvania. The office, located in the Southpointe Business Park in Canonsburg, Pennsylvania, was opened to serve the needs of the burgeoning Marcellus shale gas industry. In 2013, Steptoe & Johnson opened their Canton, Ohio office and their second location in The Woodlands, a planned business community in the Houston, Texas area.
Offices.
Steptoe & Johnson PLLC has 14 offices in the continental U.S.:
References.
9. http://www.steptoe-johnson.com/business-essentials/default.aspx

</doc>
<doc id="19660709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660709" title="Nationalsozialistischer Reichsbund für Leibesübungen">
Nationalsozialistischer Reichsbund für Leibesübungen

The Nationalsozialistischer Reichsbund für Leibesübungen (NSRL), more rarely "NSRBL", (meaning: "National Socialist League of the Reich for Physical Exercise"), known as Deutscher Reichsbund für Leibesübungen (DRL) until 1938, was the umbrella organization for sports during the Third Reich.
The NSRL was led by the "Reichssportführer", who after 1934 was at the same time presiding over the German National Olympic Committee. The NSRL's leaders were Hans von Tschammer und Osten (1933–1943), Arno Breitmeyer (1943–1944) and Karl Ritter von Halt (1944–1945).
History.
Forerunner organizations.
The 1916 Summer Olympics had been awarded to Berlin, but were canceled because of the duration of World War I. The "Deutscher Reichsausschuss für Olympische Spiele" (DRA or DRAfOS) ""German Imperial Commission for Olympic Games"", was the German Olympic Sports organization at that time.
In 1917 the "German Imperial Commission for Olympic Games" was renamed Deutscher Reichsausschuss für Leibesübungen (DRA), (sometimes also DRL or, more rarely, DRAfL) (""German Imperial Commission for Physical Exercise""). The name change reflected Germany's protest against the fact that Germany and other Central Powers were being excluded from the "Olympic family" which was dominated by the Entente Powers.
The Deutscher Reichsausschuss für Leibesübungen was led by Theodor Lewald and Carl Diem was its Secretary General. Even though it saw itself as the pan-German umbrella organization for sports, the fact is that it did not represent all types of sports and sports associations of Germany. A great number of sport clubs, especially those stemming from industrial workers' background, had not joined the DRA.
After the Enabling Act, which legally gave Hitler dictatorial control of Germany in March 1933, all sports organizations connected to the Social Democratic Party, the Communist Party, and even to the church, were banned. This ban affected especially the sports clubs of industrial workers, most of which were called to split up on their own "(Selbstauflösung)" before the first semester of 1933 was over. The more conservative nationalistic and bourgeois clubs were allowed to subsist into the following year.
On April 12, 1933 Theodor Lewald gave in to the Nazi authorities and resigned as leader of the German Sports Office after it was revealed his paternal grandmother was Jewish. The Nazi minister of the interior Wilhelm Frick, interfered with the process of the election of a new Sports leader and the decision was made by a hurriedly-instituted three-men commission. Thus, in April 1933, Hans von Tschammer und Osten, a figure formerly unknown in German sports, was named "Reichskommissar für Turnen und Sport" (Commissioner for Gymnastics and Sports of the Reich). Von Tschammer, however, would keep his predecessor in a high position in the sports body, and years later he would appoint Theodor Lewald as president of the Organizing Committee of the Berlin Olympic Games.
Hans von Tschammer und Osten was a SA group leader and promoter of Nazism. In the name of "gleichschaltung" he disbanded the "Deutscher Reichsausschuss für Leibesübungen" on May 5, 1933 (officially on May 10). Von Tschammer was then elevated to "Reichssportführer" on July 19 and the whole sports sphere in Germany was placed under his power.
Sports and propaganda in Nazi Germany: The Aryan ideal.
The Deutscher Reichsbund für Leibesübungen (DRL) was established on July 27, 1934 as the official Sports governing body of the Third Reich. It would quickly become a formidable system within the German nation.
After the DRL's foundation all other German sport associations gradually lost their freedom and were coopted into the DRL as mere units ("Fachämter"). Even the most prestigious ones, like the German Football Association (DFB) lost their independence. Von Tschammer's goal was to build a formidable Nazi sports body to which all German sports associations would be submitted. His vision was that physical exercise would ""improve the morale and productivity of German workers"" as well as making sports a source of national pride for the Germans. Sporting skills were made a criterion for school graduation as well as a necessary qualification for certain jobs and admission to universities.
Among the controversial measures taken by the Sports Office of the Reich at the time, the staging of the massive Reichssportfest event on Trinity Sunday was a decision that shocked devout Catholics.
In 1935 journalist Guido von Mengden, was named public relations officer of the Reich Sports Office. He became the personal advisor and consultant of the "Reichssportführer" in 1936. A committed Nazi, von Mengden became the chief editor of NS-Sport, the official organ of the Reich Sports Office.
Other DRL/NSRL publications included "Dietwart", a sports magazine with excellent illustrations and "Sport und Staat" (Sports and State), a massive four-volume Nazi propaganda report on the organized sports activities in the Third Reich. "Sport und Staat" was made by Arno Breitmeyer and Hitler's personal photographer Heinrich Hoffmann. This lavishly illustrated work had many pictures and information about the various Nazi organizations, i.e. SA, NSKK, Bund Deutscher Mädel, Hitler Jugend, etc. Printed in 1934 by the publishing house of the German Sports Aid Funds, a branch of the DRL, only volume one and two of a planned series of four volumes were published.
The aims of the promotion of sports in the Third Reich included hardening the spirit of every German as well as making German citizens feel that they were part of a wider national purpose. This was in line with the ideals of Friedrich Ludwig Jahn, the "Father of physical exercises", who connected the steeling of one's own body to a healthy spirit and promoted the idea of a unified, strong Germany. A more controversial aim was the demonstration of Aryan physical superiority.
Von Tschammer's impressively staged events of sports pageantry not only enhanced the physical activity, but also the nationalism of Germans. Nordic aesthetic beauty and commitment to Germanic ideals of race went hand in hand during the Third Reich, and von Tschammer und Osten implemented a policy of racial exclusion within sports. Athletes of Jewish origin were excluded from participation in relevant sporting events.
1936 Olympic Games: Zenith of the Nazi Sports Office.
In 1936 Hans von Tschammer und Osten, as the head of the Deutscher Reichsbund für Leibesübungen, played a major role in the structure and coordination of the Summer Olympics in Berlin. The Olympic games, the first in history to have live television coverage, provided an ideal setting to showcase the Nazi regime and what Hitler deemed to be his exploits.
As Secretary General of the Organizing Committee of the Berlin Olympic Games, Carl Diem, the former secretary of the Deutscher Reichsausschuss für Leibesübungen (DRA), the forerunner of the DRL/NSRL, became the chief organizer of the Berlin Olympic Games. Diem held high posts in the Reichs Sports office even after the Olympics, being named leader of the Foreign Department of the Nationalsocialist Sports Office in 1939 by the "Reichssportführer". As such Carl Diem was responsible for the issues of German athletes in foreign countries, as well as for the international affairs of the NSRL.
Von Tschammer trusted the organization of the Fourth Winter Olympics in Garmisch-Partenkirchen to Karl Ritter von Halt, whom he named President of the Committee for the organization of the Winter Games. As a result of the prestige acquired in this event, Karl Ritter von Halt would be elected member of the Executive Committee of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) in 1937, a post von Tschammer craved but was not able to obtain.
The German eagle with the swastika on the chest, worn as a badge by the athletes of the Olympic team of the Third Reich, became the official symbol of the Nazi Sports Body; "the swastika on the eagle's chest displays ... the ideology of the DRL" "(“Das Hakenkreuz aber, welches der Adler in seinen Schwingen trägt, bekennt, aus welcher Gesinnung ... im DRL gearbeitet wird)".
The verbal salutation "Heil Hitler!" was introduced by von Tschammer on December 12, 1936 as the official formal salutation by members of German sport organisations in the sport events that would be organized from that date onwards. The Nazi salute had already been introduced three years before by Josef Klein. On March 17, 1937, all German athletes were called by Hans von Tschammer und Osten to join the Hitler Youth.
In 1937 two cricket (Germanized into "Kricket" by the DRL) test matches between a German team and a British team from Worcester took place in Berlin.
Expansion of Germany: Beginning of the decline.
Austria's annexation by Germany in March 1938 brought the budding Austrian Nationalliga to an early end. Numerous football teams were disbanded and some players fled the country. All Austrian sports associations were absorbed by the system of the DRL as Gau XVII section under "Gaufachwart" Hans Janisch. The Hitler salute was introduced as compulsory before and after every game. Finally, the operation of junior sports teams was handed over to the local Hitlerjugend units.
Despised by Nazis as unworthy of a true German, professionalism in sports was outlawed by the DRL in May 1938. Felix Linnemann, the German Football Association (DFB) president, was one of the greatest campaigners for amateurism in sports in Nazi Germany. In 1940, the already powerless German Football Association was finally wound up.
Following the 1938 Munich Agreement and the liquidation of Czechoslovakia as a state, the ethnic Sudeten German football teams played in the Gauliga Sudetenland. The NSRL formed two groups in 1939, which were raised to three in 1941. None of these teams were able to make it to the final stages of the German football champions. Czech clubs continued to play their own Bohemia/Moravia championship A separate Gauliga for the Czech teams of the territories occupied by Germany, Gauliga Böhmen und Mähren, was formed by the NSRL in 1943.
The last big sports event organized in its trademark grandiose style by the NSRL was the "Deutsches Turn- und Sportfest" (German Gym and Sports Celebration) in Breslau (now Wroclaw) in July 1938. This highly nationalistic sports event commemorated the 125th anniversary of the German Wars of Liberation against Napoleon and the first award of the Iron Cross in the city of Breslau itself in 1813.
On December the 21st 1938, a decree was issued by Adolf Hitler changing the name of the Reich Sports Body to Nationalsozialistischer Reichsbund für Leibesübungen (NSRL), thereby "elevating it to an organization served by the NSDAP". This name change meant that the NSRL would be "placed under" the Nazi Party. Its seat would be the Haus des Deutschen Sports (House of the German Sports) in the Reichssportfeld (Sports Field of the Reich) in Berlin.
Twilight and end of the Nazi Sports Office.
World War II radically altered the role of the NSRL in Germany and the areas under its leadership. Dire war preparations would make the influence of physical exercises in Nazi German society wane in favour of militarism. The massive sports pageantry events in the large cities, carefully organized to arouse nationalistic fervor, were replaced by military parades of German warriors. Successful sportsmen found it increasingly difficult to compete with frontline war heroes in capturing the attention of the German public.
Even though the NSRL continued playing a big role in sporting activities among the youth for a few years, the atmosphere had changed. Many Germans had to go to fight to the fronts, so the NSRL concentrated in training and staging local or regional events for younger athletes. Already in 1940 monetary funds for organizing sporting venues, like the prestigious Kiel Week sailing competition, were not forthcoming. Contributors felt emboldened to deny funds to the formerly influential branches of the Nazi Sports Office owing to the war-related shifting of priorities. During this time the NSRL sold lottery tickets as a source of self-financement.
Von Tschammer's influence and power within the NSDAP also began rapidly eroding despite having been a committed topmost Nazi leader. He would, however, never witness Germany's defeat and humiliation in the war, for he died from pneumonia in Berlin in March 1943. Arno Breitmeyer, a fellow SA officer became the new "Reichssportführer".
As the war dragged on, a huge amount of members of the many branches of the NSRL, among them youngsters in their early teens, had to go to fight to the fronts. Since players were not available, except in shoddily-organized military sports events in scattered frontline locations, sports life in Germany came practically to a standstill. The last "von Tschammer und Osten Pokal" football trophy was played in Vienna in 1943 and the following two years plunged the NSRL into irrelevance. The once mighty Nazi Sports Body had to give up its weight and its position of pride long before the war was lost.
On May 31, 1945, after Nazi Germany's defeat in World War II, the American Military Government issued a special law outlawing the Nazi party and all of its branches. Known as "Law number five", this Denazification decree disbanded the NS Reichsbund für Leibesübungen along with all its facilities and departments.
The disbandment of the NSRL meant that all the sports organizations of Germany had to be established anew during the postwar reconstruction of both West Germany and the DDR. Even after German reunification in 1990, there has never been such a powerful and all-encompassing sports organization in Germany as the DRL/NSRL was at its height.
Structure.
As a sports governing body seeking to control and integrate all sport activities in Germany, the DRL/NSRL provided a highly organized structure. This structuralization, whose nationalistic seriousness was often outright theatrical, was in line with the Nazi Party's goal of reminding Germans constantly that they were members of a large extended country, the Third Reich. According to Paragraph 2 of the DRL's Statutes: "The purpose of the League of the Reich for Physical Exercise is the training of the body and character of Germans grouped together in member organizations through planned physical exercises and care of the national conscience (Volksbewußtsein) in the spirit of the National Socialist state".
Regarding method and purpose, and keeping aside the ideology, the well-ordered and solemn DRL/NSRL system proved itself efficient. The 1936 Summer Olympics, as well as other key events, provided ample opportunity to test the good organization that the Sports Body of the Reich was able to provide. The NSRL's obvious competence succeeded in instilling a spirit of unity and pride among the German sportsmen and women as well as their supporters. Moreover, even if not duly credited, many of the NSRL's systemic improvements in sports are still in use in today's sports organizations.
By Sport.
Besides the departments above, certain competences of the NSRL as a league were served by sports federations some of which still exist today:
"(1) The “Summer Games” include the following games known collectively as “Turnspiele“ in German: Schlagball (a German bat-and-ball sport), Fistball, Korbball (closely related to korfball), Schleuderball and Ringtennis."
By region.
The regional structure of the NSRL followed the Nazi Party model. Often two or more gaue were included in one region where it was expedient to do so.
"(1) Thuringia, Anhalt and the Province of Saxony. — (2) Schleswig-Holstein, Hamburg and Mecklenburg. — (3) The Palatinate and (from 1935 onwards) the Saar Region. — (4) Austria from 1938 onwards ."
Distribution of members.
By January first 1937 the Nationalsozialistischer Reichsbund für Leibesübungen had 45,096 Associations with 3,582,776 active members (of which 517,992 were female and 3,064,784 male). On April first 1939 there were 44,622 Associations with 3,668,206 active members (of which 526,084 were female). The kind of sports practiced were the following:
"Numbering according to Departments and Departmental Federations."
Events.
Championships in the individual types of sports were duly organized by the corresponding associations and federations. Among the events directly organized by the NS Reichsbund für Leibesübungen the most important were:

</doc>
<doc id="19660714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660714" title="Aristida divaricata">
Aristida divaricata

Aristida divaricata is a species of grass known by the common name poverty threeawn. It is native to the Americas from the central United States to Guatemala. It is a perennial grass forming clumps of unbranched stems up to 70 centimeters tall. Leaves are mostly basal and roll along the edges. The sparse inflorescence is a wide, flat, open array of spikelets that break apart easily. The grain has a twisted tip and three awns up to 2 centimeters long. 

</doc>
<doc id="19660724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660724" title="KCXY">
KCXY

KCXY (95.3 FM, "Y95") is a radio station licensed to serve East Camden, Arkansas, USA. The station broadcasts a mainstream country format, serving the El Dorado-Camden-Magnolia area.
The station is currently owned by RadioWorks, Inc. and features programing from ABC Radio. Y95 is the area's official home for Arkansas Razorback sports, Camden-Fairview Cardinal sports, and other sporting events throughout the year.

</doc>
<doc id="19660725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660725" title="Loco (Apache)">
Loco (Apache)

Loco (1823–1905 or 1909) was an Mimbreno Apache chief.
Name.
It is unknown whence Loco received his name. One theory suggests that he was named for the fact that he was "'crazy' enough to trust the white men." Another theory says that he got his name from his actions at a battle against the Mexicans, where he supposedly braved gunfire in order to save an injured warrior.
Time as chief.
Unlike the militant Geronimo, Loco was an advocate for peace. After the death of Mangas Coloradas, the Mimbrenos assimilated into the Warm Springs tribe, and Loco, along with Victorio, became chiefs. In 1882, when a party of Apaches including Geronimo pressured Loco to leave for Mexico, Loco instead waged guerilla warfare against the Chiricahuas. In 1886, Loco went to Washington, D.C. to negotiate; however, like Geronimo, he was made prisoner and sent to Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="19660732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660732" title="Princess Maria Cristina of Bourbon-Two Sicilies">
Princess Maria Cristina of Bourbon-Two Sicilies

Princess Maria Cristina of Bourbon-Two Sicilies (Full Italian name: Maria Cristina Carolina Pia Carmela Giuseppa Antonia Anna Luitgarda Speranza Lucia Caterina Apollonia Cecilia Agata di Borbone; 10 April 1877 – 4 October 1947) was the titular Grand Duchess of Tuscany from 28 February 1942 to 4 October 1947 as wife of Archduke Peter Ferdinand of Austria, Prince of Tuscany, the titular Grand Duke.
Family.
Maria Cristina was the daughter of Prince Alfonso of Bourbon-Two Sicilies, Count of Caserta and his wife Princess Maria Antonietta of Bourbon-Two Sicilies.
Marriage and issue.
Maria Cristina married Archduke Peter Ferdinand of Austria, Prince of Tuscany, fourth child and third son of Ferdinand IV, Grand Duke of Tuscany and his wife Alice of Bourbon-Parma, on 8 November 1900 in Cannes. Maria Cristina and Peter Ferdinand had four children:

</doc>
<doc id="19660734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660734" title="Jean-Nickolaus Tretter Collection in Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual and Transgender Studies">
Jean-Nickolaus Tretter Collection in Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual and Transgender Studies

The Jean-Nickolaus Tretter Collection in Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual and Transgender Studies is a collection of LGBT historical materials housed in the Special Collections and Rare Books section of the University of Minnesota Libraries. It is located underground in the Elmer L. Andersen special collections facilities on the University of Minnesota's Minneapolis campus. The Tretter Collection houses over 40,000 items, making it one of the largest GLBT history collections in the United States. The collection is international in scope and a varied in media.
Although books are the core of the collection (including a large holding of gay pulp fiction), substantial sections include textiles, glassware, film, music, art works, and three-dimensional objects such as statuary, event buttons, and furniture. The collection includes unpublished manuscripts, vertical files, and periodicals in approximately 56 languages. Much of the material is from people and organizations in the United States during the last third of the twentieth century.
Among the significant archival holdings are:
The collection was started by Jean-Nickolaus Tretter, a Minnesota-born archivist in the late 1970s, and later donated to the University of Minnesota Libraries.
Selected items from the collection and timelines are frequently assembled and displayed worldwide. Recent displays have been at the Motor City Pride in Michigan in 2007 and 2009, and the first Moscow, Russia Pride Festival in May, 2006.
In 2005 the collection started its official newsletter, "The Tretter Letter." 

</doc>
<doc id="19660737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660737" title="Javier Delgado Prado">
Javier Delgado Prado

Javier Delgado Prado (born 28 July 1968) is a former professional football player and coach.
Delgado made 33 appearances for the Costa Rica national football team, including qualifying matches for the 1998 FIFA World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19660751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660751" title="Loving Proof">
Loving Proof

Loving Proof is the second album of Country Music artist Ricky Van Shelton. The Singles, "I'll Leave This World Loving You", "From a Jack to a King", and "Living Proof" all reached number one on the charts."Hole In My Pocket" reached number 4. The album was certified platinum by the RIAA on December 20, 1989.
"From a Jack to a King" is a cover of Ned Miller's crossover hit from 1962. "He's Got You" was first performed by Patsy Cline as the opening track on her 1963 album, "Sentimentally Yours".
Personnel.
As listed in liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="19660756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660756" title="Constantin Antoniade">
Constantin Antoniade

Constantin Antoniade (1880–1954) was a Romanian jurist, writer, historian, philosopher and diplomat.
As a historian he was a concerned mainly with the Renaissance. He also translated works of John Ruskin and Thomas Carlyle into Romanian.
He participated in the Paris Peace Conference of 1919 as juridical expert. As a diplomat he was Romanian representative to the League of Nations from 1928 to 1936. After the Communist regime took power in Romania, Constantin Antoniade received the authorization from Iuliu Maniu and Dinu Brătianu to make contacts in the western countries on behalf of the Romanian Liberal Party and the National Peasants' Party.
In 1948, Constantin Antoniade served as member of the Directing Committee of the Association for the Help of Romanian Refugees CAROMAN, created in Paris founded by Nicholas Caranfil as a representative of the Free Romanian Red Cross. The other members of the committee were Raoul Bossy, Mihai Răuţ and Dan Geblescu.

</doc>
<doc id="19660764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660764" title="Akagine, Gunma">
Akagine, Gunma


</doc>
<doc id="19660768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660768" title="Station 28 Minneapolis Fire Department">
Station 28 Minneapolis Fire Department

Station 28 of the Minneapolis Fire Department is a fire station at 2724 West 43rd Street in the Linden Hills neighborhood of Minneapolis, Minnesota. The station was built in 1914, during a time when the population of Minneapolis was growing rapidly. The Linden Hills neighborhood was evolving from a remote lakeside community to a neighborhood fully integrated into the city. This period of expansion also saw the construction of Lake Harriet Public School in 1898, city sewers in 1905, and Linden Hills Community Library in 1911.
The station was the second-to-last station originally built by the city, and it was the first to be designed solely for motorized equipment. The earlier horse-drawn rigs required more space and time, as well as upkeep for the horses. Motorized fire engines were less expensive and more efficient, and they were able to cover more territory with a decreased response time.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993. The building has since been converted to office space, while Station 28 is now housed in a building at 2810 West 50th Street.
For at least the past four years, there has been a restaurant, Cafe 28, located on the street level of this building.

</doc>
<doc id="19660793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660793" title="Johnny Ballantyne">
Johnny Ballantyne

Johnny Ballantyne was an early twentieth century Scottish football (soccer) inside forward who played professionally in Scotland, England and the United States.
Ballantyne began his career with Partick Thistle in 1921. In 1924, after signing a one season contract with Thistle including a signing bonus, he moved to the United States where he signed with the Boston Soccer Club of the American Soccer League. This nearly led to the suspension of the United States Football Association, an action prevented by stronger agreements between FIFA member associations on player transfer rules. Ballantyne spent four seasons with Boston before returning to Thistle in 1929. Ballantyne played for Thisle until 1935 when he was briefly with Falkirk F.C. before moving to Queens Park Rangers. He finished his career with them in 1936.

</doc>
<doc id="19660824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660824" title="Aristida oligantha">
Aristida oligantha

Aristida oligantha is a species of grass known by the common names prairie threeawn and oldfield threeawn. 
It is native to the United States and southern Canada, and it is known from northern Mexico. It is a grass of many types of habitat, and it grows easily in dry areas with sandy or gravelly soils. It appears in disturbed and burned areas and is sometimes a weed of roadsides and railroads. 
This is an annual forming clumps of branching gray-green and purple-tinted stems about 30 to 70 centimeters tall. The inflorescence is an open array of spikelets. The grain has three spreading awns, the central one reaching up to 7 centimeters long and the other two slightly shorter.

</doc>
<doc id="19660832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660832" title="Sheena &amp; The Rokkets">
Sheena &amp; The Rokkets

They debuted on 1978-11-23 as the opening act for Elvis Costello's Japan Tour. In 1979, Yellow Magic Orchestra (Haruomi Hosono) produced their 2nd Album "Shinkuu Pack" "Vacuum Pack". In 1980, they shared four shows with The Ramones in Tokyo. In 1981, they were invited by A&M Records in Los Angeles, where they re-recorded an English version, released as "SHEENA & THE ROKKETS IN USA". 
The artists have some solo recordings. Sheena made her Solo Album "Beautiful" (Yen Label), Makoto Ayukawa "Kool-Solo" (ALFA Records) and in 1992, he made a London Recordings with Wilko Johnson (Ex- Dr. FEELGOOD), released as "LONDON SESSION #1 & #2".
Their singles, "You May Dream", "Lazy Crazy Blues", "Omae-ga Hoshii want you", "Pin-up Baby Blues", "Sweet Inspiration", "Rock On Baby (Music; Makoto Ayukawa, Lyrics; ayu yu -阿久悠)" are their most popular hits.
Their single "Lemon Tea" is widely covered in Japan, by, for example, Mad Soldiers, the Red Pepper Girls and Hitomi. Their latest album is "JAPANIK" (Lyrics by Chris Mosdell, who has also worked with them on earlier songs).

</doc>
<doc id="19660850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660850" title="Yunohara, Gunma">
Yunohara, Gunma


</doc>
<doc id="19660852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660852" title="France–India relations">
France–India relations

France–India relations have traditionally been close and friendly. With the establishment of the strategic partnership in 1998, there has been a significant progress in all areas of bilateral cooperation through regular high-level exchanges at the Head of State/Head of Government levels and growing commercial exchanges including in strategic areas such as defence, nuclear energy and space. France was the first country with which India entered into an agreement on nuclear energy following the waiver given by International Atomic Energy Agency and the Nuclear Suppliers’ Group enabling India to resume full civil nuclear cooperation with the international community. There is also a growing and wide-ranging cooperation in areas such as trade and investment, culture, science & technology and education.France has consistently supported India’s permanent membership of the UNSC.
Prime Minister Dr. Manmohan Singh and President Hollande met on the sidelines of the G20 Summit in Los Cabos on 19 June 2012. This was his first meeting with the French President.
There has been a regular exchange of visits at the highest level - former French President Sarkozy undertook his second visit to India from 4–7 December 2010 (first visit on 25–26 January 2008) at the invitation of the Prime Minister. The Prime Minister of India was the Guest of Honour at the 14 July Bastille Day Celebrations in 2009.
History.
In the 17th century François Bernier (1625–1688), a French physician and traveler, became for 12 years the personal physician of the Mughal emperor Aurangzeb.
In the early 18th century, France was actively involved in the powerplay in India. The French General Dupleix was allied to Murzapha Jung in the Deccan, and Chanda Sahib in the Carnatic, in the conflict against Robert Clive.
The French succeeded in the 1746 Battle of Madras, and the French and Indians fought together and vanquished Anwaruddin in 1749, but failed in the Battle of Arcot in 1751 and finally surrendered in 1752. The French again had a success at the capture of Fort St. David in 1758 under Lally, but were finally defeated at Masulipatam (1759) and Wandewash (1760).
France was one of the major European nations apart from Great Britain to establish colonies in India, establishing the Madras Presidency (covering the modern Indian states of Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu). France ceded much of the Madras Presidency to the British but retained control of Pondicherry, Karikal, Yanam, and Mahé, as well as maintaining a foothold in Chandannagar, now in West Bengal.
France established diplomatic relations with the newly independent India in 1947. Both nations negotiated the peaceful transfer of Pondicherry and the other enclaves to India, which was completed by 1954.
In 1998, the then-French President Jacques Chirac made a high-profile visit to India, expressing his desire to build an "ambitious relationship," Chirac saluted India as "a nation which has affirmed its personality on the world stage." In January 2008, French President Nicolas Sarkozy visited India and was the chief guest at India's Republic Day parade. Sarkozy expressed a desire to be able to visit India each year. In September 2008, Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh made a major visit to France that led to the establishment of Indo-French trade in nuclear technology.
Development of bilateral relations.
Both states have aimed to increase bilateral trade from 6.5 billion euros to 12 billion euros by 2012; in 2007, trade expanded by 26%. France and India established a Consortrium of Indo-French Universities to increase educational cooperation - approximately 1,300 Indian students study in France. India and France have also signed agreements on social security for Indians living in France and joint cooperation on space research and technology. This resulted in the Megha-Tropiques mission wherein a meteorological research satellite jointly developed by India's Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) and France's Centre National d’Etudes Spatiales (CNES) was placed in orbit by ISRO's Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle (PSLV-C18) on October 12, 2011.
In 2012, India launched a French satellite Spot-6 through the PSLV. Similarly, on February 25, 2013, ISRO launched SARAL, an Indo-French satellite jointly developed by ISRO and CNES.
Institutional Structure for dialogue.
France and India have instituted a Strategic Dialogue at the level of National Security Advisors whose 24th round took place in New Delhi on September 4, 2012. The latest round of Annual Foreign Office Consultations at the level of Foreign Secretaries was held in New Delhi on June 28, 2012. The 3rd meeting of the JWG on Counter-terrorism was held in New Delhi on November 19–20, 2012. The High Level Committee for Defence Cooperation (HCDC) at the level of Defence Secretaries, met in New Delhi on 26–27 April 2012. The 11th meeting of the Indo-French Research Forum (IFRF) was held in Paris from 17–19 December 2012. The 16th session of theJoint Committee for Economic andTechnical Cooperation, at the level of Ministers of Commerce which deals with issues related to commerce and trade, was held on 23–25 June 2010 in Paris.
The Indo-French CEOs Forum, formed in 2009, has been tasked to identify new 
avenues for cooperation and take initiatives to facilitate business links between both 
countries. The fifth meeting of India France CEOs’ Forum was held in New Delhi on 
22–23 November 2012.
Strategic cooperation.
France and India have extensive strategic co-operation, with the military services of both nations conducting joint exercises. India has purchased much military equipment from France, especially the French Mirage 2000 fighter aircraft and the Scorpène class submarines. France was one of the few nations who did not condemn India's nuclear tests in 1998 and has supported India's bid to become a permanent member of the U.N. Security Council as well as G-8. France is one of the largest suppliers of nuclear fuel to India, and signed a "Framework Agreement for Civil Nuclear Co-operation" in January 2008 during French President Nicolas Sarkozy's visit to India. During the Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's visit to France after India's waiver from the Nuclear Suppliers Group (NSG), both nations signed an agreement that would pave the way for the sale of French-made nuclear reactors to India on September 30, 2008. France and India also maintain a discreet "strategic dialogue" that covers joint cooperation against terrorism. However, India has objected to France's military assistance to Pakistan, with whom it is in conflict. In July 2009 the French government invited Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to be their chief guest at the French Bastille day celebrations. Sarkozy has also been the chief guest at India's Republic Day celebrations. Both countries pledged for closer economic, strategic & cultural cooperation on this occasion. During Sarkozy's visit to India in Dec 2010, a deal worth $10bn was signed between Areva and NPCIL for nuclear power plant in Jaitapur, Maharasthra
Indo French Trade & Investment.
Indo-French bilateral trade has been growing though it has still not reached the € 12 billion target set by both the Governments during the visit of the French President to India in January 2008. In 2011, bilateral trade had increased by 6% to € 7.46 billion. In the first ten months of 2012, there has been a decrease of 3.71% in the bilateral trade over the same period of 2011.
Trade in Services.
Based on annual data, the Indian exports of services to France have shown a growth in the last three years reaching € 1.32 bn in 2011 while the imports from France fell to € 0.66 bn in the same year.
Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) approvals.
France is the 9th largest foreign investor in India with a cumulative investment of approximately USD 3 billion was of the order of USD 2.98 billion during the period April 2000 to June 2012 which represents 2% of total inflows. The technical and financial collaborations approved with France number 952. Top sectors attracting FDI inflows from France are Chemicals (other than fertilizers) (18.80%), Cement and Gypsum Products (15.82%), Services Sector (financial & non-financial) (9.41%), Fuels (power & oil refinery) (6.47%) & Electrical Equipments (including computer software & electronics) (5.34%) and auto sector. There are about 800 French companies in India (subsidiaries or JVs, representative offices or branch offices with about 150,000 
employees).
In 2011, India was the 13th largest foreign investor in France in terms of project numbers. Indian Investments in France have been growing and Indian companies have invested around Euro 1 billion from April 1996 in different sectors like pharmaceuticals (Ranbaxy and Wockhardt), Software (Tata Consultancy Services, Infosys & Wipro), Wine (Kingfisher), Steel (Tata, Electrosteel), Plastics (Sintex). 
Railway wagons (Titagarh Wagons), Aerospace (Cades/Axis) & Autoparts (Jyoti) etc.110 Indian-owned companies, including 27 greenfield investments, are present in France and are employing over 5,600 persons.
Civil Nuclear Energy Cooperation.
A landmark Agreement on Civil Nuclear Cooperation was signed between India and France on 30 September 2008 during the visit of Prime Minister Dr. Manmohan Singh to France. Subsequently, during the visit of President Nicolas Sarkozy to India from 4–7 December 2010, the General Framework Agreement and the Early Works Agreement between NPCIL and Areva for implementation of EPR NPP Units at Jaitapur were signed.
Space Cooperation.
France and India view each other as important partners in space technology and applications. Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) and its French counterpart Centre National de Etudes Spatiales (CNES) have a rich history of cooperation and collaboration spanning about four decades. Scientific community of these two nations cooperates in joint radiation experiment, space components development and space 
education.
ISRO and CNES (French National Space Agency) have an umbrella agreement, operating successfully since 1993, under which joint missions like Megha-Tropiques and SARAL have been taken up. Under a commercial Launch Service Agreement between Antrix Corporation Limited (ANTRIX), the commercial arm of ISRO and ASTRIUM SAS, a Company under EADS, France, an advanced Remote Sensing satellite - SPOT -6 built by ASTRIUM.
SAS was successfully launched on-board ISRO's Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle (PSLV – C21) on 9 September 2012.Arianespace based at France has been the major provider of launch services to Indian Geo-Stationary satellites. Subsequent to the launch of APPLE satellite on a co-operative mode, 14 Geo-Stationary satellites of India have been launched by Ariane on a commercial basis. On 28 September 2012, India’s GSAT-10 was successfully launched onboard Ariane 5 launcher from Kourou, French Guyana.
Defence Cooperation.
A 400-strong contingent of the Indian armed forces led the Bastille Day parade in 2009 for which the Prime Minister of India was the Guest of Honour - the first time ever that Indian troops took part in another country’s national day parade. Under the framework of the structured talks under the Indo-French Defence Cooperation Agreement several meetings on industrial collaboration and service exchanges are held regularly. The High Level Committee for Defence Cooperation (HCDC) at the level of Defence Secretaries, met in New Delhi on 26–27 April 2012. The 11th meeting of the Indo-French Research Forum (IFRF) was held in Paris from 17–19 December 2012. The 16th session of the Joint Committee for Economic and Technical Cooperation, at the level of Ministers of Commerce which deals with issues related to commerce and trade, was held on 23–25 June 2010 in Paris. Indo-French Air Force Exercise Garuda IV was held at Istres air base in France from 14–25 June 2010. Indo - French Naval Exercise, Varuna was held in the Mediterranean sea off the port of Toulon from 19–22 July 2012. The first IndiaFrance joint army exercise named Shakti was conducted in India at Chaubattia from 9–22 October 2011.
Government of India has selected Rafale from Dassault Aviation, France for procurement of 126 MMRCA for the Indian Air Force.Contract negotiations are currently ongoing.
Cultural exchanges.
Indian culture enjoys a wide and discerning audience among the French population, as is evident in the numerous and frequent cultural events organized all over France, spanning the entire gamut of Indian art, music, dance, cinema and literature. While the Indian Council for Cultural Relations (ICCR) sponsors visits of Indian artists to France as also exchange of students in the field of culture and art, there is a growing number of private impresarios who organize cultural events throughout France. A significant number of Indian artists are therefore giving performances in France regularly on a commercial basis or at the initiative of the various local cultural 
associations outside the purview of the official exchanges. The Indo-French Cultural Exchange Programme (CEP) provides the overall umbrella for the organization of a variety of cultural programmes. The last (16th) session of the Joint Commission on Culture which reviews the CEP was held on 29 September 2009, in New Delhi.
Namaste France.
The 15-month long Indian cultural festival- “Namaste France" was held from 14 April 2010 to 28 June 2011. It was successful in terms of putting India on the cultural radar of France. ‘Namaste France’ was a comprehensive presentation of Indian culture including art, music, dance, fashion, tourism, films, and literature as also business and education in both its traditional and contemporary forms. 
The Namaste France Festival was organized in response to ‘Bonjour India’ a similar French cultural festival, organized by the French Embassy in India in 2009-2010. During the visit of Hon’ble Minister of Culture, Housing and Urban Poverty Alleviation, Kumari Selja to Paris to inaugurate the exhibition ‘The Last Harvest – Paintings of Tagore at the prestigious Petit Palais museum from 26 January to March 11, 2012, a Declaration of Intent was signed with her French counterpart for further reinforcing cultural cooperation on 26th January 2012. On the same day, a MOU was signed between the Ministry of Culture of India and the Louvre Museum with the aim of 
establishing an active partnership in the area of exchange of competencies and expertise, particularly in the field of museology, temporary exhibitions and other cultural events.
The 2012 Cannes Film Festival was important for India. For the first time, four Indian films were selected for screening in different categories of the festival namely “Miss Lovely”, “Kalpana”, “Peddlers” and “Gangs of Wasseypur”. India is going to celebrate 100 years of Indian cinema in 2013. The Cannes Festival (15–26 May 2013), the Vesoul International Film Festival of Asian Cinema (Festival international des cinémas d'Asie) from 5–12 February 2013, and the 35th International Short Film Festival of Clermont-Ferrand (1–9 February 2013) have confirmed India as a ‘Country of Honour’ in 2013 to celebrate the Centenary of the Indian Film Industry.
Educational and Technical Cooperation.
The bilateral educational cooperation between India and France has grown over the last few years. Around 300 MoUs have been signed between Indian and French universities and private institutions. The number of Indian students studying in France in various fields has increased over the years. For the academic year 2011-2012, 2550 Indian students came to France.
The framework for bilateral educational cooperation is provided by the Educational Exchange Programme (EEP), which includes mutual recognition of degrees, bolstering the research programme and increasing student-scholar research mobility through a flexible visa regime was signed in 2007 by Joint Secretary, Department of Higher Education, Ministry of Human Resource Development and Secretary, Cooperation and Culture, French Ministry of Foreign Affairs (MFA). A Joint Working Group has also been set up under the EEP. 
One of the most important initiatives in the field of education has been the cooperation on the new IIT in Rajasthan,following a joint declaration in 2008. A Letter of Intent (LOI) has been signed in 2012.
The Indo-French Centre for Promotion of Advanced Research (CEFIPRA) is the nodal framework for promoting bilateral scientific cooperation in fundamental and applied research, frontier technologies and exchange of scientists and post doctoral researchers. The office of CEFIPRA has been established in Delhi and the centre is currently funded through an annual corpus of € 3 million with India and France equally contributing € 1.5 million each. CEFIPRA completes 25 years in 2012. The 25th Anniversary Celebrations of CEFIPRA were formally launched in a programme organized in New Delhi on 6 March 2012. As part of the Silver Jubilee celebrations, a number of programmes have been envisaged; these include holding of seminars, organizing science quiz in schools and screening of documentary films. The French authorities have provided land for extending the Maison de l‘Inde, which will contribute to augmenting accommodation facilities for Indian students in France.
Indian Community in France.
The Indian community including NRIs in France is estimated to be around 70,000, largely originating from Puducherry, Karaikal, Yanam, Mahe and Chandranagar. There are also large communities of PIOs in the Reunion Island (about 230,000), Guadeloupe (about 57,000), Martinique (about 5,000) and St. Martin (about 3,600-French and Dutch sides), the overseas territories/departments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="19660883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660883" title="Nelson Norman">
Nelson Norman

Nelson Augusto Norman (born May 23, 1958, in San Pedro de Macorís, Dominican Republic) is a former Major League Baseball shortstop, minor league coach and manager. He played all or part of six seasons in the major leagues between and .
Playing career.
Pittsburgh Pirates.
Norman was originally signed as a 16-year-old amateur free agent by the Pittsburgh Pirates in . He made his professional debut with the minor league Gulf Coast League Pirates that year, batting .262 in 61 games. He made his way through their farm system quickly, and by the end of the 1977 season he was playing for the Triple-A Columbus Clippers. That offseason, he was traded to the Texas Rangers as part of a four-team trade that brought future Hall of Famer Bert Blyleven to the Pirates.
Texas Rangers.
1978: MLB debut.
Norman started the 1978 season with the Tucson Toros. In mid-May, starting shortstop Bert Campaneris was injured, and Norman was called up to the majors to back up replacement Jim Mason. He made his major league debut on May 20, three days before his 20th birthday. He entered the game in the sixth inning after the Rangers had pinch-hit for Mason. He played three innings in the field, handling one chance on defense, before he was lifted for pinch hitter Mike Jorgensen. Two days later, Norman made his first start and got his first major league hit.
When Campaneris was activated in early June, Norman returned to Tucson. He spent the rest of the season there, batting .284 with 76 RBIs. He returned to the major leagues in September, finishing his first season with nine hits in 34 at bats.
1979: Starter.
In , Norman won the starting shortstop job in spring training, beating out both Campaneris and newcomer Larvell Blanks, who had been acquired from the Cleveland Indians over the winter (Campaneris would be traded to the California Angels) in May). Norman played in 147 games, but batted just .222 with just 12 extra base hits in 343 at bats.
1980–81: Back to the minors.
Norman opened up the 1980 season as the starting shortstop again. However, by the end of April, he had lost the job to Pepe Frías, who had been acquired from the Atlanta Braves over the winter. In May, the Rangers signed Bud Harrelson to back up Frías, and Norman, who was hitting .219 in 17 games, was sent down to the minors. However, due to injury, he played in just 28 games for the Charleston Charlies, and did not play in the majors again that year.
Once again, the Rangers acquired a shortstop over the winter before the 1981 season. This time, it was Mario Mendoza, acquired in a trade from the Seattle Mariners. Norman started the season in the minors, playing for the Wichita Aeros. He batted .246 in 115 games, and earned a September call-up to the Rangers. He played in just seven games, going 3-for-13 at the plate. After the season, the Rangers traded Norman back to the Pirates for pitcher Víctor Cruz.
Back to the Pirates.
Unfortunately for Norman, the Pirates already had Dale Berra entrenched as their starting shortstop. During spring training, Norman was beaten out for the backup job by minor league veteran Jim Smith, and for the second consecutive year he opened the year in the minors. After batting .270 in 134 games for the Portland Beavers, Norman was again called up in September, but this time played in just three games. He started the final game of the season, going 0-for-3.
In , Norman was demoted to Double-A. He played the entire season with the Lynn Pirates, where he was moved to second base for most of the year. He batted .268 and had a career-high (at any level) of five home runs. In , he was back in Triple-A with the Hawaii Islanders, where for the first time in his career he was not the full-time starter, splitting time in the middle infield with several other players. At the end of the year, he became a free agent.
Orioles and Expos.
He signed with the Baltimore Orioles, and spent the 1985 season playing second base. After hitting just .186, he was traded during the offseason to the Montreal Expos for fellow minor league veteran Steve Baker.
Norman finished his playing career in the Expos organization. After his abysmal 1985, he was returned to Double-A again in with the Jacksonville Expos. He spent his last three seasons as a player with the Indianapolis Indians before retiring in . He did get to play one final game in the majors on April 29, 1987, starting at shortstop against his old team, the Pirates, and going 0-for-4.
Post-playing career.
After his playing career ended, Norman remained in the Expos organization as a minor league coach. In , he was named manager of the Gulf Coast League Expos, where he managed until . In , he moved to the Braves organization, where he managed the Macon Braves. In , he secured his first major league coaching job as the infield coach for the Boston Red Sox. In , he served as a coach for the Swing of the Quad Cities. From to , he was the manager of the Dominican Summer League Cardinals, although he was replaced for part of by Claudio Almonte.

</doc>
<doc id="19660909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660909" title="2009 Minnesota Twins season">
2009 Minnesota Twins season

The 2009 Minnesota Twins season was the 49th season for the franchise in Minnesota, and the 109th overall in the American League. It was their final season at the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome with their new stadium, Target Field, opening in 2010. They ended the regular season as AL Central champions after defeating the Detroit Tigers in a one game tie-breaker. They were then swept in the American League Division Series by the New York Yankees.
Tie-Breaker & Post Season.
The Twins ended the 162-game regular season tied with the Detroit Tigers, necessitating a one-game playoff. This made the Twins the first major league team ever to play in a tie-breaker two years in a row (they lost one to the Chicago White Sox in 2008). The game took place on Tuesday, October 6 at the Metrodome. The Twins won the game, 6-5, in 12 innings on Alexi Casilla's game-winning hit scoring Carlos Gómez.
The Twins went on to face the New York Yankees in the American League Division Series, which they lost in three consecutive games.
Player stats.
Batting.
Regular season.
"Note: G = Games played; AB = At Bats; R = Runs scored; H = Hits; 2B = Doubles; 3B = Triples; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in; AVG = Batting average; SB = Stolen bases"
Postseason.
"Note: G = Games played; AB = At Bats; R = Runs scored; H = Hits; 2B = Doubles; 3B = Triples; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in; AVG = Batting average; SB = Stolen bases"
Pitching.
Regular season.
"Note: W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; G = Games pitched; GS = Games started; SV = Saves; IP = Innings pitched; R = Runs allowed; ER = Earned runs allowed; BB = Walks allowed; K = Strikeouts" 
Postseason.
"Note: W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; G = Games pitched; GS = Games started; SV = Saves; IP = Innings pitched; R = Runs allowed; ER = Earned runs allowed; BB = Walks allowed; K = Strikeouts" 

</doc>
<doc id="19660913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660913" title="Seizō Yasunori">
Seizō Yasunori

Lieutenant Junior Grade was a Japanese student who joined the Imperial Japanese Navy, and on May 11, 1945 was ordered to fly a kamikaze mission during the Battle of Okinawa near the end of World War II. Kamikaze pilots were generally 18–20 years old, poorly trained, and flew poorly maintained aircraft. As leader of the Navy's Kamikaze Corps 7th Showa Special Attack Squadron, he led a group of four young men to attack US Navy ships. Yasunori led a group of six planes which departed Kanoya Air Base between 0640 and 0653 on May 11, 1945. Yasunori dropped a 550-lb bomb and then crashed his A6M Zero into the aft portion of the flight deck of the , along with his wingman, Kiyoshi Ogawa. He and his wingman killed 393 Americans; the most devastating suicide attack directed at Americans before the September 11 attacks, and wounded an additional 264. Three-hundred fifty-two of the dead were buried at sea the next day. The bomb tore a hole in the port side of the ship and his plane crashed onto the flight deck. The ensuing explosion destroyed many of the planes on the deck. His plane dragged another plane overboard. His wingman, Kiyoshi Ogawa, crashed into the ship a few seconds later. A third plane crashed into the sea before reaching the ship. The fate of the remaining three planes is unknown. His story is told in "Danger's Hour", published by Simon & Schuster on Veteran's Day, 2008. 

</doc>
<doc id="19660924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660924" title="Kuga, Gunma">
Kuga, Gunma

Geography.
Before moving to Tone District, it was the northern most village in Agatsuma District.

</doc>
<doc id="19660960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660960" title="Dawn Breakers International Film Festival">
Dawn Breakers International Film Festival

Dawn Breakers International Film Festival (DBIFF) is an international travelling film festival held in various cities throughout the world. The festival originated in 2007 and debuted in Phoenix, Arizona and has since been held in San Diego, Houston and Zurich, Switzerland. DBIFF was recognized as an important festival and nominated at the 2014 annual list of MovieMaker's "Top 25 Film Festivals of the World" in the Social Cause category.
Background.
The Festival is a non-profit organization focused on showcasing films and filmmakers who produce positive films. It has shown both independent and commercial films in the past few years. The filmmakers submit from around the world and there are no restrictions on what is accepted as long as it meets the theme of the festival. DBIFF is one of the few festivals in the world that also accepts Television, Music Videos and Websidoes in their selection. Several publications have covered the festival and the films including the Indian Express, the official Baha'i news service, and the Samoan news.
The festival is also a Bahá'í-inspired organization and is considered as one of the major developments in the changing culture of the Bahá'í Faith in the past fifteen years. The name of the festival, though spelled differently, is inspired by The Dawn-breakers.
Since it is a traveling festival and may take place more than once within a year, it is also named by "Takes" alongside the year.
2007 / Take 1.
The festival took place in San Diego with a circle of invited guests and audiences only. A number of films were screened through the two-day festival, however no public announcement of the official selections were made as there were no selection process that year and all films were invites only.
2008 / Take 2.
In 2008, it attracted some 500 attendees each day and a total of 1000 for both days from around the world. Films shown in the festival were selected from around the globe, some countries included India, Australia, United States, Spain, United Kingdom, Cambodia, France, Malaysia, Hungary, Pakistan, Canada and Ethiopia.
2009 / Take 3.
The 2009, also known as Take 3 Dawn Breakers International Film Festival took place in Zurich Switzerland from December 26, 2009 to December 31, 2009. This year's line-up included twice as many films as last year and took place over five days.
2010 / Take 4.
The 2010 film festival took place in the United States in the city of San Diego. It was scheduled for November 26 through 27 at the Sheraton Hotel across San Diego International Airport. On November 13, 2010 a press release announced the festival's official selection which included 44 films in all categories.
William Sears (Bahá'í) a popular TV host from the 50s was honored during the festival. Two of this year's selection are shortlisted for the 83rd Academy Awards. and one was nominated. Most of this year's selection were either world or international premiers.
Films.
Below is a particle list of the selected films with notes about each film.
2011 / Take 5.
A two-day festival was held in Houston, Texas. This festival marked DBIFF's premier in the South and the first major event to be held in the Houston Baha'i Center.
A Media Boot Camp in association with the Baha'i Media Services is scheduled to be held during the Association for Baha'i Studies conference in San Francisco in August, 2011.
2012 / Take 6.
Take 6 / 2012 festival takes place in Switzerland.
Hueman Photography Contest.
The festival announced a photography contest that would showcase the works of its finalists during the film festival.
2013 / Take 7.
The festival was held in Scottsdale, Arizona over two days and was the first time to be coordinated locally. It was the second time DBIFF proceeds went to charity, the first being Houston.
2014 / Take 8.
Submission period for the 2014 film festival took place over three months and ended in December 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19660968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660968" title="Radio 1's Live Lounge – Volume 3">
Radio 1's Live Lounge – Volume 3

"Radio 1's Live Lounge – Volume 3" is a collection of live tracks played on Jo Whiley's Radio 1 show. The album is the third in a series of Live Lounge albums. It consists of both covers and the bands' own songs. The album was released on 20 October 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19660970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660970" title="William Aiken House">
William Aiken House

William Aiken House may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19660982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660982" title="Arnica amplexicaulis">
Arnica amplexicaulis

Arnica amplexicaulis is a species of arnica known by the common name clasping arnica. It is native to western North America from Alaska to California and the Sierra Nevada, to the Rocky Mountains and Wyoming, where it grows in moist areas such as mountain meadows and streambanks. 
This is a perennial herb usually growing from a small rhizome and producing one or more hairy, glandular stems. The stems are lined with 5 to 10 pairs of oval-shaped, toothed leaves up to 12 centimeters long. The inflorescence is a cluster of several daisylike flower heads with a center of brownish disc florets and a fringe of yellow ray florets 1 to 2 centimeters long. 
The fruit is a cylindrical achene covered in hairs and with a light brown pappus at one end.

</doc>
<doc id="19660998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19660998" title="List of Australia national rugby league team players">
List of Australia national rugby league team players

There have been over 750 rugby league footballers who have been selected to represent Australia since the nation first started playing international matches in 1908. The Australian Rugby League administered the team and maintained the Australian national rugby league team or "The Kangaroos" players register, assigning each player an individual cap number until 2012 when this was taken over by the Australian Rugby League Commission.
The first Kangaroo was Arthur Hennessey, as he was the original captain of the side. The rest were added in alphabetical order, then in order of selection. Inclusion in the Kangaroos register denotes a player's selection for a Kangaroos squad and does not necessarily mean an actual full international appearance was made. The year selected represents the first year in which they were called up for international duties and the appearances represent full international matches. New Zealand players who were selected to play for 'Australasian' representative teams are also included. Super League test appearances, although counted as such by their overseas counterparts, are disregarded by the ARL so are excluded from their register.
Super League representatives.
During the split season of 1997, the Australian Super League organisation held internationals with New Zealand and Great Britain. These are considered bona fide test matches by the British Rugby Football League and the New Zealand Rugby League but are excluded from the Australian Rugby League's records.

</doc>
<doc id="19661005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661005" title="Wisconsin Department of Revenue v. William Wrigley, Jr., Co.">
Wisconsin Department of Revenue v. William Wrigley, Jr., Co.

Wisconsin Department of Revenue v. William Wrigley, Jr., Co., 505 U.S. 214 (1992), is a case decided by the United States Supreme Court regarding the application of state franchise taxes to out-of-state businesses.
Background.
In 1980, the Wisconsin Department of Revenue (WDR) decided that the in-state activities of the Wm. Wrigley Jr. Company in selling and supplying retailers with chewing gum exceeded limits defined by Congress in 1961 that exempted foreign corporations from franchise and income taxes in a state as long as their activities were limited to soliciting customers. Wrigley, based in Chicago, neither owned nor leased any real property in the state. Its employees were limited to a regional sales manager, who worked out of his house, and district sales representatives who dealt directly with retailers. The company provided the representatives with cars and reimbursed some of their expenses. Nevertheless, WDR believed that since the sales reps also stored gum and personally resupplied retailers, including replacement of stale gum stocks at no cost, the company did more than just solicit customers in Wisconsin.
Wrigley felt that it was exempt from Wisconsin taxation under the Interstate Income Act of 1959 ( "et seq".), which provides that "states cannot impose a 'net income tax' on 'any person' if the only contact with a state is limited to the solicitation of orders for sales of tangible personal property". A "legal person" can be an individual or a corporate body.
Wisconsin calls for taxation.
Wisconsin believed that the presence of Wrigley in the state was enough to call for a franchise tax. The state believed that Wrigley was not afforded protection under Public Law 86-272, because it violated solicitation by the follow practices:
View of litigants.
The state argued for the narrowest possible view: that any activity beyond “asking the customer to purchase the product” removed the protection of P.L.86-272. It also argued that activities leading up to the sale may be protected, but any activities taking place after the sale are more than solicitation.
Wrigley argued for a broad interpretation: that “solicitation” should encompass all ordinary business activities that generally accompany the solicitation process. According to Wrigley, all activities normally assigned to sales reps should be considered solicitation.
Result.
The Court found that Wrigley’s activities in Wisconsin exceeded the provisions of the state code and allowed the imposition of the tax. The Court ruled that the replacement of stale gum, "agency stock checks", and maintenance of inventory for those purposes were not protected, and the Court sided with the Wisconsin Department of Revenue.

</doc>
<doc id="19661007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661007" title="Kuroho, Gunma">
Kuroho, Gunma


</doc>
<doc id="19661010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661010" title="Daenggi">
Daenggi

Daenggi is a traditional Korean ribbon made of cloth to tie and to decorate braided hair. According to History of Northern Dynasties's record, maidens of Baekje bound their hair at the back and braided, while married women's hair were braided into two pieces and then put on the crown of the head. 
There are several types of "daenggi" according to purpose, age, and social status. "Tteoguji daenggi", "maegae daenggi", "doturak daenggi", and "deurim daenggi" are used for ceremonial purpose. While "jebiburi daenggi", "doturank daenggi", "jjok daenggi", and "malttuk daenggi". "The daenggi" used for ""gungnyeo"" or count ladies during the Joseon Dynasty were "negadak daenggi", and patip daenggi".

</doc>
<doc id="19661015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661015" title="Takuya Mitsuda">
Takuya Mitsuda

He is best known for his long-running baseball manga "Major" for which he won the Shogakukan Manga Award in 1996 in the shōnen category. He apprenticed under Hidenori Hara alongside Shinobu Inokuma and his former assistants include Syun Matsuena and for two days Kōji Kumeta.
Mitsuda debuted in 1982, winning the Shogakukan Newcomers Award for "Banyū".

</doc>
<doc id="19661024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661024" title="Sober (Pink song)">
Sober (Pink song)

"Sober" is a song by the American pop rock singer Pink, and the second single taken from her fifth studio album, "Funhouse" (2008). It was written by Nate "Danja" Hills, Kara DioGuardi, Marcella Araica and Pink herself, and produced by Danja, Tony Kanal and Jimmy Harry. The song gained airplay before release in Australia on Today Network's stations and the Hot 30 Countdown and was the number one most added song on Australian radio. In the United States, "Sober" debuted at number 53 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, and peaked at 15, becoming her second Top 20 single from her album, after the huge success of "So What". Pink was nominated for the 2010 Grammy Award for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance for "Sober", but lost to Beyoncé's "Halo".
Background.
Pink wrote the song at a party hosted at her home, where everyone was drunk or drinking except for her, and she wanted them all to leave. She went to the beach and had a line in her head saying "How do I feel so good sober?". Eventually it had nothing to do with alcohol but with identities. "How do I feel so good with just me, without anyone to lean on?", Pink says in an interview. She also stated that the song was one of the darkest she wrote for the album. "Sober is a dark, kind of sad song. And it’s about the voices that we choose and I had this idea in my head, ‘Like how do I feel this good sober?...I don’t know it’s just a really, really personal beautiful song, one of my favorites…"
Composition.
"Sober" is a power pop song written in the key of D minor. In the song, Pink's vocals span from D3 to D5. It is set at a moderately slow tempo of 92 beats per minute, following a chord progression of D5–B5–F–Dm.
Critical reception.
The song received positive reviews. Andy Battaglia from The A.V. Club stated that it is "a solemn song that slinks along at a slower speed, the better to bear out the grainy range of her voice." Joan Anderman wrote for Boston Globe that the song "finds the sweet spot between "American Idol" and the Red Hot Chili Peppers." Evan Sawdey wrote for PopMatters that "Pink launches into the surprisingly downtrodden, a song that once again spends time convincing herself that everything’s alright."
Jonathan Keefe from Slant Magazine thought that the song was "oddly-chosen" to be the second single of the album, while commenting that the final result "is more mixed." Digital Spy's Alex Fletcher realized that "it's a better representation of her Funhouse album than the clattering lead single."
Chart performance.
"Sober" made its debut on the Australian ARIA Singles Chart, entering at number 16 and peaking at number 6 . On the Australian Airplay chart it has been the most heard radio song peaking at number 1, staying there for 3 weeks. In New Zealand, "Sober" debuted at number thirty-five on November 10, 2008 and peaked at number seven. On the "Billboard" issue dated December 13, "Sober" officially debuted at number 53 on the Billboard Hot 100 and has climbed to number 15 thus far, giving Pink her second top twenty from "Funhouse". On the Adult Top 40, it climbed to #1, making it her third consecutive chart topper there ("Who Knew" and "So What" being the two prior). This is the first time an artist has scored three consecutive number ones on the Adult Top 40 in the chart's history, as well as the first time a female artist has achieved three number ones on the chart. As of May 2011, "Sober" has sold over 2,037,000 downloads in the United States, becoming the second million-selling song from the "Funhouse" album. In Europe it debuted at number 15 on the European Hot 100 on the issue of December 27 and the next week, peaking thus far at number 12. Also, in Canada it first made a 'Hot Shot Debut' at number 66 on the Canadian Hot 100 on the issue of November 15 based on downloads, but on the week of December 4 it made a re-entry on the chart peaking higher at number 31 and then rising to number 15. On the issue of February 14, 2009 "Sober" managed to enter the top 10 of the Canadian Hot 100 peaking at number 10, becoming Pink's second Top 10 hit from the "Funhouse" album in Canada. Thus far, the song managed to peak at number 8. In the Netherlands, "Sober" debuted at number 26 in the Top 40 (combined single sales and airplay chart) only due to airplay. Currently Sober stays at number 3, making it her highest charting single there since "Get the Party Started" back in 2001. On the chart week of December 25, 2008, "Sober" entered the Dutch Hot 100 Single Charts at number 82, her lowest debut ever on the chart, however due to the holidays the charts were published 3 days before normal date. However in the next week "Sober" moved 30 places to number 52, resulting in her fastest climbing single. Currently it stays at number 3. On December 28, 2008, "Sober" entered the UK Singles Chart at #80. On January 4, 2009, "Sober" moved up to #65. On January 11, "Sober" climbed into the Top 40 at #37. On January 18, "Sober" rose again to #26. These positions were based on downloads alone. "Sober" was released physically in the UK on January 19, 2009. Upon the physical release "Sober" rose to #9 in the UK, becoming Pink's second consecutive Top 10 hit from the "Funhouse" album in the UK, and her 14th Top 10 hit overall on the UK Singles Chart.
Music video.
The music video was filmed in the last days of September in Stockholm, Sweden. A live video from London has been used in Australia and New Zealand to promote for the song until the official music video was released on November 25. It was directed by Jonas Akerlund. The video starts with views from the city and then a little TV is turned on in Pink's bedroom and Pink appears in white. The song starts, and Pink is shown in the bedroom lying on the bed alone, and a girl is shown walking out of the door of the room. As the first verse starts, Pink is shown sitting on a sofa in a party where her doppelgänger is drunk and flirting with different girls and guys. Pink's doppelgänger is shown in the bathroom, throwing up. Pink enters the bathroom and sits beside her doppelgänger who seemed disturbed and then walks out. Pink is now lying on the bed, her doppelgänger calls her up, but Pink doesn't answer her cell. As the chorus begins, Pink is shown singing on her bed in her bedroom and on the sofa in the party. And then pictures of a white room where Pink is dressed with white outfit and wearing a white pageboy wig are shown. The second verse is sung in the same location. As the chorus starts again, Pink is shown walking in the room where the party was held where everybody is blacked out and drunk, including her doppelgänger. As the song reaches its climax, the bridge kicks off and Pink is shown spanking and making out with her doppelgänger in bed. The scene was cut or replaced by almost all TV channels. Various scenes from the video are then shown and the video ends with one of the Pinks walking out of the door of the bedroom leaving the other Pink alone.

</doc>
<doc id="19661036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661036" title="Francisco Tenamaztle">
Francisco Tenamaztle

Francisco Tenamaztle (fl. 1540s–1550s) (also Tenamaxtlan or Tenamaxtli) was a leader of the Caxcan Indians in Mexico during the Mixton War of 1540–1542. He was later put on trial in Spain. With the support of Bartolomé de las Casas he defended the justice of his cause by appealing to King Carlos I.
Background.
The first contact and zero head of the Caxcan and other indigenous peoples of northwestern Mexico with the Spanish, was in 1529 when Nuño Beltrán de Guzmán set forth from Mexico City with 300–400 Spaniards and 5,000 to 8,000 Aztec and Tlaxcaltec allies on a march through the future states of Nayarit, Jalisco, Durango, Sinaloa, and Zacatecas. Over a six-year period Guzman conducted frequent violent slave raids throughout Northern Mexico, enslaving thousands of Indians. Guzmán and his lieutenants founded towns and Spanish settlements in the region, called Nueva Galicia, including Guadalajara, the first temporary site of which was at Tenamaztle’s home of Nochistlán, Zacatecas. The Spaniards encountered increased resistance as they moved further from the complex hierarchical societies of Central Mexico and attempted to force Indians into servitude through the encomienda system.
Tenamaztle was baptized a Catholic sometime after Guzman’s expedition and given the Christian name Francisco. He became “Lord Tlatoani of Nochistlan,” an urban center and region in the southern part of Zacatecas. The Caxcan Indians are often considered part of the Chichimeca, a generic term used by the Spaniards and Aztecs for all the nomadic and semi-nomadic Native Americans living in the deserts of northern Mexico. However, the Caxcanes seem to have been sedentary, depending upon agriculture for their livelihood and living in permanent towns and settlements. They were, perhaps, the most northerly of the agricultural, town-and-city dwelling peoples of interior Mexico.
Presumably at the same time as his baptism, Tenamaztle also swore allegiance to the Spanish crown and was confirmed in his position and any property he owned. Spanish rule, however, was oppressive and in mid-1540 the Caxcanes and their allies, the Zacatecos and possibly other Chichimeca tribes, revolted. The command structure of the Caxcanes is unknown but the most prominent leader who emerged was Tenamaztle.
The Mixton War.
The spark which set off the war was apparently the arrest of 18 rebellious Indian leaders and the hanging of nine of them in mid 1540. Later in the same year the Indians rose up to kill the encomendero Juan de Arze. Spanish authorities also became aware that the Indians were participating in “devilish” dances. After killing two Catholic priests, many Indians fled the encomiendas and took refuge in the mountains, especially on the hill fortress of Mixton. Acting Governor Cristobal de Oñate led a Spanish and Indian force to quell the rebellion. The Caxcanes killed a peace delegation of one priest and ten Spanish soldiers. Oñate attempted to storm Mixtón, but the Indians on the summit repelled his attack. Oñate then requested reinforcements from the capital, Mexico City.
The Viceroy Antonio de Mendoza called upon the experienced conquistador Pedro de Alvarado to assist in putting down the revolt. Alvarado declined to await reinforcements and attacked Mixton in June 1541 with four hundred Spaniards and an unknown number of Indian allies. He was met there by an Indian army, estimated by the Spanish to number 15,000, under Tenamaztle and Don Diego, a Zacateco. The first attack of the Spanish was repulsed with ten Spaniards and many Indian allies killed. Subsequent attacks by Alvarado were also unsuccessful and on June 24 he was crushed when a horse fell on him. He subsequently died on July 4.
Emboldened, the Indians led by Tenamaztle attacked Guadalajara in September but were repulsed. The Indian army retired to Nochistlan and other strongpoints. The Spanish authorities were now thoroughly alarmed and feared that the revolt would spread. They assembled a force of 450 Spaniards and 30 to 60 thousand Aztec, Tlaxcalan and other Indians and under Viceroy Mendoza invaded the land of the Caxcanes. With his overwhelming force, Mendoza reduced the Indian strongholds one-by-one in a war of no quarter. On November 9, 1541, he captured the city of Nochistlan and Tenamaztle—but the Indian leader later escaped. In early 1542 the stronghold of Mixton fell to the Spaniards and the rebellion was over. The aftermath of the Caxcan's defeat was that “thousands were dragged off in chains to the mines, and many of the survivors (mostly women and children) were transported from their homelands to work on Spanish farms and haciendas. By the viceroy's order men, women and children were seized and executed, some by cannon fire, some torn apart by dogs, and others stabbed. The reports of the excessive violence against civilian Indians caused the Council of the Indies to undertake a secret investigation into the conduct of the viceroy.
With the defeat, Tenamaztle and Guaxicar, another leader, and their followers retreated into the mountains of Nayarit where they lived in hiding for nine years. This area, primarily occupied by the Cora people, did not come under the complete control of the Spanish until 1722, the last bastion of Indian opposition to Spanish rule in Nueva Galicia. In 1551, Tenamaztle voluntarily surrendered to the Bishop of Nueva Galicia who brought him to Mexico City. After an investigation, on August 12, 1552 Spanish authorities established his identity as the leader of the Caxcanes in the Mixton War and on November 17 he was ordered to be sent for trial to Spain.
Trial in Spain.
In Spain, Tenamaztle was imprisoned in Valladolid and later took up residence in a Dominican monastery. Here he met Bartolomé de las Casas who helped him plead his case. The wheels of justice rolled slowly and it was July 1, 1555 before he had an opportunity to present his case to the King and the Council of the Indies.
Tenamaztle’s strategy was to (1) establish that he was the rightful tlatoani of Nochistlan; (2) demonstrate that the Caxcan had received the Spanish in peace and that he should have all the rights of a vassal of the King of Spain; (3) accuse Nuño de Guzman, Cristobal de Oñate and Miguel de Ibarra of exploiting and murdering Indians; and, (4) declare that the war of the Caxcanes was “natural justice” because of the abuses of the Spaniards. He petitioned that his lands, wife, and children be returned to him.
Tenamaztle asked the king to consider "the unparalleled wrongs and evils that the Caxcanes had endured at the hands of the Spanish” and said that the objective of the Indians was not to rebel but to “flee the inhuman cruelty to which they were subjected." The trial proceeded without decision for more than one year. The last known document related to the trial is dated August 7, 1556. Nothing more is known of the disposition of the case or of Tenamaztle. He probably died in Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="19661083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661083" title="Versoix (river)">
Versoix (river)

The Versoix is a river in France and in Switzerland. It is a tributary of Lake Geneva (). 
The river begins in the Jura Mountains in Ain, France as Rivière la Divonne. It flows eastward through Divonne-les-Bains and Lac de Divonne approaching the Canton of Vaud. From there it turns southward toward form of the France–Switzerland border, entering the Canton of Geneva and continuing eastward toward Versoix where it enters the lake.

</doc>
<doc id="19661132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661132" title="Albert Kawana">
Albert Kawana

Albert Kawana (born 26 March 1956 in Katima Mulilo, Zambezi Region) is a Namibian politician. A member of the SWAPO, Kawana has been a member of the National Assembly and Cabinet since 2000, reaching the post of Minister for Presidential Affairs in March 2005. A lawyer by training, Kawana led Namibia's legal team in the Kasikili Island dispute, which was argued before the International Court of Justice before eventually siding with Botswana.
Career in exile.
Kawana entered into Namibian politics while in exile in Zambia. He graduated in 1979 from the United Nations Institute for Namibia (UNIN) with a diploma in Development Studies and Management. He moved onto the University of Warwick in the United Kingdom, where he received his L.L.M. in 1983 and Ph.D. in 1988. Following graduation, Kawana moved back to Zambia, where he became a lecturer in the final years of UNIN from 1988-1990.
Return from exile.
Following Namibia's independence in March 1990, the Caprivian moved back to Namibia to become the first Permanent Secretary in the Ministry of Justice, where he lasted until 2000. Chosen by SWAPO to the 3rd National Assembly of Namibia in 2000, he immediately was promoted to the position of Deputy Minister of Justice. Following the 2004 general election, Kawana was promoted to head the Justice Ministry, becoming the first and thus far only Permanent Secretary to advance to the top post of a Ministry since independence.

</doc>
<doc id="19661182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661182" title="List of Black Butler episodes">
List of Black Butler episodes

The episodes of the 2008 Japanese animated television series are loosely based on the "Black Butler" manga series written and illustrated by Yana Toboso. The episodes are directed by Toshiya Shinohara and produced by A-1 Pictures. The plot of the episodes follows Sebastian Michaelis, a demon butler who is obligated to serve Ciel Phantomhive, the twelve-year-old head of the Phantomhive noble family, due to a contract he made with Ciel.
The episodes started airing on October 3, 2008, on Mainichi Broadcasting System and Chubu-Nippon Broadcasting. Other stations that aired the episodes at later dates include Hokkaido Broadcasting, Kumamoto Asahi Broadcasting, RCC Broadcasting, Shizuoka Broadcasting System, Tokyo Broadcasting System, and Animax. The anime adaptation of the manga was confirmed on July 11, 2008 by Gakken's "Animedia" magazine, and the official website of the anime began to stream a trailer of the anime on July 26, 2008. Two DVD compilations are planned for release by Aniplex; the first compilation is to be released on January 21, 2009 and the second on February 25, 2009.
Three pieces of theme music are used for the episodes: one opening theme and two closing themes. The opening theme is "Monochrome No Kiss" (though written as Monochrome Kiss) by the Japanese rock band Sid, the current closing which began airing with episode 14 is "Lacrimosa" by Kalafina, while the first closing theme is "I'm Alive!" by the American singer Rebecca Hollcraft, commonly known as Becca. Two singles containing the theme music and other tracks have been released; the single containing tracks from Sid was released on October 29, 2008 and the single from Becca was released on October 22, 2008. The third single containing tracks from Kalafina has a release date of March 4, 2009.
For the second season, the opening song is "Shiver" by The Gazette and the ending song "Bird" is sung by Yuya Matsushita, and the single was released on August 2010. The ending for episode 8 is "Kagayaku Sora No Shijima Ni Wa" by Kalafina. Animax Asia Started airing an English dubbed version of the anime from January 11, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19661190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661190" title="Arthur Davidson (motorcycling)">
Arthur Davidson (motorcycling)

Arthur Davidson, Sr. (c. 1881–1950, Milwaukee, Wisconsin) was one of the four original founders of Harley-Davidson. His father William C Davidson, son of a blacksmith who owned a smithy in Netherton, Scotland, had emigrated to the United States around the year 1857 where he became a cabinet maker and married Margaret McFarlane in 1867.
One of Davidson's favorite pastimes was fishing in the Wisconsin wilderness, which inspired him to create a motorcycle that would, "take the hard work out of pedaling a bicycle". He was a story teller, salesman, and United States patriot. During World Wars I and II, Arthur and company diverted motorcycle production to support US troops. This act was rewarded with returning troops ready, trained and willing to buy Harley-Davidson branded motorcycles.
The "Honey Uncle" story is one of the family stories told about Davidson and a pivotal moment for the fate of Harley-Davidson company. One day shortly after Davidson's cleaning lady visited, he discovered the seed money he had stashed between his mattress to start Harley-Davidson was missing. Fortunately, Davidson was able to borrow the $500 in venture capital needed for Harley-Davidson from an uncle who owned a bee farm in Madison, Wisconsin. From then on, the uncle was known as the "Honey Uncle" for helping the business get off the ground. The bee farm on Lake Mendota was later sold to the University of Wisconsin–Madison, and is now known as Picnic Point in the Lakeshore Nature Preserve.
Arthur Davidson was credited with the slogan, "Take the Work out of Bicycling," which inspired him and his 21 year old friend Harley as they worked tirelessly in a 10 x 15 foot shed.
Arthur Davidson, Sr., was killed at the age of 69 in a two car collision south of Davidson's home, a dairy farm, on Wisconsin Highway 59 near Waukesha, Wisconsin on December 30, 1950. Also killed in the accident were Davidson's wife, Clara, as well as Dorothy and Donald Jeffery. Davidson was survived by his three children, Margaret, Arthur and James Davidson.
Labor Hall of Fame.
Because Arthur Davidson, William S. Harley, William A. Davidson and Walter Davidson, "both used and believed in its products and relied on the dedication of its employees to produce quality motorcycles", the four men were inducted into the Labor Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="19661205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661205" title="Public Morals">
Public Morals

Public Morals is an American situation comedy that aired on the CBS network in October 1996. Created and executive produced by Steven Bochco, the series was poorly received and was canceled after airing only one episode. 
Synopsis.
The show is based around a group of detectives and others in a city's vice squad. Among the actors who appear in the series are Peter Gerety and Donal Logue. Bill Brochtrup's character John Irvin, a gay administrative assistant, had been imported into the show from the drama "NYPD Blue", and would return to "NYPD Blue" after the cancellation of "Public Morals". Both "Public Morals" and "NYPD Blue" were produced by Steven Bochco.
Reception.
The original pilot episode of "Public Morals" was scrapped because critics and some CBS affiliates believed the language was too vulgar. However, the episode that did air was also poorly received. Critics argued that the characters were one-dimensional and that some of the humor involved racial stereotypes. 

</doc>
<doc id="19661209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661209" title="Expiration Date (novel)">
Expiration Date (novel)

Expiration Date is a 1996 fantasy novel by Tim Powers. It was nominated for both the Nebula and World Fantasy Awards in 1996.
Plot summary.
There are two main protagonists and two main antagonists.
The protagonists are Koot Hoomie "Kootie" Parganas and Pete "Teet" Sullivan. Kootie is an eleven-year old boy and Sullivan is a man in his early 40's. The novel takes place mostly in Los Angeles in the year 1992, and there are references to the United States presidential election.
The main antagonists are Sherman Oaks and Loretta deLarava. As in Last Call, the previous novel of Tim Powers' "Fault Line" series, a prominent theme is the quest for immortality. Oaks' age is unknown, deLarava's age is 76 (but she often appears to be younger); both have been prolonging their lives by ingesting ghosts. There is a magical system surrounding these ghosts - their behavior, how they are ingested, how to catch them so that they may be ingested, and even a mysterious market where the bottled ghosts are bought and sold. In their ready-to-be digested state, they are known as "smokes" or "cigars".
The narrative is propelled by this chase for ghosts. Koot Hoomie Parganas has unwittingly ingested the ghost of Thomas Edison. However, because Kootie hasn't yet reached puberty, he isn't able to digest it. In its undigested state, the ghost of Edison functions as a helper to Kootie. Because of Edison's powerful personality, this ghost is particularly sought after by both antagonists who wish to ingest it themselves. In addition, Loretta deLarava is pursuing the ghost of Pete Sullivan's father. If Loretta deLarava manages to capture Pete Sullivan, it will help her to locate Pete Sullivan's father's ghost, Arthur Patrick "Apie" Sullivan. Pete Sullivan has his own helper, a former psychiatrist named Angelica Anthem Elizalde.
Loretta deLarava also pursues Solomon Shadroe. Shadroe is the former Nicky Bradshaw. Shadroe/Bradshaw is also a son of Arthur Patrick "Apie" Sullivan, albeit a godson. Shadroe/Bradshaw played "Spooky" in a fictional situation comedy called "Ghost of a Chance".

</doc>
<doc id="19661213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661213" title="Itonose, Gunma">
Itonose, Gunma


</doc>
<doc id="19661214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661214" title="Lee–Yang theorem">
Lee–Yang theorem

In statistical mechanics, the Lee–Yang theorem states that if partition functions of certain models in statistical field theory with ferromagnetic interactions are considered as functions of an external field, then all zeros 
are purely imaginary (or on the unit circle after a change of variable). The first version was proved for the Ising model by . Their result was later extended to more general models by several people. 
There has been some speculation about a relationship between the Lee–Yang theorem and the Riemann hypothesis about the Riemann zeta function; see .
Statement.
Preliminaries.
Along the formalization in the Hamiltonian is given by
where "Sj" 's are spin variables, "zj" external field. 
The system is said to be ferromagnetic if all the coefficients in the interaction term "J"jk are non-negative reals.
The partition function is given by
where each dμ"j" is an even measure on the reals R decreasing at infinity so fast that all Gaussian functions are integrable, i.e.
A rapidly decreasing measure on the reals is said to have the Lee-Yang property if all zeros of its Fourier transform are real as the following.
Theorem.
The Lee–Yang theorem states that if the Hamiltonian is ferromagnetic and all the measures dμ"j" have the Lee-Yang property, and all the numbers "z""j" have positive real part, then 
the partition function is non-zero. 
In particular if all the numbers "z""j" are equal to some number "z", then all zeros of the partition function (considered as a function of "z") are imaginary.
In the original Ising model case considered by Lee and Yang, the measures all have support on the 2 point set −1, 1, 
so the partition function can be considered a function of the variable ρ = "e"π"z". With this change of variable the Lee–Yang theorem says that all zeros ρ lie on the unit circle.
Examples.
Some examples of measure with the Lee-Yang property are:

</doc>
<doc id="19661215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661215" title="Alice de Toeni, Countess of Warwick">
Alice de Toeni, Countess of Warwick

Alice de Toeni or Tosny, Countess of Warwick (26 April 1284 – 1 January 1324/25) was a wealthy English heiress and the second wife of Guy de Beauchamp, 10th Earl of Warwick (1272 – 12 August 1315), an English nobleman in the reign of Kings Edward I and Edward II. He was one of the principal opponents of Piers Gaveston, a favourite of Edward II. Alice married three times; Guy was her second husband.
Family and lineage.
Alice de Toeni was born on 26 April 1284 in Flamsted, Hertfordshire, the only daughter of Ralph VII de Toeni, Lord Toeni of Flamsted (1255–1295) and his wife, Mary, about whom nothing is known except that she was born in Scotland. Alice's paternal grandparents were Roger V de Toeni, Lord Flamsted and Alice de Bohun. The latter was a daughter of Humphrey de Bohun, 2nd Earl of Hereford and Maud de Lusignan. Alice had an older brother Robert de Toeni, Lord Toeni of Flamsted (4 April 1276–1309), who married Maud, the daughter of Malise, 6th Earl of Strathearn, but died childless in 1309. Upon his death, Alice became his heir. Her inheritance included manors in Essex, Worcestershire, Wiltshire, Hertfordshire, Cambridgeshire, and the Welsh Marches.
Marriages and issue.
In 1300, when Alice was sixteen, she married her first husband, Sir Thomas Leybourne (died May 1307), son of Sir William Leybourne, by whom she had one daughter:
Juliana de Leybourne (1303/1304–1367), married firstly, John, Lord Hastings, by whom she had issue, secondly Thomas le Blount, and thirdly, William Clinton.
On 28 February 1309, less than two years after the death of her first husband, Alice married secondly Guy de Beauchamp, 10th Earl of Warwick, the only son of William de Beauchamp, 9th Earl of Warwick and Maud FitzJohn. He had been previously married to Isabel de Clare, the daughter of Gilbert de Clare, 6th Earl of Gloucester and Alice de Lusignan of Angoulême, but the marriage, which had produced no children, was annulled. Guy had already distinguished himself in the Scottish Wars and was one of the Ordainers, who sought to restrict the powers of the King. Guy de Beauchamp was one of the chief adversaries of Piers Gaveston, King Edward's favourite, who often referred to Guy as "The Mad Hound", due to the Earl's habit of foaming at the mouth when angry. In 1312, Guy de Beauchamp captured Gaveston and took him to his principal residence Warwick Castle where Gaveston was held prisoner and afterwards murdered.
Alice and Guy had two sons and five daughters:
Following the sudden death of Guy de Beauchamp at Warwick Castle on 28 July 1315, which was rumoured to have been caused by poisoning, Alice married thirdly on 26 October 1316, William la Zouche de Mortimer, 1st Lord Zouche de Mortimer (see Baron Zouche), by whom she had a son and daughter:
Death.
Alice de Toeni died on 1 January 1324/25. The de Toeni lands and manors passed to her eldest son Thomas de Beauchamp, 11th Earl of Warwick.
Her widower, Lord Zouche, later abducted and married Eleanor de Clare, widow of Hugh Le Despenser, the Younger. Lord Zouche had been one of Le Despenser's captors and had led the siege of Caerphilly Castle.

</doc>
<doc id="19661216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661216" title="Tiger Love">
Tiger Love

Tiger Love is a 1977 Hong Kong martial art film produced by Kan Yeung Film Company.
In its theatrical and DVD releases, the film has been under several different titles: "Le Jeune tigre du kung fu" (French), "Kung Fu Zombie vs. Tigerkralle" (German), "Legend of the Tiger", "The Tiger Love", "Tiger's Kong Fu", "Tiger's Love", "Todesschrei der Tigerkralle" (German), "Ren Hu Lian" (Cantonese), and "Tiger Love". The film has passed into public domain and can be found on several martial arts film compilations produced by Mill Creek Entertainment.
Plot.
After eloping a young couple is confronted at the edge of a cliff by the bride’s father who wishes her to marry her cousin. When she refuses the father’s henchmen attack and overpower the husband Lin Xiaohou. Believing her husband to be dead the young woman, pregnant with her husband’s child, throws herself off of the cliff. Landing in a tree branch, the woman, named Shi Shinlian survives the fall and awakes to find a tiger beneath the tree. The fright causes Shinlian to wet herself which she later discovers brings the tiger under her spell.
For twenty years Shinlian lives in the valley with the tiger and raises her son Xiaochang. Xiaochang learns a tiger-like style of martial arts. Watching him practice his mother realizes he is becoming a man and tells him the story of his father. Curious he returns to the village where he is confronted and attacked by the townspeople because of his strange leopard-skin clothing. After a short fight with several villagers he is confronted by a man that he discovers is his father.
When his father discovers his wife is still alive he goes with his new wife to the valley to invite her to return to the village. She states that she has become accustomed to life in the forest and cannot leave uncle tiger, but urges them to take Xiaochang so he can live among other people.
One day Xiaochang stumbles upon a tiger hunt by the Shi family, his mother’s family and the sworn enemy of his father’s family. Xiaochang jokingly ‘captures’ and becomes enchanted by his cousin, Xiaoling. She informs him to leave before he is seen by her family.
At a local restaurant Xiaochang overhears that the Shi family is having a party to celebrate the hunt and decides to go to see Xiaoling. Pulling her away from the crowd he reveals his feelings for her and she returns them but says their love is impossible because of the feud between their two families. Xiaoling’s suitor in the Shi family then discovers the couple and starts a brawl with Xiaochang in which one Xiaoling’s brother is killed.
Both Xiaochang and Xiaoling’s familis then forbid them to see one another again. Upon learning of the death in their family, the Shi’s attack the Ling family in force killing several people including Xiaochang’s father. This leads to a counterattack by Ling family in which several more people die.
When Shinlian goes to her family to try and stop the violence she is wounded by Xiaoling’s suitor. Before she dies she tells her son he also a member of the Shi family and he must end the war.
Seeing Shinlian die uncle tiger kills a night watchman in anger. He reveals that for the past twenty years he had not killed, but that this is the one-hundredth person. He states that with this killing that when the moon is out he can transform into a demon in the shape of an old woman and hunt down the Shi family, which he proceeds to do.
In the end only Xiaochang and Xiaoling are left alive. They eventually kill uncle tiger by pouring boiling oil over his demon form.
Reception.
When looking at the 1980 DVD release, "So Good Hong Kong DVD Reviews" wrote that the opening scenes of "Tiger Love" were bordering on "perverse and disturbing" in its suggestion that Hu Chin was impregnated by a tiger, but that the film was then seen to be "nothing more than another martial arts entry" that was dull for its lack of decent choreography. The review finished by noting the director made the final 20 minutes more entertaining when a switch was made to a horror format as the "titular" tiger sought revenge.

</doc>
<doc id="19661218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661218" title="John Cain Carter">
John Cain Carter

John Cain Carter (born 1966 in San Antonio, Texas) is a cattle rancher and environmentalist who started the Brazilian rainforest conservation organization, Aliança da Terra.
Carter moved to Brazil from Texas in 1996, and now owns a 8,100 hectare (20,000 acre) ranch near the Xingu and Amazon rivers in the Brazilian state of Mato Grosso.
Shocked by the rapid deforestation occurring in the Amazon Rainforest, Carter started Aliança da Terra to provide economic incentives for farmers and ranchers to preserve the forest land.

</doc>
<doc id="19661228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661228" title="Buksa">
Buksa

Buksa may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19661245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661245" title="Sumner Stone">
Sumner Stone

Sumner Stone (born in Venice, Florida on 9 June 1945) is a typeface designer and graphic artist. He notably designed ITC Stone while working for Adobe. A specimen of ITC Stone exists at his personal website.
Career.
Stone studied at Reed College, graduating with a degree in sociology in 1967, and earned an MA in Mathematics from Sonoma State University in 1977. After graduating from Reed, he took calligraphy lessons with Lloyd Reynolds.
1969-1971
1972-1979
1979-1983
1983-1984
1984-1989
Since 1990, Stone has owned and run the Stone Type Foundry now located in Guinda, California.
Publications.
"Transitions in Letterform: The pre-Serif Letter," EJF Journal, January 2007.
"Rock Wraps Paper," Inscriptions at the Old Public Library of San Francisco, edited by Jack W. Stauffacher. San Francisco: The Book Club of California and San Francisco Public Library, 2003. 
"The Imperial Roman Letter," Society of Fellows News, American Academy in Rome, Fall 2003.
"Becoming Type," Calligraphic Type Design in the Digital Age, San Francisco: Gingko Press, 2002.
Font: Sumner Stone, Calligraphy and Type Design in a Digital Age. Ditchling: Ditchling Museum and the Edward Johnston Foundation, 2000.
"Foreword," Adrian Wilson, The Design of Books. San Francisco: Chronicle Books, 1993.
On Stone, The Art and Use of Typography on the Personal Computer. San Francisco: Bedford Arts, 1991. Also published as Typography on the Personal Computer, London: Lund Humphries, 1991.
"Forgotten Characters: An Adventure in Typographic Navigation," in Designer's Guide to Typography, edited by Nancy Aldrich-Reunzel and John Fennell. New York: Watson-Guptill, 1991.
"Hans Eduard Meier's Syntax Antiqua," & "The Stone Family of Typefaces: New Voices for the Electronic Age," in Fine Print on Type, San Francisco: Bedford Arts, 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="19661256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661256" title="Christian Heritage Party of Canada candidates, multiple elections">
Christian Heritage Party of Canada candidates, multiple elections

The following article is a list of people who have contested several elections for the Christian Heritage Party of Canada, but whose personal biography is otherwise too short to merit a separate article. It eliminates redundant references under each year's list of party candidates.
Colin George Atkins.
Colin George Atkins is a political activist in Manitoba, Canada. He is a leading figure in the province's Christian Heritage Party organization, having run for the party on four occasions. He has also campaigned for provincial office as an independent candidate (the CHP does not run candidates at the provincial level).
Atkins was born in Leeds, England on June 24, 1931, and moved to Canada in 1952. He now lives in Souris, Manitoba. Now retired, he has been involved with the Christian Heritage Party (CHP) since 1987, and was the President of its Manitoba organization for three years.
Jean Blaquière.
Jean Blaquière was a candidate twice for the CHP. He ran in the 1993 general election, was elected as the party's leader in March 1994, ran in the February 1995 byelection in Brome--Missisquoi, described as Quebec's closest analogue to a "Bible belt", and stepped down from the leadership in November 1995.
See detailed entry here.
Durk Bruinsma.
Durk Bruinsma is a Canadian politician. He was a candidate for the Christian Heritage Party of Canada in four elections.
David W. Bylsma.
David W. Bylsma was born in St. Catharines, Ontario in 1970. He graduated from McMaster University with a degree in Civil Engineering, and operates a business manufacturing custom cabinet doors. He is a member and full-time organist with the Living Hope Orthodox Presbyterian Church.[http://www.chp.ca/ontarioRidings/] He opposes abortion and supports restoration of the death penalty ("Hamilton Spectator", 23 November 2000).
He is a perennial candidate for the Christian Heritage Party, having campaigned for the party in every federal election since 1993. As of 2005, he is the interim president of the CHP council executive. Bylsma has also been involved with the Family Coalition Party at the provincial level, although he has not campaigned as a candidate.
His father Bill and mother Tilly have also campaigned for the CHP.
Geoffrey Capp.
Geoffrey Capp was born in 1959 in London, Ontario, Canada), he has run seven times for election in Canada, most of them federally in the Yukon for the Christian Heritage Party of Canada.
Capp ran for the CHP in the Yukon constituency in the 1993, 1997, 2000 and 2004 federal elections, and twice for the CHP in the Lethbridge constituency in the 2008 election and 2011 election.
Capp also ran once for the Yukon Legislative Assembly. In the 2002 territorial election, Capp ran as one of two independent candidates in the McIntyre-Takhini riding, winning 15 votes, 1.66% of the total, and losing to John Edzerza of the Yukon Party.
In 2000, the CHP was not a registered party, so candidates including Capp were listed as "no affiliation".
Capp had supported the Progressive Conservative Party from about 1977 to 1987, but abandoned it because of what he saw as scandals and financial incompetence of the Mulroney government. 
He is an Evangelical Christian and member of the Church of the Nazarene.
Ken De Vries.
Ken De Vries is a Canadian politician. He has been a candidate for the Christian Heritage Party in five elections from 1993 to 2006, running in Elgin-Middlesex-London in the later three.
Peter J. Ellis.
Peter J. Ellis was born in England in 1939, and raised in Australia. He came to Canada in 1959, and returned to school in the same year. He holds a Bachelor of Theology degree from Toronto Bible College, a Bachelor of Arts degree in Political Science from Waterloo Lutheran University, and a Master of Arts degree in History from the University of Guelph. He worked as a career counsellor for nine years, and is now a real estate broker and part owner of Ursula's Travel Ltd. Ellis describes himself as a conservative member of the Anglican Church of Canada.[http://www.chpelection.ca/riding/guelph.html]
Ellis was a perennial candidate for the Christian Heritage Party, having campaigned for the party on five occasions. In 1998, he was appointed as head of the party's Ontario council.[http://www.chp.ca/ontarioRidings/WaterlooWellington.htm] Ellis argued in 2006 that he would be willing to join the Conservative Party, if they included God in their constitution and opposed abortion and same-sex marriage on principle ("Kitchener-Waterloo Record", 28 January 2006).
Ron Gray.
Ron Gray has contested several elections and byelections for the Christian Heritage Party. Full details at a separate article.
Larry R. Heather.
Larry R. Heather has contested several elections and byelections for the Christian Heritage Party. Full details at a separate article.
Jim Hnatiuk.
Jim Hnatiuk has been the leader of the Christian Heritage Party of Canada since November 2008. He is a Ukrainian-Canadian.
Hnatiuk has run for the party in federal elections in 2004, 2006 and 2008.
Dave Joslin.
Dave Joslin is a welder-fitter, 54 years old in 2008. He lives in Grey Township, and is a member of the Bethel Free Reformed Church in Mitchell, Ontario. He opposes judicial activism, abortion, embryonic research and hate-crimes legislation.
Dave Joslin ran in the 2003 provincial election for the FCP, his first provincial campaign. He received 902 votes, finishing fifth in a field of six candidates. The winner was Carol Mitchell of the Ontario Liberal Party.
Joslin has been a candidate five times federally for the Christian Heritage Party of Canada. His results in the 2006 election were such that he received more votes than the difference between first and second place.
Baird Judson.
Baird Judson is a perennial candidate for the Christian Heritage Party of Canada, and has run in Prince Edward Island ridings in each election since the party was formed in 1986.
Baird ran in the Hillsborough riding in 1988, 1993, 1997 and 2000.
Baird ran in the Charlottetown riding in 2004, 2006 and 2008.
Harold John Ludwig.
Harold John Ludwig is a Canadian politician who was a candidate for the Christian Heritage Party of Canada in four elections.
Terry M. Marshall.
Terry M. Marshall was born in Kingston in 1960. He is a graduate of Frontenac Secondary School, and accepted a track scholarship to Morehead State University in Kentucky in 1979. He returned to Kingston following a conversion experience, and became an audio-visual repair technician after graduating from St. Lawrence College in 1983 ("Kingston Whig-Standard", 10 May 1997). He is a perennial candidate for the Christian Heritage Party, having campaigned for the party four times. Marshall was endorsed by the Campaign Life Coalition in his first election as the only candidate in Kingston and the Islands to oppose abortion under all circumstances ("KWS", 27 October 1988). In 1989, he was chosen as president of the CHP Kingston and the Islands Riding Association ("KWS", 22 June 1989). He is currently a member of Bayridge Alliance Church.[
In late 2005, Marshall announced that the CHP would not field a candidate in Kingston and the Islands for the 2006 election ("KWS", 12 December 2005).
David J. Reimer.
David J. Reimer has contested several elections for the Christian Heritage Party. Full details at a separate article.
Robert Scott.
Robert Scott has a Bachelor of Arts degree (1973) and a certificate of education (1974) from the University of Manitoba. He worked as a teacher and social counsellor with the Department of Indian Affairs, and later became a locomotive engineer with the Canadian National Railway. He is a retired member of the Royal Canadian Navy Reserves, with a rank of Chief Petty Officer 2nd Class.
Scott joined the Christian Heritage Party in 1988, and has been president of the party's Manitoba branch. Once active in the Roman Catholic church, he now attends the Shalom Family Worship Centre. He has been a candidate for the CHP on five occasions.
Eric Truijen.
Eric Truijen has a high-school education. He was employed as a trucker from 1979 and 1991, when he became a professional firefighter in the city of Winnipeg ("Winnipeg Free Press", 2 January 2006). He and his wife have hosted international students at their house, and he has worked with the Habitat project to construct inner-city homes.[http://www.chpelection.ca/riding/winnipeg-north.html] 
Truijen wrote a letter to the "Winnipeg Free Press" newspaper in 1994, criticizing federal Minister of Justice Allan Rock for adding sexual orientation as a protected category under the Canadian Human Rights Act. He wrote that Rock was "wasting its precious time and our money to do this", and stated that "people who choose a perverted sexuality" were "already fully protected under the charter" (10 August 1994).
He has campaigned for the CHP four times.
Edward Vanwoudenberg.
See full article here.
Frank Wagner.
Frank Wagner has been a candidate for the Christian Heritage Party of Canada in four elections.

</doc>
<doc id="19661287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661287" title="MTV's Busted">
MTV's Busted

"MTV's Busted" is a reality TV show that depicts young adults (mostly students in college) getting arrested and penalized by police. Most arrests are for alcohol-related crimes, such as drunk driving and underage drinking. Arrests for possession of marijuana are also common. "Busted" began airing in summer 2008. The stories are shown from the officers' point of view with the arrested's video commentary added in.
In September 2008, the show's film crews were present during a tasering incident, which resulted in a 19-year-old man dying at the hands of police in Lincoln, Nebraska.

</doc>
<doc id="19661317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661317" title="Draslajca">
Draslajca

Draslajca () is a village in the south-western region of the Republic of Macedonia.
Information.
Draslajca is a medium-sized village in the centre of the Struga municipality. It has 3 general stores, a granary, an agency from the Government of the Republic of Macedonia and the ""Makedonski Dom"" in the Sredselo (centre of the village). The village is home to a large open soccer field and two Churches. The Church Sveta Bogorodica and the Manastir Sveta Nedela are both at the northern end of the village.
History.
The first mention of Draslajce in literature is in a Turkisk census document of the Ohrid Sanjak in 1543. It mentions the village under the name "Dragoslavica". The village was based on corn-farming and animal keeping. In "Ethnographie des Vilayets d'Adrianople, de Monastir et de Salonique" the French newspaper "Le Courrier d'Orient" had the village listed as having 40 households and a male population of 112 people, all Macedonian.
Name Draslajca: the elder people say it comes from Dras that means wild grass and Lajca is old word for scythe.
The key location of the village in the flatlands was key to its survival and property. After the Balkan Wars all of the population of the neighbouring village of Livada began to migrate to the village. This caused the population to boom while reducing the number of inhabitants of Livada.
During World War Two Draslajca was occupied by the Italian occupiers. They had a good relationship with the local villages an set up camp in the village. They soon built the village ""Dom"" or home in the center of the village. This building is still present in the village today. The Italians were expelled by the partisan forces and a monument was constructed for the Partisan fighters.
Geography.
The Village of Draslajca is situated in the center of the Struško Pole. It is north of Struga and north-west of Ohrid Airport. The nearest villages are Moroišta () and Bidžovo (). The Village is situated on the Eastern side of the Black Drin river. The village is situated in flat lands and is surrounded by fertile farming lands and pastures. It is situated at above sea level.
Demography.
Many of the townsfolk have origins from the neighbouring village of Livada as this is where the population of Draslajca is originally from. After World War Two the remaining Macedonians in Livada began to leave the village and settle in Draslajca. This pattern of migration turned Livada into an exclusively Albanian village. Many more people from neighbouring villages also began to settle in Draslajca.

</doc>
<doc id="19661322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661322" title="Sam Sneed production discography">
Sam Sneed production discography

The following is a list of songs produced by Sam Sneed.

</doc>
<doc id="19661341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661341" title="RVS III">
RVS III

RVS III is the third album by Country Music artist by Ricky Van Shelton. The Singles released from the album were "Statue of a Fool" (#2), "I've Cried My Last Tear for You"(#1), "I Meant Every Word He Said" (#2), and "Life's Little Ups and Downs" (#4). The album was certified platinum by the RIAA on April 8, 1991.
The album includes several covers. "Oh, Pretty Woman" is a cover of Roy Orbison's famous song. "Sweet Memories" was originally recorded by Willie Nelson in 1979 for his album of the same name. "Statue of a Fool" was previously a #1 hit for Jack Greene in 1969 and a #10 in 1974 for Brian Collins, and "Life's Little Ups and Downs" was previously a #41 for Charlie Rich in 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="19661342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661342" title="Iran–Saudi Arabia relations">
Iran–Saudi Arabia relations

Saudi–Iran Arabian relations refers to the bilateral relations between the Islamic Republic of Iran and the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. Saudi Arabia-Iran relations have been mixed throughout its history. Both Saudi Arabia and Iran have aspiration for Islamic leadership and both countries possess different vision of regional order. Iran, which after the Islamic Revolution strictly followed an anti-US policy, always deemed Saudi Arabia as an agent of the US in the Persian Gulf region that speaks for the US interests. Saudi Arabia's concerns about Iran on the other side are mainly associated to its plans of expanding influence to other parts of the Persian Gulf region, notably in post-Saddam Iraq, and the quest to build its own nuclear program.
The difference of political ideologies and governance also divided both countries. For Iran, it is said that there is no place for monarchical regimes in Islam as is seen in Saudi Arabia and also in some other Arab countries, which legitimizes the authority of Iranian clerical elites. Energy is a third source of tension between Saudi Arabia and Iran. Whereas Saudi Arabia, in contrast to Iran with its smaller oil reserves and larger population, can afford and is in a position to take a long-term view of the global oil market and has incentive to moderate prices, on the other hand Iran is compelled to focus on high prices in the short term.
Pahlavi Dynasty.
Saudi Arabia and Iran established diplomatic relations in 1929 following the signing of a Saudi-Iranian Friendship Treaty. However, relations were not active until the 1960s mostly due to differences in religious practices and Iran's recognition of Israel. In 1966 King Faisal of Saudi Arabia visited Iran with the aim of further strengthening the relationships between the countries. The Shah of Iran Mohammad-Reza Pahlavi reciprocated by paying an official visit to Saudi Arabia which eventually led to a peaceful resolution of the islands. The Shah supported King Faisal's efforts regarding Islamic solidarity and actively contributed to the establishment of multinational Islamic institutions, including the Organization of the Islamic World Congress, the Muslim World League, and the Organization of the Islamic Conference. 
In 1968, Saudi Arabia and Iran signed a demarcation agreement. When the United Kingdom announced to withdraw and vacate from the Persian Gulf in the late 1960s, Iran and Saudi Arabia took the primary responsibility for peace and security in the region. In the late 1960s, the Shah sent a series of letters to King Faisal, urging him to modernize Saudi Arabia, saying, "Please, my brother, modernize. Open up your country. Make the schools mixed women and men. Let women wear miniskirts. Have discos. Be modern. Otherwise I cannot guarantee you will stay in your throne." In response King Faisal wrote, "Your majesty, I appreciate your advice. May I remind you, you are not the shah of France. You are not in the Élysée. You are in Iran. Your population is 90 percent Muslim. Please don't forget that."
During the 1970s, Saudi Arabia's main concerns over Iran were firstly, Iran's modernisation of its military and its military dominance all over the region; secondly, Iran's repossession of the islands of Big Tunb, Little Tunb and Abu Moussa in 1971 which challenged the United Arab Emirates claim over the islands. But the relationship between Iran and Saudi Arabia was never as friendly as between the years 1968 and 1979.
The relationship between the two countries was not without its tensions in the mid-to-late 1970s. As the Shah attempted to build an Iranian security architecture in the region, the Saudis resisted these efforts. Instead, King Khalid attempted to build bilaterial security relationships with the smaller Gulf states. The Saudis also argued for more modest OPEC price increases in 1976 and 1977 than Iran wanted.
Iranian Revolution.
Following the Iranian Revolution in 1979, Khomeini and other Iranian leaders openly attacked and criticised the character and religious legitimacy of the Saudi regime. However King Khalid, then ruler of Saudi Arabia, sent Khomeini a congratulatory message, stating that "Islamic solidarity" could be the basis for closer relations of two countries. He also argued that with the foundation of the Islamic Republic in Iran there were no obstacles that inhibited the cooperation between two countries. 
In a 1987 public address Khomeini declared that “these vile and ungodly Wahhabis, are like daggers which have always pierced the heart of the Muslims from the back,” and announced that Mecca was in the hands of “a band of heretics.” Upon this statement diplomatic relations between two countries ended until 1991.
Sectarian tensions.
Historically, Iran–Saudi Arabia relationships have always been uncertain, something attributed to the different sects that the majority populations in both the countries follow. Saudi Arabia which is a predominantly Sunni society has always been skeptical about Shi'ite Iran's activities in the Persian Gulf region, thus labeling them as Iran's strategy of gaining influence in not only the Middle East but also in the entire Muslim world. Leading Sunni and Shi'ite Clerics in both the countries deemed each other's religious beliefs as incorrect for decades. An attempt was made by the Sunnis to demolish the shrine of al-Hussein, one of the important religious leaders of the Shi'ite theology. Since that incident, tension between the Sunni and Shi'ite creeds has increased and this tension is considered unlikely to be resolved any time soon. According to "Le Figaro", on 5 June 2010, King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia told Hervé Morin, then Defense Minister of France that: "There are two countries in the world that do not deserve to exist: Iran and Israel."
Iran–Iraq War.
The Shia–Sunni conflict between the two countries also played a pivotal role in the Iran–Iraq war when Saudi authorities pledged US$25 billion of aid to the Iraqi government of Saddam Hussein, a Sunni. The Iran–Iraq War increased Saudi concern about their security, leading to their financial support to Iraq, although the relations between Iraq and Saudi Arabia at that time were not warm. Therefore, the reason for helping Iraq was that Saudi Arabia recognised that revolutionary Iran was a far greater threat to its survival and the stability of the region. Saudi Arabia also encouraged other Arab states of the Persian Gulf, including Kuwait, Bahrain and the United Arab Emirates, to do the same by giving financial support to Iraq. To cover the costs of the war Saudi Arabia dramatically increased its oil production. This increase in oil production by Saudi Arabia was aimed to weaken Iran's ability to fund its campaigns. But this measure by Saudi Arabia did not have a desired impact on Iran because it also cost the Saudi government billions in revenue because oil prices plunged from over $30 a barrel to less than $15 by the mid 1980s.
During the Iran–Iraq war, Iran flew their aircraft in Saudi airspace and also threatened Saudi Arabia and Kuwait with severe consequences if they would not stop supporting Iraq. But unlike America, Saudi Arabia did not break diplomatic relations with Iran even during the worst periods of tension following the revolution and during the Iran–Iraq war.
1987 Hajj Incident.
Until 1987, no satisfactory resolution was made to decrease the tension between Iran and Saudi Arabia. The already strained relationship between the two countries further deteriorated when clashes occurred between Iranian-led demonstrators and Saudi security forces on 31 July 1987. The clash claimed the lives of around 400 pilgrims, out of which two thirds had Iranian nationality. This incident angered the Saudis and in retaliation, the Saudi administration instituted a ban on all Hajj (Pilgrimage) rituals and activities. Angry protesters in Tehran responded by ransacking the Saudi embassy and also detained and beat many Saudi diplomats. As a result, one of the Saudi officials died from the injuries. In response, Saudi Arabia in 1988, cut its diplomatic relations with Iran and as a result no Iranian could obtain a Saudi travel visa for performing the Hajj (Pilgrimage).
Responses to "Satanic Verses".
The relations between Saudi Arabia and Iran gradually started to improve after the end of Iran-Iraq war in 1988. Iran had accepted ceasefire with Iraq in July 1988 and soon afterward, Saudi Arabia started improving relations with Iran. In October 1988, King Fahd stopped media attacks against Iran and asked Saudi administration to put pressure on Iraq to implement UNSCR 598. In 1989, Iranian President Hashemi Rafsanjani stated that Iran and Saudi Arabia were holding indirect talks to improve their relations. But the issuance of fatwa by Khomeini against the Indian author Salman Rushdie again soured the relations between the two countries. Khomeini, who was the spiritual leader of Iran at that time, declared a death sentence for Salman Rushdie for his remarks in his book "Satanic Verses" published in 1988. The Saudi government, which took this religious decree against Rushdie as an act aimed at gaining Muslim sympathies across the world, came up with its own verdict of making Rushdie appear before an Islamic tribunal before he could be delivered a death sentence.
Invasion of Kuwait.
When Iraq invaded Kuwait in 1990, Iran criticised and condemned the invasion. This posture of Iran in favor of the Kuwaitis and the anti-Iraqi coalition of the Persian Gulf states helped an improvement in its relations with Arab neighbors. Both Iran and Saudi Arabia rejected the use of force as a solution to regional problems and opposed the invasion of Kuwait by Iraq. Iran went farther, backing UN sanctions against Iraq. Iran viewed the Iraqi occupation of Kuwait as a serious threat, considering it the first step towards its expansionist mindset. During the war, relations between Iran and Saudi Arabia thawed considerably and the official ties were restored in 1991.
This resumption of political ties were followed by quick high level visits, notably, in April 1991, Iranian Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Velayati visited Saudi Arabia to propose an Iranian-Gulf Cooperation Council alliance with a mandate for the security of the Persian Gulf, during a meeting with King Fahd of Saudi Arabia. He blamed the toothless existing Gulf Cooperation Council for its failure to prevent the invasion of Kuwait, and stressed the need of the inclusion of Iran for strengthening its role.
The Hajj (Pilgrimage) issue was also resolved. For 1991, the Saudi authorities allowed 115,000 Iranian pilgrims, which was more in number compared to the 1988 quota of 45,000, that had led to Iran's abrupt boycott. The Saudis also agreed to an Iranian request of allowing 5,000 relatives and friends of the 412 "martyrs" of the 1987 incident to attend the Hajj. In the later years, Iran adopted a careful approach and undertook measures for preventing a repeat of that incident. Iranian authorities tried to discourage large demonstrations by its pilgrims and attempted to have them held within the confines of the Iranian encampment.
Khobar Towers bombing.
On 23 June 1996, a massive truck bomb exploded near a U.S. military barracks in Dhahran, Saudi Arabia, killing nineteen U.S. American servicemen and wounding hundreds of people. The US government held Iran responsible for the attack. The charges against Iran, however, remained unsubstantiated, and therefore did not sour the Iranian-Saudi relations.
OIC meeting.
The 1997 meeting of the Organisation of the Islamic Conference (OIC) in Iran heralded a shift in the attitude of the Arabs towards Iran. Several Arab countries confirmed their commitment to the conference. Saudi Arabia, which was always criticized by Iran because of its control of the holy cities of Mecca and Medina and also because of its total reliance on the United States for security, also participated in the meeting. In the OIC summit meeting, Saudi Arabia was represented by the Crown Prince Abdullah and its Minister of Foreign affairs Saud Al Faisal. Saudi participation proved helpful in the process of further reconciliation between Iran and Saudi Arabia. As a result, Saudi ministerial delegation visited Iran and later on, the official visit of President Mohammad Khattami to Saudi Arabia took place in February 1998.
This was the first visit by the Iranian top leader to Saudi Arabia after the Iranian Revolution of 1979 and its aim was to address the pressing economic issues of the time. Iran was looking for a reallocation of OPEC (Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries) producing quotas and for that it strongly needed the support of Saudi Arabia. It was also reported that Iran was also persuading Saudi Arabia that it must consider the Iranian Infrastructure to export it to Central Asia. Iran also expected that the issue of the regional security alliance would be raised in which the alliance for the security of the region could be made bordering the Persian Gulf.
A Comprehensive Cooperation Agreement was signed between Saudi Arabia and Iran in May 1998, in which both the countries agreed to cooperate with each other not only in the field of economics but also in the field of culture and sports. The relationship between Saudi Arabia and Iran was further improved when Khatami, the President of Iran, on his visits to Arab countries, reached Saudi Arabia in May 1999. President Khatami stayed for five days in Saudi Arabia in which various discussions were held between the heads of both the countries. Discussions included Persian Gulf security, efforts to bring about higher oil prices, the situation in Iraq and the development of a common approach to regional issues. The partial détente between Iran and USA encouraged Saudi Arabia to show more cooperation to President Khatami of Iran. In addition to this, Saudi Arabia and Iran signed an agreement called Saudi-Iranian security agreement in April 2001.
In July 1999, King Fahd of Saudi Arabia urged other Persian Gulf countries to improve their relationship with Iran. King Fahd of Saudi Arabia, speaking at the opening session of the Shura Council said that it is in the interest of all the countries of the Persian Gulf to improve our relations with Iran. He further said that all the other countries should follow Saudi Arabia's lead. This improved relations between Saudi Arabia and Iran also brought criticism from the United Arab Emirates, which criticised Saudi Arabia of abandoning UAE in its territorial disputes with Iran over three strategic Islands.
Saudi Arabia, Iran and the U.S..
As the relationship between Saudi Arabia and the U.S. is concerned, both countries have been strategic allies for more than sixty years. Saudi Arabia was a firm and generous partner of the U.S. in the cold war and in distant conflicts. The two visits by the President of the U.S., George W. Bush to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia in 2008 reaffirmed the ties between the countries. But Saudis have always distanced themselves when it comes to American policy, especially with regard to Iran. Even when there was growing criticism against the former Iranian President, Mahmud Ahmadinejad, for his alleged hostile foreign policy in connection with Israel, Saudi Arabia recognised that Iran was a potential threat to them, and a regional power in a position to create trouble in their country. Therefore, Saudi Arabia's security over time requires accommodation and good relations with Iran. Iran with its population of 80 million, almost four times the population of Saudi Arabia, is separated from Saudi Arabia by only a few miles across the Gulf, but Americans and other foreigners may come and go. Saudi Arabia, which is the largest producer in OPEC, followed by Iran, is seeking to reduce the tension in the Middle East, with fears of a civil war looming in Lebanon and sectarian conflict in Iraq.
The relationship between Saudi Arabia and Iran was further improved when in March 2007 President Ahmadinejad of Iran accepted Saudi King Abdullah's invitation to visit Riyadh. King Abdullah greeted and welcomed the Iranian President at the Riyadh airport and was pictured holding Ahmadinejad's hand as they walked from airport. During Ahmadinejad's trip to Saudi Arabia, the two countries were referred by the press as "brotherly nations", and also hailed Ahmadinejads visit as another sign of deepening ties between the two countries. Prior to this visit, Saudi National Security advisor Prince Bandar bin Sultan, among the most pro-American figures in the country's leadership, had made a trip to Tehran to voice his government's interest in building harmonious relations with Iran. During Iranian President Ahmadinejad's 3 March 2007 visit, he discussed with King Abdullah the need to protect the Islamic world from enemy "conspiracies."
In 2007, President Ahmadinejad of Iran attended the first-ever annual summit of the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) which was established in 1988 with an aim of containing revolutionary Iran. This visit by the President of Iran was an event which signaled a possible change. Soon after the meeting, Saudi Arabia, the biggest member out of the six GCC states and which has also long been hostile to Iran, invited Mr. Ahmadinejad to Saudi Arabia to take part in the annual Hajj (pilgrimage) to Mecca.
In 2009, Saudi prince Faisal said in a press conference with Hillary Clinton that the "threat posed by Iran demanded a more immediate solution than sanctions." A statement condemned by Iranian officials.
On 11 October 2011 US Attorney General Eric Holder accused Iran of planning to assassinate the Saudi-Arabian ambassador to the United States.
In 2013, Saudi Ambassador to Britain Mohammed bin Nawaf bin Abdulaziz al Saud penned an editorial in "The New York Times" criticizing Saudi Arabia's Western allies for not taking bold enough action against Syria and Iran, thus destabilizing the Middle East and forcing Saudi Arabia to become more aggressive in international affairs. The Obama administration continues to reassure the Gulf states that regional security is a U.S. priority, but, as of December 2013, the Gulf states express skepticism.
Israel-Hamas conflict.
Israel considers Iran as a staunch patron of Hamas, the current administration of the Gaza strip, whose militant wing has fought directly with Israel. Israeli leaders point out too that Iran provides rhetoric support for Hamas, bitterly criticising Egypt and Saudi Arabia to break Israel's economic blockade of Gaza. Iranian President Ahmadinejad strongly condemned Israeli attack on Gaza and put pressure on Arab and other Muslim countries to help Hamas. Iranian President, Ahmadinejad urged King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia to speak out against Israel's attack on Gaza. He also accused the Saudi King and other leaders of Arab countries of being complicit in a "genocide" perpetrated against the Palestinians. Therefore, he stressed all the Arab countries to cut their ties with Israel. Iran has provided funding to Hamas and also supplied Hamas a number of Katyusha Grad Missiles.
Shia insurgency in Yemen.
Yemeni rebels, known as Houthis, crossed into Saudi Arabia, killed two border guards and seized Saudi territory, including the strategically important Mount al-Doud. This triggered the largest Saudi military operation since Iraq invaded Kuwait in 1990. Yemen's government accused Iran of arming the Houthis. Iran has heavily criticized Saudi Arabia for their intervention in the Shia insurgency in Yemen. Iran's then president Ahmadinejad was quoted as saying: "Saudi Arabia was expected to mediate in Yemen's internal conflict as an older brother and restore peace to the Muslim states, rather than launching military strikeand pounding bombs on Muslim civilians in the north of Yemen," while Saudi foreign minister Saud Al Faisal accused Iran of meddling in Yemen's internal affairs. Later Ahmadinejad went even further saying: "Some Western states invaded the region (Afghanistan and Iraq) in the wake of the September 11 attack, while al-Qaeda's main hub is located in another country in the region, which enjoys huge oil revenues and good relations with the United States and Western countries. There are some countries in the Middle East region that do not hold even a single election, don't allow women to drive, but the US and European governments are supporting their undemocratic governments," in a reference to Saudi Arabia.
Iranian general Mir-Faisal Baqerzadeh changed his name to Seyed Mohammad Baqerzadeh in opposition to what he viewed as Saudi crimes committed in Sa'adah.
Wikileaks.
In November 2010, the whistle blowing website Wikileaks disclosed various confidential documents pertaining to the US and its allies which revealed that King Abdullah urged the US to attack Iran to destroy its nuclear weapons programme, describing Iran as a snake whose head should be cut off without any procrastination. The documents were dismissed by Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, claiming them to be "organised to be released on a regular basis."
Sanctions against Iran.
In 2012, in response to the global sanctions against Iran, Saudi Arabia offered to offset the lost Iranian oil sales and Iran warned against this. The same year Turki Al Faisal, former head of Saudi General Intelligence and a Saudi royal, suggested that Saudi Arabia would support the U.S.-led sanctions against Iranian oil.

</doc>
<doc id="19661344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661344" title="Sam Sneed discography">
Sam Sneed discography

This is the discography of Sam Sneed, an American record producer and rapper[http://www.discogs.com/artist/Sam+Sneed]. For song-writing credits, see Sam Sneed production discography.
Sam Sneed planned to release an Album with his Group Street Scholars In 1996[http://www.ballerstatus.com/article/features/2003/09/0069/]
Lady Heroin was meant to be a single for the album, even a music video was shot for itbut was later remixed and put on the Gridlock'd (soundtrack) this time with J-Flexx and The Lady of Rage[.

</doc>
<doc id="19661350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661350" title="McGill Redmen soccer">
McGill Redmen soccer

The McGill Redmen are the men's athletic teams that represent McGill University in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. The women's teams are known as the McGill Martlets.
The name Redmen was first published in 1929 as "Red Men" and was used to describe the red uniforms worn by McGill sports teams. Research done by McGill historian Dr. Stanley Frost indicated that the name Redmen derived from ancient times, when Celts were known as the "Red Men" because of their red hair... "our own Red Men were no doubt Celts in honour of James McGill's Scottish descent," notes Frost.
Men's Soccer.
The soccer program at McGill operates throughout the entire school year. In addition to the regular CIS fall season, the Redmen also compete in the QSSF indoor season running from January to mid March.
Preparation for the CIS season begins with exhibition games during the month of August in the United States. Previous exhibition opponents include Syracuse University, Harvard University, Cornell University, Brown University and Fairfield University.[http://www.athletics.mcgill.ca/main_home.ch2]
To view the team's current schedule and results please view the McGill Athletics or the CIS website in External Links.
McGill finished with an 11-3-5 record overall in Fall 2008, including a 7-1-4 mark in league play. The loss to Laval in the semifinals of the QSSF put a sudden end to McGill’s most successful campaign in eight years, since finishing first in the 2000 season with a 6-0-4 mark…. Aside from James Scholefield, 2nd team All- Canadian, other expected losses to graduation include goaltender Olivier Boulva (2nd team All-Conference), defender Omar John, midfielder Shawn Amarasekera and forward Gareth Pugh.

</doc>
<doc id="19661372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661372" title="Big Four (White Star Line)">
Big Four (White Star Line)

The Big Four were a quartet of 20,000 ton ocean liners built by Harland & Wolff shipyard for the White Star Line in the early 20th century, completed in 1906:
Origin.
In 1899, White Star Line commissioned , which exceed the in length, although not tonnage. After Thomas Ismay’s death the order of "Oceanic"’s sister-ship, "Olympic" was cancelled. Instead, resources were transferred to the company’s new project; to build the grandest fleet of ships that had ever sailed the seas, the 'Big Four'.
History.
In 1901, White Star Line ordered a series of four ships that were to be larger than the "Great Eastern", terming these ships 'the Big Four'. The four ships were designed to have a tonnage in excess of 20,000 tons and rather than being built for speed and to compete for the Blue Riband, were designed to be more luxurious than their rivals. The first of the four vessels was named , and was ordered by Thomas Ismay before his death. The "Celtic" was launched on 4 April 1901 and made her maiden voyage on 26 July. She was shorter than the "Oceanic" but was still longer than the "Great Eastern". After "Celtic" was completed, she was the biggest ship in the world at 21,035 gross tons. The project was followed by the , which was launched on 21 August 1902 and made her maiden voyage on 11 February 1903. At the time she was launched she was the biggest moving object ever built at 21,073 gross tons.
The project was followed by the , which was launched on November 21, 1903 and made her maiden voyage on June 29, 1904. She was the largest ship in the world at 23,876 gross tons until 1905, when the HAPAG's 24,581 gross ton surpassed her in tonnage. The popularity of White Star's Big Four was eventually overtaken by Cunard's and , both of which were larger than the , at 24,541 gross tons the largest and also the fastest of the Big Four, but which was superseded in size before her launch by the "Lusitania". Lastly the Red Star Line's , at a more economical 17,000 tons, was a virtual sister ship to the Big Four in her layout and dimensions. "Lapland" was also built by the Harland & Wolff.
Features.
The Big Four, with the tonnage of 21,035 - 24,541, the "Baltic" and the "Adriatic" were much larger than the first two. However, the Adriatic, which was the largest of the four, was also the only one not to have held the title of largest passenger ship in world. The four ships were propelled by two propellers driven by steam quadruple expansion and reached an average speed of , although their maximum speeds varied. The silhouettes of the four vessels were similar, black hull with red keel and white superstructure. They were provided with four masts (two front and two rear) which supported the cables of wireless telegraphy. The two chimneys were tan brown topped with a black sleeve. The vessels had luxury on an unprecedented scale, with a dining room dominated by a glass roof, a lounge with a reading and writing room with many books and periodicals, also adorned with large picture windows, a covered promenade deck, a smoking room decorated stained glass and in the case of the Adriatic, an indoor pool and Turkish baths.
Careers.
"Celtic".
"Celtic" was the first of the Big Four, which entered service in 1901. This was the first ship to exceed the Great Eastern in tonnage. Her career was marked by several accidents. Transformed into an auxiliary cruiser during the First World War, she struck a mine in 1917, killing 17 people. In 1918, she was torpedoed by a German submarine, but was once again afloat. In 1925, she struck another vessel, but neither ship suffered consequences. The incident was repeated with another vessel in 1927. Finally, in 1928, she struck rocks off Cobh and was considered unrecoverable. It took five years for the ship to be completely dismantled.
"Cedric".
The "Cedric" was put into service in 1903. Her commercial career was divided into transatlantic crossings and cruises. After the sinking of the "Titanic", the "Cedric" was called to New York to bring some of the survivors back to England. During the war, the "Cedric" was transformed into an auxiliary cruiser. On 29 January 1918 the "Cedric" collided with, and sank the Canadian Pacific ship "Montreal" off Morecambe Bay. The "Montreal" was taken in tow but sank the next day from the Mersey Bar lightvessel. On 30 September 1923 the "Cedric" collided with of the Cunard Line in Queenstown (Cobh) harbour during dense fog. Neither vessel was seriously damaged. She was decommissioned in 1931 and was scrapped the following year.
"Baltic".
Commissioned in 1904, the "Baltic" played repeatedly a rescue part at sea. In 1909, she received the SOS from the , after a collision with SS "Florida" of Lloyd Italiano. In 1912, the night of the sinking of the "Titanic", the "Baltic" received the distress call from the ship, but failed to join. She was also involved in a rescue on 6 December 1929, when she assisted the sinking schooner "Northern Light". On 17 February 1933, she sailed for Osaka, Japan where she was scrapped. "Baltic" was commonly accompanied by White Star tender SS "Magnetic", which serviced her throughout most of her career. The two ships appear together on many White Star Line postcards.
"Adriatic".
The "Adriatic", which entered service in 1907, was the largest and most luxurious of the Big Four. Her career was marked by the events known by her sister ships, and she enjoyed a successful commercial career, even having the honor of opening the Southampton - New York route for the White Star Line. Her career was interrupted by the First World War, during which the ship made several voyages as a troop transport. The "Adriatic" was devoted full-time to cruising from 1933, and was retired the following year. She was scrapped in Japan in 1935.

</doc>
<doc id="19661405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661405" title="1933 Baffin Bay earthquake">
1933 Baffin Bay earthquake

The 1933 Baffin Bay earthquake was a 7.3 magnitude earthquake that struck Greenland and Nunavut, and Canada at 6:21 p.m. ET on Sunday, November 20, 1933.
The main shock epicenter was located in Baffin Bay on the east coast of Baffin Island. The shaking associated with this earthquake was only felt at the small town of Upernavik, Greenland. The 1933 Baffin Bay earthquake is the largest recorded earthquake to strike the passive margin of North America and is the largest known earthquake north of the Arctic Circle.
No damage was reported during this earthquake because of its offshore location and the small population of the nearby onshore communities.

</doc>
<doc id="19661429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661429" title="14th Bombardment Squadron">
14th Bombardment Squadron

The 14th Bombardment Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. The 14th Bomb Squadron fought in the Battle of the Philippines (1941–42), much of its aircraft being destroyed in combat against the Japanese. The survivors of the ground echelon fought as infantry during Battle of Bataan and after their surrender, were subjected to the Bataan Death March, although some did escape to Australia. The remainder of the air echelon fought in the Dutch East Indies campaign (1942) before being reassigned to other units. The squadron was never remanned or equipped. It was carried as an active unit until April 2, 1946.
History.
World War I.
Operated as a flying training unit, 1917–1918. 
Inter-war years.
Operated from Bolling Field, DC, 1928–1935. A C-2A transport of the squadron participated as the receiving aircraft ("Question Mark") in a week-long endurance flight testing the practicability of aerial refueling.
World War II.
The 19th Bombardment Group had been selected for transfer to the Philippines; however, the need for B-17 bombers there was so urgent that a provisional group already in Hawaii was dispatched to Manila by way of Australia in September. Under the command of Maj Emmett O'Donnell, Jr., nine B-17s of the 14th Bombardment Squadron (Provisional),the nine crews made up of the cream of the 5th and 11th Bomb Groups, pioneered an air ferry route from Hawaii to the Philippines, leaving on September 5, 1941 and arriving on September 12, 1941 at Clark Field, Philippines. This was the first flight of land-based bombers across the central Pacific. A portion of the flight involved traversing uncharted waters from Wake Island to Port Moresby and Darwin and thence to Fort Stotsenburg. They maintained radio silence over the Japanese mandate islands. Successful completion of this historic flight proved that the Philippines could be reinforced by air. For extraordinary achievement in this flight, the airmen of this squadron were awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross. The squadron became part of the Philippine Department Air Force, which subsequently became the Far East Air Force on November 16, 1941, and was attached to the 19th Bombardment Group (Heavy).
On December 8, 1941, the Japanese bombed and strafed Clark Field at 12:00 pm, catching many B-17’s and P-40’s on the ground, which were destroyed. Sixteen B-17s of the 14th Bombardment Squadron aircraft were based at Del Monte Field and San Marcelino Field and were spared being destroyed. Captain Colin P Kelly Jr, of the 14th Bombardment Squadron attacked the Japanese Navy heavy cruiser Ashigara, thought to be a battleship. Captain Kelly was killed when his B-17 was shot down by Japanese fighters as he was returning to Clark Field, and was posthumously awarded the Distinguished Service Cross (DSC).
The air echelon of the 14th Bombardment Squadron was evacuated to Batchelor Field, Australia on December 24, 1941, while the ground echelon stayed to fight at Clark Field, as infantry in the Philippines as part of the Battle of the Philippines under the command of 5th Interceptor Command. Orders were soon received from HQ Far East Air Force to move to Java, and the air echelon relocated from Batchelor Field to Singosari Field, Java on December 30, 1941.
The 19th Bombardment Group flew missions from Singosari Field, attacking enemy aircraft, ground installations, warships and transports during the later stages of the Battle of the Philippines and the Dutch East Indies campaign between January–March 1942. The group earned a total of four United States Presidential Distinguished Unit Citations for actions in the Philippine Islands and Dutch East Indies. The air echelon of 14th Bombardment Squadron ceased operating from Singosari, Java on March 1, 1942 and began moving to Melbourne, Australia. Arriving at Essendon Aerodrome, Melbourne on March 4, 1942, the air echelon of 14th Bombardment Squadron began operating from Essendon, Australia.
On March 14, 1942, the air echelon of 14th Bombardment Squadron was detached from the 19th Bombardment Group and ceased operations, with men and equipment transferred to other units. The 14th Bombardment Squadron continued as an active unit in the United States, but was not manned or equipped, and was inactivated on April 2, 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="19661431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661431" title="U Better Recognize">
U Better Recognize

"U Better Recognize" was Sam Sneed's first and only single while he was on Death Row Records. The B-Side was Come When I Call by Danny Boy.
Single information.
"U Better Recognize" featuring Dr. Dre, in 1994. He became well known for a catchphrase, "I’m Sam Sneed, you better recognize!", ( which Snoop Doggy Dogg had Sam Sneed say in Dogg's third single from his 1993 album, Doggy Dogg World), from the song and the related Death Row movie, Murder Was the Case. The single peaked at #16 on the Billboard Hot Dance Music/Maxi-Singles Sales chart, #18 on the Hot Rap Tracks chart and #48 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks chart.
Music video.
The music video featured Dr. Dre and was directed by Hype Williams.

</doc>
<doc id="19661454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661454" title="Charles E. Dibble">
Charles E. Dibble

Charles E. Dibble (18 August 1909 – 30 November 2002) was an American academic, anthropologist, linguist, and scholar of pre-Columbian Mesoamerican cultures. A former Distinguished Professor of Anthropology at the University of Utah, Dibble retired in 1978 after an association with the university as lecturer and researcher spanning four decades. Post-retirement Dibble continued to conduct and publish research in his area of expertise, studies of Mesoamerican historical literature and the historiography of conquest-era Mesoamerican cultures, in particular those of the Aztec and others of the central Mexican "altiplano". Among many contributions to the field Dibble is perhaps most recognised for his collaboration with colleague Arthur J.O. Anderson, producing the modern annotated translation into English of the volumes of the Florentine Codex.
Born in Layton, Utah, Dibble attended the University of Utah, obtaining a B.A. in history in 1936. Dibble traveled to Mexico in the year preceding his graduation, and his experiences there shaped the direction of his future career as a Mesoamericanist scholar. Dibble enrolled at the Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México (UNAM) in Mexico City for postgraduate studies, completing a Master's degree in anthropology in 1938. Upon receiving his MA Dibble gained a teaching position at his "alma mater" in Utah commencing in 1939, where he would be based for the remainder of his long academic career. At the same time he pursued his doctoral studies at UNAM, and was awarded his PhD from UNAM in 1942. Dibble also undertook a year's post-doctoral work at Harvard, in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="19661476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661476" title="Tom Petters">
Tom Petters

Thomas Joseph Petters is a convicted criminal who - at one time was an American businessman and executive, who later turned to criminal activities, and was convicted of fraud and imprisoned at the United States Penitentiary, Leavenworth. Petters was the former CEO and chairman of Petters Company Inc.. Petters resigned his position as CEO on September 29, 2008, amid mounting criminal investigations. He later was convicted for turning Petters Group Worldwide into a $3.65 billion Ponzi scheme and received a 50 year federal sentence.
Early years.
Petters was raised with six siblings in St. Cloud, Minnesota. He worked at the tailor, fur and fabric shop founded by his great-grandfather and operated by his family for over 100 years. In 1973, while still in high school, he started Ear Electronics, a mail-order stereo company aimed at college students. Petters completed only one quarter of college before dropping out to pursue a career. In the early 1980s, Petters worked in Colorado as a regional manager at an electronics store chain; when that business went bankrupt, he purchased five of its locations in Colorado and Kansas.
Petters Group Worldwide.
In 1988, Petters moved back to Minnesota and founded Amicus Trading, a wholesale brokerage; the name was later changed to The Petters Company, and it marketed consumer merchandise. In 1995 he started Petters Warehouse Direct to sell closeout, overstock and bankrupt company merchandise from a store in Minnetonka, Minnesota, additional locations followed in the Twin Cities and greater Minnesota. In 1998 he went online to sell discounted merchandise through redtag.com, operated by RedTag Inc.; by 2000 he sold his Petters Warehouse Direct stores to focus on his online business, based in Eden Prairie, Minnesota. He teamed up with direct-mail merchandise company Fingerhut Companies Inc. in 2001 to start a new online store, Redtagbiz.com, which reported sales of $1 billion per year at one point. 
Between 1998 and 2008 Petters created a series of investment funds through which he raised in excess of $4 billion through a variety of Ponzi schemes. These fund family names included: Arrowhead, Lancelot and Stewardship. Through these funds Petters perpetuated the third-largest hedge fund fraud case in U.S. history. Petters used these funds to finance his big box and other acquisitions. He then fabricated retail orders from those acquisitions and used them as collateral to borrow more money through the funds.
When Fingerhut's owner, Federated Department Stores, decided to sell or close the company in 2002, Petters, teaming with former Fingerhut chairman Ted Deikel, made an offer to buy the Fingerhut name, customer list, and buildings in St. Cloud, Minnetonka, Plymouth, Minnesota and Tennessee. The purchase was made in June 2002 and all of Petters' operations moved into Fingerhut's former headquarters in Minnetonka. Deikel took over Fingerhut Direct Marketing Inc., which created the catalogs, and Petters took over Fingerhut Fulfillment, based at a St. Cloud distribution center; the new Fingerhut restarted with online and catalog sales in November 2002. In April 2003, The Petters Group, with two minority investors, purchased uBid. The same month, Fingerhut Direct Inc. announced it had obtained a $100 million line of credit to finance inventory and receivables. In 2003, Petters invested in former Democratic State Senator from Minnesota Ted Mondale's Nazca Solutions. Deikel sold his interest in Fingerhut in 2004.
In January 2005, Petters Group Worldwide purchased the Polaroid brand for $426 million, with plans to use it on consumer electronics and new technologies. In 2006, Petters Group Worldwide acquired Sun Country Airlines. Petters Group Worldwide became a diverse holding company with 3,200 employees and investments or full ownership in 60 companies, of which it actively managed 20. With offices in North America, South America, Asia, and Europe, it had $2.3 billion in revenue in 2007.
Prosecution, conviction and sentencing.
The FBI put Petters under investigation for his role in a fraud scheme involving more than $100 million in investments, with estimates ranging up to $3.65 billion. On September 24, 2008, federal investigators raided the Petters headquarters in Minnetonka and searched Tom Petters' Wayzata home. Documents released by the FBI, IRS and other federal agencies noted that they were seeking evidence of a scheme to lure investors into funding a company based on tens of millions of dollars in purchases and sales that never occurred. The documents noted that a witness associated with Petters and his company came forward with documents and other information, and later wore a hidden microphone and recorded several conversations involving Petters and others who carried out the fraud. The affidavit alleges Petters is caught on tape, repeatedly admitting to the fraud scheme by providing false information to investors; in addition, Petters admits to cheating on his taxes. On September 29, he resigned as the head of Petters Group Worldwide.
On October 3, he was arrested at his home in Wayzata. He was denied bail after prosecutors produced documents that alleged Petters had encouraged another person involved with the case to leave the country, that he regretted turning over his passport, and that he had previously spoken about fleeing the country if the fraudulent scheme was discovered. The U.S. Attorney's Office charged him with mail fraud, wire fraud, money laundering and obstruction of justice. 
The U.S. Attorney staff noted that the government knew nothing about the scheme until Deanna Coleman, vice president of operations for Petters Co., approached them to confess and offered to help federal authorities investigate. This led to the prosecution of Robert Dean White, who admitted to being involved in creating false bank statements and other documents that were used to trick investors in what he described as a massive Ponzi scheme. Both individuals made plea bargains with federal prosecutors in exchange for information on how the scheme worked. They noted that, at the direction of Petters, Coleman and White would fabricate documents for Petters and others to use to obtain billions of dollars in loans. The phony records were used as proof that Petters Co. was buying merchandise, generally electronic goods, from two suppliers (who were named as co-defendants). Petters Co. would tell lenders that it was selling the goods through big-box stores and provided purchase orders to substantiate the deals, but the deals were phony and the documents were fakes. Most of the money lent to PCI was secured by promissory notes and sometimes security agreements; the lenders would wire the money to the two suppliers, which would pass it on to Petters Co., less a commission. As more lenders loaned to Petters Co., outstanding loans would be paid off or rolled into new loans from the same lender. Proceeds went to Petters Co. and to Petters himself, and were used to fund other Petters-owned companies, to pay others collaborating in the scheme and, according to court affidavits, for Petters' "extravagant lifestyle."
Petters' legal troubles led to Sun Country Airlines filing for bankruptcy; the airline had been relying on an operating loan from Petters, who owned all the voting shares of Sun Country, to help the low-fare carrier pay its bills during the months of October and November 2008. With the legal troubles surrounding Petters, the airline opted to file for bankruptcy to exempt itself from the legal entanglements of Petters Group Worldwide.
The FBI Criminal Complaint identifies First Regional of Century City California as the bank that moved more than 11 billion dollars through an account for Nationwide International Resources Inc. of Los Angeles. In a separate legal filing in February 2008, more than seven months before the Petters allegations surfaced, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) had issued a cease and desist order, which the bank consented to. The order cites First Regional for failing to comply with regulations regarding money laundering with respect to Individual Retirement Accounts and violating rules regarding reporting suspicious activity.
During the trial, it emerged that the relationship between Petters and Coleman became "intimate" for a period of time, ending in 2006.
On December 2, 2009, Tom Petters was found guilty in the U.S. District Court in St. Paul, Minnesota on 20 counts of conspiracy, wire and mail fraud. In April 2010, he was sentenced to 50 years in prison for his part in the fraud. Five other employees have pled guilty and are awaiting sentences. Petters' associate and primary fundraiser, Frank Vennes, has been charged with numerous counts of fraud and is awaiting trial.
After more than three years of refusing to speak with the media, Petters spoke with "Twin Cities Business" magazine in an interview from prison. In the interview, which was published in the magazine's May 2012 issue, Petters maintained his innocence. In May 2012, Petters also filed a petition asking the U.S. Supreme Court to review his conviction and sentence.
Philanthropy.
Petters was appointed to the board of trustees for the College of St. Benedict in 2002; his mother had attended the school. In 2006 he gave $2 million for improvements to St. John's Abbey on the campus of adjacent Saint John's University. In 2009, St. John's Abbey arranged to return the $2 million gift to the court-appointed receiver for the Petters bankruptcy. In October 2007, he made a $5.3 million gift to the College of St. Benedict to create the Thomas J. Petters Center for Global Education. In 2006, he served as a co-chairman of a capital campaign at his high school, Cathedral High School, and offered to match donations up to $750,000.
In March 2004, his son, John Thomas Petters, was killed on a spring break visit to Florence, Italy. The student inadvertently wandered onto private property where the owner, Alfio Raugei, mistook him for an intruder and stabbed him to death. Raugei was convicted of manslaughter, sentenced to three years in prison and ordered to pay fines, court fees and damages to the Petters family. Tom Petters noted: "Despite the ruling, we believe there are no winners in this outcome." In response, Petters formed the John T. Petters Foundation to provide gifts and endowments at select universities to benefit future college students.
In September 2004, Tom Petters pledged $10 million to his late son's college, Miami University. He promised an additional $4 million and the total was to support two professorships and the John T. Petters Center for Leadership, Ethics and Skills Development, which was designed to open as part of the new Farmer School of Business in fall 2009. While Petters did donate about $5 million of the total amount he pledged to Miami, the remainder was never received by the university, and the proposed John T. Petters Center never materialized. Funds for two professorships have been rescinded, since Petters' assets are tied up in court. Petters has resigned from two advisory positions he formerly occupied with the Farmer School. Petters was on the Board of Trustees at Rollins College in Winter Park, Florida, where he donated $12 million to create two new faculty chairs in International Business.
Awards.
Petters was awarded "Corporate Leader of the Year" in 2001 by the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation, Distinguished Humanitarian Award in 2003 by B'nai B'rith, and noted in the Big Brothers Big Sisters Odyssey Awards 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19661499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661499" title="Wendy James (author)">
Wendy James (author)

Wendy James (born 1966) is an Australian author of crime and literary fiction. James received a Bachelor of Arts from the University of Sydney and an MA (writing) from University of Technology, Sydney. 
James is the eldest sister of Young Adult author Rebecca James.
She currently lives in Newcastle, New South Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="19661547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661547" title="Parag (magazine)">
Parag (magazine)

Parag () was a monthly Hindi children's magazine published from Delhi by The Times Group in the 1980s and 1990s. It was among the most popular children's magazines of its time, but stopped publication after more than a decade of publishing.
References.
You can read some old copies of Hindi Magazine Parag (for children) at the following web page:
http://kissekahani.in/parag.html

</doc>
<doc id="19661548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661548" title="USC&amp;GS Carlile P. Patterson">
USC&amp;GS Carlile P. Patterson

The USC&GS "Carlile P. Patterson" was a survey ship of the United States Coast and Geodetic Survey in operation between 1883 and 1918. Subsequently she had a brief period of naval service and fifteen seasons as a merchant vessel before she was wrecked on the Alaska coast in 1938.
Construction.
The "Patterson" was named for Carlile Pollock Patterson, fourth Superintendent of the Coast Survey and first of the Coast and Geodetic Survey. "The New York Times" credited the design to Commander Colby Mitchell Chester, USN, at that time Hydrographic Inspector in USC&GS. Naval architect Samuel Hartt Pook, U.S. Naval Constructor, was credited with supervising the drawings. She was built of wood in James D. Leary's yard at Williamsburg (Brooklyn) New York. Frames were white oak with cedar tops; planking, beams and lower deck were yellow pine, the upper deck was white pine. Her hull was fitted with iron diagonal braces, and five watertight bulkheads (3 wood, 2 iron). Power was a Cross compound vertical steam engine (one source reports 356 hp, another source says 215 ihp; this difference may represent different calculation or measurement methods) and she could carry 133 tons of coal as fuel. Her machinery was constructed by Neafie & Levy of Philadelphia. She was rigged as a barkentine with double topsail yards; standing rigging was galvanized charcoal-iron wire. Her boats were two steam launches, two cutters, two whaleboats, and a dinghy. Her deckhouse, 13 x 62 ft, included the engine and boiler rooms, galley, pantry, and a drafting room. She carried a Sigsbee piano-wire sounding machine, state-of-the-art for deep-water hydrography, holding five miles of wire. Lieutenant Richardson Clover, USN, supervised construction and became her first commander.
Federal career.
The "Patterson" departed Hampton Roads for the west coast on July 30, 1884. She traveled by way of the Straits of Magellan, with stops at Madeira, Rio de Janeiro, Montevideo, Punta Arenas, Valparaíso, Callao, Panama, San Diego, and Santa Barbara. She arrived at San Francisco February 13, 1885, and immediately began preparations for her first season of surveying. She left for Sitka April 26 and began survey work May 27.
The "Patterson" was primarily used as a survey vessel off the coast of Alaska and numerous Alaskan features were named by the assorted crews of the steamer. She also served in other west-coast locations and in the Hawaiian Islands. In 1914, she found and rescued 26 members of the crew of the USRC "Tahoma" after that ship struck an uncharted reef in the Aleutians and sank.
In 1918, the "Patterson" was transferred to the United States Navy for use as a patrol ship during the last months of World War I. She was renamed "Forward" August 15, 1918, and performed both patrol and hydrographic duties in Alaska and off the Mexican coast. Subsequently she was returned to the Coast and Geodetic Survey in 1919. The Survey judged she was no longer strong enough for offshore use, and too slow for cost-effective hydrographic work, so she was sold. She was out of service several years.
Merchant career.
In 1924, the Washington Tug and Barge Co. sold the "Patterson" to C.K. West Co. of Portland Oregon who converted her to a motorship for operation along the Oregon coast; the steam engine was replaced with a diesel, probably the four-cylinder Bolinder engine she had in 1930. It was probably at this time or a year later that she underwent a substantial rebuilding. Her deckhouse, bowsprit and eventually also her mizzenmast were removed, her bow was reshaped, and the fore and main masts were replaced with, or reduced to, pole masts. A stern deckhouse and superstructure were constructed. These changes are evident in the photos of the 1938 shipwreck (this article and external links) and in a 1930 photo taken at Herschel Island.
In 1925, the "Patterson" was purchased by the Northern Whaling and Trading Company. From then through 1936 she operated as an Arctic trading ship under Captain Christian Theodore Pedersen, operating between San Francisco and Herschel Island with stops along the Alaska coast. Subsequently she was sold to the Alaska Patterson Co. which operated her for freight service.
Shipwreck.
The "Patterson" was wrecked December 11, 1938, going ashore in surf and blinding rain 8 miles northwest of Cape Fairweather in the Gulf of Alaska, near the mouth of Sea Otter Creek. She was en route from Kodiak to Seattle when she went aground. The first mate was washed overboard and lost trying to launch a lifeboat and a crewman drowned in the swollen creek while attempting to rig a lifeline to get the crew to shore. The 18 survivors remained in the vessel until the tide went out, then reached the beach where they subsisted on supplies dropped from airplanes. Two men were flown out by Alaska pilot Sheldon Simmons who made a daring float plane landing in the creek. The remaining men hiked out to Lituya Bay with a guide, Nels Ludwinson, left by Simmons's plane. Ludwinson was a local trapper who had been jailed for drunkenness and let out early for the job. These man were picked up by Navy planes and the Coast Guard cutter "Haida".
Most of the cargo was salvaged by barge the next spring. The "Patterson" was reportedly beaten to pieces by the surf.

</doc>
<doc id="19661551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661551" title="Monks Horton">
Monks Horton

Monks Horton is a small civil parish in the Shepway District of Kent, England. It is located north of Hythe. Within the civil parish are the hamlets of Horton and Broad Street. The parish is governed by a parish meeting, rather than a parish council, because of its small size. The name comes from the fact that a medieval priory was built here
The population of the parish in 2001 was 95.

</doc>
<doc id="19661571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661571" title="Asia Bagus">
Asia Bagus

Asia Bagus is a star-search program created by Fuji Television in 1992 to promote young up-and-coming performing artists in Asia. Broadcasts once a week as a 30-minute TV program throughout Indonesia, Singapore, Malaysia, Korea, Japan, Taiwan and Thailand the prevailing champion over three shows goes on to compete in a monthly run-off. Grand championships are held once a year. It was hosted by Tomoko Kadowaki and Najip Ali.

</doc>
<doc id="19661596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661596" title="Lindsay Rogers">
Lindsay Rogers

Lindsay Rogers may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19661611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661611" title="Santo EP (album)">
Santo EP (album)

Santo EP is Alonso Brito's debut EP, released through Condor Entertainment on June 26, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19661619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661619" title="Ivan Putrov">
Ivan Putrov

Ivan Putrov (born 8 March 1980) is a Ukrainian-born ballet dancer and producer. Ivan trained at The Kyiv State Choreographic Institute and at The Royal Ballet School. Upon graduation Sir Anthony Dowell invited him to join the Royal Ballet, which he did in September 1998.
Biography.
Ivan Putrov was born in Kiev into a family of ballet dancers from The Ukrainian National Opera and Ballet Theatre, Natalia Berezina-Putrova and Oleksandr Putrov. He appeared on stage for the first time at the age of 10 in the ballet "The Forest Song".
Educated at the Kiev Ballet School, at the age of 15 Ivan Putrov won the Prix de Lausanne competition (1996), where the then-Royal Ballet School director Merle Park was a judge. He spent 18 months at the Royal Ballet School and on graduation in 1998 Ivan Putrov was invited by the Royal Ballet's director, Sir Anthony Dowell, to join the company itself.
He became a principal with The Royal Ballet in 2002. Putrov won the National Dance Award for Outstanding Young Male Artist (Classical) the same year.
Having taken part in Royal Ballet School performances at Covent Garden in 1998 and 1999, in 1999-2000 he took roles in "The Nutcracker", "Les Rendezvous", "Masquerade" and "Siren Song".
He danced many performances at the Nephew in Peter Wright's production of "The Nutcracker" and added roles in "Romeo and Juliet", "The Concert", and "Giselle" (Albrecht).
He was coached by Dowell for his debut as Beliaev in "A Month in the Country" in 2001 and also added Basilio in "Don Quixote" to his repertoire. In 2002 he danced in "Onegin" (Lensky) and "La Bayadère" (The Golden Idol), as well as ballets such as "The Vertiginous Thrill of Exactitude", "Por Vos Muero", and "The Leaves are Fading".
The following he also danced in "Coppélia", "Mayerling", "Swan Lake" and "Scènes de ballet". His debut as "Le Spectre de la Rose" at the Royal Opera House was in May 2004 (the part he also portrayed in the film "Riot at the Rite").
In 2004-05 he danced in "Cinderella", "La Fille mal gardée" (Colas), "Rhapsody", "Symphonic Variations" and "Symphony in C".
In 2006 Putrov suffered an injury in an onstage fall, which led to a lengthy leave from dancing. He returned to the stage without apparent lasting effects, giving his last performance with the Royal Ballet in May 2010 in Cinderella.
Putrov has also appeared with national ballet companies in Hungary, Lithuania and Ukraine, and appeared at the Vienna Staatsoper.
He created the role of Karl in "The Most Incredible Thing" at Sadler's Wells Theatre in 2011, and was also credited in the early development of the work.
In 2012 Putrov choreographed his first major creation for the stage entitled "Ithaca", using "La Péri" by Paul Dukas.
Repertoire.
He has received notice for roles such as Prince Siegfried in "Swan Lake" and Lensky in John Cranko's "Onegin", for which "The Guardian" praised his "captivating blitheness."

</doc>
<doc id="19661630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661630" title="Backroads (album)">
Backroads (album)

Backroads is the fifth Studio Album by Country Music artist Ricky Van Shelton. The first three singles released from the album, "Rockin' Years" (a duet with Dolly Parton), "I Am a Simple Man", and "Keep It Between the Lines" all were number 1 hits. "After the Lights Go Out" and "Backroads" charted at #13 and #2, respectively. The album was certified platinum by the RIAA on December 6, 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="19661649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661649" title="From Here You'll Watch the World Go By">
From Here You'll Watch the World Go By

"From Here You'll Watch the World Go By" is 1995 album by The Legendary Pink Dots.

</doc>
<doc id="19661654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661654" title="Scrap Teacher">
Scrap Teacher

Synopsis.
Shuzaburo Kusaka (Yuto Nakajima) is a junior high student attending a school which is due to close. He tries to learn despite the inept teachers and rowdy students. Toranosuke Sugi (Kamiji Yusuke), his homeroom teacher, is new and idealistic, unlike the other teachers. One day, Kusaka meets three boys, new students at the school: Tōichi Takasugi (Ryosuke Yamada), Eitarō Yoshida (Yuri Chinen), and Sugizō Irie (Daiki Arioka). They transfer to his class and work to change the ethos of the school.

</doc>
<doc id="19661660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661660" title="Damiana Eugenio">
Damiana Eugenio

Damiana L. Eugenio is a Filipino female author and professor who is known as the "Mother of Philippine Folklore", a title she received in 1986. Apart from teaching at the University of the Philippines, she has several publications in the field of Philippine folklore, among them is a series of seven books which she compiled and edited.
Biography.
Education.
Eugenio was a BSE degree holder and a cum laude graduate from the University of the Philippines. She obtained her M.A. degree in English Literatufolklore. She is a professor at the Department of English and Comparative Literature for the College of Arts in Dilimanies: Vol. III, The Legends, Philippine Folk Literature, University of the Philippines Press. ISBN 971-542-357-4
Authorship.
Description.
Eugenio’s works were described as volumes that are thorough and professional in presentation and as being valuable resources for scholars studying the
Philippines and comparative folklore. Written in the English-language, her "Philippine Folk Literature: The Myths" (1993) served as a compendium that promotes "national and international access to Filipino folklore," were gathered from written sources rather than collected oral variants, and was intended to foster interest in the subject matter. In this work, Eugenio also presented the collected narratives in a proper scholarly context that also justified the inclusion of the legends of saints, as opposed to being a pure collection of myths. This particular volume was also described as a recommended work for "any individual interested
in issues of Filipino worldviews and value systems, to any scholar investigating myths across cultures, and to anyone who enjoys the insights that a culture's narratives provide."
Awards and recognitions.
Eugenio was the recipient of a lifetime achievement award from the Philippine Board on Books for Young People (PPBY Awards) for her significant contributions to the growth of literacy for children in 1991. Apart from being designated as the Mother of Philippine Folklore ("Ina ng Folklor ng Pilipinas") by the U.P. Folklorists, Inc. and the U.P. Folklore Studies Program in 1986, she also garnered the following recognitions: Most Outstanding Novo Ecijano in the Field of Arts for Literature (Nueva Ecija High School Alumni Association, 1983), Professional Achievement Award in the Humanities for folklore studies (U.P. Alumni Association, 1987), Catholic Mass Media Award: Best Book in English (a finalist, 1987), National Book Award for Literary History (Manila Critic Circle, 1987), Achievement Award in the Humanities (Philippine National Science Society/NCRP, 1989), Cultural Center of the Philippines Award for the Arts for cultural research ("Gawad CCP para sa Sining", 1992), Golden Jubilarian Achievement Award (U.P. Education Alumni Association, 1992), National Follower of Balagtas Award ("Gawad Pambansang Alagad ni Balagtas", from the "Unyon ng mga Manunulat sa Pilipinas" or the Philippine Writers Union, UMPIL, 1993), Manila Critics Circle Citation (1995), Centennial Award for Cultural Research ("Parangal Sentenyal sa Sining at Kultura" (Cultural Center of the Philippines, 1999), Most Distinguished Alumna of the Nueva Ecija High School (1999), and the Silver Torch Award (U.P. Educational Alumni Association, 2000).
References.
Category of philippnes

</doc>
<doc id="19661665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661665" title="Andy Whitfield">
Andy Whitfield

Andy Whitfield (died 11 September 2011) was a Welsh Australian actor. He was best known for his leading role in the Starz television series "".
Early life and career.
Whitfield was born in Amlwch, Anglesey, Wales. He studied construction at Sheffield Hallam University, England and worked in Lidcombe, New South Wales, Australia as an engineer before settling in Sydney in 1999. He appeared in several Australian television series, such as "Opening Up", "All Saints", "The Strip", "Packed to the Rafters", and "McLeod's Daughters".
Whitfield gained his first prominent role in the Australian supernatural film "Gabriel". He also starred in the 2010 television series "", which was filmed in New Zealand. He portrays a version of the historical Spartacus, although in this retelling he is a conscripted soldier condemned to death who defeats all four of his executioners and is thereby recycled as a gladiator. The actual Spartacus, like this fictional version, was destined to lead a rebellion against the Romans (the Third Servile War). Whitfield also appeared in the Australian thriller "The Clinic" starring opposite Tabrett Bethell (of "Legend of the Seeker" fame) which was shot in Deniliquin.
In August 2010, Whitfield teamed up with Freddie Wong and created a 2-minute YouTube video named "Time Crisis", based on the game "Time Crisis". Whitfield made a brief, uncredited voice-only appearance in the prequel mini-series "", which premiered on 21 January 2011.
Personal life.
Whitfield met Vashti in London. The couple moved to Sydney and married in 2001. They had two children together.
In March 2010, Whitfield was diagnosed with non-Hodgkin lymphoma and began undergoing treatment immediately in New Zealand. This delayed production of season two of "Spartacus: Vengeance". While waiting for Whitfield's treatment and expected recovery, the network produced a six-part prequel, "Spartacus: Gods of the Arena", with only a brief uncredited voiceover from the actor. Although declared cancer-free in June 2010, a routine medical in September 2010 revealed a relapse and Whitfield was compelled to abandon the role. Starz recast Australian actor Liam McIntyre as Whitfield's successor.
Whitfield died of non-Hodgkin lymphoma in Sydney, Australia, on 11 September 2011, 18 months after his initial cancer diagnosis.

</doc>
<doc id="19661690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661690" title="Mohammed Al-Kharashy">
Mohammed Al-Kharashy

Mohammed Al-Kharashy is a football manager from Saudi Arabia.
In the 1998 FIFA World Cup finals, he took charge of the Saudi Arabia national football team for their final group match, after original manager Carlos Alberto Parreira was fired after two losses and saw the team eliminated from contention. Saudi Arabia played South Africa to a 2-2 draw in that match.

</doc>
<doc id="19661695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661695" title="Monty Denneau">
Monty Denneau

Monty M. Denneau is a computer architect and mathematician. Denneau was awarded the 2002 Seymour Cray Computer Engineering Award for "ingenious and sustained contributions to designs and implementations at the frontier of high performance computing leading to widely used industrial products."
Denneau currently works for IBM, where he is the chief system architect for the Cyclops64 family of supercomputers. In 2013, Monty was named an IBM Fellow, the company's highest technical honor.

</doc>
<doc id="19661699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661699" title="Ali Selmi">
Ali Selmi

Ali Selmi is a football manager from Tunisia.
In the 1998 FIFA World Cup finals, he took charge of the Tunisia national football team for their final group match, after original manager Henryk Kasperczak was fired after two losses and saw the team eliminated from contention. Tunisia played Romania to a 1-1 draw in that match. Selmi himself was fired shortly thereafter.He has later coached AS Marsa.[http://news.bbc.co.uk/sport2/hi/football/africa/4749119.stm

</doc>
<doc id="19661704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661704" title="1990 Kremlin Cup">
1990 Kremlin Cup

The 1990 Kremlin Cup was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts. It was the 1st edition of the Kremlin Cup, and was part of the International Series of the 1990 ATP Tour. It took place at the Olympic Stadium in Moscow, Russia, from November 5 through November 12, 1990. Only men were involved in singles and doubles - it became a joint event in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="19661710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661710" title="Passed midshipman">
Passed midshipman

A passed midshipman, sometimes called as "midshipman, passed", is a term used historically in the 19th century to describe a midshipman who had passed the lieutenant's exam and was eligible for promotion to lieutenant as soon as there was a vacancy in that grade.
Royal Navy.
Passed midshipman was never an official rank or rating in the Royal Navy, but was commonly used to describe midshipmen who had passed the lieutenant examination but were waiting on a roster to be commissioned. Between 1800 and 1815, due to a shortage of officers to command small craft, passed midshipmen were titled sub-lieutenant but this also was not an official rank. 
Passed midshipmen awaiting promotion often elected to become master's mate, an experienced seaman role as assistant to the master. Though formally the rating did not lead to promotion to lieutenant, master's mates were paid more than any other rating and were the only ratings allowed to command any sort of vessel. A midshipman who became master's mate earned an increase in pay from £2 15s to £3 16s per month, but initially reduced his chances at a commission. Over time, however, an appointment of master's mate became considered a normal part of the path to a commission; the situation caused some confusion during the last part of the 18th century, when two parallel roles – master's mates trying to become masters, and former midshipmen working toward a commission – held the same title and responsibilities aboard ship.
By the first years of the 19th century, the prefix "master's" was dropped for passed midshipmen, to distinguish them from master's mates in the navigator's branch. In 1824 two further grades were also introduced, consisting of master's assistants and second-class volunteers. These corresponded to midshipmen and first-class volunteers respectively in the executive line. From this point, passed midshipmen had the rating master's mate, abbreviated as mate, and prospective masters had the rating master's assistant. These changes helped eliminate the confusion caused by the mingling of midshipmen in the navigator's branch. In 1838 a Royal Commission, presided over by the Duke of Wellington, recommended the institution of the rank of mate as an official step between midshipman and lieutenant. In 1861 mate was abolished in favor of sub-lieutenant.
United States Navy.
Passed midshipman was first used in 1819, and unlike the Royal Navy was an official rank of the United States Navy. With the establishment of the rank of ensign in 1862, the ranking structure was changed. The term "midshipman" came to mean an officer that passed his exams, while a cadet midshipman was one that had not or was still an undergraduate. An officer would be promoted to the grade of ensign after midshipman, rather than lieutenant.

</doc>
<doc id="19661723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661723" title="Colin Churchett">
Colin Churchett

Colin Churchett (born 30 January 1926) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Glenelg in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL). He also played a game for South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL). 
A full-forward known for his accuracy in front of goals, Churchett was the league's top goal-kicker for four consecutive seasons from 1948 to 1951. In the second half of that sequence he kicked 105 goals and 102 goals respectively. He was also Glenelg's leading goal-kicker in an additional two seasons. Churchett represented the South Australian interstate team on seven occasions during his career.
While away in Melbourne on war service in 1944, Churchett played a senior VFL game with South Melbourne. It came in a win over Geelong at Junction oval where South Melbourne scored an unusual 8.30.(78).
He was one of the inaugural inductees into the South Australian Football Hall of Fame when it opened in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19661747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661747" title="Women's Philippine Basketball League">
Women's Philippine Basketball League

The Women's Philippine Basketball League is an upcoming women's basketball league in the Philippines. It was originally formed in 1998 as the women's counterpart to the Philippine Basketball League. The league went on hiatus from 2000 until it was revived in 2008. The revived league is expected to start-up on November 9, 2008, and will run alongside the PBL tournaments. It is open to all Filipino women basketball players 25 years old and below. 
The league will be sanctioned by the Samahang Basketbol ng Pilipinas, the country's national basketball federation.
The WPBL held its last tournament in 1999 when the Ever Bilena team of Dioceldo Sy dominated the league for two seasons.

</doc>
<doc id="19661752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661752" title="The Guy with the Secret Kung Fu">
The Guy with the Secret Kung Fu

The Guy with the Secret Kung Fu (Cai yang nu bang zhu) is a 1981 Hong Kong martial art film. The film has passed into public domain and can be found on several martial arts film compilations produced by Mill Creek Entertainment.
Plot.
Two young freedom fighters, Hung Wen-ting and Hu Ah-piao, spend their days traveling around China and beating up evildoers. Their sense of adventure is piqued when they are offered the chance to take down the Dragon Gang. A first attempt to defeat the boss of the Dragon Gang, through a disguised entry into her bedchamber as a prospective husband, is foiled because the two brave souls are too young to take her on. Later, the martial arts experts encounter an evil sorcerer and his very powerful demon, who has completely no brain. Foiled by the demon, they come up with a new plan. Accompanied by hoedown music, they set out for the Dragon Gang's lair a second time. A deadly powder eliminates the demon, and the sorcerer is defeated by a toe to the torso. Finally the showdown arrives. One brother takes on the beautiful, cold boss of the Dragon Gang, while the other fights the secret Boss, trusted by the Emperor. The final boss is defeated by skillful use of a coffin.

</doc>
<doc id="19661777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661777" title="Zhitomir–Berdichev Offensive">
Zhitomir–Berdichev Offensive

The Zhitomir–Berdichev Offensive operation () was a part of the strategic offensive of the Red Army in the right-bank (western) Ukrainian SSR. The offensive operation was conducted by the forces of the 1st Ukrainian Front commanded by General of Army Nikolai Vatutin during World War II, from 24 December through to 14 January 1944. 
The task was to inflict a crushing defeat on the opposing German 4th Panzer Army of Army Group South, and to advance to the Southern Bug river while preventing new attempts by the enemy to again capture Kiev. As a result of the successful operation, the Soviet troops, after opening an attack on a 300 kilometer front, moved from 80 to 200 km, almost completely liberated the Kiev and Zhitomir regions, and also a number of regions of the Vinnytsa and Rivne Oblasts, and destroyed six enemy divisions.
The 1st Ukrainian Front also occupied a new advantageous position to the north of the main concentration of forces of the Army Group South. The armies of the left wing of front deeply enveloped the enemy formations, which retained the right (western) shore of the Dnieper in the Kaniv region. In the final phase of the operation, from 11 January 1944, the front’s forces deflected strong counter-attacks by the enemy. Besides the formations and units of the Red Army, the 1st Czechoslovak Brigade also participated in the operation.
As a result of the Kiev Strategic Offensive operation late in 1943, troops of the 1st Ukrainian Front under Vatutin took a large bridgehead on the right bank of the Dnieper in the Kiev region that “overhung” the enemy group of the troops in the south-western Ukraine. In an attempt to reduce the bridgehead and to retake Kiev, on 15 November German forces undertook counter-attacks in the region south of Zhytomyr, but this plan was foiled with the Kiev Strategic Defensive operation.

</doc>
<doc id="19661786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661786" title="Don't Overlook Salvation">
Don't Overlook Salvation

"Don't Overlook Salvation" is an album of gospel music by American country music singer Ricky Van Shelton. No Singles Were released from this album. Despite its lack of singles, the album was certified gold by the RIAA. On the inside of the cover is a painting by Ricky of Jesus rescuing a lamb.
Personnel.
As listed in liner notes
Main Musicians.
Background vocals by The Cumberland Boys.
Additional background vocals on "The Old Rugged Cross" by Vicki Hampton and Donna McElroy.
Strings.
Arranged by Kristin Wilkinson

</doc>
<doc id="19661787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661787" title="Jojo Draven">
Jojo Draven

Josephine Soegijanty-Draven is an Indonesian musician and film score composer. She is a cast member of the Blue Man Group. She was also a guitarist for the American all-female heavy metal band Phantom Blue and the tribute band The Iron Maidens.
Biography.
Born in Java, Indonesia, Jojo Draven started her music career as a keyboardist for several rock bands in the country. Tired of playing keyboard as a result of her classical piano training, she learned to play guitar from the best local guitarist. Shortly afterward, she joined an all-female rock band and found some success before relocating to the U.S., where she studied at the Musicians Institute in Hollywood, Los Angeles, California. There, she became the protégé of Alex Skolnick, guitarist of the heavy metal band Testament.
In 1996, Draven joined the all-female band Phantom Blue as their main guitarist under the name Josephine. She remained with the band until their demise in late-2001. On June of that same year, she and drummer Linda McDonald joined vocalist Jenny Warren, bassist Melanie Sisneros and guitarist Sara Marsh (formerly of Bandit) to form the tribute band The Iron Maidens ("World's Only Female Tribute to Iron Maiden"). Her stage name in the Maidens was "Adrienne Smith," a female version of Iron Maiden guitarist Adrian Smith. Draven's tenure in both Phantom Blue and the Maidens earned her three Rock City Awards for Best Female Guitarist.
Shortly after the release of the band's self-titled debut album in 2005, Draven left the Maidens to pursue a career in composing film scores - many of which have been produced and/or directed by her husband, Danny Draven.
She was featured in the album "Warmth in the Wilderness", a tribute album to pay homage to Jason Becker, appearing in the album alongside Marty Friedman, Paul Gilbert and Vinnie Moore. 
In 2001, she recorded "Baby's On Fire" featuring Ralph Saenz (lead singer for Steel Panther) on vocals, Ray Luzier (drummer for Korn and David Lee Roth Band) on drums, and Jojo Draven on guitar. 
Beginning in October 2011, Draven has played play guitar in the Blue Man Group in Las Vegas, Nevada.
Career as score composer.
In 2001, Draven composed her first film score for the motion picture "Hell Asylum". Since then, she has gone to score other independent films such as "Witches of the Caribbean" and "Ghost Month".
In 2012, she scored her latest feature film "Reel Evil".

</doc>
<doc id="19661806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661806" title="Philippa Nikulinsky">
Philippa Nikulinsky

Philippa Nikulinsky, born in 1942, is an artist and botanical illustrator based in Western Australia. 
Biography.
Nikulinsky was born in Kalgoorlie in 1942, a remote region in central Western Australia. She began working as an illustrator of natural history in the mid 1970s, specialising in plants from harsh environments. Her illustrations have been included in many books and magazines. She is the author or coauthor of books on plants, animals, and their environment. Other works include the cover art for Landscope, scientific journals, and other publications. 
Nikulinsky has made contributions to "Flora of Australia". She is the author of a work on "Banksia menziesii" (Firewood Banksia), provided illustrations and text to "Life on the Rocks" (with Stephen Hopper), and a large format art book called "Soul of the Desert". Many of her works include several organisms, illustrating the ecological relationships of the primary subject, and are noted for possessing high levels of detail while still maintaining a sense of spontaneity. As with other botanical illustrators, she works primarily in watercolour.
Works.
Nikulinsky has been praised for her work on "Banksia menziesii", describing each stage of the reproductive cycle. The inflorescence of banksias is regarded as one of the most challenging subjects to depict. The brief text is accompanied by a series of extraordinary illustrations, both endpapers showing a seed of the species.

</doc>
<doc id="19661814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661814" title="Jack Owens (footballer)">
Jack Owens (footballer)

Jack Owens (born 3 August 1902, Broken Hill, New South Wales; died 26 September 1942, Adelaide, South Australia,) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Glenelg in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL) during the 1920s and 1930s.
Originally from the West Broken Hill club, Owens was a prolific left footed full-forward who excelled despite playing much of his career in the league’s weakest team. He favored the screw punt when he lined up for goals and it was effective as he topped Glenelg’s goalkicking every year from 1924 to 1932 as well as for a tenth time in 1934. On three of those occasions he was the league's leading goal scorer, outright in 1927 and 1928 with 80 and 83 goals respectively while he tied for the mantle in 1932 with Ken Farmer on 102 goals.
Towards the end of his career Glenelg began to improve and in 1934 he captained the club to their inaugural SANFL premiership. He was also South Australian captain for interstate matches in 1933 and 1934. In all he appeared for his state team on nine occasions and kicked 26 goals. At the age of 32, however, Owens showed he was on the decline so quickly in 1935 that he announced his retirement after just three games and eight goals.
In 2002 Owens was in the first group of players inducted into the South Australian Football Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="19661820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661820" title="Thioglycollate broth">
Thioglycollate broth

Thioglycollate broth is a multi-purpose, enriched, differential medium used primarily to determine the oxygen requirements of microorganisms. Sodium thioglycolate in the medium consumes oxygen and permits the growth of obligate anaerobes. This, combined with the diffusion of oxygen from the top of the broth produces a range of oxygen concentrations in the media along its depth. The oxygen concentration at a given level is indicated by a redox sensitive dye like resazurine that turns pink in the presence of oxygen.
This allows the differentiation of obligate aerobes, obligate anaerobes, facultative anaerobes, microaerophiles, and aerotolerant organisms. For example, obligately anaerobic "Clostridium" species will be seen growing only in the bottom of the test tube.
Thioglycollate broth is also used to recruit macrophages to the peritoneal cavity of mice when injected intraperitoneally. It recruits numerous macrophages, but does not activate them. The thioglycollate-induced peritonitis in mice is used as a model to study for potential anti-inflammatory action of investigated test compounds.

</doc>
<doc id="19661831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661831" title="Glowe (disambiguation)">
Glowe (disambiguation)

Glowe may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19661841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661841" title="Orson Scott Card's InterGalactic Medicine Show">
Orson Scott Card's InterGalactic Medicine Show

"Orson Scott Card's InterGalactic Medicine Show" (2008) is an anthology edited by Edmund R. Schubert and Orson Scott Card. 
Originally published in paperback by Tor Books in August 2008, It contains eighteen stories from Card's online magazine "InterGalactic Medicine Show" including four from Card set in his Ender's Game universe.
An audiobook version of the anthology released by Blackstone Audio in November 2008, which contains an additional "special audio-only bonus" story, Ender's Homecoming.
Story list.
The stories included in the anthology are:
Additional story on the audiobook release:
Audiobook.
Produced by Emily Janice Card and Stefan Rudnicki, the stories are narrated by J. Paul Boehmer, Richard Brewer, Cassandra Campbell, Emily Janice Card, Mark Deakins, Vanessa Hart, Don Leslie, Rosalyn Landor, Stefan Rudnicki, Mirron Willis and Orson Scott Card.

</doc>
<doc id="19661849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661849" title="Bogdan Cristinoiu">
Bogdan Cristinoiu

Bogdan Cristinoiu was born in Bucharest, Romania. He is the son of the iconic composer Ion Cristinoiu. 
He started music very young, drums, percussion instruments and piano. He started to take arrangement courses with his father, and also started his own recording studio. He wrote the song ""Un Actor Grabit"" for singer Laura Stoica, and won the most important prize of the moment ""Best Song of the Year"", offered by the Romanian Composers Union. Also, the song won the TV/Radio prize for the song that lasted the most in Romanian Top 10.
After experimenting with sound, he started to study visual arts: photography, cinematography, digital media, editing. He personally met one of the people he respects the most in Hollywood, Walter Murch, sound designer and editor with multiple Oscars for both sound and editing. This was the moment when he realized that he can combine both his passions, sound & visual arts and he doesn't have to choose.
Living in the United States opened him whole new possibilities of expression for music and cinematography.

</doc>
<doc id="19661871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661871" title="Qalam-e-Mowla">
Qalam-e-Mowla

Qalam-e-Mowla is a Nizari Ismaili Shi'a Muslim book that has speeches by the first Shi'a Imam, Ali. It is a poetic translation of Shi'i teachings into South Asian languages.

</doc>
<doc id="19661877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661877" title="Daim al-Islam">
Daim al-Islam

Daim al-Islam is a Mustaali Ismaili Shi'a Muslim book of "Jurisprudence".
This book is written by Al-Qadi al-Nu'man. He served as Dai of four Imams (from Ismaili 11th Imam Mehdi to 14th Imam Aziz the first 4 Fatimd Caliphs of Egypt). The book emphasises what importance Islam has given to manners and etiquette along with "ibadat", the worship of God, citing references of Fatemid first four Imams.
Subsequent Fatemid Imams and Ismaili Dais have relied on Daim-ul-Islam'. The 16th Fatimid Al-Hakim bi-Amr Allah (996-1021) ordered his Dai, Harun bin Mohammed in Yemen, to give decisions in light of "Daim-ul-Islam" only.

</doc>
<doc id="19661887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661887" title="Ricky Van Shelton Sings Christmas">
Ricky Van Shelton Sings Christmas

Ricky Van Shelton Sings Christmas is the first Holiday album by country music artist Ricky Van Shelton.It was released following the success of his first two albums. The album includes versions of traditional and popular Christmas songs, along with two older country Christmas songs, Willie Nelson's "Pretty Paper", and Eddy Arnold's "C-H-R-I-S-T-M-A-S". It also includes two original songs, "Country Christmas", and "Christmas Long Ago".

</doc>
<doc id="19661918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661918" title="Grasshopper (software)">
Grasshopper (software)

Grasshopper is a framework to allow the use of VisualBasic and C Sharp (programming language) applications on a Java Application Server. It is produced by Mainsoft.

</doc>
<doc id="19661924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661924" title="Mount Meakan">
Mount Meakan

The volcano consists of nine overlapping cones that grew out of the Akan caldera, on the shores of Lake Akan. Mount Meakan has a triple crater at its summit. According to its name and local legend, Mount Meakan is the female counterpart to Mount Oakan on the other side of Lake Akan.
Geography.
There are two ponds in the crater, 赤沼 (Sekinuma, "Red Pond") and 青沼 (Aonuma, "Blue Pond").

</doc>
<doc id="19661931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661931" title="Jesenice, Brežice">
Jesenice, Brežice

Jesenice (sometimes also "Jesenice na Dolenjskem", ) is a settlement on the right bank of the Sava River in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia, right on the border with Croatia. The area was traditionally part of Lower Carniola. During the Second World War it was one of five Slovene settlements annexed by the Independent State of Croatia. It is now included in the Lower Sava statistical region.
The local church is dedicated to Mary Magdalene and belongs to the Parish of Velika Dolina. It was built in the mid-16th century. It also contains Mokrice Castle, now run as a hotel and golf course.

</doc>
<doc id="19661936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661936" title="Planchonia">
Planchonia

Planchonia is a genus of trees and shrubs in the family Lecythidaceae.
Species include: 

</doc>
<doc id="19661945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661945" title="Anant Kumar">
Anant Kumar

Anant Kumar (born September 28, 1969 in Motihari/Bihar), is a German author of Indian descent. He resides in Kassel, Germany.
Life.
The son of an Indian teacher from Bihar, Kumar went to college from 1991 to 1998 at the GHK (Gesamthochschule Kassel), where he received a Master’s degree in German Literature, writing his thesis on Alfred Döblin’s epic novel "Manas".
In his literary works, Kumar connects the experiences of a foreigner in German society with Indian culture. His first work, "Fremde Frau, fremder Mann" (Foreign Woman, Foreign Man), is characterized by its pithy insights and expressive perceptiveness. The aspects of observational satire and finely ironic comment are constant elements throughout Kumar’s work. In his work "Zeru—A Seven Day Story" Kumar alludes to the literary form of the epos and brilliantly depicts the colorful array of daily life for an African boy amid wild and ancient myths of the dark continent.
Anant Kumar is a member of the Association of German Authors and the Literary Society of Hessen.

</doc>
<doc id="19661952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661952" title="Sneezy Waters">
Sneezy Waters

Sneezy Waters (born Peter Hodgson in Ottawa on March 1, 1945) is a Canadian singer-songwriter and guitar player who is best known for his portrayal of Hank Williams Sr. in the play and film "Hank Williams: The Show He Never Gave." The play portrays an 'imaginary concert' that the legendary US country singer might have given New Year's Eve 1952 in Canton, Ohio, had he not died en route. It was premiered in November 1977 at the Beacon Arms Hotel, Ottawa, and then presented on tour throughout Canada and in the USA until 1982. It was also staged at the O Kanada cultural exhibition in Berlin in 1983. Waters gave some 300 stage performances as Williams, and also appeared in the film adaptation of the show, a made-for-Canadian-TV-movie that first aired 31 December 1980.
He began performing in Ottawa coffeehouses in his late teens and was a member of several local rock bands, including The Children (which included Bruce Cockburn) and A Rosewood Daydream, appearing with the latter at Expo '70, in Osaka, Japan. Taking the stage name Sneezy Waters he performed during the 1970s as a street musician in Ottawa and appeared as a soloist and with his Excellent Band at folk festivals and nightclubs elsewhere in the country.
Biography.
Sneezy Waters began his professional career in the 1960s, and since that time has toured extensively in Canada (including several Arctic communities), Japan, Hong Kong, Laos, Thailand, India, Denmark, Germany, Holland, and the United States. He cites influences as far flung as Woody Guthrie, Frank Zappa, Philip Glass, Tom Waits, Bob Dylan, Lester Young, Charlie Parker, John Lennon, and Willie P. Bennett.
From 1977 to 1990, he starred as Hank Williams in the runaway hit "Hank Williams: The Show He Never Gave". The show toured extensively in Canada and the United States, and was part of O Kanada, the Canadian cultural festival in Berlin. The movie version of the play garnered rave reviews. In 1984 Waters won the Best Actor Award in the 3e Festival International du Film Musical in Grenoble, France, for his role as Hank Williams. The film was also nominated for the best country motion picture in the 19th Annual Academy of Country Music Awards.
He has been featured on many network radio and television shows including "This Country in the Morning", "The Entertainers", "Variety Tonight", "Let’s Sing Out", "The Family Brown Show", "Café Hibou", "Canada After Dark", "The Bob McLean Show", "Sharon, Lois & Bram's Elephant Show", "Ninety Minutes Live", "The Alan Thicke Show", "The Tommy Hunter Show", and "Super Country Superstars".
He has shared the stage with a number of musicians, including Joan Armatrading, John Hammond Jr., Roy Orbison, and Martin Mull.
Recordings.
He has released two albums, "(You’ve Got) Sawdust on the Floor of Your Heart" (1978) and "Sneezy Waters Sings Hank Williams" (1981), both of which have been re-released on the Borealis Records label.

</doc>
<doc id="19661954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661954" title="Thomas Skinner">
Thomas Skinner

Thomas Skinner or Tom Skinner may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19661965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661965" title="Acid Factory">
Acid Factory

Acid Factory is a paranoid thriller Hindi film directed by Suparn Verma under the banner of White Feather Films. The film released on 9 October 2009.
Plot.
"Acid Factory" is about a group of characters whose sense of past has vanished in a haze of coma like sleep they have woken up from only to discover that reality could be a figment of their imagination.
Their sense of right or wrong is clouded by this state of complete distrust and self-righteousness.
As the story reveals through the hazy mist of confusion confounded by loss off memory, the audience is just shown the tip of the iceberg. Five men wake up inside the stolid confines of a factory to find themselves locked in this claustrophobic nowhere land. As the plot unfolds we gradually learn that two of the people who are trapped have been kidnapped and held hostage by the rest of the three for a heist. But the irony is they themselves do not know who the hostages are and who the kidnappers are. The plot is like a Rubik cube that acquires the contours of solid colours on each side as the narrative unfolds. Their fears are heightened by a phone call from the leader of the gang of goons who informs them that he is on his way with the heist and plans to knock off the two hostages as soon as he arrives. Every one fears for their lives as they are unaware about the fact which two of them are the hostages. They plan escape, fail and end lunging at each other in despair as the clock ticks away. Individual foibles and shortcomings surface in this final hour of despair. Like caged animals they alternately bicker among themselves and then jointly plan means of escape but to no avail. The Big Boss eventually arrives.
It is revealed in the end that Sarthak and J.D. are business partners and Sarthak was going to sell their company and in order to avenge that, J.D. plans Sarthak's kidnapping. Romeo is an undercover cop who becomes a part of this plan to get close to the gang headed by Kaiser. In the end, the gang goes to jail and Romeo and Sarthak get back to their lives.
Music.
The album has 9 tracks, composed by various composers such as Bappa Lahiri, Mansi Scott and Shamir Tandon.
Critical reception.
Acid factory got positive reviews from the critics and was declared a semi-hit. Taran Adarsh (indiafm) and Rediff.com gave it 3/5 stars while PlanetBollywood and Glamsham.com give it 9/10 and 5/5 stars respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="19661986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19661986" title="Indian Pharmacopoeia Commission">
Indian Pharmacopoeia Commission

Indian Pharmacopoeia Commission (IPC) is an autonomous institution of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare which sets standards for all drugs that are manufactured, sold and consumed in India. The set of standards are published under the title Indian Pharmacopoeia (IP) which has been modelled over and historically follows from the British Pharmacopoeia. The standards that are in effect since December 1, 2010, is the "Indian Pharmacopoeia 2010 (IP 2010)". The Pharmacopoeia 2014 was released by Health Minister Ghulam Nabi Azad on November 4, 2013. 
I.P., the abbreviation of 'Indian Pharmacopoeia' is familiar to the consumers in the Indian sub-continent as a mandatory drug name suffix. Drugs manufactured in India have to be labelled with the mandatory non-proprietary drug name with the suffix "I.P". This is similar to the "B.P." suffix for British Pharmacopoeia and the "U.S.P." suffix for the United States Pharmacopeia.
The IPC was formed according to the Indian "Drugs and Cosmetics Act" of 1940 and established by executive orders of the Government of India in 1945.
Pharmacopoeia - History of publication.
The actual process of publishing the first Pharmacopoeia started in the year 1944 under the chairmanship of Col. R. N. Chopra. The I. P. list was first published in the year 1946 and was put forth for approval. The titles are suffixed with the respective years of publication, e.g. IP 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="19662020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19662020" title="Pakistan Medical Research Council">
Pakistan Medical Research Council

Pakistan Medical Research Council (PMRC) is a government-funded research agency in Pakistan attached to the Ministry of Health. It was created in 1962 as a replacement for the Medical Research Fund, which had been established in the 1950s.

</doc>
<doc id="19662037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19662037" title="Arno Breitmeyer">
Arno Breitmeyer

Arno Breitmeyer (born 19 April 1903 in Berlin died 20 April 1944) was a German sport official. He began his sports career as a successful competition rower. In 1933 he became editor of the sports section of the "Völkischer Beobachter".
Arno Breitmeyer joined the NSDAP in May 1933. He then rose to become an important sports official of the Third Reich. Breitmeyer was first adviser and vicepresident of the Reich Sports Office (DRL/NSRL, Nationalsozialistischer Reichsbund für Leibesübungen) during Hans von Tschammer und Osten's tenure as Reichs Sports Leader.
Arno Breitmeyer was commissioned by von Tschammer to write an extensive illustrated report on the organized sports activities in the Third Reich. Breitmeyer was assisted by Adolf Hitler's personal photographer Heinrich Hoffmann in the venture. The first volume was printed in 1934 by the publishing house of the German Sports Aid Funds. Only volume one and two of a planned series of heavily illustrated four volumes were published. The purpose of this book was to advertise the importance of physical exercise among the National Socialists. This propaganda work has many pictures and information about the various Nazi organizations, i.e. SA, NSKK, Bund Deutscher Mädel, Hitler Jugend, etc.
At von Tschammer's death in 1943 Arno Breitmeyer became the leader "(Reichssportführer)".
There is some controversy regarding Arno Breitmeyer's attitude towards the Nazi regime. Some sources claim that he belonged to the SS and that he was known for his anti-Semitic views. Other sources, however, state that he joined the Nazi party relatively early, displaying Nazi zeal, in order to protect his wife who was from Jewish origin.
Breitmeyer was an "Oberregierungsrat" candidate to be a member of the Reichstag (MdR, Mitglied des Reichstags) in 1938. At the time of his death in 1944 he was an SA (Sturmabteilung) "Brigadeführer", ranked as "Generalmajor" (the equivalent of major-general in the U.S. Army or a Brigadier-general in the British Army).
Breitmeyer was succeeded as "Reichssportführer" by Karl Ritter von Halt.

</doc>
