<doc id="19482086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482086" title="List of cultural icons of Scotland">
List of cultural icons of Scotland

This List of cultural icons of Scotland is a list of links to potential cultural icons of Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="19482091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482091" title="Joseph Ovide Brouillard">
Joseph Ovide Brouillard

Joseph Ovide Brouillard (born January 17, 1859 in St. Aimé, Canade East-died March 3, 1940) was a politician and businessman. He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons as a Member of the Liberal Party in the 1911 election to represent the riding of Drummond—Arthabaska. He was re-elected in the 1917 election and joined the Laurier Liberals March 18, 1918.

</doc>
<doc id="19482151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482151" title="Združena Komuna">
Združena Komuna

„Združena Komuna“ (United Commune) was a movement created around the same name blog and later political zine in Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina. Basic principles of movement are libertarianism, democracy, human rights, freedom of speech, struggle against ethno-nationalism and clericalism in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
„Združena Komuna“ was established in January 2008. by Nedim Jahić (under pseudonym Bezdomni), a Sarajevo Law School student, with the help of "Emin Hajrić", a student of journalism at the University of Sarajevo. Later on, he created blog „zdruzenakomuna.blogspot.com“. First mentioning in printed media, ZK had in BH DANI in text „Commune of common sense“ written by Vuk Bačanović, Bosnian journalist and historian. In times of Protests in Sarajevo 2008 against local government, ZK played role through texts and video clips (under motto TOTALNA REVOLUCIJA), and by that was acknowledged by key organizer 'Group of citizens' gathered around 'Protest.ba'.
In May, Vuk Bačanović joined the movement, later on Nikola Parun (young intellectual from Zemun, Serbia) and D.V. (identity remains unknown). In July movement successfully printed first, and till today only, edition of printed zine „Združena Komuna“. Nermina Filipović, student of Academy of Fine Arts designed cover. ZK also received significant moral support from Blob (blog of Kreševljaković brothers), Plamenko Muratović (notable activist in civil activism of Sarajevo), and many others.

</doc>
<doc id="19482157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482157" title="Horace (television play)">
Horace (television play)

Horace is a 1972 television play written by Roy Minton and directed by Alan Clarke, first broadcast as part of BBC One's "Play for Today" series on 21 March 1972. 
Plot.
Diabetic Horace (Barry Jackson) is mentally impaired and works in a joke shop. He befriends loner schoolboy, Gordon Blackett (Stephen Tantum) who retreats from his loveless home into an imaginary world.
The play was later developed as a six part half hour series for Yorkshire Television.

</doc>
<doc id="19482170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482170" title="Boring Bible">
Boring Bible

Boring Bible is one of the numerous spin-offs of the "Horrible Histories" franchise. The books are authored and illustrated by Christian writer and cartoonist Andy Robb, and intend to help children understand who God is (as revealed in the Bible) and how he has operated throughout history in both the Old and New Testament eras.
Six of the books cover the entirety of the Bible and the remaining six books cover particular themes such as Christmas, Easter, God, the church, and how to read the Bible. The series consists of 12 books and is still in print as of June 2013.
Production.
Andy Robb notes that he had to find a formula that would appeal to children, "my kids had a number of books that they looked at, that had been really nicely designed and well produced, but they went through a few pages and then just put them down. I thought, why aren't they reading them?". He then found out about the Horrible Histories books and liked their design so much he decided to use them as a template for his own books. He explains, "With a publisher we decided to develop a range of books called the Boring Bible, which showed the Bible isn't boring, but had loads of facts, loads of fun and loads of cartoons; but actually in a way was using that style of bringing alive the Bible to the kids and they really took off. I enjoyed that; kids seemed to like that, so I found my niche". Robb explained that just like with Horrible Histories, he used multimedia to engage the reader, "It's a bit by default rather than design; but as I say lots of humour, lots of illustration and cartoons, but also lots of facts". He added that he wanted to retain the core focus of the books, despite the tangents, "I'm a truth man as well, so I didn't want to dilute any of the truth of the gospel in the process, which is easy to do".
Instant Lesson Material.
There is also a teaching aid sub-series known as the Instant Lesson Material books. These books focus on specific passages and stories through the Bible and comment on them with cartoons and pictures to make them easier to understand.
The sub-series is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="19482178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482178" title="2009 GP2 Series season">
2009 GP2 Series season

The 2009 GP2 Series season was the fifth GP2 Series season. The season consisted of twenty races at ten rounds, beginning on 9 May at the Circuit de Catalunya and finishing on 20 September at the Autódromo Internacional do Algarve. The Algarve circuit hosted its first GP2 weekend, and was the only new circuit on the calendar. The Nürburgring also returned as part of its rotation with Hockenheim as the home of German Grand Prix. 
The title was won by German rookie Nico Hülkenberg at the penultimate round of the championship at Monza, the first time the series had been won before the final round. His team ART Grand Prix claimed the teams title in the Algarve.
2009 Schedule.
The 2009 calendar was announced on 16 December 2008. The final round of the championship will be the first GP2 race to take place at the Autódromo Internacional do Algarve.
Championship standings.
Points are awarded to the top 8 classified finishers in the Feature race, and to the top 6 classified finishers in the Sprint race. The pole-sitter in the feature race will also receive two points, and one point is given to the driver who set the fastest lap inside the top ten in both the feature and sprint races. No extra points are awarded to the pole-sitter in the sprint race.
Points are awarded to the top 6 classified finishers.
Drivers.
Notes:
Teams.
Notes:

</doc>
<doc id="19482189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482189" title="Nocatee, DeSoto County, Florida">
Nocatee, DeSoto County, Florida

Nocatee is an unincorporated community in DeSoto County, Florida, United States. It is located just south southwest of the city of Arcadia.

</doc>
<doc id="19482198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482198" title="Stand By Your Screen">
Stand By Your Screen

Stand By Your Screen was a 1968 play written by Roy Minton and directed by Alan Clarke.
Plot.
Christopher Gritter John Neville revolts against the suburban conformity of his parents.
Performances.
First broadcast London Weekend Television 8 December 1968. 52 mins.

</doc>
<doc id="19482205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482205" title="Funny Farm (play)">
Funny Farm (play)

Funny Farm' is a 1975 television play written by Roy Minton and directed by Alan Clarke, broadcast as part of BBC 1's "Play for Today" series on 27 February 1975 (91 mins).
Alan Wellbeck (Tim Preece) is a nurse in a mental hospital. His day-to-day struggles with personal feelings and troubled patients provide humour and pathos against the backdrop of a public institution.
Allan Surtees and Bernard Severn also featured in this production.

</doc>
<doc id="19482210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482210" title="Kidnapped (Kipling story)">
Kidnapped (Kipling story)

The Rudyard Kipling story Kidnapped was first published in the "Civil and Military Gazette" on March 21, 1887, in the first Indian edition of "Plain Tales from the Hills" in 1888, and in subsequent editions of that collection.
Kipling starts by announcing that "We are a high-caste and enlightened race" - but suggesting that arranged marriages are preferable to western notions of love matches. "The Hindu notion - which is the Continental notion, which is the aboriginal notion - is sound." The story that follows is designed to illustrate this. It tells of Peythroppe, an exemplary member of the Indian Civil Service. "All his superiors spoke well of him because he knew how to hold his tongue and his pen at the proper times. There are, today, [adds Kipling, in one of the characteristic effects of omniscience which he often used in his early twenties only eleven men in India who possess this secret; and they have all, with one exception, attained great honour and enormous incomes." There is one flaw in his exemplary conduct - he falls in love with Miss Castries, who is "impossible" as all mothers will know.
The impossibility is a matter of race, always a sensitive subject in the British Raj. Miss Castries is of Portuguese origin ("d'Castries it was originally, but the family dropped the d' for administrative reasons") and has a "'Spanish' complexion", a pronounced widow's peak, and an opal-tinted mark on her nails. These are enough to stamp her as having Indian blood in her ancestry - at a time when marrying someone of a different (or 'impure') race was regarded as disgraceful among the British. Kipling reports the facts, without overt comment: he accepts the 'impossibility' of such a gifted young man marrying such a woman. with all the necessary relationships with her relations. Peythroppe is determined to commit professional suicide. Here Mrs Hauksbee enters. "Her brain struck out the plan that saved him." She talks with Three Men, who dine with Peythroppe three weeks later, as he learns he has been gazetted a month's leave. Then camels are heard in the compound, and ... Kipling employs what in the cinema would be called a fade-out. Furniture is broken, and Peythroppe disappears.
"Mrs Hauksbee said that Mr. Peythroppe was shooting in Rajputana with the Three Men; so we are compelled to believe her." The leave is extended, past the wedding day: "Mrs Hauksbee went to the wedding, and was much astonished when Peythroppe did not appear" (an example of Kipling's irony). The young men return from the leave, one with a cut on his nose "caused by the kick of a gun. Twelve-bores kick rather curiously" (more irony). Miss Castries' father, Honorary Lieutenant Castries, calls, and threatens Peythroppe with a lawsuit for breach of promise. But his daughter knows how a lady should behave, and keeps her broken heart to herself. "One of these days will marry a sweet pink-and-white [not clearly identified as 'white', but clearly that is the meaning maiden, on the Government House List socially approved." Kipling ends by saying how much trouble would have been avoided by an Official Matrimonial Department, charged with arranging matches.
All quotations in this article have been taken from the "Uniform Edition" of "Plain Tales from the Hills" published by Macmillan & Co., Limited in London in 1899. The text is that of the third edition (1890), and the author of the article has used his own copy of the 1923 reprint. Further comment, including page-by-page notes, can be found on the Kipling Society's website.

</doc>
<doc id="19482211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482211" title="Gurdwara Bal Lila Maini">
Gurdwara Bal Lila Maini

Gurdwara Bal Lila Maini in a narrow lane close to Takht Sri Harmandir Sahib marks the house where King Fateh Chand Maini lived. His childless Queen had developed special fondness for the young Guru Gobind Singh, who, too, often came here to sit in the Queen's lap giving her immense delight and spiritual solace. She fed the Child Gobind and his playmates, at this demand, with boiled and salted gram. Even now boiled and salted gram is served as prasad (consecrated food) in this Gurdwara, which, unlike the other shrines in Patna Sahib, is served by Nirmala Sikhs. A wood carving on the old front door is dated August 28, 1668, but the hall housing the sanctum and other blocks of rooms in the inner compound have been reconstructed during recent decades.

</doc>
<doc id="19482212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482212" title="Scum (television play)">
Scum (television play)

Scum is a British television play written by Roy Minton and directed by Alan Clarke. It was intended to be screened as part of the "Play for Today" series. Instead the production was banned by the BBC after it was completed in 1977, and it not aired until 27 July 1991. In the interim, a theatrical film version was released in 1979. The original version features Ray Winstone (in one of his earliest roles), Phil Daniels and David Threlfall.
Plot.
Roy Minton's play deals with the subject of youth imprisonment and its lack of actual rehabilitation practised during the 1970s in young offenders' institutions. The film also deals with racism, authority, gang rape and suicide.
Hardened Trainee 4737 Carlin (Ray Winstone) arrives at a new borstal after allegedly brutally attacking a prison officer at his previous borstal. On arrival he is subject to abuse from the prison officers and Pongo (the Daddy) because of his previous reputation. Using the hostile environment to his advantage, Carlin decides to become “The Daddy” of his wing.
One of the young inmates, Davis is gang-raped by three other inmates and subsequently commits suicide in his cell, using a razor blade.
Ban.
To protect against possible trouble, considerable research had been undertaken to establish the authenticity of the drama, although executives in the corporation considered it unrealistic, according to "Play for Today" producer Margaret Matheson, because of the potential confusion between documentary and drama because of the detailed representation. An 'Early Warning Synopsis' practice existed in the BBC between producers and their superiors whereby details of a programme's content was communicated. In the case of "Scum", this had been seen by the controller of BBC 1, Bryan Cowgill without any problems being raised. A change in personnel, with Bill Cotton succeeding Cowgill, soon led to difficulties in October 1977 when the completed work was awaiting its now scheduled transmission.
Some cuts were made at Cotton's request, an earlier suicide was removed; those involved in the play hoped the edits would prevent it being banned, but no avail. The play was not transmitted at the time. Matheson managed to screen the film for the press, outside the BBC in a Soho preview theatre, which did manage result in press coverage about the suppression, not necessarily favourable to "Scum" itself. At the screening, Minton dubbed the production the 'Billy Cotton "Banned" Show' after the light-entertainment programme Billy Cotton Band Show, hosted by the BBC executive's father.

</doc>
<doc id="19482218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482218" title="Mid and East Antrim District Council">
Mid and East Antrim District Council

Mid and East Antrim District Council (also referred to as Mid Antrim District Council) is a local authority that will be formally established on 1 April 2015. It will replace Ballymena Borough Council, Carrickfergus Borough Council and Larne Borough Council. The first elections to the authority will be on 22 May 2014 and it will act as a shadow authority, prior to the creation of the Mid and East Antrim district on 1 April 2015.
The electoral areas will be Ballymena, Bannside, Braid, Carrick Castle, Coast Road, Knockagh and Larne Lough.

</doc>
<doc id="19482240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482240" title="96th Air Refueling Squadron">
96th Air Refueling Squadron

The 96th Air Refueling Squadron (96 ARS) is an associate unit of the 15th Wing at Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam, Hawaii in partnership with the 203rd Air Refueling Squadron and 154th Maintenance Group of the Hawaii Air National Guard.
Mission.
The 96 ARS operates the KC-135 Stratotanker aircraft conducting aerial refueling missions.
History.
The 96th Air Refueling Squadron was constituted as the 6th Reconnaissance Squadron (Medium) on 20 November 1940 and activated on 15 January 1941 at March Field, California. Originally attached to the 41st Bombardment Group, it became assigned to it on 25 February 1942. The squadron was tasked with conducting antisubmarine patrols, from December 1941–August 1942 and from December 1942–February 1943.
It was redesignated as the 396th Bombardment Squadron (Medium) on 22 April 1942 and as the 396th Bombardment Squadron, Medium, c. 9 May 1943. Trained with B-25 Mitchell medium bombers, being assigned to Seventh Air Force. Deployed to the Central Pacific Area, from 19 January–23 September 1944, engaging in combat operations in the Gilbert Islands, then returning to Hawaii in October 1944.
Deployed to Okinawa in June 1945, flying combat bombardment missions over eastern China and Formosa. Prepared for combat action as part of Operation Downfall, the planned invasion of the Japanese Home Islands however the Japanese Capitulation in August cancelled those plans. Squadron demobilized on Okinawa during the fall of 1945, aircraft being sent to reclamation in the Philippines. Personnel returned to the United States and squadron inactivated on 27 January 1946.
Reactivated as 96th Air Refueling Squadron, Medium in 1953. Based at Altus AFB, Oklahoma; supported refueling operations primarily in Northeast Air Command and Alaskan Air Command areas. Also deployed to Guam in 1956 flying KC-97F and G aircraft. The squadron was reassigned to the 11th Bombardment Wing, on 3 December 1957. Redesignated as the 96th Air Refueling Squadron, Heavy, on 8 March 1958, the squadron converted that same year to the KC-135A. The 96th ARS was discontinued on 1 October 1960. Organized on 15 December 1960, and assigned to 11th Bombardment (later, 11th Strategic Aerospace) Wing, at Altus AFB, OK, with the KC-135A as its aircraft, it was discontinued, and inactivated, on 25 June 1965.
Redesignated as the 96th Air Refueling Squadron, reactivated, on 1 April 1994 with KC-135Rs.

</doc>
<doc id="19482262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482262" title="José Fors">
José Fors

Biography.
He was born in Havana, Cuba. At the age of three he and his family moved to Miami, Florida where he started to take courses in painting. In 1967 his family moved to Mexico City, where he lived for the remainder of his childhood. Later on he moved again to Guadalajara where he has lived most of his life. In 1976 he studied anatomical drawing with Robert Martinez and started working with musical groups such as Mask or Lepra. In 1985 he developed an ambitious project with Carlos Esegé ("neé" Carlos Sanchez-Gutierrez) called Duda Mata. In 1990, along with Ignacio González (drums), Galileo Ochoa (guitar) and Carlos Avilez (bass), he founded Cuca, a grouping that interprets irreverent songs in rock and hard rock style. In 1994 he left Cuca to initiate a new project, Forseps. In 2004 Cuca returned to the stages and recorded a live record on 14 May 2004 and in 2005 returned to the studio to record the album “Con Pelotas”. Fors currently lives in Guadalajara.

</doc>
<doc id="19482270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482270" title="Gurdwara Guru ka Bagh">
Gurdwara Guru ka Bagh

About three kilometers east of Takht Sri Harmandir Sahib is where Guru Tegh Bahadur first alighted in a garden (bagh) belonging to Nawabs Rahim Bakhsh and Karim Bakhsh, nobles of Patna, and where the sangat of Patna along with the young Guru Gobind Singh came out to receive him back from his four-year-long odyssey. A shrine commemorative of the first meeting of Holy Father and son was established here. Its present building was constructed during the 1970s and 1980s. An old well still in use and a dried stump of the imli tree under which the sangat met Guru Tegh Bahadur still exist.

</doc>
<doc id="19482297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482297" title="Jean Kahwaji">
Jean Kahwaji

Jean Kahwaji is chief of the Lebanese Armed Forces.
Career.
Kahwaji joined the army in 1973, he was trained abroad especially in the USA and Italy. He also underwent anti-terrorism training in Germany in 2006, as well as in Italy. He headed the army's 12th Infantry Brigade since 2002.
On 30 August 2008, the Lebanese government appointed Brigadier-General Jean Kahwaji to be chief of the Lebanese Armed Forces, replacing Michel Suleiman, who in May became the country's president.
Personal life.
Kahwaji is married to Marlene Sfeir and they together have three children, Jad, Joanna and Joe. He is a Maronite Christian.

</doc>
<doc id="19482298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482298" title="Lydia's Professional Uniforms and AACN Nursing Scholarship">
Lydia's Professional Uniforms and AACN Nursing Scholarship

The Lydia’s Professional Uniforms/AACN Excellence in Academics Nursing Scholarship is an award that acknowledges the important role nurses play in the health care system. It was developed based on a commitment to improving access to baccalaureate nursing education programs.
History.
In fall 2006, a company called Lydia’s Professional Uniforms, and the American Association of Colleges of Nursing (AACN), collaborated to form a new scholarship program for nurses enrolled in baccalaureate programs. Lydia’s Professional Uniforms is a leading retailer of medical uniforms, nursing scrubs and medical supplies for health professionals. The AACN is an organization that, “serves the public interest by providing standards and resources, and by fostering innovation to advance professional nursing education, research, and practice." Since the collaboration between the AACN and Lydia’s Uniforms, scholarships have been awarded to two deserving students each fall and spring semester.
About the award.
The Lydia’s Professional Uniforms/AACN Excellence in Academics Nursing Scholarship is awarded to two recipients each fall and spring semester in the form of $2500 per winner. The deadline to apply for the scholarship is August 1 for fall and November 1 for spring. In order to qualify for entry the students must fill out the application form, have a minimum G.P.A. of 3.5 and write and submit a 250 word essay detailing their career goals and financial needs. Applications for the scholarship can be found at the Lydia's Uniforms' and AACN's websites.
Judging process.
Each semester, around 300 applications are received. The applications for the scholarship are carefully reviewed by the AACN and narrowed down to a group of finalists; the qualifications of the applicants are then checked. After deciding on a concrete group of finalists, the entries are sent on to Lydia’s Uniforms where a panel of judges chooses a winner. Winners are chosen based on the information provided in their essay.

</doc>
<doc id="19482308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482308" title="Samsung GT-i8510">
Samsung GT-i8510

The Samsung GT-i8510 (also referred to as just the i8510 or the INNOV8) is a smartphone produced by Samsung. The i8510's functions include those of a camera phone and portable media player. In addition to offering e-mail, web browsing, local Wi-Fi connectivity and text messaging, the i8510 uses Symbian OS v9.3, S60 3rd Edition platform with Feature Pack 2. The phone is available with either 8 GB or 16 GB internal memory and both feature a MicroSDHC memory card slot with support for cards up to 32 GB.
Features.
The Samsung GT-i8510 has an 8-megapixel camera, Dual LED, Schneider-Kreuznach optics, 9x digital zoom, image stabilization, auto-panorama shot, face, smile and blink detection, VGA at 30 frame/s and QVGA at 120 frame/s (used for slow-motion video playback) video recording.

</doc>
<doc id="19482347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482347" title="Mid-Ulster District Council">
Mid-Ulster District Council

Mid-Ulster District Council is a local authority that will be formally established on 1 April 2015. it will replace Cookstown District Council, Dungannon and South Tyrone Borough Council and Magherafelt District Council. The first elections to the authority will be on 22 May 2014 and it will act as a shadow authority, prior to the creation of the Mid-Ulster district on 1 April 2015.
The electoral areas will be Carntogher, Clogher Valley, Cookstown, Dungannon, Magherafelt, Moyola and Torrent.

</doc>
<doc id="19482350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482350" title="International Translation Day">
International Translation Day

International Translation Day is celebrated every year on 30 September on the feast of St. Jerome, the Bible translator who is considered the patron saint of translators. The celebrations have been promoted by FIT (the International Federation of Translators) ever since it was set up in 1953. In 1991 FIT launched the idea of an officially recognised International Translation Day to show solidarity of the worldwide translation community in an effort to promote the translation profession in different countries (not necessarily only in Christian ones). This is an opportunity to display pride in a profession that is becoming increasingly essential in the era of progressing globalisation. 

</doc>
<doc id="19482366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482366" title="Nevada Wolf Pack">
Nevada Wolf Pack

The Nevada Wolf Pack are the collegiate athletic teams that represent the University of Nevada, Reno, consisting of 16 varsity teams. Though often known as UNR within the state, the university is simply called Nevada for athletics purposes; its sports teams are nicknamed the Wolf Pack (always two words). They participate in the NCAA's Division I (FBS for football) and in the Mountain West Conference.
Nevada's athletic teams were originally known as the Sagebrushers, named after Nevada's state flower. In the 1921-1922 school year, a local writer described the school's athletic teams as a "pack of wolves." That name stuck and by 1923, the student body designated "Wolves" as the school's mascot.
Conference affiliation history.
From 1925-39 and again from 1954-68, Nevada was a member of what closed down as the Northern California Athletic Conference. In 1969, Nevada joined the West Coast Conference, but remained independent in football.
Eventually, this arrangement proved unsatisfactory for Nevada, who by 1975 was the only public school left in the WCC. At the same time, Gonzaga, a charter but non-football member of the Big Sky Conference, was facing pressure from the conference to either leave or add football (which they had dropped in 1941), as they were the only non-football member of the conference (and only private school as well).
A deal was then worked out in which Gonzaga and Nevada would swap conference affiliations in 1979. Gonzaga joined the WCC where it remains to this day, while Nevada moved to the Big Sky. Both new affiliations were the best institutional fits at the time.
By the early 1990s, Nevada had become one of the better football teams in what is now the Football Championship Subdivision of NCAA Division I, advancing to the title game in 1990. Nevada decided to upgrade to FBS in 1992, which required them to leave the Big Sky, which did not accept non-football members at the time (this will change in 2014). Nevada found a home in the Big West Conference, where in-state rival UNLV had been playing since 1982 (they would leave in 1996).
By the late 1990s, the football side of Big West had been unstable due to membership changes, so in 2000, Nevada joined the Western Athletic Conference, where they would remain for 12 years. The WAC itself became unstable in the early 2010s, with the first move being by Boise State, who moved to the Mountain West Conference starting in 2011. This influenced Nevada to move there as well, starting in 2012. As a result of that move, Nevada once again was conference rivals with UNLV (who formed the MWC with 7 other former WAC schools in 1999).
Sports.
Nevada fields 16 varsity sports teams; 6 men's and 10 women's:
Baseball.
The baseball team plays at William Peccole Park and has made four appearances in the NCAA regionals, in 1994, 1997, 1999 and 2000. They have compiled a record of 5-8 in NCAA games, losing to Stanford in the finals of the Palo Alto Regional in 1999. Nevada finished the 1994 season ranked 19th in the country.
Men's basketball.
The Nevada Men's Basketball program first began in 1913. The program has won 19 conference championships and made six appearances in the NCAA tournament. The team's current coach is Dave Carter.
The men's basketball program has experience some success in recent years. In 2004, the Wolf Pack men's basketball team qualified for the NCAA tournament and advanced to the Sweet Sixteen for the first time in school history, where they fell to Georgia Tech. The team earned a repeat trip in 2005 and beat Texas in the first round before falling to eventual national runner-up Illinois. The team returned for 2006 as a #5 seed but was upset in the first round by former Big Sky Conference rival Montana. They began the 2006-07 season ranked #24. The Pack's major star during this recent period of success was Nick Fazekas. In 2007, Nevada was ranked #9 in men's basketball, which is the highest ranking that Nevada has ever held. Guards Ramon Sessions and Marcellus Kemp both flirted with leaving as juniors for the NBA draft, however Kemp decided to remain at Nevada while Sessions was drafted 56th overall in the 2007 NBA Draft.
Football.
Nevada's current head coach is Brian Polian, who succeeded the retiring Chris Ault after the 2012 season. Ault, who in 2012 was one of two active coaches who were enshrined in the College Football Hall of Fame as coaches (the other was John Gagliardi, who also retired after the 2012 season), spent a total of 28 seasons as head coach in three separate stints. Ault is credited with the creation of the Pistol Offense which he implemented at Nevada in 2005. Ault was also one of four Football Bowl Subdivision coaches active in 2012 with 200 career wins.
The football team plays home games at Mackay Stadium. The modern Mackay Stadium replaced its predecessor and was completed in 1966 with a seating capacity of 7,500. The facility has been expanded several times in its history and now seats 30,000.
The 2010 season saw Nevada at its best finishing the season ranked No. 11 in the AP and No. 13 in the BCS. The Pack celebrated their 500th win in school history with a 52-6 win over New Mexico State on November 20, 2010, at Mackay Stadium. On November 26, 2010, the Nevada Wolf Pack upset Boise State in a historic win at Mackay Stadium. In one round of overtime and 2 missed field goals by the Broncos, one at the end of regulation and one in overtime, Nevada Wolf Pack freshman kicker Anthony Martinez kicked a field goal to put Nevada on top for a final of 34-31. The Wolf Pack's win ended Boise State's 24-game winning streak, then the longest winning streak in the nation. It was also the Wolf Pack's first victory against Boise State after losing 10 straight to the Broncos.
Rifle.
Other notable successes have come in rifle shooting. The Nevada rifle team placed second in the 2004 NCAA Rifle team championship, losing to national champion Alaska Fairbanks. As of 2009, the rifle team has been to eight consecutive NCAA championships.
In June, 2013, the Wolf Pack became a charter member of the Patriot Rifle Conference.
Women's soccer.
The Nevada women's soccer team won its first WAC tournament title in 2006 and qualified for its first NCAA tournament since the program's inception in 2000. Nevada faced Fresno State in the championship match and, after 110 minutes of scoreless play, the two teams went into a shootout where Nevada prevailed 4-2 in penalty kicks.
The single home-game attendance record for the women's soccer team is 1,050 fans, as the Wolf Pack beat the Sacramento State Hornets 3-2 at the Moana Sports Complex in Reno on September 15, 2013. The home-game attendance record at Mackay Stadium for the team is 1,007 fans on September 23, 2012, when the Wolf Pack lost 0-3 to the California Golden Bears.
Softball.
Since the program was reinstated in 2003, the softball team has qualified for the NCAA tournament three times (2006, 2008, 2009) and has compiled a record of 3-6 in tournament play. In 2006, Nevada won its first WAC tournament title as Jordan McPherson pitched all 41 innings for Nevada in the WAC tournament, without giving up a single earned run, while striking out 34 on the way to being named tournament MVP.
The 2008 team finished the season ranked in both national Top 25 polls.The Wolf Pack was ranked No. 21 in the USA Today/NFCA Division I Top 25 Poll and was No. 20 in the ESPN.com/USA Softball Collegiate Top 25. Nevada went 44-18 and won the Western Athletic Conference regular season title. That season, Noelle Micka became the first Nevada softball player to earn second team All American and Vanessa Briones was named WAC Player of the Year. She was the first Wolf Pack player to earn the honor. The Wolf Pack received an at-large bid to the NCAA Regionals and advanced to the championship game of the Los Angeles Regional, where they lost 6-4 to UCLA.
Women's swimming and diving.
The swimming and diving team won the AIAW-Division II national title in 1979 and has won 8 conference championships since 1996. They won the Big West championship five years in a row from 1996 to 2000, and won the WAC title in 2007, 2008, and 2009.
Women's volleyball.
The volleyball team has qualified for the NCAA tournament five times in its history, all coming from at-large selections. (1998, 2001, 2002, 2004, 2005).
Mascots.
The Wolf Pack's mascots are anthropomorphized wolves named Alphie and Wolfie Jr. Alphie took over the duties of cheering from his uncle, Wolfie, in 1999. In 2007, Alphie was joined by his younger brother, Wolfie Jr. As of late August/early September 2013, they announced that there would be a girl mascot named Luna. To this day, they're one of the few universities that have more than one.

</doc>
<doc id="19482368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482368" title="MTV Netherlands">
MTV Netherlands

MTV Netherlands is a television channel broadcasting to the Dutch speaking markets in the Netherlands and Flanders. It started in September 2000. Before the start of country-specific channels, the Netherlands viewed the pan-European MTV - MTV Europe.
The channel is broadcast from the MTV Networks Benelux headquarters in Amsterdam.
History.
MTV began its services in Europe on August 1, 1987. Under the name of MTV Europe. At the end of the 90s MTV Europe began to regionalize its MTV feeds. In September 2000 the localized MTV Netherlands started.
On May 14, 2009 MTV launched its first HD channel in the Netherlands. MTVN HD started on the CAIW cable network and on CanalDigitaal satellite TV. In 2010 followed by the larger cable network UPC Netherlands (May 3). The N stood for Nickelodeon. The channel combined the programs of MTV and Nickelodeon.
On July 1, 2011 MTVN HD changed into MTV Live HD, dropping the programs of Nickelodeon due to the fact that in many European countries a separate HD-simulcast of Nickelodeon began. In September of that same year Ziggo added MTV Live HD to its line-up.
In Spring of 2012 MTV introduced HD-simulcasts of MTV NL and Comedy Central. On April 3 MTV HD started at UPC Netherlands replacing MTV Live HD. In September 2012 KPN followed.
International Shows.
and more...

</doc>
<doc id="19482383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482383" title="Pope Villa">
Pope Villa

The Pope Villa in Lexington, Kentucky, USA, was designed by Benjamin Henry Latrobe in 1811 for Senator John Pope. It is one of only three extant Latrobe residences in the United States. As one of Latrobe's most avant-garde designs, the Pope Villa has national significance for its architect and unique design.
Purchased in 1987 by the Blue Grass Trust for Historic Preservation, the Pope Villa is now being restored to reflect its 1811 original construction appearance.

</doc>
<doc id="19482385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482385" title="Derry and Strabane District Council">
Derry and Strabane District Council

Derry and Strabane District Council is a local authority that will be formally established on 1 April 2015. It will replace Derry City Council and Strabane District Council. The first elections to the authority will be on 22 May 2014 and it will act as a shadow authority, prior to the creation of the Derry and Strabane district on 1 April 2015.
The electoral areas will Ballyarnett, Derg, Faughan, Foyleside, Sperrin, The Moor and Waterside.

</doc>
<doc id="19482387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482387" title="2008 Asian Men's Cup Volleyball Championship">
2008 Asian Men's Cup Volleyball Championship

The 2008 Asian Men's Cup Volleyball Championship was the first men's volleyball tournament of its kind, played by top eight teams of the 2007 Asian Men's Volleyball Championship from September 20 to September 26, 2008. Tournament was staged in MCC Hall Convention Center The Mall Nakhon Ratchasima Shopping Mall, Thailand.
Pools composition.
The teams are seeded based on their final ranking at the 2007 Asian Men's Volleyball Championship.
Final standing.
<br>
Team Roster
Mojtaba Attar, Saeid Marouf, Javad Mohammadinejad, Arash Keshavarzi, Hamzeh Zarini, Mohammad Mohammadkazem, Alireza Nadi, Ahsanollah Shirkavand, Mansour Zadvan, Farhad Nazari Afshar, Mehdi Mahdavi, Mohammad Mousavi
Head Coach: Hossein Maadani

</doc>
<doc id="19482405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482405" title="Catalonia national rugby league team">
Catalonia national rugby league team

The Catalonia national rugby league team represents Catalonia in the sport of rugby league football, running under the auspices of the Associació Catalana de Rugby Lliga.
History.
Rugby league started in Catalonia in autumn 2007, with the advice of people from the French Catalan region, where this sport has been played since the 1930s.
The number of clubs has been growing since 3 clubs participated in the first competition in southern Catalonia in 2008 (FC Barcelona, Aligots Girona and Nord-Català), to reach 9 teams in the first Catalonia Championships in April 2009: CR Tarragona, CR Valls, CR Sant Cugat, INEF Lleida, GEiEG, Poble Nou Enginyers, BUC, RC Garrotxa and Vic Crancs. Also, the first Rugby League Catalan University Championship was played in February 2009, with 9 teams in competition.
Catalonia is an unranked member of the Rugby League European Federation, however, though their participation in some international rugby league competitions, such as the Rugby League World Cup, is open to question, since Catalonia is not a sovereign nation, but an autonomous community of Spain. There is, however, a history of non-sovereign nations taking part: the teams from the British Isles in previous world cups have either been a joint Great Britain and Ireland team, or separate teams representing England, Scotland, Wales and Ireland, and a New Zealand Māori team has also participated in a World Cup.
First matches of Catalonia were in January 2008, when they participated in the French Interleague Championship held near Perpignan, in France. In June of the same year, Morocco beat Catalonia in a match played in Perpignan, 62–12.
In June 2009, Catalonia beat the Czech Republic in a match played prior to the Catalans Dragons vs Warrington Wolves Super League game. This match was an international warm-up ahead of the Euro Med Challenge contested by Catalonia, Morocco and Belgium. They lost 6–29 at home to Morocco, and 28–22 at Belgium.
In 2010 Catalonia played only friendlies, with a win over Czech Republic 16–66 in Prague.

</doc>
<doc id="19482411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482411" title="Blue/Orange (film)">
Blue/Orange (film)

Blue/Orange is a 2005 television film by English dramatist, Joe Penhall adapted from his play of the same title. This sardonically comic film that touches on race, mental illness, and 21st century British life, was directed by Howard Davies for BBC Four, starring Brian Cox, John Simm, and Shaun Parkes.

</doc>
<doc id="19482421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482421" title="Plateau Valley (Utah)">
Plateau Valley (Utah)

Plateau Valley () is a valley in Sevier County, Utah, roughly 15 miles southeast of Richfield. It is located immediately north of Grass Valley, and is bounded on the west by Mormon Mountain and on the east by Boobe Hole Mountain. Koosharem Reservoir is located in the southern part of the valley. SR-24 runs north-to-south through the valley.

</doc>
<doc id="19482426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482426" title="Fermanagh and Omagh District Council">
Fermanagh and Omagh District Council

Fermanagh and Omagh District Council is a local authority that will be formally established on 1 April 2015. It replaces Fermanagh District Council and Omagh District Council. The first elections to the authority will be on 22 May 2014 and it will act as a shadow authority, prior to the creation of the Fermanagh and Omagh district on 1 April 2015.
The electoral areas will be Enniskillen, Erne East, Erne North, Erne West, Mid Tyrone, Omagh and West Tyrone.

</doc>
<doc id="19482429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482429" title="Ben Hur (automobile)">
Ben Hur (automobile)

The Ben-Hur Motor Company was incorporated 1916 in the state of Delaware, with the cars being built by L. L. Allen in Willoughby, Ohio.
Prices.
Ben-Hur exhibited a cloverleaf roadster at the 1917 New York Auto Show. In February 1918 Allen announced that between 30 and 40 cars had been shipped to dealers, and that plans called for five to ten cars a week for the time being, owing to the difficulty in securing bodies. The company had a factory with a capacity of building 20 cars per day. A meeting was scheduled in March to increase capitalisation, but by May 1918 the company was in receivership.

</doc>
<doc id="19482431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482431" title="Piero Ferrucci">
Piero Ferrucci

Piero Ferrucci is a psychotherapist and a philosopher. He graduated from the University of Torino in 1970. He was trained by Roberto Assagioli, the founder of psychosynthesis, and has written several books:
WHAT MAY BE: The Vision and Techniques of Psychosynthesis (1982, ISBN 978-0-87477-192-3) is a comprehensive description of this approach, with exercises and practical tips.
INEVITABLE GRACE (1990, ISBN 978-0-87477-550-1) is the result of a nine year research in the lives of hundreds of creative and enlightened people of all times and cultures. It describes their peak experiences and highest moments, as well as how they achieved their breakthroughs.
WHAT OUR CHILDREN TEACH US (1997, ISBN 978-88-04-43223-4) is about what we can learn from babies and children as parents, relatives or educators, and how we can grow by being around them.
THE POWER OF KINDNESS (2007, ISBN 978-1-58542-588-4) is a view of kindness from the perspective of eighteen different qualities, such as gratitude, warmth, generosity, etc. With a foreword of H.H. the Dalai Lama.
BEAUTY AND THE SOUL (2010, ISBN 978-1-58542-833-5) is about how the experience of beauty can change our life.
YOUR INNER WILL (2014, ISBN 978-0-399-17184-0) provides concrete, meaningful lessons in developing internal willpower during times of person crisis.
Ferrucci also co-authored "The Child of Your Dreams" (1992, ISBN 978-0-89281-365-0) with Laura Huxley, and edited "The Human Situation" (1977, ISBN 978-0-06-012091-7), a book of lectures by Aldous Huxley.
Piero Ferrucci has a had psychotherapy practice for the past thirty-five years and teaches in several European countries.
Ferrucci is the nephew of Aldous Huxley and Laura Huxley. He has a wife and two sons, who live with him in Florence.

</doc>
<doc id="19482448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482448" title="Didier Gigon">
Didier Gigon

Didier Gigon (born 10 March 1968 in Biel/Bienne) is a Swiss former footballer who played as a midfielder during the 1980s 1990's and early 2000s.
Gigon started playing professionally with his local side FC Biel-Bienne in 1986 before moving to Neuchâtel Xamax in 1988. In 1991, he signed for Lausanne Sports then moved on to FC Basel in 1993. Two years later, he returned to Neuchâtel Xamax
where he played for three seasons. During the 1998/99 season he played for Sing Tao of Hong Kong and Portugal's F.C. Alverca
but failed to adapt in both countries and returned to Switzerland late in the season to play for Neuchâtel Xamax for a third time. Etoile Carouge signed him in 2000 and he retired in the summer of 2001.
He earned one cap for the Swiss national team in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="19482450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482450" title="Organizacion Corona">
Organizacion Corona

Organizacion Corona was founded in 1881, making it one of the oldest business entities in Colombia. It is one of the largest conglomerate based in the South American country. The company manufactures ceramics for the home improvement market and is divided into six business units. It has operations in Colombia, Panama, Mexico, the United States and China and export to more than 20 countries throughout the world.
Organización Corona es una multinacional colombiana con más de 130 años de historia empresarial. Es líder en el sector de la remodelación y la construcción en Colombia y un sólido competidor en otros países.
La historia de Organización Corona comienza en 1881, cuando cerca al Valle de Aburrá, en un pequeño pueblo llamado Caldas, Victoriano Restrepo y su hijo fundaron la Compañía Cerámica Antioqueña dedicada a la producción de cerámicas y vidrios. Entonces contaba con apenas doce obreros y hornos artesanales. Hoy por hoy Corona es una de las más grandes y pujantes empresas del país.
1881 Los primeros 50 años de la empresa no fueron fáciles. Afrontó dificultades económicas y técnicas, no contaba con las mejores materias primas ni electricidad. En éste periodo estuvo en manos de tres grupos de dueños distintos y cambió de razón social dos veces, Fábrica de Lozas Caldas (1906) y Locería Colombiana (1931)
En 1935 Locería Colombiana empezó a crecer y consolidarse.
En 1940 mejoró sus técnicas de producción con la asesoría de expertos europeos. En 1948 empezó un proceso de expansión creando lo que hoy es Organización Corona.
En los años 50 impulsó el popular Bazar Americano para exhibir y vender sus productos, también se llevó a cabo la primera convención de dirigentes Organización Corona en Santa Marta. 
En 1960 se creo Mancesa dedicada a la producción de sanitarios, en 1963 surgió grifos y válvulas Grival. En 1969 la compañía dio inicio a sus exportaciones, Estados Unidos, Puerto Rico y República Dominicana. 
En 1970 Organización Corona incorpora azulejos en modernizó sus fabricas y construyo en Sopó, convirtiéndose en la planta más moderna para producción de revestimiento en cerámica de pisos y paredes a nivel Latino américa.
En 1994 en sociedad con la empresa chilena Sodimac se puso en marcha la cadena Homecenter. Posteriormente se desarrollaron los formatos de Hipercentro cerámico, Tiendas cerámicas y Salas Corona. 
A finales de los 90 (1998) la empresa fue consolidada como líder en el mercado. En 2001 creo Lomesa dedicado a la distribución de vajillas en México, en 2002 nació en Estados Unidos Orchid Ceramics dedicados al revestimiento en cerámica, en 2003 abrió Mancesa Inc y en 2004 adquirió Mansfield, productora y comercializadora de sanitarios en Estados Unidos. 
En 2006, en su cumpleaños 125 la empresa abrió oficinas en China. Hoy exporta a más de 40 países.
En el año 2011 continuando con su plan de expansión, Corona selló dos alianzas estratégicas, la primera con Eternit Brasil y la segunda con la compañía norteamericana Lanco.
Corona cuenta con oficinas, almacenes y plantas de manufactura en Colombia, Estados Unidos, México y China.
Y los países destinos de exportación son Alemania, Antillas Holandesas, Arabia Saudita, Argentina, Bahamas, Barbados, Belice, Bolivia, Brasil, Chile, Canadá, Corea, Costa Rica, Cuba, Curazao, Ecuador, El Salvador, España, Filipinas, Finlandia, Guatemala, Haití, Holanda, Honduras, Hungría, Inglaterra, Italia, Jamaica, Nueva Zelanda, Panamá, Paraguay, Perú, Puerto Rico, República Dominicana, Suriname, Trinidad y Tobago, Uruguay y Venezuela. 
El Sistema de Gobierno Corporativo CORONA es el conjunto de normas, prácticas y políticas que guiadas por nuestros principios éticos, valores y cultura corporativa regulan la actuación de Organización Corona S.A., sus filiales y subsidiarias, sus correspondientes órganos de administración y control y sus colaboradores frente a sus distintos grupos de interés.
Ética y valores:
El compromiso de Corona con la honestidad y la integridad, es legado de nuestros accionistas que ha definido quiénes somos como compañía. Nuestro Código de Ética parte del histórico compromiso de Corona con la honestidad y la integridad y define quiénes somos como compañía y cómo nos relacionamos entre nosotros, con nuestros proveedores y clientes.
Nuestros valores expresan la cultura que vivimos, el carácter de nuestra compañía y la forma en que nos comportamos.
La organización Corona tiene un grupo estándar de valores que están alineados con los valores de la Familia y son promovidos a través de todas las compañías de la Organización. "Seamos Corona" es usada para promover valores corporativos. Es una invitación a los empleados de Corona a convertirse en mejores individuos mientras se promueve el sentido de unidad.
Seamos pasión por el servicio a nuestros clientes
Creemos que la satisfacción de nuestros clientes es nuestra razón de ser. Indagamos y entendemos sus necesidades, nos apasiona agotar alternativas para satisfacerlas con respuestas oportunas, expertas y amables. Logramos con nuestra gestión anticiparnos a sus necesidades y satisfacer sus expectativas a través de nuestros productos y servicios.
Seamos innovadores"'
Creemos que todo puede hacerse mejor y que la innovación es esencial para lograr el éxito. Por esto siempre buscamos identificar el resultado de nuestras acciones, para mejorarlas. Identificamos y llevamos a la practica nuevas idea. Nos interesa siempre, encontrar la mejor forma de hacer las cosas. Buscamos soluciones novedosas, creativas y personalizadas que agreguen valor a nuestros clientes.
Seamos cada vez mejores
Creemos en el mejoramiento permanente y nos inspiran altos estándares de excelencia. Buscamos hacer nuestro trabajo teniendo como referente practicas de categoría mundial. Trabajamos con altos niveles de compromiso y somos perseverantes; Buscamos la excelencia en cada paso de nuestro trabajo.
Seamos personas íntegras
Creemos en la coherencia entre el pensar, el sentir y el actuar. Nos caracteriza la honestidad, la ética y el cumplimiento estricto de la ley y los compromisos en todas las actuaciones. Obramos de acuerdo a lo que decimos y defendemos por encima de todo los valores en que creemos. Nuestro comportamientos genera confianza en todos nuestros públicos.
Seamos ejemplo de respeto por los demás y compromiso por su desarrollo.
Creemos en el talento humano en su diversidad y potencial de desarrollo. La calidez, la sencillez y el trato respetuoso son la manera de relacionarnos en CORONA. Valoramos el desarrollo de todos en el ámbito personal y profesional y orientamos el trabajo diario como fuente de aprendizaje, de crecimiento y de proyección de las personas. Reconocemos sus realizaciones y nos ocupamos por aportar a un ambiente de trabajo amable, informal, con equipos conformados por personas motivadas y con capacidad para lograr un excelente desempeño.
Seamos austeros y sencillos
Creemos en la austeridad y la sencillez. Por esto actuamos sin ostentación, con sentido práctico y discreción en nuestra forma de trabajar, de relacionarnos y de mostrar lo que hacemos, Invertimos lo esencial para el desarrollo actual y futuro de nuestros negocios, empleando los recursos estrictamente necesarios.
Seamos responsables con nuestra sociedad
Creemos que somos responsables frente a la sociedad en la que participamos y contribuimos a su transformación.
Nos destacamos por participar activamente en su desarrollo , en la protección del medio ambiente y los recursos naturales, iniciando con nuestros colaboradores y sus familias, nuestros clientes y proveedores y las comunidades donde operamos. Somos solidarios y avanzamos en acciones concretas que evidencian nuestro compromiso con el mejoramiento, la sostenibilidad, el desarrollo y el cambio.
Misión y Visión Organización Corona
Misión
Facilitamos soluciones y enriquecemos los espacios para vivir mejor.
Visión
· Ser una organización ágil con un enfoque comercial total.
· Consolidar nuestras operaciones en Colombia, transformando la Organización 
Corona en líder indiscutible y rentable en el mejoramiento del hogar y materiales 
de construcción (acabados) en Colombia a través de la estrategia de expansión de 
las unidades de Retail y del desarrollo de nuevos productos y plataformas desde 
manufactura.
· Expandir nuestra presencia a otros países especialmente con aliados, de manera 
que nos permita fortalecer las operaciones actuales y replicar nuestro éxito en 
Colombia.
· Haber posicionado la marca Corona bajo el concepto de laTriple Cuenta.
· Haber fortalecido el desarrollo, liderazgo y bienestar de nuestra gente.
· Haber definido e implementado algún mecanismo de financiamiento externo.
Perfil Corporativo
Corona está compuesta por seis unidades estratégicas de negocio dedicadas a la manufactura y comercialización de productos para el hogar y la construcción.
Corona cuenta con 17 plantas de manufactura en Colombia y 2 en los Estados Unidos.
Así como con una oficina de suministros globales en China y una comercializadora en México. Genera más de 12.000 empleos. Exporta sus productos a diversos mercados alrededor del mundo, incluyendo Estados Unidos, Canadá, México, Brasil, Chile, Venezuela, Centro América, el Caribe, Italia, España y el Reino Unido.
Corona es líder en el sector de la remodelación y la construcción en Colombia y un sólido competidor en otros países.
Todas las operaciones internas y externas de Corona están sustentadas en un Código de Ética que recoge los valores de la compañía y busca promover prácticas empresariales transparentes.
Corona está comprometida con el desarrollo sostenible de la sociedad y el planeta desde la perspectiva de la triple cuenta de resultados, es decir, en términos sociales, económicos y ambientales.
Las acciones que realiza en el presente buscan garantizar a las futuras generaciones la satisfacción de sus necesidades. Desarrolla proyectos en donde aprovechando sus fortalezas de negocio genera valor compartido para sus grupos de interés.
Unidades de Negocio de Manufactura
Corona Colcerámica
Está dedicada a la fabricación y comercialización de productos que conforman soluciones integrales para Baños, Cocinas y Revestimientos para hogares, oficinas, establecimientos comerciales e institucionales.
Colcerámica opera ocho plantas de producción ubicadas en los departamentos de Cundinamarca y Antioquia en Colombia y dos en Estados Unidos que cuentan con tecnología de punta y cumplen con los más altos estándares de calidad para ofrecer a sus clientes y consumidores los mejores productos con el respaldo de las marcas CORONA y GRIVAL. Ofrece una gran variedad de productos que incluyen aparatos sanitarios, lavamanos, accesorios, asientos sanitarios, griferías, duchas, herrajes, muebles, elementos de plomería, pisos, paredes, porcelanatos y decorados.
La calidad certificada, la innovación y los precios asequibles de su portafolio de productos le permiten ser una de las empresas más grandes de América en la industria de acabados para la construcción. Es líder en el mercado colombiano y tiene posiciones importantes en los mercados Estados Unidos, México, Brasil, Ecuador, Chile, y Venezuela, entre otros.
Corona Insumos, Materiales y Pinturas
Esta unidad de negocios cuenta con dos divisiones: Insumos Industriales y Materiales y Pinturas. Insumos Industriales Corona: dedicada a la producción de insumos y materias primas principalmente para las industrias cerámica, de vidrio y pintura. Es una fuente de competitividad para sus clientes, ofreciendo un suministro de insumos y minerales estable y de un alto nivel de desempeño. 
Materiales y Pinturas Corona: está dedicada a la producción y comercialización de productos que constituyan soluciones integrales para cuatro sistemas constructivos: instalación de revestimientos en pisos y paredes (pegantes, boquillas, limpiadores, herramientas de instalación e impermeabilizantes), acabados (estucos, yesos, pinturas, acabados texturizados), Drywall (masillas para juntas entre paneles y masillas para acabados, pinturas flexibles) y obra gris (morteros, aditivos para morteros, juntas y sellos e impermeabilizantes).
Corona ha desarrollado una novedosa línea de pinturas de altísima resistencia a la abrasión y sellado de la superficie que utiliza tecnología de Microesferas Cerámicas y además es de bajo olor, libre de amoniaco, solventes tóxicos, metales o plomo, cuidando la salud del pintor y de quienes habitan los espacios.
Materiales y Pinturas busca que sus productos sean los preferidos por los maestros y los constructores, ofreciéndoles asesoría y capacitación práctica en sus sitios de trabajo y soluciones que responden a sus necesidades.
Vajillas
Es una de las fabricantes más antiguas y reconocidas de locería de Colombia y Latinoamérica. Produce dos líneas de productos, una para el hogar con múltiples y variadas colecciones y otra institucional dirigida a atender el mercado de hoteles y restaurantes, además de productos exclusivos para terceros.
Los principales destinos de exportación de Vajillas Corona son Venezuela, Perú, México y Ecuador, además de Inglaterra y USA, mercados donde se comercializan productos con marcas mundialmente reconocidas.
Gamma Aisladores
Fabrica y comercializa aisladores para las empresas y distribuidores del sector de energía eléctrica.
Posee un amplio portafolio de productos especializados para este sector dentro del que se cuentan aisladores para distribución y transmisión, pasatapas para alta y baja tensión, porcelanas para seccionadores, pararrayos y cortacircuitos, entre otros.
Es el distribuidor para Colombia de la línea de productos para protección y maniobra de media y alta tensión de Hyundai.
Comercializa sus productos en Estados Unidos a través de Gamma Insulators y exporta a Estados Unidos, Canadá México, Venezuela, Ecuador, Perú, Brasil, Chile, Argentina, Bolivia, Panamá, Cuba, El Salvador, Guatemala República Dominicana, Belice, Filipinas y Corea del Sur.
Unidades de Negocio de Retail
Almacenes Corona
Comercializa soluciones para pisos, baños y cocinas, ofrece diseño asequible para todos los gustos, así como amplias opciones de financiación y de servicios relacionados con la transformación del hogar Almacenes Corona cuenta con tres formatos: Hipercentro Corona, que actualmente tiene trece (13) puntos de venta a nivel nacional, Tiendas Cerámicas Corona, que son almacenes de formato de precio bajo, de los cuales hay diecinueve (19) al servicio de los consumidores y Corona Centro de Inspiración que actualmente tiene seis (6) almacenes a nivel nacional.
Corona Centro de Inspiración, además de vender una muy amplia gama de productos Corona y de las mejores marcas nacionales e internacionales, se especializa en la ejecución de proyectos completos haciendo más simple la remodelación, aportando valor agregado a los consumidores, facilitando este proceso por medio de asesoría personalizada, diseño computarizado, alternativas de pago y financiación, entrega a domicilio, instalación y garantía.
Sodimac Colombia S.A.
Sodimac Colombia S.A. es una empresa colombo chilena con una participación accionaria de 51% de Organización Corona y 49% de Inversiones Falabella de Colombia S.A., cuyo inversionista es el Grupo Falabella de Chile. De la compañía hacen parte los formatos de negocio Homecenter y Constructor. Homecenter cuenta a nivel nacional con 23 almacenes y Constructor con 23, ubicados en 12 ciudades: Bogotá, Medellín, Cali, Barranquilla, Pereira, Ibagué, Cartagena, Villavicencio, Cúcuta, Bucaramanga, Montería y Neiva. Estas cadenas ofrecen todos los productos y servicios que necesitan los consumidores para llevar a cabo proyectos grandes y pequeños relacionados con el mejoramiento del hogar y la construcción.
Por otra parte, a través de Venta a Empresas proporciona a las empresas del país un completo surtido multimarcas, convirtiéndose en un aliado efectivo y estratégico para su negocio. Sodimac Colombia S.A. ofrece a sus clientes 700 categorías de productos y 21 familias que integran 5 departamentos: Jardín, Construcción, Ferretería, Acabados y Hogar. Lo anterior, le ha permitido a Homecenter convertirse en el líder en la categoría del mejoramiento del hogar y a Constructor en la única cadena en Colombia, dirigida a los profesionales de la construcción, con el más amplio y completo surtido de insumos y servicios en un mismo lugar, todo con el respaldo de la garantía de precios bajos siempre.
Unidades de Negocio de Servicio
Unidad de Servicios Compartidos
La Unidad de Servicios Compartidos fue creada en el 2007 para prestarle servicios de soporte a las Unidades de Negocios y de Servicios de Corona con el fin de que las unidades se focalicen en el core de su negocio generando sinergias y optimización en los procesos. Los servicios prestados incluyen administrativos, de gestión humana, financieros y de informática y telecomunicaciones.
Logística y transporte
Esta unidad de negocios cuenta con dos divisiones: Insumos Industriales y Materiales y Pinturas. Insumos Industriales Corona: dedicada a la producción de insumos y materias primas principalmente para las industrias cerámica, de vidrio y pintura. Es una fuente de competitividad para sus clientes, ofreciendo un suministro de insumos y minerales estable y de un alto nivel de desempeño. 
Logística & Transporte Corona es una Unidad de Servicios dedicada a la operación logística que presta servicios de transporte masivo y semimasivo a nivel nacional, transporte para entregas domiciliarias y servicios de almacenamiento y distribución y de order management en pedidos de importación y exportación.
Opera 14 centros de distribución con una superficie total de 130.000 m2, realiza operación de transporte de manera regular con un grupo de 700 transportadores terceros (propietarios de vehículos en su mayoría), 18 empresas de transporte y una flota propia de 52 vehículos.

</doc>
<doc id="19482456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482456" title="Vadim Rudenko">
Vadim Rudenko

Vadim Rudenko (born in Krasnodar, 1967) is a Russian pianist.
While still a student at the Moscow Conservatory, he was a finalist at the XII Queen Elisabeth Competition and the XII Paloma O'Shea Competition in 1992. After graduating he took part in the X International Tchaikovsky Competition in 1994; with first prize being declared void he was awarded the third prize, "ex-aequo" with Hae-Sun Paik, behind Nikolai Lugansky. Four years later, Rudenko attained the XI edition's second prize.
Rudenko has performed internationally since.

</doc>
<doc id="19482464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482464" title="The Stars from the Commitments">
The Stars from the Commitments

The Stars From The Commitments is an Irish tribute act based on the fictional band appearing in the 1991 Alan Parker film "The Commitments". The band was formed shortly after the release of the film, which itself was based on the Roddy Doyle novel of the same name. The band features two of the actors from the film.
"The Commitments" cast members Dick Massey (drummer Billy Mooney in the film) and Kenneth McCluskey (bassist Derek Scully in the film) are the founders of the spin off band. They have performed with acts such as BB King, Wilson Pickett, James Brown, Sam Moore and Ben E King.

</doc>
<doc id="19482481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482481" title="Centers, institutes, and facilities related to the University of Nevada, Reno">
Centers, institutes, and facilities related to the University of Nevada, Reno

There are several notable research and academic institutes, centers, and facilities associated with the University of Nevada, Reno

</doc>
<doc id="19482489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482489" title="Wholly Smoke">
Wholly Smoke

Wholly Smoke is a 1938 "Looney Tunes" cartoon starring Porky Pig and directed by Frank Tashlin. The run time is 7 minutes 14 seconds (6 minutes 56 seconds for the edited, redrawn version). This episode teaches about the dangers of smoking.
Plot.
The episode starts with a man at church ringing the bell to signal the beginning of the service. The scene shifts to the house of Porky Pig whose mother is calling to him to come downstairs. A younger Porky comes flying down the handrail of the stairs just stopping before crashing into a vase. His mother proceeds to give him a nickel for the collection plate at church including a disclaimer about not spending the money on candy. Porky reassures his mother and leaves. Along the way he runs into a bully standing alongside a wooden fence. The bully is practicing smoking tricks with a cigar when Porky arrives and chides him for smoking while underage. The bully then gets in Porky's face sarcastically accusing him of being a tough guy. After a few moments of arguing Porky offers a bet to prove he is not a wimp. The deal being the cigar for the nickel. Enticed by the proposition, the bully quickly gives up his cigar. Porky in turn tries to repeat the same set of tricks — with disastrous results.
Porky soon goes into a haze and stumbles into a smoke shop. An anthropomorphic cloud shrinks Porky in size and then introduces himself as someone all smokers were well acquainted with, "Nick O'Teen". Nick then offers Porky all the smoking he can handle, and suddenly, a wide variety of tobacco products and smoking devices come to life to force feed Porky everything from chewing tobacco to cigarettes, all set to the song "Little Boys Shouldn't Smoke". At the culmination of the nightmare Porky awakens and rushes to church. As he is sitting reading his hymnal the collection plate starts coming towards him when he starts to panic. He races out of the church and grabs the nickel from the bully. He thrusts the cigar into the bully's mouth as it promptly explodes. He hurries back to church just in time to give his offering and the cartoon ends with him promising never to smoke again.
Availability.
"Wholly Smoke" can be seen (uncensored, uncut, digitally remastered, and in its original black-and-white format) on the "" DVD set.

</doc>
<doc id="19482490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482490" title="Yukiya Amano">
Yukiya Amano

Early life.
Amano was born in Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan, in 1947. He started his studies at the University of Tokyo in 1968. After graduating from the Faculty of Law, he joined the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in April 1972. He specialized in the international disarmament issue and nuclear nonproliferation efforts. In 1973–1974, he studied at the University of Franche-Comté and in 1974–1975, at the University of Nice, France.
Career.
Japanese Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
Amano held different posts in the foreign ministry such as the Director of the Science Division and Director of the Nuclear Energy Division in 1993. As a member of the Diplomatic service, he was posted in the Embassies of Japan in Vientiane, Washington and Brussels, in the Delegation of Japan to the Conference on Disarmament in Geneva and was Consul General of Japan in Marseille.
In August 2002, he was appointed Director-General for Arms Control and Scientific Affairs, and in August 2004, he was appointed Director-General of the Disarmament, Nonproliferation and Science Department. In these positions, he was involved in international negotiations such as the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty extension, the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty, the Biological Weapons Convention verification protocol, amendment of the Convention on Certain Conventional Weapons and the International Code of Conduct against Ballistic Missile Proliferation. He represented Japan as a governmental expert on the UN Panel on Missiles in April 2001 and in the UN Expert Group on Disarmament and Nonproliferation Education in July 2001.
International Atomic Energy Agency.
In 2005, Amano served as the ambassador from Japan to the IAEA. From September 2005 to September 2006, Amano served as the Chairman of the IAEA Board of Governors. During this time, the IAEA and its Director General Mohamed ElBaradei received the Nobel Peace Prize. Amano represented the IAEA as the chairman at the Nobel Prize award ceremony held in December 2005.
In September 2008, the Japanese government announced that it had nominated Yukiya Amano to be the next Director General of the IAEA. On 2 July 2009, he was elected by the Board of Governors as Director General for the IAEA in the sixth round of voting. He defeated South African representative Abdul Samad Minty, his primary rival. On 3 July 2009 all 145 IAEA member states formally appointed Yukiya Amano "by acclamation".
On 1 December 2009, Amano began his first term as Director General of the International Atomic Energy Agency.
In November 2010, British newspaper "The Guardian" reported on a U.S. diplomatic cable originating a year earlier in Vienna and supplied to the newspaper by WikiLeaks, detailing a meeting between Amano and an American ambassador. The author of the cable summarized a statement by Amano in which the latter offered that he "was solidly in the U.S. court on every key strategic decision, from high-level personnel appointments to the handling of Iran's alleged nuclear weapons program." In March 2012, Amano was accused by several former senior IAEA officials of pro-western bias, over-reliance on unverified intelligence and of sidelining sceptics.
Views on nuclear proliferation.
In an interview mid-2009 with the Austrian newspaper "Die Presse", Yukiya Amano said he was "resolute in opposing the spread of nuclear arms because I am from a country that experienced Hiroshima and Nagasaki".
Views on nuclear power.
Yukiya Amano said, at the Center for Energy Sustainability and Economics' Nuclear Power Forum, "it is vital that concerns regarding safety and security are addressed. Safety and security are primarily the responsibility of each sovereign state. However, the IAEA has a strong role to play, because an accident or malicious act may have far-reaching and cross-border consequences." 
According to Amano, "(t)here has been a very significant improvement in the efficient and safe performance of the nuclear industry in the past two decades. This reflects factors including improved design, better operating procedures, a strengthened and more effective regulatory environment and the emergence of a strong safety culture. The IAEA promotes an integrated approach to nuclear safety, focusing on management systems, effective leadership and safety culture. It is important that countries´ safety and security infrastructures keep pace with developments in all areas of nuclear science and technology. We must never be complacent."
Official visit to the Philippines.
On 10 December 2010, at the opening session of the Nuclear Power Forum organised by Center for Energy Sustainability and Economics and Arc Media Global, Amano said that the IAEA has "provided assistance in strengthening the country´s capabilities in nuclear science and technology and energy planning" as well as "advice on developing a Human Resource Development Plan for Nuclear Energy." At the Forum, Amano said the Philippines "plays an important role at the global level, for example by chairing the Review Conference of the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons. The Philippines assumed presidency of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty Review Conference in May 2010, which discussed peaceful use of nuclear energy, non-proliferation, and disarmament of nations developing nuclear weapons. Amano also visited the Bataan Nuclear Power Plant on 11 December 2010, during the Forum's second day. According to the Philippine Department of Foreign Affairs, the IAEA can assess the possible rehabilitation of the plant. During Amano's official visit, he held meetings with Foreign Affairs Secretary Alberto Romulo, Science and Technology Secretary Mario Montejo and Energy Secretary Jose Rene Almendras. The Philippine government is also looking at expanding its cooperation with the IAEA in training health professionals in the use of cancer radiotherapy.
Involvement in nuclear emergency after Japanese earthquake and tsunami.
After the Fukushima I nuclear accidents on 11 March 2011, Amano held a meeting with Prime Minister Naoto Kan in Tokyo on 18 March. Amano, "who had just arrived from the agency’s headquarters ... said he would dispatch a team 'within days' to monitor radiation near the damaged plant." At the meeting, Amano said Kan "agreed on the necessity to disclose as much information as possible on the unfolding nuclear crisis in Fukushima. 'What’s important is coordination with international society and better transparency,' Mr. Amano told reporters before the meeting."
Personal.
Amano is married and speaks English, French and his native language, Japanese.

</doc>
<doc id="19482500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482500" title="Irina Kalinina">
Irina Kalinina

Irina Vladimirovna Kalinina (Ирина Владимировна Калинина; born February 8, 1959 in Penza) is a former Soviet diver and olympic champion. She competed at the 1980 Olympic Games in Moscow, where she won the gold medal in Women's 3 metre springboard.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19482507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482507" title="Jonathan Fisher (disambiguation)">
Jonathan Fisher (disambiguation)

Jonathan Fisher may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19482538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482538" title="Hortensio Fucil">
Hortensio Fucil

Hortensio Fucil Herrera (born February 8, 1939) is a retired track and field athlete from Venezuela. He competed in the short- and in the middle-distances. Fucil represented his native country at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, Japan. Padre de Roger Herrera.

</doc>
<doc id="19482554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482554" title="MTV Hungary">
MTV Hungary

MTV Hungary was a television channel broadcasting to Hungary. It started on October 1, 2007 and ceased broadcasting in January 2014. The channel is available on cable/digital television and hosts a number of localised programming and presenters.
According to RRTV Viacom International Media Networks handed back its licence to broadcast a Hungarian version of the channel. MTV Hungary has been replaced with MTV Europe since January 8, 2014. 
MTV Trademark Suit.
Magyar Televízió, Hungary's public broadcaster who has a trademark on the initials MTV, registered with the Hungarian copyright office, sued the American MTV (Music Television) network for trademark infringement when the Hungarian version of the music channel was launched in 2007. The suit is still ongoing.

</doc>
<doc id="19482559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482559" title="Keith K. Hilbig">
Keith K. Hilbig

Keith Karl Hilbig (born March 12, 1942) has been a general authority of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) since 2001. Prior to becoming a general authority, he was general counsel for the LDS Church in Europe.
Hilbig was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. His father, Karl Herbert Hilbig, was an immigrant from Zwickau, Germany who had joined the LDS Church before immigrating to the United States.
As a young man, Hilbig served as a missionary in the LDS Church's Central German Mission. He married Susan Rae Logie in the Salt Lake Temple in 1967 and they are the parents of six children. 
Hilbig holds a bachelor's degree in European history from Princeton University, where his Senior Thesis was titled "Constitutional Reform in the Holy Roman Empire 1495-1505: Prelude, Protagonists, Program." He later studied at Duke University School of Law, and also attended Brigham Young University for a semester after his mission. That is where he met his wife. Hilbig worked for a large law firm in the Los Angeles area of California and later had his own law practice.
In the LDS Church, Hilbig has been a bishop, stake president, seminary teacher, and a regional representative of the Twelve. From 1989 to 1992, he was the president of the church's Switzerland Zürich Mission. From 1995 to 2001, Hilbig was an area seventy. In April 2001, he became a general authority and a member of the Second Quorum of the Seventy. He was transferred to the First Quorum of the Seventy in April 2006. As a general authority, he has served in several area presidencies and as executive director of the church's Audiovisual Department.
During the church's October 2012 general conference, Hilbig was released from the First Quorum of the Seventy and designated an emeritus general authority.

</doc>
<doc id="19482562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482562" title="Dani's House">
Dani's House

"Dani's House" was a British children's sitcom series broadcast on CBBC and starring Dani Harmer. The first series premiered on 26 September 2008, and its fifth series concluded on 19 July 2012. It has received several awards and nominations from BAFTA Kids. A spin-off called "Dani's Castle" began airing in 2013.
Production.
In early 2008, the BBC announced a new 13-episode children’s sitcom that stars Dani Harmer from "The Story of Tracy Beaker" series. The first series was filmed in June and July 2008 entirely in Kent at a secret location near Maidstone. The series began airing on 26 September on CBBC. The popularity of the show resulted in the ordering of a second series, which was filmed in Edinburgh during the early summer of 2009, and was broadcast that fall. A third series was filmed in the summer of 2010 and aired from September to December of that year. Series 4 followed in 2011 with a similar broadcast schedule as the third series. The fifth and final series was filmed from November 2011 to February 2012 and aired from 26 April to 19 July.
Plot.
Dani is a teenage actress and singer who is regularly left in charge of her younger brother Max, his friend Ben, and their youngest sibling, "the baby from hell". She and her friends Toby and Sam spend most of their time at her house in a den hangout. As they go about their lives, they encounter some bizarre situations. Meanwhile, two space aliens known as Coordinators observe their actions. In series 2, Dani's family has moved to a new house. Toby has gone to medical school, and Dani becomes friends with Jack. The "baby from hell" is no longer referenced but is replaced by a "cat from hell", who also disappears in series 3.
In series 4, Dani gets a part in the soap opera "McHurties Hospital". Her friend Sam has been training to become an astronaut, and eventually leaves the cast to become a scientist and space-explorer for NASA. Ruby, Dani's enthusiastic personal trainer, joins the cast, as well as Maisy, her prank-pulling younger sister, the latter of whom becomes a foil for Max.
In series 5, Dani continues her career as an actress, while Jack works as a DJ, and Ruby continues as a personal trainer. Max pursues a career as a grime artist, and goes on a world tour. Their cousin Megaboyd teams up with Maisy and plays pranks on Dani and her friends. Ben tries to find some new hobbies.
Awards and nominations.
"Dani's House" has received multiple nominations from Children's BAFTA Awards .
Spin-off.
In July 2012, the CBBC commissioned Zodiak Kids to produce a new TV comedy series starring Harmer. In the spin-off, Dani inherits an old castle in Northern Ireland from her deceased Aunt Marjorie. The first series aired in January 2013, and the second series finished in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="19482564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482564" title="Aleksandr Portnov">
Aleksandr Portnov

Aleksandr Staliyevich Portnov (Александр Сталиевич Портнов; born September 17, 1961) is a former Soviet diver and Olympic champion. He competed at the 1980 Olympic Games in Moscow, where he received a gold medal in "springboard".

</doc>
<doc id="19482565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482565" title="Fiescherhorn (disambiguation)">
Fiescherhorn (disambiguation)

The Fiescherhorn is the name given to three mountains in the Bernese Alps range of the Swiss Alps. They are the

</doc>
<doc id="19482593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482593" title="Serge Clerc">
Serge Clerc

Serge Clerc (born 12 October 1957 in Roanne, Loire) is a French comic book artist and illustrator.
Serge Clerc began his professional career in 1975 in the monthly magazine "Métal Hurlant", after having created his own fanzine, "Absolutely Live". Initially a science-fiction artist, his story "Captain Futur" appeared in book form in 1979 by Les Humanoïdes Associés. 
In the early 1980s Clerc's work regularly appeared in the British music magazines "NME" and "Melody Maker". For the magazine "Rock and Folk", he created the detective Phil Perfect and his alter-ego Sam Bronx, a series that was also printed in Métal Hurlant and in books by Les Humanoïdes Associés.
His retro themed work has been used on music albums by Carmel ("The Drum is Everything") and Joe Jackson ("Big World") as well as a number of other albums and singles.

</doc>
<doc id="19482602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482602" title="Lollie Alexi Devereaux">
Lollie Alexi Devereaux

Lollie Alexi Devereaux (born October 31, 1981) is a Vancouver, BC based French actress, opera singer, dancer and writer best known for her work with L’Opéra de la Bastille (Bastille Opera) (Paris, France) and Royal Opera House (London, UK).
Biography.
Early life.
Lollie Devereaux was born in Villefranche-sur-Mer, France, where she lived until the age of five when family moved to Toronto, Ontario. Lollie is the daughter of Marguerite Devereaux (died 2005), a French cabaret artist and Alec Devereaux (who died before Lollie’s birth) a theatrical set design specialist. She has an older brother Thomas and younger sister Lila (ages unknown).
Career.
Lollie was classically trained in operatic voice, drama and ballet. She also attended the same private school as Ginger Snaps co-stars Katharine Isabelle and Emily Perkins. At the age of fifteen she returned to her native France and performed with the Opéra National de Paris in productions of L'enfant et les sortileges (“The Bewitched Child”), Manon and Pénélope. At Seventeen Lollie became one of the youngest performers to lecture at the Bibliothèque-Musée de l'Opéra National de Paris.
Lollie moved to Montreal, Quebec, Canada, where she attended the prestigious McGill University where she received graduate degrees in Materials Engineering and Literature by the age of twenty-three. Lollie currently lives in Vancouver, BC where she works as an acting & vocal coach.
Personal life.
Lollie became the adoptive mother of her younger sister Lila, after the death of their mother in 2005.
Lollie is good friends with actress Jaime Murray.

</doc>
<doc id="19482614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482614" title="Vladimir Vasin">
Vladimir Vasin

Vladimir Vasin (born 1947) is a former Soviet diver and Olympic champion. He competed at the 1972 Olympic Games in Munich, where he received a gold medal in "springboard".

</doc>
<doc id="19482633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482633" title="José Neira">
José Neira

José Gregorio Neira Carvajal (born January 13, 1939) is a retired track and field athlete from Colombia. He competed in the middle-distances, and represented his native country at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="19482638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482638" title="List of mayors of Odessa, Ukraine">
List of mayors of Odessa, Ukraine

Throughout Odessa Ukraine's history, the office of Novorossiya Governor and Odessa mayor was closely aligned and often was held by the same leader.

</doc>
<doc id="19482646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482646" title="Brentwood County High School">
Brentwood County High School

Brentwood County High School is a voluntary aided state-funded secondary school in Brentwood, Essex which specialises in the teaching of Science, Maths and Computing. The school receives support from, and is a member of the Brentwood Community Learning Trust and educates around 1400 students from North East London and South West Essex.
The School.
The school is on a single site consisting of grammar school buildings originally built in 1927. After the schools conversion from a girls' grammar school in 1978 a linking extension was added where science, art and design and technology are taught. Soon afterwards, a drama hall, sports hall, gymnasium, fitness suite and more classrooms were added where physical education and humanities are taught. A separate building was added where Mathematics is taught, there are also two drama studios where some drama lessons take place. The newest addition to the school is the library and two new classrooms which were added in 2009.
The school has a reasonably sized field where Rugby and other outdoor sports are taught and played competitively either through inter-school competitions or as part of a County sports league. The school also has an indoor swimming pool where swimming lessons and the annual swimming gala take place.
History.
In 1927, the school moved from Queen's Road, Brentwood to its current site at Seven Arches Road Brentwood. Extensions were added by 1937 to provide accommodation for 450 girls. During the grammar school era of the 1960s and early 1970s, it was the female counterpart of Brentwood School, which was a boys' direct grant grammar school at that time. 
The school celebrated its Golden Jubilee in 1963 and then in 1965 plans were laid to convert it from a girls' grammar school into a co-educational school which, after extensive building works, happened in September 1978.
In 2013, the school celebrated its centenary year, and became a voluntary aided school by converting to Trust school status forming the Brentwood Community Learning Trust.
Community.
Brentwood County High School has based its ethos heavily on community. Every student and staff member is part of one of the five Houses which compete regularly in competitions of sport and academia. Each house competition is worth points which determine which House wins the House cup. The five Houses also compete with each other on attendance, punctuality and student house points where the house with the most points goes on to win a prize every half term.
Many students at Brentwood County High School also participate in the Duke of Edinburgh Award scheme which encourages young people to contribute to their local community.
The school created a Community Awards scheme in 2012 which aims to recognise the achievements of local people in the Brentwood area. The school also holds an annual 'Community Day' where all students and staff perform activities to give back to the local community.
Sport.
Brentwood County High School is renowned for its successful rugby teams that often compete at a national level winning the Carnegie cup in 2008, and coming as runners up in 2009. The school also has successful football, netball, swimming and water polo teams which compete at a regional level.
Awards.
Brentwood County High School has achieved Eco-School status by being awarded four Green Flags and an Energy Award by Keep Britain Tidy. The school is one of only 23 schools to be awarded four Green Flags.
The school also holds National Healthy School Status (NHSS) and has won awards for the school's education of English and Humanities from the Prince's Institute of Teaching and the Geographical Association, aswell as the Sportsmark award for the provision of physical education.
Sixth Form.
The school currently operates a sixth form centre for internal students and external candidates.

</doc>
<doc id="19482653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482653" title="Kulla Chor">
Kulla Chor

Kulla Chor is an ancient city in Pakistan. 
The city of Jalalpur Jattan was founded by a JAAT named Jalal and Kula Chor, and a place in Jalalpur Jattan, was built by Chandragupta Maurya, an Indian ruler in 300 BC. Excavations in the area revealed that Kula Chor was the mint of the Maurya Dynasty. It is pertinent to mention that a new wave of people appeared in India in 12th century known as the Kuchour tribe. It can be assumed that the place was populated by the Kula Chours, instead of Chandragupta.
A local historian, Mansoor Behzad Butt, believed that Chandragupta had built a fort in Islam Garh, a suburban village of Jalalpur Jattan. The original name of the village could not be ascertained but the fort became famous as Islam Garh Fort with the passage of time. Only some deteriorating remains of the fort exist today. Later, the fort had been the mint of Maharaja Ranjit Singh, of Lahore, in 1832. The present population of Jalalpur Jattan is about 70,000.

</doc>
<doc id="19482658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482658" title="Michele Zagaria">
Michele Zagaria

Michele Zagaria (San Cipriano d'Aversa, born 21 May 1958) is an Italian Camorrista and one of the bosses of the Casalesi clan from Casal di Principe in the province of Caserta northwest of Naples. He was nicknamed "Capastorta", which translates to wrong-head, because of his violent reputation.
He was on the "most wanted list" of the Italian ministry of the Interior from 1995 until 2011, for Camorra association, murder, extortion, robbery and other crimes. On 8 February 2000, an international warrant was issued against him, to be arrested for extradition. 
Criminal career.
The criminal career of Michele Zagaria, began in the 1980s, alongside Alberto Beneduce and Francesco Schiavone. His first arrest dates back to 1988, when he was found with a 7.65 submachine gun—the weapon of choice for soldiers of the Camorra—in his car. Since then he was in and out of jail, until, on 6 December 1995, the so-called Spartacus investigation—the mother of all anti-Camorra operations—identified him as one of the heads of the Casalesi clan. Since then he vanished from public life.
Zagaria is an atypical Casalesi boss. According to informants, he doesn't refuse a few lines of cocaine, a strict taboo within the clan. He insists on being treated like a priest: 'You should do what I say and not what I do.' He knows how to construct his image. Employees are allegedly received in extravagant villas and greeted with a tiger on a leash. Together with his brother Pasquale he has become the "king of tendering" in construction, getting public contracts for the high-speed train Tav, a new prison, the local rail line and a NATO radar base. 
With Antonio Iovine, Zagaria represented the new face of management of the Camorra, forging strategic alliances with the Calabrian 'Ndrangheta. According to Roberto Saviano, the writer of Gomorrah about the Camorra, it was Zagaria’s "business acumen" that had "enabled his companies to triumph throughout Italy". When it came to winning tenders by undercutting other companies, "Michele Zagaria and his construction firms know no rival".
Convictions and arrest.
He was sentenced, "in absentia", to life on 15 January 2010, after 12-year trial—named the Spartacus Trial—against 36 members of the Casalesi clan, charged with a string of murders and other crimes. 
Zagaria was arrested on 7 December 2011, when police raided a secret bunker in Casapesenna. "You won. Your state has won," Zagaria told police officers as he was arrested. He had been on the run for 16 years, living in his cramped quarters for years, emerging rarely. The arrest led to scenes of jubilation among the police officers. Some embraced; others gave the V for Victory sign and punched the air amid cries of "Long live the police. Long live legality."

</doc>
<doc id="19482660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482660" title="Miguel Ituarte">
Miguel Ituarte

Miguel Ituarte is a Spanish pianist, born in Getxo.
Ituarte was trained at the Madrid Conservatory and Amsterdam's Sweelinck Conservatorium. In 1995, he won the XXXVII Premio de Jaén and the IV Fundación Guerrero Competition, and was a finalist at Santander's XIII Paloma O'Shea Competition. He has performed internationally.
References.
Fundación Juan March

</doc>
<doc id="19482674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482674" title="Girls' Life (magazine)">
Girls' Life (magazine)

"Girls' Life" is an American teen magazine. It was launched in 1994 by Monarch Services. Issues of "Girls' Life" contain information and advice on topics such as academic success, peer pressure, time management tips, stress-relieving ideas and self-esteem. Girls' Lives website hosts a penpal program, games, and discussions. It is considered safe for younger girls, around age 10. The covers feature some of the Disney stars, such as Miley Cyrus, Selena Gomez and The Cheetah Girls, but other stars, that may bring interest to older girls, such as Mandy Moore or Hayden Panettiere. Demi Lovato, Emma Roberts, Emma Watson, Selena Gomez, and Ashley Tisdale have twice adorned the cover of Girls' Life magazine also. This website and magazine became very famous in 2010 when tweens and teens needed advice.
It covers a range of topics, from heavier topics such as dealing with racism, sexual abuse, and feelings for boys, as well as lighter topics such as fashion, beauty, skin care, embarrassing moments. There are also often recipes, gift ideas, and interviews.
The magazine was once notable for the fact it did not feature celebrities on the cover, but eventually began featuring celebrity covers, the first being Alexis Bledel of "Gilmore Girls". The editor said this was because "celebrities sell more magazines". Other features include:

</doc>
<doc id="19482675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482675" title="PatentFreedom">
PatentFreedom

PatentFreedom is an on-line community of companies that access and share information about non-practicing entities that own and enforce patents primarily to collect license fees. The company offers membership to operating companies as well as law firms representing them. The company was founded in May 2008.
Products and Services.
PatentFreedom is a membership organization where members pay annual subscription fee to gain access to extensive information on non-practicing entities. Existing members can also contribute to the information about who are asserting patents. PatentFreedom subscriptions are offered to both companies and law firms. The information includes who the entities are, who is funding them, and who they have asserted their patents against. 
The company has electronic dossiers on 680 entities, 2100 subsidiaries, holding more than 50,000 United States patents and applications, and involved in 8,900 litigations against 25,000 company counterparties. 
PatentFreedom also provides advisory, risk mitigation and custom research services. 
The company was founded in 2008, with 12 companies joining at inception.
Executive Team.
Dan McCurdy is the Co-founder and Chairman of PatentFreedom. He also serves as the CEO of Allied Security Trust. Chris Reohr is the Co-founder and President of PatentFreedom. 

</doc>
<doc id="19482699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482699" title="Patteson-Schutte House">
Patteson-Schutte House

The Patteson-Schutte House is a historic house located on the south side of the James River in Richmond, Virginia. It is likely to be one of the earliest extant buildings within the City of Richmond. It was built sometime between 1725 and 1750 by James Patteson, the overseer of a south side plantation owned by William Byrd III, son of William Byrd II, the founder of Richmond. At the time of the Patteson-Schutte House construction, William Byrd III was living at Westover Plantation in Charles City County. It is currently owned by Historic Richmond Foundation, who purchased the property in March 2006.
Architectural Description.
Patteson-Schutte is a 1.5 story Transitional style frame structure with basement. End chimneys, which are slightly off-center, and a steep peaked roof are iconic architectural elements of Southern Colonial vernacular architecture.
A 2006 survey of Patteson-Schutte conducted by Calder Loth, Senior Architectural Historian at the Virginia Department of Historic Resources, states, "While not a grand house, it was a residence of the gentry class, a carefully constructed, distinctly Virginia structure worthy of preservation. While originally built as a Chesterfield County planter's residence, today it is among the very few 18th century frame structures within the city limits of Richmond."

</doc>
<doc id="19482701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482701" title="Gosasi">
Gosasi

Gosasi is a village in the Khed (Rajgurunagar) "Taluka". It is 13 to from Khed.
It is a very small village. The maximum population of Gosasi is 1,500.
SEZ acquired some amount of village area for development. Gosasi wins many awards in ""Sant Gadgebaba Swchata abhiyan"", launched by the Maharashtra Government.
In this village, people work hard to improve the image of the award-winning village.
The Bajaj foundation works with people to improve the villagers' standard of living.
Mr. APPASAHEB ARJUN GORDE is the ADARSHA SARPANCHA of Gosasi,
For more details, you can contact to mobile number of Sarpanch - +919970911460.

</doc>
<doc id="19482746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482746" title="1993 Waldbaum's Hamlet Cup – Singles">
1993 Waldbaum's Hamlet Cup – Singles

Petr Korda was the defending champion, but lost in the first round to Arnaud Boetsch.
Marc Rosset won in the final 6–4, 3–6, 6–1, against Michael Chang.

</doc>
<doc id="19482747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482747" title="Paul Fischer">
Paul Fischer

Paul Fischer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19482761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482761" title="Antonio Iovine">
Antonio Iovine

Antonio Iovine (San Cipriano d'Aversa, born September 20, 1964) is a powerful Italian Camorrista and one of the bosses of the Casalesi clan from Casal di Principe in the province of Caserta between Naples and Lazio. His nickname is ""o'ninno"" (the baby), because of his baby face when he was made a capo at a very young age.
Fugitive.
He has been on the "most wanted list" of the Italian ministry of the Interior since 1996 and since 2002 for murder and other crimes, until his arrest in November 2010. On August 10, 1999, an international warrant was issued against him, to be arrested for extradition. He is close to Francesco Schiavone alias Sandokan, the head of the Casalesi clan. Iovine's daughter, Filomena (Milly), is engaged to be married with Ivanoe Schiavone, the son of Sandokan.
Business mind.
Antonio Iovine is considered the ‘minister of garbage’ of the Camorra. In Campania, the Camorra controls the entire cycle of garbage disposal, running the dumps, waste transport companies and other businesses, raking in US$ 880 million a year, according to Anti-mafia prosecutors. Investigators suspect Antonio Iovine's ability to evade arrest is thanks in part to mob infiltration of local government. 
He is regarded as the business mind of the organisation. Iovine is also considered to be the one behind the clan’s expansion beyond the boundaries of Campania. Investigators believe that Iovine was the Camorra's deal-maker, recycling the illicit revenue from illegal activities such as drug trafficking and protection rackets, into the legal economy, in particular the cement business.
Trial in absentia and later arrest.
He was sentenced to life on June 19, 2008, after 10-year trial—named the Spartacus Trial—against 36 members of the Casalesi clan charged with a string of murders and other crimes. When still a fugitive boss, Iovine and his close ally, Michele Zagaria, were considered to be in charge of the Casalesi clan. Zagara was arrested December 7, 2011. 
He was arrested on November 17, 2010, in Casal di Principe, in a small villa in Casal di Principe, the gang's heartland north of Naples. He was unarmed and, after a first attempt to get away over a terrace, offered no resistance. Writer Roberto Saviano, who following the publication of his bestselling book "Gomorrah" about the Camorra has been threatened and needs a permanent police escort since 2006, said about the arrest: “I’ve been waiting for this day for 14 years. Antonio Iovine’s arrest is a fundamental step forward in the fight against organised crime. Iovine is an entrepreneur gang boss, capable of managing hundreds of millions of euros. I hope that a thorough clear-out will now be possible."

</doc>
<doc id="19482766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482766" title="Agnès Humbert">
Agnès Humbert

Agnès Humbert (12 October 1894 – 19 September 1963) was an art historian, ethnographer and a member of the French Resistance during World War II. She has become well known through the publication of a translation of the diary of her experiences during the War in France and in German prisons at the time of the Nazi occupation.
Biography.
Early life.
Agnès Dorothée Humbert, known as Agnès Humbert, was born on 12 October 1894 in Dieppe, France, daughter of French senator Charles Humbert and English author Mabel Wells Annie Rooke.
She spent her childhood in Paris, where she studied painting and design. She was a pupil of Maurice Denis alongside Georges Hanna Sabbagh, whom she married in January 1916. She then continued to paint, using the name Agnès Sabbert. They had two sons: Jean Sabbagh, a sub-mariner and advisor to General Charles de Gaulle, and television director and producer Pierre Sabbagh. However Agnès and Georges divorced in 1934.
From 1929 Humbert studied the history of art at the Sorbonne and at the Louvre school, and took postgraduate courses in philosophy and ethnography. She then worked as an art historian at the Musée national des Arts et Traditions Populaires (then at the Palais de Chaillot in Paris) becoming a close associate of the museum's director Georges-Henri Rivière. Her first publication was a book on the painter Louis David, published in 1936. She broadcast on art on Radio Paris at the start of 1936.
Wartime resistance.
From the fall of Paris until her arrest and interrogation by the Gestapo in April 1941, Humbert kept a written diary. Apart from a few scribbled notes, she only resumed writing her diary after her liberation from prison four years later in April 1945. 
The Nazis in Paris.
A few days after the fall of Paris on 14 June 1940, having fled Paris to be with her mother at the house of her cousin Daisy Drew at Vicq-sur-Breuilh, by chance she heard an appeal by General de Gaulle on the BBC's Radio France encouraging the people of France to continue the struggle against the occupying Germans and the Vichy government. It was offensive to her when books were removed from her library by the Germans, and German authors added. On 6 August a notice was fixed on the gateway of the Palais de Chaillot, ordering free entry to German soldiers, and she wrote in her diary that she told her colleague Jean Cassou "I feel I will go mad, literally, if I don't do something!". So, with Boris Vildé, Anatole Lewitsky, Jean Cassou and Yvonne Oddon she formed the Groupe du musée de l'Homme out of members of the Museum, the first resistance movement in occupied France. In a few months these pioneers built a highly diffuse underground network. Their action spread rapidly with the creation of a clandestine newsletter, "Résistance", which had only five issues, between 15 December 1940 and the end of March 1941, with editorials (the first written by Boris Vildé) holding no illusions on Pétain and the Vichy government. This group went on to feed information to the British.
Trials and Imprisonment.
The leaders of the resistance cell were betrayed and arrested in April 1941. Humbert then recruited Pierre Brossolette to continue with the last number of "Résistance" before being arrested herself. The Museum group were sent to the harsh Cherche-Midi prison and then Fresnes Prison in Paris where they were tried by the Wehrmacht and in February 1942, along with seven members of the group, sentenced to death. However she was transferred to the Prison de la Santé where conditions were better and she was visited by her son Pierre and her mother, but she learnt that the men had been put to death by firing squad (they sang "Vive la France" in their last moments). The women were sentenced to 5 years slave labour and deported to Anrath prison in Germany. Humbert was made to work in appalling conditions at the Phrix rayon factory in Krefeld: there workers died, went blind, and developed horrible skin conditions. After four years, in June 1945 she was liberated by the Third United States Army and her diary records how she took part in the "Nazi Hunt" at Wanfried in 1945. She set up soup kitchens for refugees and expressly stated that everyone was to get a share, even the German civilians. Later she helped to start the denazification process.
Post-war.
After the war Humbert refused to return to work at the Museum. Though her health had been affected by her experiences, she continued to write books on art. In 1949 she was awarded the Croix de Guerre with silver gilt palm for heroism. She spent her final years with her son Pierre in the village of Valmondois and is buried in the cemetery there.
She published her diary under the title "Notre Guerre" in 1946. This was later reissued as well as being translated into English by Barbara Mellor under the title: "Résistance".
Publications.
Her Journal:

</doc>
<doc id="19482776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482776" title="Sally Gibson">
Sally Gibson

Sally Gibson is an author, archivist and heritage consultant who resides in Toronto and has written three books about the city and its heritage. She has a Master of Urban Studies from Yale University, and a Master of Library Science and a Ph.D. in Urban Geography from the University of Toronto. Gibson grew up in New Jersey, went to Vassar College, and moved to Toronto in 1969. Her first book, "More than an Island: A History of the Toronto Island" was described by urban thinker Jane Jacobs as "city history at its very best". Her second book, "Inside Toronto: Urban Interiors 1880s to 1920s", was a finalist for the City of Toronto Book Award and won a Heritage Toronto Book Award of Excellence in 2007. Her third book, "Toronto’s Distillery District: History by the Lake", evolved from her work as the Distillery District's site historian and won a Heritage Toronto Book Award of Merit in 2009. 

</doc>
<doc id="19482782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482782" title="Ben Johnson (artist)">
Ben Johnson (artist)

Ben Johnson (born 24 August 1946) is a British painter, best known for his series of large, detailed cityscapes.
Life and work.
Ben Johnson was born in Llandudno, North Wales. He left school at the age of 14 and attended Chester and Wrexham Art Schools. From there he went on to study at the Royal College of Art in London. His first solo exhibition was held in New York in 1969. In 1973, Johnson had the first show to open the new gallery at the ICA. He is the only painter to have been made an Honorary Fellow of the Royal Institute of British Architects (RIBA) for his contribution to the public's understanding of contemporary architecture, having been elected in 1990. Numerous commissions include the Pompidou Centre, British Museum and National Museums Liverpool and many from private collectors.
In 1994, Johnson embarked on depicting cityscapes. The output from his London studio changed from five paintings a year to one every two years in spite of now employing three full-time assistants. His paintings became evermore complex and computer technology became essential to assist his growing ambition for detail. His cityscapes have so far included Hong Kong, Jerusalem, Zurich, and Liverpool. The last was painted when Liverpool was European City of Culture in 2008. It took the artist three years to complete, working with up to eleven assistants, and was finished in public during a residency at the Walker Art Gallery. The cityscapes are painted from aerial viewpoints, sometimes using models to achieve the correct composition. Artistic license is employed to create "ideal" views of the subject cities.
In November 2010, he had a solo exhibition of his paintings at Alan Cristea Gallery, London. He also recently exhibited at the National Gallery, London, where he set up his studio in Gallery I to complete a special work representing the view from the roof of the National Gallery and showing the strong compositional relationship with Canaletto's "The Stonemason's Yard." During a six week period over 73,000 visitors came to watch the artwork take shape.
Johnson is currently exploring the ageing and scarring of architecture and, in tandem, investigating geometry and the sacred embodied in Islamic architecture. A second solo exhibition at Alan Cristea Gallery will open in May 2014.
The Liverpool Cityscape.
The Liverpool Cityscape comprises 170 hectares of the city, a near bird’s-eye perspective. It encompasses several thousand individual buildings and took Johnson and up to 11 assistants 24,000 person hours to complete it. In making The Liverpool Cityscape, Johnson explored the city, (taking over 3000 reference photographs) considered alternative viewpoints, consulted with architects and historians, as well as the people of Liverpool, and absorbed the city’s distinctive atmosphere. Thousands of detailed drawings were produced before the execution of the painting in minute detail.
During February and March 2008 over 51,000 people came to see Ben work on the painting at the Walker Art Gallery in a specially created studio. A live web-cam showing his residency in the Walker was set up to enable the World to watch the creation of the painting online. The resulting exhibition had over 160,000 visits.
The Liverpool Cityscape is permanently on display in the Skylight Gallery of the new Museum of Liverpool.
Personal life.
Whilst at the Royal College of Art, Johnson met Sheila Kellehar, whom he later married. The couple have two sons Jamie Jay Johnson and Charlie Johnson.
Paintings.
A small selection of paintings by Ben Johnson. For a comprehensive collection of paintings please visit the website.
Solo Exhibitions.
2014 Solo Exhibition, Alan Christea Gallery, London (Title TBA) 
2010-11 "Modern Perspectives", National Gallery, London 
2010 “Ben Johnson Paintings,” Alan Cristea Gallery, London 
2008 "Ben Johnson's Liverpool Cityscape 2008 and the World Panorama Series," Walker Art Gallery, Liverpool 
2008 Artist in Residence, Walker Art Gallery, Liverpool
2002 "Still Time," Blains Fine Art, London
2001 "Jerusalem, The Eternal City," Chester Beatty Museum, Dublin 
Selected Group Exhibitions.
2012-14 Travelling exhibition: “Photorealism” Kunsthalle Tübingen, Germany; Museo Thyssen-Bornemisza, Spain; Kunstmuseum Thun, Switzerland; Birmingham Museum & Art Gallery, UK; Gemeentemuseum Den Haag, Netherlands; World Cultural Heritage Völkinger Hütte, Germany
2012 “Beyond Reality, British Painting Today” Galerie Rudolfinum, Prague 
2012 Contributed to Norman Foster installation, Venice Biennale, Venice 

</doc>
<doc id="19482784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482784" title="Second Dranesville">
Second Dranesville

The Second Battle of Dranesville, also known as the Ambush at Anker's Shop, was a small cavalry skirmish that took place between Confederate forces under Colonel John Mosby and Union forces under Captain James Sewall Reed east of Dranesville, Virginia in Loudoun County near present day Sterling on February 22, 1864 as part of Mosby's operations in Northern Virginia in the American Civil War. After successfully defending a raid into "Mosby's Confederacy" by Cole's Maryland Cavalry, the following day Mosby led his Rangers against a second raid by Reed. The action resulted in a Confederate victory.
Background.
Blackleys Grove.
On February 20 a detachment of Cole's Maryland Cavalry, 200 strong, left Harpers Ferry for Upperville, where they surprised and captured 11 of Mosby's Rangers. They then set out south for Piedmont Station (present day Deleplane), shortly thereafter they came upon another partisan, Bill McCobb, who rushed to his horse, but was thrown from it and killed when it jumped a fence.
Mosby, who was at the Heartland farm on the road to Piedmont Station with four of his officers, was alerted off the oncoming Federals by a scout as they ate breakfast. The five Rangers rushed from the house to find the Federals on the road and immediately fired on the force. The unexpected gunfire surprised Cole who withdrew his force back towards Upperville. The gunfire also roused 60 or so Rangers staying in the area. At Piedmont Station, the Rangers rendezvoused and set out in pursuit of the Federals, catching up with them at Upperville. A running fight ensued for until Cole reached the ground of Blackleys Grove School and halted. There, he deployed his men behind a stone wall to contest the Rangers advance. The Rangers halted at the other side of the field and a firefight broke out between the two lines. Capt. W.L. Morgan of the 1st New York Cavalry was killed by Ranger Richard Mountjoy when he rode beyond the Federal line. Shortly thereafter, Cole ordered a charge. The Rangers repulsed the charge and counterattacked. Twice more the Federals charged as the fight swirled around the school and twice more they were repulsed. Mosby then split his force in two and flanked Cole forcing him to retire. As he withdrew he placed skirmishers behind the numerous stone walls he crossed, impeding the Ranger's pursuit. In the fight the Rangers killed 6 and wounded 7, while suffering only 3 wounded in addition to the 11 captured who were not liberated in the fight.
The battle.
The following morning, 160 Rangers gathered to bury McCobb. At the same time Maj. Charles Russell Lowell dispatched 167 troopers of the 2nd Massachusetts Cavalry and 16th New York Cavalry under Capt. James Sewall Reed, on a raid into Loudoun. At the funeral near Middleburg, Mosby learned of the Federal raid and mounted the Rangers in pursuit, sending the bulk of the force under William Henry Chapman to Ball's Mill, south of Leesburg, while he and a small party shadowed the Federals. At Leesburg, Reed, not finding any sign of Confederates, set out east on the Leesburg-Alexandria Turnpike, camping east of the town that night. As the Federals bivouacked, Mosby rejoined his main body, who he had since directed to Guilford Station (present day Sterling) on the Alexandria, Loudoun and Hampshire Railroad. Upon rejoining the Rangers Mosby led them to the pike, west of Dranesville and deployed them in three wings; a dismounted squad on the Pike and two companies on each flank concealed in the woods to the sides of the road. A skirmish party was sent west on the Pike as bait for the ambush. 
At 10 a.m. the Federals broke camp and came upon Mosby's skirmishers an hour later. As the Federal vanguard, in pursuit of the fleeing skirmishers, came into sight the flank wings sprung the trap, missing the main Federal force. Reed took advantage of the mistake and ordered a counterattack. The two force collided in heavy hand-to-hand combat. At one point in the fighting Ranger John Munson captured a Federal trooper but failed to take his sidearm and when he turned to rejoin the fight the Yankee shot him in the back. Moments later, Ranger Baron Robert von Massow captured Reed, but he too failed to take his side arm and was also shot in the back. William Chapman wasted no time in killing Reed in retaliation. With Reed dead, the Federal resistance gave way and the Rangers chased them north towards the Potomac river. Several of the Federal troopers jumped into the river in their haste to flee and drowned.
Results.
In the action, known to the Rangers as 2nd Dranesville, the Rangers killed 12, wounded 25 and captured 70 along with 100 horse while losing only 5 wounded and 1 killed.

</doc>
<doc id="19482785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482785" title="Ralph Gomes">
Ralph Gomes

Ralph Gomes (born June 13, 1937 in Uitulohst) is a retired track and field athlete from Guyana. He competed in the middle-distances, and represented his native country at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="19482815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482815" title="KXRJ">
KXRJ

KXRJ (91.9 FM) is a radio station licensed to Russellville, Arkansas, USA, the station serves the Arkansas college area. The station is currently owned by Arkansas Tech University.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19482830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482830" title="Juvenile jazz band">
Juvenile jazz band

Juvenile jazz bands are a type of children's marching band that started in the 20th century almost exclusively in working class mining areas of the North of England and the Midlands, with a few bands in the mining areas of Wales. Historically, the bands originated in the tradition of coal miners' union marches and colliery brass bands. It was felt that the children should be allowed to participate, and the earliest bands were the children's section of trade union parades. They form an important part of British working class culture.
The instruments used are usually kazoos, glockenspiel, and drums.
The earliest bands started in the 1950s, enjoyed a heyday in the 70s and 80s, but numbers have dwindled recently. 
The juvenile jazz band, the Pelaw Hussars, famously appeared in the film Get Carter.
There is still an organization named the United Kingdom federation of jazz bands, which oversees and organizes competitions between the various bands at a national level. The competition is still intense, and even fiercer than in the 70s and 80s.

</doc>
<doc id="19482844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482844" title="Yarra Bend Asylum">
Yarra Bend Asylum

Yarra Bend Asylum was the first permanent institution established in Victoria that was devoted to the treatment of the mentally ill. It opened in 1848 as a ward of the Asylum at Tarban Creek in New South Wales. It was not officially called Yarra Bend Asylum until July 1851 when the Port Phillip District separated from the Colony of New South Wales. Prior to the establishment of Yarra Bend, lunatic patients had been kept in the District's gaols. Yarra Bend was proclaimed an Asylum under the provisions of the Lunacy Statute 1867 (No.309) in the Government Gazette in October 1867.
From its establishment until 1905 the institution at Yarra Bend was known as an Asylum. This title emphasised its function as a place of detention rather than a hospital which provided treatment for mentally ill people who could possibly be cured. The Lunacy Act 1903 (No.1873) changed the title of all "asylums" to "hospitals for the insane". This Act came into operation in 1905. Despite the change in designation the function and structure of the agency was unchanged. The title was altered to reflect the community's changing attitude towards mental illness and the Victorian Government's approach to the treatment of mentally disturbed persons.
An asylum/hospital for the insane was any public building proclaimed by the Governor-in-Council in the Government Gazette as a place for the reception of lunatics. An asylum could also provide wards for the temporary reception of patients as well as long term patients. Patients could not be retained in an asylum without a warrant requesting their admission. Prior to 1867 the warrant was signed by the Governor. After this date the Chief Secretary (VRG 26) was responsible for this function. Under the provisions of the Lunacy Act 1914 (No.2539) patients could also be admitted to a hospital for the insane on a voluntary basis, that is, on the patient's own request for a specified period of time.
The Yarra Bend Asylum was situated near the junction of Merri Creek and the Yarra River near the former site of Fairlea Women's Prison.
Decline and closure.
The Government of Victoria originally intended for Yarra Bend to be closed once Kew, Ararat and Beechworth asylums were established. However, the gold rush caused a population explosion in the colony, increasing the burden on the new asylums. This was compounded by the practice of housing 'inebriates', 'idiots' and 'imbeciles' in with the 'lunatics' at lunatic asylums up until the 1880s.
Overcrowding and the primitive living conditions were problems at Yarra Bend over a long period of time. The overcrowding was relieved to some extent when new asylums were opened at Royal Park, and Mont Park in the metropolitan area and Sunbury outside the metropolitan district. Victorian Premier Sir Thomas Bent decided in 1905 that no more money was to be used for Yarra Bend and the buildings fell further into disrepair. Despite this, the asylum continued to operate until new admissions eventually ceased in 1924 and the institution was finally closed in 1925. All remaining patients were transferred to Mont Park Asylum. 
Demolition and Later Use.
In 1926 many of the wooden buildings were demolished, leaving the ha-ha wall, gateway and infirmary building. The closure of the asylum saw much of the land released for public use. The infirmary building became part of the Fairhaven Venereal Diseases Clinic. After Fairhaven's closure the gates, walls and infirmary were incorporated into Fairlea Women's Prison which was built on the site. The prison was severely damaged by fire in 1982, and the asylum structures were demolished as a result. The only remaining structure visible is one of the 1860 gate pillars which was relocated to the opposite side of Yarra Bend Road, though some of the bluestone and brick foundation walls of the asylum still exist below ground level.
Cemetery.
Inmates who died at Yarra Bend Asylum were usually interred in unmarked, common graves within the asylum grounds. Families who wished their relative to be buried in a single grave were required to pay an extra fee. The exact location and the number of interments that took place is unknown, but it has been suggested as many as 1,200 former inmates were interred, in up to 400 graves.
According to Parks Victoria, the cemetery was located along the banks of the Yarra, on what is today a practice fairway of the Yarra Bend public golf course. 

</doc>
<doc id="19482864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482864" title="Bimini, Florida">
Bimini, Florida

Bimini is an unincorporated community in Flagler County, Florida, United States. It is located west of Bunnell on State Road 100. The community is part of the Palm Coast Metropolitan Statistical Area.

</doc>
<doc id="19482869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482869" title="Address of the 221">
Address of the 221

The Address of the 221 was an address to king Charles X of France by the chambre des députés at the opening of the French parliament on 18 March 1830. It expressed the defiance of the chambre's liberal majority of 221 deputies to the ministry headed by Jules, prince de Polignac, and helped lead to the July Revolution.

</doc>
<doc id="19482883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482883" title="New York Clearing House">
New York Clearing House

The New York Clearing House Association, the nation’s first and largest bank clearing house, was created in 1853, and has played a variety of important roles in supporting the development of the banking system in America’s financial capital. Initially, it was created to simplify the chaotic settlement process among the banks of New York City. It later served to stabilize currency fluctuations and bolster the monetary system through recurring times of panic. Since the creation of the Federal Reserve System in 1913, the Clearing House has used technology to meet the demands of an increasingly complex and growing banking system.
History.
In 1853, a bank bookkeeper named George D. Lyman proposed in an article that banks send and receive checks at a central office. There was a positive response and The New York Clearing House was organized officially on October 4 of that year. One week later, on October 11 in the basement of 14 Wall Street, 52 banks participated in the first exchange.
On its first day, the Clearing House exchanged checks worth $22.6 million. Within 20 years, the average daily clearing topped $100 million. Today, the average is in excess of $20 billion.
The formation of the New York Clearing House brought order to what had been a tangled web of exchanges. Specie certificates soon replaced gold as the means of settling balances at the Clearing House, further simplifying the process. Once Clearing House certificates were
exchanged for gold deposited at member banks, porters encountered fewer of the dangers they had faced previously while transporting bags of gold from bank to bank. Certificates also relieved the strain on the bank’s cash flow, thus reducing the likelihood of a run on deposits. Requirements placed on member banks–weekly audits, minimum reserve levels and daily settlement of balances–further assured more ordered, efficient exchanges.
Calming the panics.
Between 1853 and 1913, the nation experienced rapid economic expansion as well as ten financial panics. One of the Clearing House’s first challenges was the panic of 1857. When the panic began, leaders of the member banks met and devised a plan that would shorten the duration of the panic–and more importantly, maintain public confidence in the banking system. When specie payments were suspended, the Clearing House issued loan certificates that could be used to settle accounts. Known as Clearing House Loan Certificates, they were, in effect, quasi-currency, backed not by gold but by discounted county and state bank notes held by member banks. Bearing the words “Payable Through the Clearing House,” a Clearing House Loan Certificate was the joint liability of all the member banks, and thus, in lieu of specie, a most secure form of payment.
The certificates appeared in smaller denominations during the panic of 1873, and continued to be used as a substitute currency among the member banks for settlement purposes during panics in subsequent decades, including the Panic of 1893. Although they represented a potential violation of federal law against privately issued currencies, these certificates, as a contemporary observer noted, “performed so valuable a service…in moving the crops and keeping business machinery in motion, that the government…wisely forbore to prosecute.”
In 1913, Congress passed the Federal Reserve Act, thus creating an independent, federal clearing system modeled on the many private clearing houses that had sprung up across America. The new monetary system, with its stringent audits and minimum reserve standards, assumed the role that clearing houses had played in offsetting the nation’s fears of future panics.
The clearing process today.
Since the inception of the Federal Reserve System, the New York Clearing House has concentrated on facilitating the smooth completion of financial transactions by clearing the payments involved. The clearing process, while highly structured, is in theory, quite simple. Member banks exchange checks, coupons and other certificates of value among themselves, after which the Clearing House records the resulting charges to their accounts. Entries are posted on the books of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York to settle any differences. Settlement is prepared each business day at 10:00 a.m. after approximately three million pieces of paper have been presented for payment. The Clearing House also facilitates exchanges among non-member banks. Through the City Collection Department, non-member institutions can gather their checks and other items, which are presented to the Clearing House by member banks and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, and pay for the items received.
In recent decades computers have been performing the payment clearing that once required paper processing. The Clearing House Interbank Payments System, or CHIPS, began operation in 1970. The New York Automated Clearing House, or NYACH, followed in 1975 and became the Electronics Payment Network in 2000. The Clearing House Electronic Check Clearing System, or CHECCS, was added in 1992.
References.
http://www.theclearinghouse.org/docs/000591.pdf

</doc>
<doc id="19482887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482887" title="Bailey House">
Bailey House

Bailey House or variations like Old Bailey House may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19482896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482896" title="Víctor Peralta (athlete)">
Víctor Peralta (athlete)

Víctor Peralta Jiménez (born September 16, 1942) is a retired long-distance runner from Mexico, who won the bronze medal in the men's half marathon at the 1962 Central American and Caribbean Games in Kingston, Jamaica. He competed at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, Japan, finishing in 53rd place in the men's marathon.

</doc>
<doc id="19482933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482933" title="Scarab (Dynamite Entertainment)">
Scarab (Dynamite Entertainment)

The Scarab is a fictional superhero character who first appeared in the 2008 miniseries "Project Superpowers" from Dynamite Entertainment. While he is loosely based on the golden age Scarab, he is one of the few original characters in the series, with most of the others being Golden Age characters who’ve fallen into the public domain.
Fictional biography.
Ten years ago, Amon Khadul found a priceless stone shaped like a scarab, and he sold it for a fortune upon which he built a financial empire. Wanting to make a difference in the world, he built the Scarab armor to fight against the F-Troops who were invading the Middle East; electronic jammers in his armor prevented people from recording his existence. It was there that he met Samson, who convinced him to fight the enemy openly, and this encounter led to Scarab becoming an ally of The Superpowers. However, Amon Khadul is also a member of The Supremacy, a secret council that rules the world and considers the returned heroes a threat to their system; because he is opposed to The Supremacy's practices and lust for power, Khadul acts as a "double agent," keeping the Superpowers informed of The Supremacy's plans.
Unbeknownst to Khadul, the scarab-shaped stone he'd found and sold was formerly part of a magic ring that once belonged to another hero known as The Scarab; the fact that Khadul has taken the same name and symbol is a coincidence... or perhaps fate.
Armor.
The Scarab wears a suit of exoskeletal armor, which resembles a silver-colored humanoid scarab. The armor gives Scarab superhuman strength and speed, and its wings enable him to fly with great speed and maneuverability. The armor is also equipped with electronic jamming technology, which prevents people from electronically recording him.

</doc>
<doc id="19482938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482938" title="Macau Centre for Disease Control and Prevention">
Macau Centre for Disease Control and Prevention

The Macau Centre for Disease Control and Prevention (疾病預防控制中心 (澳門)) was created in 2001 and is under the Health Bureau of Secretariat for Social Affairs and Culture (Macau).

</doc>
<doc id="19482978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482978" title="Semyonovsky">
Semyonovsky

Semyonovsky (masculine), Semyonovskaya (feminine), or Semyonovskoye (neuter) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19482983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482983" title="Emergency medical services in Israel">
Emergency medical services in Israel

Emergency medical services in Israel are provided by the Magen David Adom (MDA) organization, supplemented in some areas by Hatzalah, and the Palestinian Red Crescent Society.
Organization.
Land Ambulance.
While the MDA currently has approximately 1,200 medics, paramedics and emergency physicians on staff, it still relies heavily on over 12,000 volunteers who serve in both operational and administrative capacities. The organization operates 95 stations with a fleet of over 700 ambulances. The majority of the fleet consists of Basic Life Support (BLS) ambulances. These are supplemented by Advanced Life Support (ALS) ambulances, mobile intensive care units (MICU) and a variety of first responders. First responders sometimes include the United Hatzalah organization. In an unusual feature, armored ambulances are not uncommon nationwide. The system is highly dependent on volunteers, many of whom are from outside of Israel. As a recognized national aid society, according to the Geneva Conventions MDA may become an auxiliary arm of the Israeli Defence Force during wartime. Young people holding dual citizenship, often from the U.S., are permitted to fulfill their national service obligations by serving in MDA, instead of in the regular military.
Most major stations also include special units for responding to mass-casualty incidents like natural disasters or terrorist attacks. The system, for the most part, conforms to the Franco-German (as opposed to the Anglo-American) model of EMS care, and the presence of physicians at high-acuity emergencies is not uncommon. In addition, emergency ambulance service is supplemented by a variety of private carriers who are tasked with interfacility transfers only.
Air Ambulance.
Air ambulance service was provided by Israeli Air Force MEDEVAC helicopters, however, in 2008 civil HEMS was introduced by Magen David Adom in partnership with a private company called Lahak Aviation Ltd, utilizing four German-made MBB Bo 105s staffed with MDA paramedics. Lahak deployed them throughout the country in order to improve response times in peripheral areas. Previous attempts to integrate independent helicopter service in the 1970s were unsuccessful due to high cost. Non-emergency and repatriation air ambulance service is normally provided by a variety of private charter carriers such as Arrow Aviation in Israel.
Standards.
Vehicles.
Most of the fleet is made up of regular size vans staffed by "medics" (Hovesh) and "advanced medics" (Hovesh Bacir) as well as teenage and international volunteers (often qualified as first responders) and advanced life support ambulances, staffed by paramedics; mobile intensive care units, staffed by paramedics and physicians, respond only to the most medically serious cases. The vehicles compare in general terms with American or European ambulances, however compliance with either the KKK 1822 or CEN 1789 standard is not compulsory. In addition, first responders will often proceed to calls in their own vehicles, and could be anything from a private car to a motor scooter.
Training and staffing.
As previously stated, the MDA uses a broad range of staff from First Responders to Physicians, and both volunteers and paid staff. First responders typically receive 60 hours of training to prepare them for their roles. Paid employees are required to be certified at the Hovesh level, which requires approximately 170–200 hours of training. The next step is the Hovesh Bacir which requires a further two weeks of training. Those certified at the Hovesh level are permitted to operate AEDs and to start IVs.(AED) Paramedics may be trained over a period of 15 months, with nine months of didactic and hospital clinical time, and a six month preceptorship with a qualified paramedic on a mobile intensive care unit ambulance. Increasingly, however, paramedics are choosing another option; obtaining a three year B-EMS in Emergency Medicine from Ben Gurion University in Beer Sheva with the MDA paramedics course as part of their curriculum.
In an unusual move aimed at raising revenue to offset operating costs, MDA has begun to market its expertise at emergency care and system organization on an international level. They have achieved some success in this endeavour, assisting the nation of Chile with the development of a national EMS system.
Dispatch.
Ambulances are dispatched from regional dispatch centres, except during wars or other emergencies when service is provided from a national dispatch centre. This centre uses dispatch technologies such as Automatic Vehicle Locating (AVL) and decision-support software that are comparable with U.S. and European systems. The national emergency number for an ambulance in Israel is 101. This number is answered by MDA around the clock.
Response times.
MDA claims response times of under six minutes for major emergencies, the majority of the time. It is unclear whether this is the result of extremely dense ambulance coverage (1:10,000 pop.), the high number of volunteer first responders, or the method used for calculating response time.

</doc>
<doc id="19483004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483004" title="Cody's Corner, Florida">
Cody's Corner, Florida

Cody's Corner is an unincorporated community in Flagler County, Florida, United States. It is located at the intersection of Dupont Road and State Road 11 southwest of Bunnell. The community is part of the Palm Coast Metropolitan Statistical Area.

</doc>
<doc id="19483012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483012" title="The Wyndcroft School">
The Wyndcroft School

The Wyndcroft School (a.k.a. Wyndcroft) is a private American coeducational, independent, elementary day school for Early Childhood (3 yrs. old) to Grade 8.
Founded by members of The Hill School faculty in 1918 as The Pottstown Open Air School, Wyndcroft (renamed as such four years later) is located in Pottstown, Pennsylvania, about 35 miles northwest of Philadelphia.
Wyndcroft is a member school of the Association of Delaware Valley Independent Schools.
History.
The year 1918 reflected a growing concern within the educational community to provide not only for academic excellence, but also to provide for the healthful wellbeing of a child. In the midst of nationwide epidemics of measles, mumps, flu and tuberculosis, a few parents in Pottstown, Pennsylvania, members of the prestigious Hill School faculty, chose to provide a superior education for their younger children by founding a progressive "open-air" school. So began Wyndcroft's first incarnation in the sunlit porches and an open garage of a residence on the Hill School campus under the name of "The Pottstown Open Air School."
Within four years the school had changed its name to "The Wyndcroft School" and gained such popularity within the community that the parents purchased a "delightfully situated" rural property on which to expand. Here they constructed "scientifically designed buildings built for the comfort and convenience of the children," in which to hold their school. At this new Rosedale Drive address, (the present site of Wyndcroft), The Wyndcroft School flourished and by 1925 consisted of 50 pupils and 5 teachers. The buildings soon expanded to include "five outdoor bungalows, a school building with a large assembly room, office, classroom, well-equipped kitchen and dining-room where the children have their noon meal."
School Motto.
The school's motto is "Non Sibi" which translates from Latin into English to mean "Not for one's self."
School traditions.
Blue vs. Gold Field Day.
Every Wyndcroft family is assigned to a team for all their years at Wyndcroft. In May, the early childhood and pre-kindergarten students have their Field Day on the fields behind the School, while the kindergarten to eighth grade students head to the Hill School Far Fields for a day of friendly competition and fun! Upon returning to School, they are served a lunch of hamburgers and hot dogs and treated to a "Make Your Own Sundae" bar provided by the Wyndcroft Parent Teacher Organisation.

</doc>
<doc id="19483016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483016" title="Gormond et Isembart">
Gormond et Isembart

Gormond et Isembart (English: "Gormond and Isembart") is an Old French "chanson de geste" from the second half of the eleventh or first half of the twelfth century. Along with "The Song of Roland" and the "Chanson de Guillaume", it is one of the three "chansons de geste" whose composition incontestably dates from before 1150; it may be slightly younger than "The Song of Roland" and, according to one expert, may date from as early as 1068. The poem tells the story of a rebellious young French lord, Isembart, who allies himself with a Saracen king, Gormond, renounces his Christianity, and battles the French king. The poem is sometimes grouped with the "Geste de Doon de Mayence" or "rebellious vassal cycle" of "chansons de geste".
The text.
The extant work only survives in a fragment (two parchment sheets that had been used as a binding of a book) of 661 octosyllable (unusual for a "chanson de geste") verses in assonanced laisses (conserved in the Royal Library of Belgium in Brussels) written in a central France dialect, dating from c. 1130, and that form the end of a much longer poem. The content of the entire poem can be inferred from two sources:
Dating of the composition of the "chanson" is based on:
Plot.
The reconstructed plot is as follows:
The young French lord Isembart is cruelly persecuted by the French court and his uncle, king Louis, and he goes into exile in England, joining the Saracen king Gormond and renouncing Christianity. Isembart incites Gormond to attack France, to destroy Isembart's own lands and surrounding country, and to burn down the Abbey of Saint-Riquier. The French king comes to battle them at Cayeux (Cayeux-en-Santerre or Cayeux-sur-Mer). (The surviving fragment begins here.) In the battle, after a series of victorious combats, Gormond falls to Louis, but the king is himself mortally injured when he tries to remain on his horse. The Saracen troops are briefly in chaos, but Isembart takes over the army. He eventually unhorses his own father. Four days later, the Saracens give up the battle and Isembart dies, returning to Christianity in his last breaths.
Historical sources.
The poem appears based on an invasion of Norsemen who burned the Abbey of Saint-Riquier in February 881 and were defeated by Louis III six months later at Saucourt-en-Vimeu.

</doc>
<doc id="19483049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483049" title="It's Jo and Danny">
It's Jo and Danny

It's Jo and Danny is the brainchild of Jo Bartlett and Danny Hagan. In 2000 they released their debut album "Lank Haired Girl to Bearded Boy" on their own Double Snazzy label. Rave reviews and daytime UK national radio play on BBC Radio 1 led to a worldwide recording contract with RCA. Live UK performances included appearances at the Glastonbury Festival, Reading and Leeds Festival and T in the Park, with international shows at Crossing Borders in Amsterdam with Emmylou Harris, and Les Inrockuptibles festival in Paris with Coldplay.
Albums and the Green Man Festival.
In 2003 they released "But We Have The Music" in the UK, Spain, Germany and Japan, and received Album of the Week in "The Times". In the same year, they founded the Green Man Festival in the Brecon Beacons in Wales. This pioneered what Bob Stanley called "the new wave of folk" The Times
"The Quickening" was recorded with Scottish/Irish/Californian folk outfit Daimh and released in 2005. Once again, it was critically well received and awarded four stars by Peter Paphides in "The Times".
They currently record as The Yellow Moon Band.

</doc>
<doc id="19483059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483059" title="Víctor Maldonado">
Víctor Maldonado

Víctor Maldonado Flores (born August 3, 1939 in Lagunillas, Zulia) is a retired track and field athlete from Venezuela. He competed in the hurdling events. Maldonado represented his native country at three consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1960.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19483066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483066" title="GeorgiaSkies">
GeorgiaSkies

GeorgiaSkies was an American commuter airline brand founded by Pacific Air Holdings to operate flights in Georgia after the airline was awarded an Essential Air Service contract to serve Athens and Macon, Georgia. The airline started flights on September 29, 2008 and used the airline identifiers and call signs of its parent company Pacific Wings. The airline was headquartered in Dallas, Texas.
Cessation of service.
GeorgiaSkies reportedly no longer flies between Macon and Atlanta, although GeorgiaSkies has a press release stating that "GeorgiaSkies has been ordered to
continue serving the City until a replacement carrier can be found."
Former Destinations.
GeorgiaSkies' system map showed the airline serving the Atlanta and Macon destinations. However, GeorgiaSkies has reportedly stopped flying between those two destinations. The airline ceased operating in late summer of 2012.
Fleet.
GeorgiaSkies operated two 9-passenger Cessna 208B Grand Caravan aircraft.

</doc>
<doc id="19483068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483068" title="1940 college football season">
1940 college football season

The 1940 NCAA football season ended with the Gophers of the University of Minnesota being named the nation’s #1 team and national champion by the AP Poll, and the Stanford University Indians in second, with the two teams receiving 65 and 44 first place votes respectively. Each writer listed his choice for the top ten teams, and points were tallied based on 10 for first place, 9 for second, etc., and the AP then ranked the twenty teams with the highest number of points. Minnesota, Stanford, Boston College, and Tennessee all claim 1940 as a national championship season.
September.
September 28 Defending champion Texas A&M beat Texas A&I (later the university’s Kingsville campus), 26-0. Tennessee beat Mercer 49-0. USC and Washington State played to a 14-14 tie. Tulane lost to Boston College 27-7. Michigan won at California 41-0. Minnesota defeated Washington 19-14 in Minneapolis.
October.
October 5 In San Antonio, Texas A&M beat Tulsa 41-6. Tennessee beat Duke 13-0. Cornell beat Colgate 34-0. Northwestern won at Syracuse, 40-0. Minnesota beat Nebraska 13-7. Michigan beat Michigan State 21-14.
October 12 Cornell won at Army 45-0.
In Los Angeles, Texas A&M beat UCLA, 7-0, and was ranked 2nd in the AP poll that followed. Tennessee beat Chattanooga 53-0 and was fifth in the next poll. Northwestern beat Ohio State 6-3. Michigan won at Harvard 26-0.
October 19 #1 Cornell beat Syracuse 33-6. #2 Texas A&M beat TCU 21-7. #3 Michigan beat Illinois 28-0. #4 Northwestern won at Wisconsin 27-7. In Birmingham, #5 Tennessee beat Alabama, 27-12. In Columbus, #7 Minnesota beat #15 Ohio State 13-7. #6 Notre Dame beat Carnegie Tech 61-0.
October 26 #1 Cornell beat Ohio State 21-7. #2 Notre Dame won at Illinois 26-0. #3 Michigan beat Pennsylvania 14-0. #4 Texas A&M won at Baylor 14-7. #5 Tennessee beat Florida 14-0. #6 Minnesota beat Iowa 34-6.
November.
November 2 #1 Cornell beat Columbia 27–0. #2 Notre Dame beat Army 7–0 at Yankee Stadium. #3 Michigan was idle. #4 Minnesota narrowly won at Northwestern, 13-12. #5 Texas A&M beat Arkansas 17-0. #7 Tennessee beat LSU 28-0.
November 9 #1 Cornell beat Yale 21-0, but dropped to second in the next poll. #2 Minnesota and #3 Michigan both unbeaten (5-0-0) met in Minneapolis, with the Gophers winning by one point, 7-6. #4 Texas A&M won at SMU 19-7. #5 Tennessee won at Rhodes College 41-0. #6 Stanford beat Washington 20-10 to advance its record to 7-0-0.
November 16 #1 Minnesota beat Purdue 33-6. #2 Cornell lost at Dartmouth 3-0. #3 Texas A&M beat Rice 25-0. #4 Stanford beat Oregon State 28-14. #5 Tennessee beat Virginia 41-14. #8 Boston College beat Georgetown 19-18 to extend its record to 8-0-0
November 23 #1 Minnesota closed its season with a 22-13 win at Wisconsin. #2 Texas A&M and #3 Stanford were idle. #4 Boston College beat Auburn 33-7. #5 Cornell. #7 Michigan won at Ohio State to close its season at 7-1-0.
On Thanksgiving Day #2 Texas A&M lost at Texas 7-0.
November 30 #3 Stanford closed its season with a 13-7 win at California. #4 Boston College defeated Holy Cross 7-0.
Conference standings.
The following is a potentially incomplete list of conference standings:

</doc>
<doc id="19483084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483084" title="Statute of Autonomy of the Balearic Islands">
Statute of Autonomy of the Balearic Islands

The Statute of Autonomy of the Balearic Islands, approved by the Organic Law 2/1983 on February 25, established the Balearic Islands as an autonomous community of Spain. Since its initial approval, the statute has undergone many changes and reforms, the most recent of which came into effect on March 1, 2007, coinciding with the Day of Balearic Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="19483095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483095" title="Tobruk (band)">
Tobruk (band)

Tobruk was an English rock band, Its second incarnation formed in 1981 when vocalist Stuart "Snake" Neale (born 26 April 1963 - died 20 December 2006), guitarist Nigel Evans, and keyboard player Jem Davies from the Bedford-based band, Stranger, joined forces with guitarists Mick Newman, lead Martin Gregory, bassist Steve (Woody) Woodward and drummer Alan Vallance. Prior to this, the band had already had one single released in Ireland. Original members were Newman, Woodward, Vallance (previously Chris Thomas on drums), Nick Petty on guitar and Terry on vocals. Although the band came to the fore during the tail-end of the NWOBHM movement, their sound was more melodic and polished.
The band relocated to Birmingham and commenced touring. A demo brought them exposure on The Friday Rock Show in 1982. They gigged to promote their debut single "Wild On The Run" with "The Show Must Go On" which was released on Neat Records around 1983. Steve Woodward, who was a founding member and main songwriter, left the band in 1983 after a tour with Diamond Head just as EMI was showing interest in the band. A new rhythm section was recruited, when drummer Eddie Fincher and bassist Mike Brown joined. Vallance went on to stints in Sons Of Eden and Proteus. Woodward currently plays guitar and sings in the band Three Chord Trick.
The band's management at the time, Light And Sound Design, hired out the Birmingham Odeon, rigged it with expensive lights and sound and invited various talent scouts. This led the band to sign a deal. After signing to EMI (Parlophone) in 1984 Tobruk went on a club tour before playing some dates with Diamond Head. They also toured the UK supporting UFO (band).
They then ventured to Philadelphia to start recording their debut album, also titled 'Wild On The Run' at Warehouse Studios. Lance Quinn from Lita Ford and Bon Jovi-fame co-produced the album with the band. The album was released in May 1985 and tours followed supporting UFO, Tokyo Blade and Manowar (band).
The band's 1985 Single 'Falling' gained some airplay. The 7" single release contained a prize draw competition in which the prize was a parachute jump (i.e. free-'falling') with the band at Bovingdon Green Airfield in Buckinghamshire. The winner (23 year old John Michael Dunn (later known as John Michael Richards), of Thatto Heath, St.Helens, Merseyside (Lancashire)) had to sign a disclaimer/waiver relinquishing Parlophone Records of any responsibility for death, injury or loss. John Richards was a prominent Rock DJ on radio in Northwest England.
Unfortunately, the band could not break in the UK, as they sounded too American. The album's sales disappointed and the band left Parlophone around 1987. A second album was released through FM Revolver, called 'Pleasure + Pain'.
By this stage, the band started falling apart with Snake and Fincher leaving the band to join the band Idol Rich. Tobruk tried to soldier on and recorded some demos with ex-The Alliance vocalist, Tony Martin, but nothing came of it and the band split for good. Martin went on to join Black Sabbath. Nigel spent some time touring with Shy (band).
Snake also had a stint in an early incarnation of The Wildhearts but never recorded officially with them, although some demos were produced. Mike Brown played bass in a short-lived band with Alan Kelly (drummer, ex-Shy) called Why The Rabbit shortly after Tobruk broke up. Jem Davis and Fincher started the band Midnight Blue with one-time Yngwie Malmsteen and Rainbow (English band) singer Dougie White and recorded 'Take The Money And Run' circa 1994. Davis also toured with UFO and had stints in Praying Mantis (band) and FM.
Phoenix Music re-issued a Tobruk retrospective in 2001 with rare tracks and video footage, called 'Recaptured'. Rip Tide Records also re-released 'Wild On The Run' on CD in that year.
See also.
The Wildhearts

</doc>
<doc id="19483098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483098" title="Petroleum and Explosives Safety Organisation">
Petroleum and Explosives Safety Organisation

Petroleum And Explosives Safety Organisation (PESO) is the department formed by Government of India to control and administer the usage of explosives, petrol stations in India. The agency issues licenses for Operation of Petrol Stations under Form XIV, Licenses to operate Petroleum Product Transportation vehicles, Licenses for Refineries, Petrochemical Complexes, etc. The Department is headed by Chief Controller of Explosives and is headquartered at Nagpur in the State of Maharashtra in India. The Norther Regional Office is based at Faridabad in the state of
Haryana. The agency has framed various rules like "Petroleum Rules 2002" for the safe operation of petrol stations, "Explosive Rulgsodugisddes 1983", "Gas Cylinder Rules 2002", and "Stative & Mobile Pressure Vessels (Unfired) 1981" for LPG Vessels.

</doc>
<doc id="19483102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483102" title="Maner Sharif">
Maner Sharif

Maner Sharif is a small town in Bihar state, India. It is located west of Patna on National Highway 30. The town has tombs of Sufi saints Makhdoom Yahya Maneri and Makhdoom Shah Daulat, known as "Bari Dargah" (the great shrine) and "Chhoti Dargah" (the small shrine).
History.
Makhdoom Shah Daulat died in Maner Sharif in 1608 and Ibrahim Khan, Governor of Bihar, built a mausoleum to him that was completed in 1616.
The domed mausoleum's walls are adorned with intricate designs and its ceiling has passages from the Qur'an. Maner Sharif also has a mosque constructed by Ibrahim Khan in 1619. Maner Sharif was a regional centre of learning and is where the Sanskrit grammarian Pāṇini studied.
Maner is known for its variant of laddu made with ghee and promoted by local vendors as being made using the sugar-sweet waters of the Sone river. Maner laddu featured in the Bollywood movie Khudgarz.
Politics.
Srikant Nirala of RJD won the Maner seat (assembly constituency no. 192) defeating Sacchidanand Rai of JD(U) in October 2005 and February 2005. Bhai Birendra of SAP defeated Srikat Nirala of RJD in 2000. Srikant Nirala representing Janata Dal defeated Bhai Birendra (Independent) in 1995. Srikant Nirala representing Congress defeated Suryadeo Tyagi of Janata Dal in 1990. Rajmati devi representing Congress defeated Suryadeo Tyagi representing LKD in 1985. Ram Nagina Singh (Independent) defeated Suryadeo Tyagi of Janata Party (SC) in 1980. Suryadeo Tyagi representing Janata Party defeated Ram Nagina Singh representing Congress in 1977.
Maner assembly constituency is part of Pataliputra (Lok Sabha constituency).
187 Maner assembly constituency covers Maner community development block; and Aanandpur, Kateshar, Sikandarpur, Parev, Daulatpur Simri, Mushepur, Shri Rampur, Bihta, Dayalpur Daulatpur, Purshottampur Painathi, Bishunpura, Raghopur, Amhara, Kanchanpur Kharagpur, Sadisopur, Painal, Bela, Neora, Makhdoompur and Shri Chandpur gram panchayats of Bihta CD Block.

</doc>
<doc id="19483119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483119" title="Sadko (film)">
Sadko (film)

Sadko () is a 1952 Russian fantasy film directed by Aleksandr Ptushko. The film is based on an opera by Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov, which was based on a Russian "bylina "(epic tale) with the same name, and scored with Rimsky-Korsakov's music from the opera.
Plot summary.
This tale is based upon the legends born in ancient times in the old Russian city of Novgorod (the capital of Novgorod republic). Novgorod's merchants are feasting in a gorgeous palace. A young gusli player named Sadko is bragging that he can bring to their land a sweet-voiced bird of happiness. But the merchants are ridiculing him. Nevertheless, Sadko sets off on a travel to bring the bird of happiness to Novgorod. He is offered help by the daughter of the Ocean King - she is mesmerized by Sadko's singing and is in love with him. The hero is destined to visit many lands in his search of the bird. He will come to India, Egypt and other countries. But only on his return to his native Novgorod, would Sadko realize that there is no better land than the one you were born in. And so there is no need to go far in search of one's happiness.
Awards.
"Sadko" won the "Silver Lion" award at the Venice Film Festival in 1953, and festival judges included lead actor Sergei Stolyarov in a list of the world’s best actors in the 50-year history of film.
"The Magic Voyage of Sinbad".
The film was released in the United States in 1962 in an English-dubbed and modified form by Roger Corman's Filmgroup under the title "The Magic Voyage of Sinbad" (the original version of the film does have a slight connection to Sindbad the Sailor since Rimsky-Korsakov's symphonic suite "Scheherazade" incorporates elements of Sindbad stories). "The Magic Voyage of Sinbad" retains the basic plot structure of "Sadko" but includes several significant changes: the total running time is reduced from approximately 85 to 79 minutes (most of the deleted footage consists of scenes in which songs are performed), voice-over narration is added, the protagonist "Sadko" is renamed "Sinbad," and characters and places are renamed to disguise the film's Russian origin and transform the film into a story about Sindbad the Sailor (perhaps most significantly, the city of Novgorod is renamed "Copasand"). Also, the English dubbing in this version arguably gives the film a slightly "campier" tone than the original version, in which the dialogue has a more polished and "literate" tone. Notably, the "Script Adaptor" for this version of the film was a young Francis Ford Coppola.
This version of the film was featured in Season 5, Episode #505 of Mystery Science Theater 3000 in 1992. Despite mocking this modified version of the film in this episode, Kevin Murphy, voice of Tom Servo, has professed a love for the "breathtaking" visual style of this and other films by Aleksandr Ptushko in multiple interviews. Paul Chaplin, another writer of the show, has also expressed admiration.
DVD release.
The original Russian version of "Sadko" is available on DVD from RusCiCo.
The "Mystery Science Theater 3000" treatment of the film was released on DVD as part of the 20th four-film box set of series episodes, through Shout! Factory on March 8, 2011. In some sets the DVD is mis-labeled as the film "Project Moonbase".

</doc>
<doc id="19483121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483121" title="Sadamu Shimomura">
Sadamu Shimomura

Biography.
Shimomura was a native of Kōchi Prefecture, and a graduate of the 20th class of the Imperial Japanese Army Academy in 1908. His classmates included Prince Asaka, Prince Higashikuni Naruhiko, Prince Kitashirakawa Naruhisa, Mitsuru Ushijima, Heitarō Kimura, Takashi Sakai, and Shōjirō Iida. He subsequently graduated from the 28th class of the Army Staff College in 1916. After serving in a number of staff and administrative positions within the Imperial Japanese Army General Staff, Shimomura was posted to France as a military attaché in 1919. He returned to the Strategy and Planning bureau of the General Staff in 1921. He participated as part of the Japanese delegation to the Geneva Naval Conference negotiations from 1928–1929 and in 1931. From 1933-1935 he was commander of the IJA 1st Heavy Field Artillery Regiment.
In 1935, Shimomura was assigned to the staff of the Kwantung Army and promoted to major general in 1936. He returned to the General Staff as Chief of the 4th Bureau from 1936–1937, and of the 1st Bureau from 1937-1938. He was strong proponent of a more aggressive approach towards the Kuomingtang government in the Shanghai area and his recommendations influenced the decision of the Japanese General Staff to authorize the landings of the Japanese Tenth Army at the start of the Battle of Shanghai.
Shimomura was promoted to lieutenant general in 1939. He was Commandant of the Artillery School in 1940, and given a field command in 1942 in the form of the Japanese Thirteenth Army based in Shanghai and surrounding provinces primarily as a garrison force to deter the possible landings of the Allies of World War II in the lower Yangtze River area of east central China.
In March 1944, Shimomura was withdrawn to the Japanese home islands and became commander of the Western District Army, another force intended to defend against Allied landings. However, in November 1944, he returned to China as commander of the North China Area Army.
In 1945, Shimomura was promoted to full general, and on 23 August (after the surrender of Japan), was appointed final Army Minister under the Higashikuni cabinet. One of the reasons for his selection was that he had never been involved in hostilities against the United States at any point in his military career. Shimomura was also concurrently the final Inspector-General for Military Training. His primary task was to oversee the demobilization of the Imperial Japanese Army.
As with all other members of the former Japanese government, Shimomura was briefly taken into custody by the American occupation authorities from 1946–1947, but was released without trial.
In June 1959, he was elected to the House of Councilors in the post-war Diet of Japan for a single term with the support of the Liberal-Democratic Party. Shimomura died in a traffic accident on 25 March 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="19483125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483125" title="Enterprise mobility management">
Enterprise mobility management

Enterprise mobility management (EMM) is the set of people, processes and technology focused on managing the increasing array of mobile devices, wireless networks, and related services to enable broad use of mobile computing in a business context. This is an emerging discipline within the enterprise that has become increasingly important over the past few years as more workers have bought smartphone and tablet computing devices and have sought support for using these devices in the workplace.
The main challenges of determining the right enterprise mobility strategy for an organization is to relate the available mobile IT to the overall purpose of the work conducted, to determine how closely the business process should be aligned to the mobile IT, and how to support mobile workers when they are using these devices in the workplace. 
Business need.
According to recent research, 234 million people in the U.S. over age 13 use a mobile device, and 65 million own a smartphone. By 2012, business mobile users will make up more than 30% of all subscribers in the United States.
In 2009 and 2010, an influx of high capability smartphones and similar handheld computers reached an eager marketplace. Sales of such devices were strong and based on the strength of demand, more producers released even more devices on a variety of operating systems (OSs). The initial popularity of the Apple iPhone was eventually matched by the Google Android OS, while older platforms such as the Research In Motion BlackBerry maintained a significant, albeit shrinking, market share.1 Many consumers began looking for ways to use their new devices to improve and streamline work-related processes such as checking email. And while employers generally understood that mobile email and other work processes would increase productivity and employee satisfaction, supporting a wide variety of device types and operating systems would be complex, introducing security risks and high costs. A turnkey method of device management was greatly needed.
The cost, security risks and mission critical nature of mobility weighs heavily on the minds of CIOs and the market has responded by developing sophisticated systems designed to reduce the IT labor needed to support broad mobile device use in the enterprise. Such systems are generally referred to as enterprise mobility management.
Andrew Borg of the Aberdeen Group has this to say about enterprise mobility management: "Enterprise Mobility Management (EMM), the comprehensive 'cradle-to-grave' approach of managing the full mobility lifecycle, has become a hallmark of top performing organizations."
Scope.
Enterprise mobility management has several dimensions including security, application management and financial management.
Because mobile devices are easily lost or stolen, data on those devices is highly vulnerable. When corporate data is accessible via a personal mobile device, organizations suddenly lose a great deal of control over who can access that data. Enterprise mobility management proposes systems to prevent unauthorized access to enterprise applications and/or corporate data on mobile devices. These can include password protection, encryption and/or remote wipe technology, which allows an administrator to delete all data from a misplaced device. With many systems, security policies can be centrally managed and enforced. Such device management systems are programmed to support and cooperate with the application programming interfaces (APIs) from various device makers to increase security compliance without increased labor.
System administrators cannot expect to have the same access to mobile device clients as they would have to desktop devices that don't leave an office. Lack of access combines with operating system heterogeneity to make routine tasks such as deployments, configuration settings, application installations and help desk tasks very difficult. Each device has unique management requirements and tasks often must be performed remotely, over the air. Enterprise mobility management systems generally provide middleware to automate management tasks and insulate administrators from the complexity of performing tasks on many different types of devices. It also provides infrastructure to securely administer devices over the air. Self-management portals, which allow users to download updates and applications on their own, are another common feature.
The cost of voice and data were once wholly contained within the walls of the enterprise. With mobile devices this is no longer the case. Often, each employee negotiates their own contract with a mobile carrier and then bills his employer for some or all of these costs as a reimbursement, creating budget unpredictability for the organization. Enterprise mobility management often includes telecom expense management features that help organizations plan for and control the overall costs of mobile voice and data transmissions. Other tasks such as carrier contract negotiations, invoice processing and/or device requisition costs, when appropriate, can also be included.
In the case of mobile web apps, both the data and the applications reside on the web server that is hosted in highly secured data center. Nothing resides in the end user devices. Users access and update corporate information with the use of a web browser on the mobile device and a log-in account. Each user is provided with a login id and password pair that can be revoked by the administrator at short notice. Additional password security can be provided by adding an SDKEY supported device. Session security is provided by the proven SSL VPN connection security and encryption technology. SSL server certificate issued by an authorized provider has to be installed on the web server. The web server access log logs all user accesses. The log can double as intrusion detection tool, logging all accesses including illegal access attempts. Access permissions to different applications and data sets on the system can be granted or removed from users and user groups by the administrator. No installation is required on the end user mobile devices. Since users prefer to use their own personal devices to access corporate information, there is no need for employer to provide such devices. Furthermore, the same apps and data are also available to traditional desktop and laptop users.
Notes.
Enterprise Mobility Guide 2011, Sybase, 2011.
Enterprise Mobility Strategies, ACS, May 2009.
O'Sullivan, Cian, More Smartphones in the Enterprise Means More Security Risk, GoMo News, June 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19483154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483154" title="Jacques Joseph Viennet">
Jacques Joseph Viennet

Jacques Joseph Viennet (14 April 1734, Béziers - 12 August 1824, Béziers) was a French politician and a member of the National Convention in 1792.
Life.
His family was Italian in origin, dating back to a lieutenant of Desiderius, king of the Lombards. Aged 18, he was bestowed a canonry in the chapter of Capestang, but renounced it two years later for a military career, joining the régiment des dragons du Languedoc as an officer. He was involved in the Hanover campaigns (1757–1759) and participated in the last battles of the Seven Years' War. At the end of that war, in 1763, his regiment was disbanded and he went into retirement until the French Revolution.
A municipal officer of Béziers in 1790, on 9 September 1791 he was elected to the National Assembly as député for Hérault, the 8th of 9, by 233 votes out of 420. He sat with the moderates and was re-elected on 4 September 1792 for the same département, with 409 out of 484 votes. He contested the Assembly's right to judge Louis XVI of France and declared "I never believed myself authorised by our constituents to be a judge; I always thought that an assembly of legislators could not set up a judicial tribunal, that the same body cannot simultaneously exercise justice and make the laws and that this accumulation of powers will end up in a monstrosity. The precipitate speed with which you have decided to judge Louis gives your enemies ample material for the most bitter and perhaps the most just criticisms" Pressed to reply, he continued "I am asked to declare if Louis is guilty, I reply "Yes". If I am asked today what kind of punishment ought to be applied to Louis, I reply - a man can only be punished by laws that pre-dated the crimes that he committed. The only thing to be held against Louis is the prevention of the abdication of the monarchy." He voted for the king to be imprisoned for the duration of the war, an appeal to the people and sentencing.
In an altercation he had with Jean-Paul Marat, who fired a pistol at him from his pocket, Viennet grabbed his arm and demanded he meet him for a duel at the bois de Boulogne - Marat declined the invitation.
Viennet fought the suggestions of Voulland who had claimed he had revolutionised the Hérault, and he was with Cochon de Lapparent commissaire for re-raising the cavalry in the 14 armies of the Republic. In this post he gave evidence of his probity. He was elected to the Council of Ancients as deputy for Herault by 193 out of 232 votes on 13 October 1795, and was a sociétaire of this assembly, sitting in it until March 1798, when he left the political scene.
He was the father of Jean-Pons-Guillaume Viennet and the brother of the priest Louis Esprit Viennet who became priest of Paris's église Saint-Merry aged 40 and in 1790 preached a sermon on the civil constitution of the clergy.

</doc>
<doc id="19483178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483178" title="Vasilyevsky">
Vasilyevsky

Vasilyevsky (masculine), Vasilyevskaya (feminine), or Vasilyevskoye (neuter) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19483179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483179" title="Trousdale">
Trousdale

Trousdale may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19483188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483188" title="Jean-Henri Voulland">
Jean-Henri Voulland

Jean-Henri Voulland (11 October 1751, Uzès, Gard - 23 February 1801, Paris) was a politician of the French Revolution. Originating from a Protestant family, he originally studied law. One of his offices was as deputy for Gard in the National Convention, to which role he was elected on 5 September 1792. In September 1793 he was elected as a member of the Committee of General Security. He became part of the opposition to Robespierre and the Committee of Public Safety and played an important role in the overthrow of Robespierre on 9 Thermidor.

</doc>
<doc id="19483191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483191" title="Arado Ar 199">
Arado Ar 199

The Arado Ar 199 was a floatplane aircraft built by Arado Flugzeugwerke. It was a low-wing monoplane, designed in 1938 to be launched from a catapult and operated over water. The enclosed cockpit had two side-by-side seats for instructor and student, and a third rear seat for a trainee navigator or radio operator.
The Technical Office of Germany demanded 1938 a modern naval trainer aircraft. The Arado Ar 199 was the design for flight training complete seaplane crews. The machine resembled an Ar 196, however, was based on the Ar 79 and Ar 96, but all-metal and catapults capable. The Ar 199 owned two all-metal floats that ended in a flat stage. Behind was a keel, which was equipped with water rowing. It was powered by an Argus As 410C. To achieve good flight characteristics the Ar 199 had rigid slats and large rudders. The first 4 prototypes possessed a VDM-adjusting air screw, the last and the series, however, an Argus "Verstellluftschraube".
31 Arado 199 were built, 5 prototypes and 26 series machines.

</doc>
<doc id="19483205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483205" title="Glemsford railway station">
Glemsford railway station

Glemsford railway station was a station in Glemsford, Suffolk.

</doc>
<doc id="19483212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483212" title="Sarantel">
Sarantel

Sarantel (officially Sarantel Group PLC) (AIM: SLG) is a Wellingborough, UK-based manufacturer of miniature low-proximity antennas used in cell phones, PDAs, GPS, and other communication devices. The company has offices in England and the US. Sarantel is listed on the London Stock Exchange in the Alternative Investment Market (SLG.L).
Company history.
Sarantel is a spin-off of Symmetricom founded in 2000 by Dr. Leisten. Leisten was spearheading the development of a new type of miniature antenna – now called PowerHelix - since the 1990s at Navstar Systems Ltd. Navstar was acquired by Symmetricom in 1993. During 1999 and 2000 Symmetricom enacted a strategy to focus on their core business of designing and manufacturing timing and network synchronization technology. They offered Dr. Leisten an opportunity to do a management buy out of the miniature antenna technology they acquired from Navstar.
Leisten took advantage of the offer and founded Sarantel and the company started trading on 29 September 2000 with first-round funding of approximately $10 million from 3i and Foresight Venture Partners. Further private funding rounds involved 3i, MTI, Foresight Venture Partners, Trivest, E Technologies and Hotbed In 2004 the European Tech Tour identified Sarantel as one of the Top 25 high growth technology companies in the UK. In March 2005 Sarantel floated on the London Stock Exchange's AIM market and in August 2005 Sarantel shipped its one-millionth antenna.
At 13 Jun 2013 the directors of Sarantel Limited have appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as an administrator to Sarantel Limited, the operating subsidiary of the Company. Since 20 Jun 2013 sarantel has stopped business.
Intellectual property.
Sarantel has developed an intellectual property portfolio comprising over two dozen core patents with hundreds of international filings on the design and production of dielectrically loaded antennas. 
Products and services.
Sarantel’s antenna products are used in a broad range of GPS, satellite radio, military and satellite phone applications (see Applications).
The company’s primary focus is on designing and manufacturing patented dielectrically loaded antenna technology, this technology is specifically aimed at hand held devices which are mostly used close to human bodies. By off setting the antenna tuning to factor in the near-field interference caused by the water in the human body, Sarantel claims to reduce the impact of ‘body loading’ often associated with conventional antenna technologies. This however has the side effect of making the Helix type antennas less suitable for use in free space applications where a large watery body is not nearby.
Their R&D efforts are mostly focused on reducing near-field interference to improve the range and quality of wireless communications.
Technology.
Sarantel’s PowerHelix antenna technology is the commercialization of 20 years of research in balancing electric fields across a dielectric-core. Their technology enables dense electro-magnetic near-fields to be stored in a low-loss dielectric material.
Sarantel’s technology is geared towards applications of wireless antenna’s with "in-use" conditions where match and gain characteristics do not vary with changing use scenarios and towards applications that experience significant near-field interference.
In certain applications, antennas for wireless products that are used close to the human body should be designed resonating independently from the wireless product. This approach reduces the interference from human bodies called ‘body loading’ by removing the regions of high electro-magnetic field density from the areas that are occupied by human tissues when the wireless product is "in use". This method reduces the aperture size of the antenna and achieves a higher degree of electrical stability in the presence of the human body. It also reduces in-band "common-mode" noise from conducted power on the device chassis so that the approach also enables integration of multiple radios into a smaller device with reduced interference.
Sarantel’s topology and feed system is designed to provide electromagnetic isolation, rather than to resonate with the box as is the case with most conventional antennas.
Sarantel also provides MIMO solutions for mobile WiMax, 3G-LTE and WiFi IEEE801.11n where high data throughput and range depend on the isolation between the multiplicity of receiving and transmitting antennas on the box. 
The manufacturing process.
Sarantel has manufactured their own products since the company’s formation in 2000 using a highly accurate three-dimensional photolithography process. 
In 2008, the company finalized the development of its 3rd generation production process. With each generation the company improves scalability of the process and lowers the cost of production. 
Applications.
Sarantel’s antennas exist inside the following types of applications:

</doc>
<doc id="19483213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483213" title="Joaquín Soriano">
Joaquín Soriano

Joaquín Soriano (born in León, 1941) is a Spanish pianist. 
Trained in Valencia, he was a disciple of Vlado Perlemuter at the Conservatoire National de Paris. He won the 1965 Viotti Competition in Vercelli and the XI Premio de Jaén (1966); an international concert career ensued. 
Soriano holds a professorship at the Madrid Conservatory since 1972 and is the José Iturbi Competition's artistic director. He is a member of the Real Academia de Bellas Artes de San Fernando since 1988, and has been decorated with the Medalla de Oro al Mérito en las Bellas Artes and the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres.

</doc>
<doc id="19483249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483249" title="Dolphin Sonar">
Dolphin Sonar

Dolphin Sonar is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow. The album is a protest against the annual slaughter of dolphins in Taiji, Japan. Masami Akita is a supporter of Sea Shepherd and "Dolphin Sonar" includes liner notes by founder Paul Watson.
The cover was named one of the worst covers of 2008 by Pitchfork Magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="19483258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483258" title="Porcupine Seabight">
Porcupine Seabight

The Porcupine Seabight is a deep-water basin in the northeastern Atlantic Ocean. Lying south-west of Ireland and south-east of the Porcupine Bank, it measures about north to south by east to west. The feature is shaped roughly like an amphitheatre; to the south-west is the deepest point, approximately below sea level. Beyond the deepest point and south-west of the Porcupine Bank lies the Porcupine Abyssal Plain.
The basin lent its name to Operation Seabight, an Irish drug-bust of November 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19483268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483268" title="Ernest Hatch">
Ernest Hatch

Sir Ernest Frederic George Hatch, 1st Baronet KBE (12 April 1859–17 August 1927) was a British politician.
He was the son of John William Hatch of London and Matilda Augusta Snell of Callington, Cornwall. Following a private education, he went into business as a wine merchant, and in 1894 established Hatch, Mansfield and Company.
Hatch was unsuccessful Conservative parliamentary candidate for the Gorton Division of Lancashire at a by-election in 1889 and at the succeeeding general election in 1892. On his third attempt, in the 1895 election, he was elected as Gorton's MP.
Hatch remained as Conservative member for Gorton until 1904, when his disagreement with Joseph Chamberlain over free trade led to him crossing the floor to the Liberal Party. At the next general election in 1906 he had little support from Liberal activists for his candidature, and accordingly withdrew.
In 1908 he was created a baronet, "of Portland Place, in the Metropolitan Borough of St Marylebone". He was appointed chairman and treasurer of University College Hospital, London
During the First World War he chaired the Government Commission on Belgian Refugees, and was made a commander of the Belgian Order of the Crown. He was also Chairman of Council of the Beyond Seas Association for Reception of Officers and Relatives from beyond the seas, and for this he was appointed Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire (KBE) in the 1920 New Year Honours.
Ernest Hatch married Lady Constance Blanche Godolphin Osborne in 1900, aunt of John Osborne, later Duke of Leeds. They had one daughter, and the baronetcy became extinct on Sir Edward's death in 1927.

</doc>
<doc id="19483270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483270" title="Wilhelm Ernst (chess player)">
Wilhelm Ernst (chess player)

Wilhelm Ernst (25 August 1905, Gelsenkirchen – 23 July 1952, Gelsenkirchen) was a German chess master.
He was a winner at Weidenau 1937. He played several times in German Chess Championship; took second, behind Kurt Richter, at Aachen 1935, took 11th at Bad Oeynhausen 1937 (Georg Kieninger won), took 16th at Bad Oeynhausen 1939 (Erich Eliskases won), tied for 8–11th at Bad Oeynhausen 1941 (Paul Felix Schmidt and Klaus Junge won), tied for 13-14th at Weidenau 1947 (Kieninger won), tied for 12-14th at Essen 1948 (Wolfgang Unzicker won), and shared 11th at Düsseldorf 1951 (Rudolf Teschner won).
Ernst represented Germany in 3rd unofficial Chess Olympiad at Munich 1936, where he won team bronze medal and individual silver medal on first reserve board. In 1940, he lost a match to Kieninger (4 : 6) in Cologne.

</doc>
<doc id="19483277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483277" title="Daytona North, Florida">
Daytona North, Florida

Daytona North is an unincorporated community in Flagler County, Florida, United States. It is located south of State Road 100 and west of County Road 305, west of Bunnell. The community is part of the Palm Coast Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Its population was around 2,000 in 2009.
The lot sizes in the area vary between a half acre to an acre and a half. The community contains a mixture of low to medium income families. Some of the housing structures in the area include single-wide, double-wide and triple-wide trailers; manufactured homes; concrete-stucco homes; and wood-frame homes with vinyl siding. Other than the main county roads, the residential roads in this area are unpaved dirt with the exception of about five streets. There is ample farm land surrounding the area, much of which produces sod and some cattle.
There is a small strip of business along the County Road 305. The businesses includes a gas station on the corner of Mahogany and CR 305, a drive-through convenience store called The Country Cooler, and a small hardware and feed store. The Hidden Trails Park and Community Center is located on Mahogany Boulevard. The park includes a playground, a fitness obstacle course, a basketball court, a volley ball court, and a free water well with filtered water. Weather permitting, the business owners at the corner of C.R. 305 and C.R.302 permit the residents to lay out there wares on tables or blankets; items sold range from old fishing poles to secondhand baby clothes.
There are two churches within the immediate region of Daytona North. The Westside Baptist Church is located on the paved portion of Canal Avenue, which extends off of C.R. 302- Flagler West Community Church is located by the St. Johns Park Volunteer Fire Department off of C.R. 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19483278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483278" title="John Rabb">
John Rabb

John Andrew Rabb (born June 23, 1960, at Los Angeles, California, is a retired American professional baseball player. A catcher, his career extended for 14 seasons (1978–1991), and he spent 108 games in one full season (} and parts of four others (–; ; ) in Major League Baseball, mostly for the San Francisco Giants.
A right-handed batter and thrower, the , Rabb was selected by the Giants in the 11th round of the 1978 Major League Baseball Draft from Washington Preparatory High School. He had a brief trial with the Giants in 1982 after hitting 22 home runs for Triple-A Phoenix, then was returned to the minor leagues to begin 1983. A hot start in the Pacific Coast League — 51 runs batted in, ten homers, and a .343 batting average in 62 games — earned him a June call-up to San Francisco. He backed up regular catcher Bob Brenly for the remainder of 1983 and all of 1984, but hit poorly (.215 in 186 at bats). The Giants traded Rabb to the Atlanta Braves for another catcher, Alex Treviño, prior to the 1985 season. But Rabb spent much of the campaign with the Richmond Braves and got into only three games for Atlanta at the end of the season, plus nine more for 1988 Seattle Mariners, to culminate his MLB career.
In the Majors, Rabb's 46 hits included 12 doubles, one triple and four home runs. But in the minor leagues, he belted 173 home runs (not counting his service in the Triple-A Mexican League), and exceeded the 19-homer mark seven times in a dozen seasons.

</doc>
<doc id="19483297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483297" title="KSWH">
KSWH

KSWH may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19483301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483301" title="TV Moroni">
TV Moroni

TV Moroni (Serbian Cyrillic: ТВ Морони; trans. "TV Morons") was a Serbian New Wave/punk rock band from Belgrade, notable as the participant of the "Artistička radna akcija" project in 1981.
History.
The band consisted of Zoran Cerar (vocals), Aleksandar Aleksandrić (lead guitar), Aleksandar Đukić (rhythm guitar), Zoran Janković (bass) and Mićo Uzelac (drums). Other band members were Srđan Dragojević, and Goran Nikolić, but they did not record anything with the band. 
TV Moroni's two songs, "Moja borba" ("My Struggle") and "Pada noć" ("The Night Is Falling"), were the closing tracks of the "Artistička radna akcija" ("Artistic Work Action") various artist compilation, featuring the second generation of the Belgrade New Wave and punk rock bands. The band also appeared on the first "Ventilator Demo Top 10" show in February 1983 with the song "Tebi dajem sve" ("I Give Everything to You"), but it was never released. After the compilation release, the band disbanded.
After the band's disbandment, Aleksadar Đukić formed the band Nesalomivi in September 1986, and despite having their single "Ja imam ideju" ("I Have an Idea"), a song from the TV Moroni period written by Zoran Cerar and Aleksadar Đukić, released on the ZKP RTLJ compilation "101 otkucaj u ritmu srca vol. 1" and a significant airplay on the Yugoslav radio stations, record labels did not show much interest for the band and in 1989 they disbanded. In 2008, the band reunited and recorded the album "Isti onaj dečak" ("That Same Boy"), released by Dallas Records in 2010.
Srđan Dragojević became a famous movie director and screenplay writer. His greatest success was the 1992 movie "Mi nismo anđeli" and his other notable movies are "Lepa sela, lepo gore", "Dva sata kvalitetnog TV programa" and "Rane". In 1993, he appeared as the author of the Vampiri song "Be-Be", which appeared on the "Mi nismo anđeli" soundtrack. Goran Nikolić played in several bands, including, Džambasovi and Neočekivana Sila Koja Se Iznenada Pojavljuje i Rešava Stvar.
References in pop culture.
In the Srđan Dragojević's movie "" the main character, Marko, is the frontman of the band called TV Moroni, performing a cover version of Animatori hit single "Anđeli nas zovu da im skinemo krila".

</doc>
<doc id="19483310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483310" title="HEC Lausanne">
HEC Lausanne

HEC Lausanne (standing for "Faculté des hautes études commerciales"), also called the Faculty of Business and Economics of the University of Lausanne in English, is the affiliated business school of the University of Lausanne. It offers different programs: two Bachelors of Science, six Masters of Science, all integrated to the Bologna System, executive MBA programs and PhD programs.
The faculty received the AMBA and EQUIS accreditations for the excellence of its teaching. The Financial Times ranked its Master program in Management 20th worldwide, and Master in Finance number 13 worldwide. HEC is also ranked among the Top 10 Business Schools in Europe for its research according to the ranking published by the University of Texas, Dallas.
History.
In 1537, the Academy of Lausanne is founded as a school of theology. In 1890, the Academy of Lausanne receives the status of University and it is within the Faculty of Law that economics is taught. This period is strongly influenced by Léon Walras (1834–1910), the founder of the Lausanne School and creator of the general equilibrium theory. It is also the time of Vilfredo Pareto (1848–1923), famous author of the concept of Pareto efficiency. 
On April 15, 1911, the "Ecole des Hautes Etudes Commerciales" (HEC) is founded by Léon Morf and Georges Paillard within the Faculty of Law. The same year, the school welcomes its 12 first students. Léon Morf, professor of management tools, public accounting, and financial mathematics is its first dean, followed by Georges Paillard.
Over the years, professors like Henri Rieben, founder of the first department of European Integration, François Schaller, President of the Bank Council of the Swiss National Bank from 1986 to 1989, perpetuate the reputation of the school.
Programs.
Undergraduate School.
HEC's Bachelor program is made up of three modules spread over three years and may be completed within a minimum of three years, not counting possible repeats of the first or second years, and up to a maximum of five. From the summer term of the second year onwards, the course syllabus is made up of two choices, each corresponding to one of the two specialised subjects for which HEC awards its two Bachelors of Science (BSc) Degrees:
The two first years of Bachelor are highly selective. HEC's Bachelor program is open to all holders of a Federal Matura School-Leaving Certificate (Swiss highschool degree) or equivalent.
Graduate School.
HEC Lausanne offers the following Masters of Science (MSc) degrees:
HEC Lausanne offers also multidisciplinary Masters program in collaboration with the Faculty of Law and Criminal Justice and the School of Criminal Justice of the University of Lausanne:
PhD Programmes.
HEC Lausanne offers the following doctoral programs (PhD):
Bologna System integration.
Since 2005, HEC Lausanne has integrated the Bologna Process in order to be part of the European higher education area by making academic degree standards and quality assurance standards more comparable and compatible throughout Europe.
Exchange programmes.
True to its international vocation, the faculty has established, in addition to international agreements of the University of Lausanne, a network of preferred collaborations with many partners. Among the faculty agreements, Socrates-Erasmus agreements, bilateral agreements and academic mobility programs in Switzerland, HEC Lausanne counts more than 90 partner universities.
Among them :
Complete list: HEC Lausanne Exchange programs
Research.
HEC Lausanne conducts research activities with a very high level of scientific rigor and with industrially relevant contributions. The research units are:
Access the full list of research activities: "keywords list"
Professional services.
HEC Lausanne offers consulting services in operation management and management strategies. Under the direction of Suzanne De Treville (dean of the business school), a team of consulting students will analyse the production process of companies in order to give feasible solutions to reduce the manufacturing lead times.
More information can be found on the website of HEC Lausanne
Student life.
Student organizations.
The student organizations are omnipresent at HEC Lausanne and represent a real support to the community. These organizations offer diverse activities to students, linking them to the business environment and giving them the opportunity to get involved during their studies. The organizations represented at HEC Lausanne are:
More information can be found on the website of HEC Lausanne
Night life.
With its many nightclubs and bars, Lausanne is well-known to be one of the best cities to go out in the country. Almost every week, one of the many student organizations of the University of Lausanne organizes parties in one of the clubs of the city.
Every year is organized the now famous "Bal HEC"[http://www.balhec.ch], a party usually held at Lausanne Palace, a five stars hotel in town.
Reputation / Rankings.
Accreditation
The faculty received the AMBA and EQUIS Accreditations for the excellency of its teaching.
Rankings
HEC Lausanne is considered a universal business school with major international influence (5 Palms, out of 5) according to Eduniversal. Among the business schools in its category, HEC Lausanne is ranked as follows: 
When considered with all business schools in Switzerland, no matter their category, Eduniversal ranked HEC Lausanne as follows:
The Financial Times Masters in Finance Pre-experience ranked the Master of Science in Finance (Financial Engineering) offered by HEC Lausanne as follows:
The "Top 100 Business School Research Ranking" of the University of Texas ranked HEC Lausanne among the best European business schools:
The "QS Global 200 Business Schools: The Employers’ Choice" ranked HEC Lausanne among the preferred business schools by the international recruiters:
The Financial Times European Business School Rankings ranked HEC Lausanne as follows:
The Financial Times Masters in Management Rankings ranked the MSc in Management offered by HEC Lausanne as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="19483314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483314" title="Dupont, Florida">
Dupont, Florida

Dupont is an unincorporated community in Flagler County, Florida, United States. It is located at the intersection of Dupont Road and US 1 southeast of Bunnell. The community is part of the Palm Coast Metropolitan Statistical Area.

</doc>
<doc id="19483319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483319" title="KSWH-FM">
KSWH-FM

KSWH-FM (91.1FM) is a college radio station licensed to Arkadelphia, Arkansas, USA. The station is currently owned by Henderson State University.
Bobby Bones of the Bobby Bones Show is a notable alumni of the radio station. 

</doc>
<doc id="19483360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483360" title="Cavendish railway station">
Cavendish railway station

Cavendish railway station was a station in Cavendish, Suffolk.

</doc>
<doc id="19483361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483361" title="KHDX">
KHDX

KHDX (93.1 FM) is the student-operated radio station at Hendrix College in Conway, Arkansas, USA. The station and the FCC license belong to the college. The station goes by the moniker "The Ten-Watt Tower of Power".
Facility.
In January 2010, KHDX moved from its long-time home in now-closed Hulen Hall to the college's new Student Life and Technology Center. Because the antenna height was increased, at that time the FCC required the station to lower its power output from 8 Watts to 5 Watts, to compensate for what would have otherwise been an increase in the station's service area.

</doc>
<doc id="19483366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483366" title="Physical art">
Physical art

Physical art, as contrasted with conceptual art, refers to art that concretely exists in physical reality, in space and time. Its ontological status is that it is a physical object. The art is concretely realized but may be abstract in nature. For example a painting, sculpture, or performance exists in the physical world. This is contrasted to conceptual art, some but not all kinds of performance art, computer software, or objects of mathematical beauty, such as a mathematical proof, which do not exist in the mental world or in physical world, but have other ontological status, such as in Plato's world of ideals. Here, the art, may be "realized" in the physical world, such as a mathematical proof written on a chalkboard, but refer to objects that exists in the mind as concepts, not physical objects. A music performance is physical, while the composition, like computer software, is not. 

</doc>
<doc id="19483381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483381" title="Los Cachorros">
Los Cachorros

Los Cachorros ("The Cubs") is a 1973 Mexican film directed by Jorge Fons and written by Fons, Eduardo Lujan, José Emilio Pacheco based upon the novel "The Cubs and Other Stories" by Peruvian writer Mario Vargas Llosa. More depressing than shocking, it tells the story of a group of friends that stand by each other well into adulthood. The film starts innocently enough when young Cuellar (12-years-old) enters a new school. He immediately makes friends with 4-other youngsters. One day after soccer practice while taking a shower, a vicious dog is let loose and it severely mauls him devouring his genitals. He is as a result maimed for life and this novel uses his development into adolescence and later into adulthood to explore the problems he faces. These are both sexual, obviously, but also his lack of hormones very much changes his relationships with his group of close friends and he finds it very hard to come to terms with the fact that they start to get girlfriends, and later, married. Italian title: Eviration - Bramosia Dei Sensi.

</doc>
<doc id="19483404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483404" title="Baltasar Rebelo de Sousa">
Baltasar Rebelo de Sousa

Baltasar Leite Rebelo de Sousa, GCIH (Lisbon, Santos o Velho, April 16, 1921 – Lisbon, December 1, 2002) was a Portuguese politician and former Minister and Member of Parliament and medicine professor.
Background.
He was the only son of António Joaquim Rebelo de Sousa (Cabeceiras de Basto, Pedraça, Paço de Vides, April 8, 1860 – August 7, 1927), a landowner (already a widow of Rosa da Costa, whom he married in Angola and by whom he had five other sons António, Eduardo, Augusto, Álvaro and Óscar Rebelo de Sousa), and second wife Joaquina Leite da Silva (Guimarães, Gandarela, São Clemente, 1896? – April 16, 1975), daughter of Manuel Leite da Silva and wife and relative Deolinda Leite. His paternal grandparents were Manuel Joaquim Rebelo de Sousa, a trader, and wife Feliciana de Jesus, daughter of José Mendes de Magalhães and wife Teresa Dias do Nascimento de Jesus, who were also the parents of Baltasar Joaquim (born in 1859), Rosalinda do Nascimento, Bernardino Joaquim, Joaquim and Valentina do Nascimento Rebelo de Sousa.
Career.
He was a Licentiate in Medicine from the Faculty of Medicine of the University of Lisbon. He graduated with grades of 10 out of 20, the reason why he used to be called by his detractors "Baltazero".
He started his career as a medical doctor.
He was a Subsecretary of State for Education and a National Comissar of the Mocidade Portuguesa. He then became Secretary of State and Minister, Minister of the Corporations and Health, Deputy to the Assembly of the Republic ("Assembleia Nacional"), Vice-President of the Overseas Council, Vice-President of the Acção Nacional Popular, Governor-General of Mozambique, from 1968 until 1970 and where he was still remembered with "saudade" more than thirty years after serving there, and finally the last Minister for the Overseas until the Carnation Revolution. In its aftermath he went to his Ministry where he stood most part of the day and communicate with the rest of the Portuguese Council of Ministers, who were seized in "Quartel do Carmo" ( a military facility in Lisbon). He went to exile in Brazil.
He then became a Professor of Higher Education in São Paulo, São Paulo and the Administrator of a company of the Pirelli Group. He also had an active role in Luso-Brazilian associacions, such as the "Associação Luso-Brasileira", of which he became the Director, also being a member and President of the Curator Council of the Fundação "Luso-Brasileira para o Desenvolvimento dos Países de Língua Portuguesa".
Decorations.
He was a Grand Cross of the Order of Prince Henry (Ordem do Infante Dom Henrique), Grand Cross of the Order of Public Instruction, Grand Cross of the Order of the Southern Cross of Brazil, etc.
Family.
He married in Lisbon in 1942 or about, in a simple ceremony only with two of his friends as Testemonies, in a union not approved by both parents at the time, to Maria das Neves Fernandes Duarte (Covilhã, Conceição, July 30, 1920 – Lisbon, March 8, 2003), daughter of Joaquim das Neves (b. Covilhã, Erada, January 1, 1874) and wife Maria Rosa Fernandes Duarte (b. Covilhã, 1889?); paternal granddaughter of José Antunes das Neves (son of Francisco de Jesus and wife Maria Antunes) and wife Maria Florência (daughter of José Antunes Castanheira and wife Maria Florência), both born and married in Covilhã, Erada; and maternal granddaughter of Manuel Fernandes Duarte and wife Leonor Rosa; they had three children: 

</doc>
<doc id="19483408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483408" title="KASF">
KASF

KASF (90.9 FM) is a low transmission power, college level, educational radio station licensed in Alamosa, Colorado, USA, the station serves part of the San Luis Valley in Colorado. The station is owned by Adams State College.
Translators.
In addition to the main station, KASF is relayed by an additional two translators to widen its broadcast area.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19483409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483409" title="Mary Austin Holley">
Mary Austin Holley

Mary Austin Holley (1784–1846) was an American historical writer best known as the author of the first known English-language history of Texas, "Texas" (1833), expanded in 1836 into "History of Texas". She was a cousin of Stephen F. Austin, who arranged for Holley to receive a land grant on Galveston Bay. Although Holley visited Texas five times (in 1831, 1835, 1838, 1840, and 1843), she was never able to afford to move there.

</doc>
<doc id="19483416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483416" title="Gorelovo">
Gorelovo

Gorelovo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19483430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483430" title="Tom Arthur">
Tom Arthur

Tom Arthur (10 January 1906 – 1 November 1986) was a Welsh international rugby union lock who played club rugby for Neath and was capped 18 times for Wales. A tough second row forward with a strong physique, Arthur was often criticised for being over-vigorous. Though his style of play was fairly typical for Welsh rugby at the time.
Arthur was also a strong scummager and was adaptable in the open and was excellent in the line-out. His signature move was his line-out 'flip', where he would grab the ball one handed and guide it to his waiting scrum-half.
International rugby career.
Arthur joined Neath from Glynneath RFC in 1923, and made his debut for the club in a game against Pontypool in December that year. After consistent good play for Neath, he showed promise in Welsh trials and was selected to the national squad in 1927 to face Scotland as part of the Five Nations Championship. Wales lost the game, but Arthur was reselected to face both France and Ireland in the later stages of the same tournament. The Welsh forwards were terrible in the game against Ireland and their eight man pack was outclassed by the seven man Irish pack. Arthur was dropped for the next season, but after an outstanding Neath season, he was back for the 1929 Five Nations Championship.
Arthur was well known for his aggressive style of play, and this was shown in two matches against in France. In 1929, Arthur scored a try for Wales at the Cardiff Arms Park and three French players were knocked out in the tackle to save the try. The next year at a game at the Stade Colombes, the mood and the match turned nasty with the French using fist and boot to subdue the Welsh team. The trouble started when Welsh full back Tommy Scourfield cleared a loose ball to touch only for the chasing French player to run over and punch him. Arthur and fellow second row, Aberavon's Ned Jenkins had to pack down in the front row due to the oversized French props, and after one scrummage, Welsh hooker Bert Day was kicked in the mouth by a French lock and required nine stitches. Arthur retaliated on the French pack, but mistook one of the props for the offending lock. This escalated into running fist fights throughout the match, and when Wales left the pitch, they were pelted by rubber cushions from the crowd.
In 1931 Arthur was capped to face the touring South Africans. He had been part of the joint Neath / Aberavon team that had faced the Springboks at the Gnoll in November. The tourist were lucky to win the match after a dubious last minute try, and when Arthur was picked for Wales he did so with two other players from the same match, Ned Jenkins and Arthur Lemon. Although he was dropped for the 1932 season, Arthur was back for the 1933 Home Nations Championship, playing against England and Scotland.
International matches played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="19483441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483441" title="KSRX">
KSRX

KSRX (97.5 FM) is a radio station licensed to Sterling, Colorado, USA. The station is owned by Media Logic LLC.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19483465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483465" title="Plaza Bridge (Ottawa)">
Plaza Bridge (Ottawa)

The Plaza Bridge in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada is an automotive and pedestrian bridge that crosses the Rideau Canal just south of the Ottawa locks. It joins Wellington Street and Elgin Street in Centretown to the west with Rideau Street to the east. The Chateau Laurier abuts the bridge at the east end, while Parliament Hill is just beyond the west end. It is the northernmost bridge over the canal, just north of the Mackenzie King Bridge.
The bridge is constructed of three masonry spans. The western span is over a roadway along the western bank of the Canal. The central span is over the Canal. The eastern span is over a former railway tunnel running along the east bank of the Canal.
History.
Sappers Bridge.
Sappers Bridge was one of Ottawa's first bridges (Bytown at the time), built in 1827 over the Rideau Canal connecting Rideau Street in Lower Town with Upper Town. The bridge got its name from the builders, the Royal Sappers and Miners. It was demolished in mid 1912. The current Plaza Bridge connecting Rideau Street with Wellington Street near the Rideau Centre stands roughly in its location.
Construction.
On September 26, Dalhousie presented Colonel By, (overseer of the construction of the Rideau Canal) with a letter authorizing him to divide the land into lots, and sod was turned. Construction of the canal's entrance took place in 1827, dividing Upper Town from Lower town.
Colonel By laid the cornerstone. Construction proceeded in September 1827 and was finished in December. The stone arch bridge was constructed by 15th Company of the Royal Sappers and Miners. The eastern end connected directly to Rideau Street, and its western side joined with a wagon trail that winded its way to where it met Wellington and Bank. The land east of Bank Street had been acquired from Nicholas Sparks by the military, who returned it to him in late 1849, where he commenced its development. Thereafter, Sappers Bridge became connected directly to Sparks Street.
The bridge was modified in the early 1870s with the construction of the Dufferin Bridge. Around the turn of the century, a hole was blasted in Sappers Bridge to allow for rail traffic to pass. A railway station (predating Union Station) was built east of the Rideau Canal, immediately south of the bridge. With the completion of the Alexandra Bridge rail traffic passed from this station onto Hull.
Demolition.
Between 1910 and 1912, the area saw a lot of construction, principally the construction of the Union Station and the Chateau Laurier, as well as the need to move railway traffic along the Rideau Canal's eastern side, under the bridge bypassing the west side of the Chateau Laurier and continuing on towards the Royal Alexandra Interprovincial Bridge. The bridge itself was part of this new centralized railway station.
By late July 1912, the bridge was demolished to allow for the development of Connaught Place (now Confederation Square) In 1915, two of its stones were placed on the site of Colonel By's home in Major's Hill Park.
Dufferin Bridge.
The Dufferin Bridge was built in the early 1870s, forming a triangle with the existing Sappers Bridge. In 1912, both the Sappers Bridge and the Dufferin Bridge were demolished in favour of Connaught Place, today part of Confederation Square.
Plaza Bridge.
The Plaza Bridge was originally two bridges across the Canal, the Sappers Bridge and the Dufferin Bridge. Construction on the new Plaza Bridge was finished by December 1912.
Several buildings, including the Russell Hotel and Ottawa's first City Hall, existed in the place of today's National War Memorial. In the 1930s, the memorial was erected and Elgin Street was re-routed around the Cenotaph, southbound traffic along the west side of the square, and the northbound section along the path of the southern bridge. The bridge was also widened at that time. In the 1990s, the bridge structure was renovated, adding an extra access to the canal via a staircase in the area between the original two bridges.

</doc>
<doc id="19483483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483483" title="The Singles (Edguy album)">
The Singles (Edguy album)

The Singles is a compilation album by German power metal band Edguy. It features all singles (with the exception of the song "Reach Out") from the EP's "King Of Fools", "Lavatory Love Machine" and "Superheroes" on a single disc. The compilation was released on 17 November 2008, the same day as Edguy's eighth studio album, "Tinnitus Sanctus".

</doc>
<doc id="19483488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483488" title="Vinland (disambiguation)">
Vinland (disambiguation)

Vinland was the name given to an area of North America by the Norsemen, about the year 1000 CE.
Vinland may also refer to:
Other places.
In the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="19483498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483498" title="Sergei Dorensky">
Sergei Dorensky

Sergei Dorensky (born 1931) is a Russian pianist.
He was trained under Grigory Ginsburg at the Moscow Conservatory. Dorensky was awarded a Gold Medal at the 5th World Festival of Youth and Students and the 1957 Rio de Janeiro Competition's 2nd Prize, which allowed him to perform throughout Western Europe and America. 
That same year he was appointed a teacher at the Moscow Conservatory, where he held a professorship from 1978 until 1997. He was named a People's Artist of Russia in 1989, and was decorated the Order of Friendship eight years later. He is the Russian Fryderyk Chopin and Sergey Rachmaninov Societies' vice-president.

</doc>
<doc id="19483509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483509" title="Takla">
Takla

Takla may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19483514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483514" title="1953–54 Huddersfield Town F.C. season">
1953–54 Huddersfield Town F.C. season

Huddersfield Town's 1953-54 campaign is Town's best ever finish in a season since World War II. Following the previous season's promotion onslaught, Town and especially Jimmy Glazzard made sure that the previous season's achievements weren't forgotten in a hurry. They finished in 3rd place in Division 1 with 51 points, just 6 points behind the champions Wolverhampton Wanderers. The goalscoring feats of Jimmy Glazzard, who scored 29 goals and the assistance of Vic Metcalfe, who himself scored 11 goals helped Town finish in their highest post-war finish to date.
Review.
Andy Beattie's team were on an all-time high following their immediate return to Division 1 after just one season in Division 2. The start of the season continued where the previous season left off and after 4 games, Town were top of the table with 3 wins, including a 5-1 win over Portsmouth, where Jimmy Glazzard got the first of his 3 hat-tricks that he would achieve during the season. His other 2 came in the space of 3 matches against Sheffield United and Aston Villa.
The team's performances kept them up in the upper realms of the division, with the chance of winning the title, not being too unrealistic. The season ground to a halt near the end, when Vic Metcalfe was forced to miss the last 7 games of the season and many say this was the reason that Town failed to win the title for the first time in 28 years. They did however finish 3rd, just 6 points behind Wolverhampton Wanderers, who Town actually beat in their penultimate game of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="19483521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483521" title="In the Nude">
In the Nude

In the Nude is the third album released by Luther Campbell. It was released on July 12, 1993 for Luke Records and was produced by Mike "Fresh" McCray and John "Swift" Catalon. In the Nude was another success for Luke, making it #54 on the Billboard 200 and #8 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. The album contained several diss tracks towards Luke's then rival, Dr. Dre, most notably "Cowards in Compton" featuring JT Money (who was the vocalist on "Fakin' Like Gangsters", the song from the previous album "I Got Shit On My Mind" that was mistaken by Dr. Dre as an attack on him) and Clayvoisie. Tweedy Bird Loc, Stank, J, Lil Leak and 4-Clips, dissed Luke for dissing Compton.
"In The Nude" is the first Luke solo album to be released independently without major-label distribution, particularly after they severed their ties with Atlantic Records the year before.

</doc>
<doc id="19483522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483522" title="Achindrean">
Achindrean

Achindrean (Gaelic: Achadh an Dreaghainn) is a village in Ross-shire in Highland region and is in the Scottish council area of the Highland. Scotland. 

</doc>
<doc id="19483546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483546" title="Volkovsky">
Volkovsky

Volkovsky (masculine), Volkovskaya (feminine), or Volkovskoye (neuter) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19483567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483567" title="Body Double (novel)">
Body Double (novel)

Body Double is a 2004 novel written by Tess Gerritsen, the fourth book of the Maura Isles/Jane Rizzoli series.
Plot.
Returning to Boston from a business trip in Paris, Maura Isles encounters delays at Charles de Gaulle Airport, and finds upon landing in Boston that the airline has lost her luggage. When she finally makes it home, she finds her house taped off as a crime scene—and is surprised to see Jane Rizzoli (now about 8-months-pregnant) and Rizzoli's partner Barry Frost there. Rizzoli does a double-take on seeing Maura, and directs her attention to a white Ford Taurus in her driveway. There, Maura finds the body of a woman who looks identical to her—and also shares the same birthday.
When the body is taken in to the medical examiner's office, Maura takes a tissue sample from the dead woman, and one from herself and asks Rizzoli to take them for DNA testing. The woman is found to have been killed by a 'Black Talon' bullet.
Meanwhile, Matilda Hayes, the almost-9-months-pregnant wife of a BMW dealership manager, visits the dealership after an OB-GYN appointment—and is belittled by her husband (who she had married when she was two months pregnant) for ruining the tires. When she goes home, she finds she is not alone—and is struck unconscious when thinking the other to be her husband, she calls his name.
Newton police detective Rick Ballard tells Maura that he believes that a CEO of a pharmaceutical company is the murderer, due to the latter's obsessive lust over the deceased woman, Anna Leoni (on her driver's license, the name was recorded as Jessop). Maura's curiosity is aroused further when Rizzoli hands her DNA results showing that the deceased is her identical-twin sister. The trail then leads to Maine, where the remains of several murder victims (mostly pregnant women, but including some men) are found. A check of the FBI database over forty years reveals a possible pattern circumnavigating the US. Maura eventually finds that her mother, Amalathea Lank, has been jailed for two murders, one of a 9-months-pregnant woman. Eventually, she also traces that Amalathea and her cousin Elijah (whom she eventually married) had been killing women who were just about to deliver and then taking out the babies and selling them. She also finds that Ballard was in love with Anna, and that he also likes her very much (Maura is also attracted to him).
Matilda wakes up in a coffin-like box, and tries to plead with the kidnapper to release her—only to realise that he is not interested in the money. She plans her escape, saving torch batteries for use as a weapon. Eventually, when the kidnapper gets close, Mattie stuns him with the batteries (which she has wrapped into a sock) and flees into a toolshed; when the kidnapper pursues, she hits him again with the battery-filled sock and stabs him with a screwdriver. The stress of the pursuit, however, brings on labour and the police later find her nursing her daughter and take both to hospital. The killer is revealed to be Maura's younger brother Samuel (their father, Elijah, had died prior to the murders for which Amalathea was caught—due to a gas station's security video).
However, the investigation of Anna Leoni's murder appears to have hit a dead-end, as no firearm was found on Samuel. Rizzoli then finds an old police report on a previous slaying involving 'Black Talons'--and seeing the endnotes, summons Frost to help protect Maura. Meeting Rick in her car, Maura is about to kiss him when he is murdered by his ex-wife Carmen. Carmen confesses to having killed Anna and shoots Maura, wounding her. After Carmen shoots Maura, she is fatally shot by a parking-lot security guard and then Rizzoli.
Literary significance and reception.
Booklist called this a "taut thriller", Publishers Weekly said that the "startling twists, the revelation of ghoulishly practical motives and a nail biting finale make this Gerritsen's best to date". Entertainment Weekly was not as impressed saying "the face-offs between Isles and her killer mom — which should have smacked of The Silence of the Lambs — fall flat. Body works the brain a bit, but unfortunately leaves the nerves intact." Bestseller agreed saying that "Body Double is one to stay away from."

</doc>
<doc id="19483590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483590" title="Annapoorna Kini">
Annapoorna Kini

Annapoorna Kini, M.D., is an American cardiologist and a Professor of Cardiology at Mount Sinai School of Medicine in New York City.
Dr. Kini performs over 1,000 coronary interventions annually (the highest number by a female interventionalist in the United States) with an extremely low complication rate of less than 0.3 percent. In 2011, an official annual report from The Department of Health recognized Dr. Kini as the safest operator among 350 other physicians in the state of New York.
Biography.
Dr. Annapoorna Kini serves as a Professor of Medicine, Director of Cardiac Catheterization Laboratory and Director of interventional cardiology fellowship at The Mount Sinai Medical Center. Dr. Kini is an international leader in the field of percutaneous coronary intervention and heart valve therapy.
In collaboration with Dr. Sharma, she started the Live Symposium of Complex Coronary and Vascualr Cases in 1998 and has been receiving an astounding success every year. Her achievements are not only limited to serving as the Director of the Annual Live Symposium of Complex Coronary & Vascular Cases at The Mount Sinai Medical Center, one of the most attended and respected meetings in the field of interventional cardiology in the country, but as also being the Director of monthly web conferences on Live Complex Coronary Intervention Cases hosted by the prestigious www.cardiosource.org with a worldwide audience of several thousand physicians. 
She has an extensive experience with the techniques of mitral and aortic balloon valvuloplasty, and has been among the first interventional cardiologists in the country to use transcutaneous aortic valve implantation procedure in the treatment of unoperable patients with critical aortic stenosis.
She is co-author (with Dr. Samin K. Sharma) of "Coronary artherectomy: Contemporary concepts in cardiology" and (with Dr. Valentin Fuster) of "Definitions of acute coronary syndromes" in "Hurst's The Heart".
Education.
Kini graduated from India's Vivekananda College in 1984. She received her MBBS from Kasturba Medical College in 1991, completing residencies at the University of Wales College of Medicine (in 1996). She completed three fellowships at Mount Sinai Medical Center – in 1997, 2001, and 2002, respectively.
Personal Life.
Annapoorna Kini currently resides in New York and is married with two children. One is a freshman at Columbia University, and has expressed interest in becoming an investment banker. In her free time, Kini enjoys racquetball and recreational jazz dancing.
Publications.
"Partial list:"

</doc>
<doc id="19483623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483623" title="Alexandre Rey">
Alexandre Rey

Alexandre Rey (born 22 September 1972) is a Swiss former footballer who played as a striker during the 1990s and 2000s. He is best known for his spells at Servette FC and Neuchâtel Xamax.
Career.
Rey began playing professionally in 1991 with FC Sion, helping the club win the Swiss Cup in 1991 and the League in 1992 before moving to FC Basel in 1994. He spent just two seasons at Basel and returned to Sion ahead of the 1996/97 season. Although he was a success during his first spell at the club, Rey struggled to win a place in the starting eleven, playing just five games in six months, and left for Servette FC in January 1997. He was a major hit at Servette, playing the best football of his career and earning a call-up to the Switzerland squad. After making 132 appearances and scoring 54 goals for the club, Rey left to join FC Lucerne in January 2001. He signed for Neuchâtel Xamax the following January and proved to be a good signing as he went on to score almost fifty goals for the club before his retirement in 2006.
Alexandre Rey was capped 18 times for the Swiss national team, scoring five goals. He made his international debut as a substitute against Hungary at the Ferenc Puskás Stadium in Budapest on 18 November 1998. He went on to make another fourteen appearances for Switzerland between then and 2001 when he was no longer included in the squad. He made a comeback to the national team when he replaced the suspended Alexander Frei and scored a hat-trick in the match against the Faroe Islands on 4 September 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19483663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483663" title="Elena Vaytsekhovskaya">
Elena Vaytsekhovskaya

Elena Vaytsekhovskaya (born 1958) is a former Soviet diver and Olympic champion. She competed at the 1976 Olympic Games in Montreal, where she received a gold medal in platform diving.
Since 1991 she has worked as a sports journalist for Sport-Express, and is considered one of the best sports journalists in Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="19483676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483676" title="Tarkesh">
Tarkesh

Tarkesh or Tarkash or Terkesh (), also rendered as Tirkesh, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19483712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483712" title="Drummonds (TV series)">
Drummonds (TV series)

Drummonds was a 1985 British television series set in a boarding school for boys during the mid-1950s. It was produced for the ITV Network by London Weekend Television and ran for two seasons between 1985 and 1987. It starred Richard Pasco as the school's headmaster, George Drummond.
The series was filmed at Amesbury School in Surrey, England.

</doc>
<doc id="19483767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483767" title="George Wallace's 1963 Inaugural Address">
George Wallace's 1963 Inaugural Address

George Wallace's 1963 Inaugural Address was delivered January 14, 1963, following his election as Governor of Alabama. Wallace at this time in his career was an ardent segregationist, and as Governor he challenged the attempts of the federal government to enforce laws prohibiting segregation in Alabama's public schools and other institutions. The speech is most famous for the phrase "segregation now, segregation tomorrow, segregation forever" which became a rallying cry for those opposed to integration and the Civil Rights Movement. Wallace would later in life apologize for his unabashed racism and segregationist policies.
Background.
Prior to his first campaign for governor in 1958, George Wallace served as a member of the Alabama House of Representatives and later as judge in the Third Judicial Circuit Court. During this time Wallace was known as a moderate on racial issues, and was associated with the progressive, liberal faction of Alabama politics. During the 1958 gubernatorial campaign Wallace spoke out against the Ku Klux Klan, and although he endorsed segregation his centrist views won him the support of the NAACP. In contrast, his opponent John Patterson accepted the endorsement of the Ku Klux Klan and made racial issues a major part of his campaign.
Previous Alabama governors had run successfully on moderate platforms similar to the one Wallace adopted in 1958. However the growing civil rights movement, especially the Montgomery Bus Boycott three years earlier, had left white Alabamans feeling "under siege", and Patterson won the race for governor by a large margin. After his defeat, Wallace determined that in order to be elected governor he would have to change his position on racial issues, telling one of his campaign officials "I was out-niggered by John Patterson. And I'll tell you here and now, I will never be out-niggered again."
1962–63 Campaign and Inaugural Address.
Wallace's new stance on racial issues became apparent in 1959, when he was the only local circuit court judge who refused to turn over voting records to a federal commission investigating discrimination against black voters. Threatened with jail, Wallace eventually complied and released the registration documents; however his defiance earned him notoriety and signaled his new political position. Opposition to black voter registration efforts would become a part of his platform when Wallace ran for governor in 1962.
During that campaign Wallace blamed integration for increases in crime and unemployment, as well as racial disturbances in other states. Asa Carter, founder of a local Ku Klux Klan organization, was hired as a speechwriter for Wallace's campaign. Carter became a key member of Wallace's staff, resulting in "a new, fiery, hard-hitting style of campaigning". Due to his connection to acts of racial violence, Carter was kept in the background during the campaign; however his speeches proved to be popular among Wallace supporters. Wallace's racial politicking and support of segregation resonated with Alabama voters and in 1962 he was elected governor, receiving more votes than any previous Alabama gubernatorial candidate.
After his election, Wallace wanted to make it clear he intended to keep his campaign promise to fight against integration. Carter spent several weeks writing the inaugural address, and on January 14, 1963 after taking the oath of office Wallace delivered it from the portico of the Alabama State Capitol. This was the exact place where Jefferson Davis had been sworn in as the President of the Confederate States of America, a fact which was pointedly noted in the speech.
During the speech Wallace declared: 
Both Carter and Wallace realized that would be the phrase for which his speech would be remembered. The "tyranny" Wallace referred to was his way of characterizing the federal government's attempts at integration in Alabama. This was one of the central themes of his speech—that by implementing desegregation laws and policies the federal government was oppressing the people of Alabama and depriving them of their rights. During his term as governor, Wallace would receive national attention as he continued to frame segregation as a states' rights issue, and integration as something imposed upon the South by the federal government.
The speech also presented the case that racial differences were similar to political or religious differences. Wallace argued that people had "racial or cultural freedom" which gave them the right to live in a culture of segregation, in the same way they had freedom to choose their political party and religious denomination. The "great freedom of our American founding fathers," Wallace claimed, was that "each race, within its own framework has the freedom to teach, to instruct, to develop, to ask for and receive deserved help from others of separate racial stations."
Reactions.
The racially charged rhetoric in his inaugural address secured Wallace's base of support in Alabama. It also gave him national headlines; "The New York Times", "Time Magazine", and "Newsweek" all covered Wallace's speech. Wallace's national profile would continue to grow during his first year in office, and in the fall of 1963 he capitalized on his prominence by announcing his candidacy for U.S. President.
Although popular with his supporters, the sentiments expressed in Wallace's inaugural address drew criticism from proponents of civil rights as well as those who viewed direct opposition to the federal government as a strategy that was unlikely to be successful. Richmond Flowers, Alabama's newly elected Attorney General, warned that to disobey federal orders "can only bring disgrace upon our state". Business leaders worried that politicians were creating a national image of Alabama as a place of "reaction, rebellion and riots, of bigotry, bias and backwardness".
Many who supported desegregation saw Wallace's speech as "indefensibly racist and demagogic". Civil rights leader John Lewis later recalled that upon hearing the inaugural address "That day, my heart sank. I knew his defense of 'states' rights' was really a defense of the status quo in Alabama." Civil rights demonstrators marching in Alabama later that year showed their opposition to Wallace and his policies of segregation by chanting "Ol’ Wallace, you never can jail us all. Ol’ Wallace, segregation is bound to fall."
Martin Luther King, Jr. responded to Wallace's inaugural address by a series of speeches. In the first three months of 1963 he traveled to 16 different cities, speaking about the need to take action against the injustices of segregation. Later that year King gave his historic I Have A Dream speech in front of the Lincoln Memorial. The only person identified in that speech is Wallace: 
King's vision of a positive future was a sharp contrast from Wallace's demand to prolong the discrimination which had long prevented many Americans from exercising their civil rights. King portrayed segregation and its supporting rationale of states' right as relics of the past which would not exist in America's future. This view was reinforced in 1965 when King delivered a speech in front of the Alabama State Capitol in which he directly replied to Wallace's call for continued segregation, saying he believed "segregation is on its death bed in Alabama, and the only thing uncertain about it is how costly Wallace and the segregationists will make the funeral."
Legacy.
Journalist Bob Ingram recalls that when Wallace first saw the "segregation now, segregation tomorrow, segregation forever" line which Carter had written for his inaugural address, Wallace was pleased, saying "I like that line. I like it, and I’m going to use it." However, later in life Wallace changed his views on segregation and came to regret his famous phrase, calling it his "biggest mistake".
Regardless of his feelings at the time, the sentiments expressed in his inaugural address were blamed for creating "a climate that allowed for violent reprisals against those seeking to end racial discrimination." Wallace's defiant endorsement of segregation proved to be his most memorable piece of political rhetoric and demonstrated the fierce opposition facing the Civil Rights Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="19483784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483784" title="Martina Jäschke">
Martina Jäschke

Martina Jäschke (born 6 May 1960 in Merseburg) is a German diver and Olympic champion. She competed at the 1980 Olympic Games in Moscow, where she received a gold medal in "platform".

</doc>
<doc id="19483794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483794" title="Carita Holmström">
Carita Holmström

Carita Elisabeth Holmström (born February 10, 1954 Helsinki) is a Finnish pianist, singer and songwriter. She has written and played jazz and classical music during her career. She represented Finland in the Eurovision Song Contest 1974 with the song "Keep Me Warm" finishing 13th.

</doc>
<doc id="19483824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483824" title="Joseph Petracca">
Joseph Petracca

Joseph Petracca (December 16, 1913 – September 28, 1963) was an American novelist, short story writer, screenwriter, and television writer of Italian descent. Born and raised in Brooklyn, New York, Petracca moved to Los Angeles after the end of World War II (during which time he worked as a machinist in the Brooklyn Navy Yard) and worked a series of full-time jobs, mainly as a steam press operator for a laundry and linen rental service, while he pursued his writing in the evenings and began raising a family with his wife Lena. In the early fifties Petracca began publishing fiction in the popular magazines of the day. Throughout the fifties Petracca wrote and collaborated on numerous films for such studios as 20th Century Fox and Paramount Pictures and in the sixties wrote episodes for such television shows as The Untouchables, Rawhide and Route 66 (TV series). Petracca is survived by a daughter, Frances Petracca, a neuroscientist and AIDS researcher, and a son, novelist and university Lecturer Emeritus Michael Petracca.
Fiction.
Petracca had early success as a writer of short stories for magazines such as Collier's Weekly and The Saturday Evening Post. Many of his stories featured a fictional Italian-American family, the Espositos, loosely based upon Petracca’s own family. Narrated by one of the Esposito children, Joey, these stories centered on themes of poverty, cultural alienation, and the joyful resiliency of family. Petracca used this same fictional family as the centerpiece for his first novel, "Come Back to Sorrento", published by Little, Brown and Company in the United States, and Victor Gollancz in London, in 1953.
Film.
One of Petracca’s short prose pieces, "Something For the Birds,"- a proto-environmentalist comedy focusing on the plight of the California Condor - was purchased by 20th Century Fox studios in the same year as the release of "Come Back to Sorrento," and Petracca co-authored the screenplay with Alvin M. Josephy [http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0430770/. The film version of "Something for the Birds" was directed by Robert Wise. Petracca was subsequently hired by Fox studios as a contract writer and for the next several years wrote and collaborated on numerous screenplays, including Seven Cities of Gold (1955) and The Proud Ones [http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0049639/ (1956). Subsequent to his tenure at Fox, Petracca continued writing and collaborating on screenplays through the end of the fifties, with such titles as The Jayhawkers! (1959) and The Proud Rebel [http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0052097/] (1958), starring Alan Ladd, Olivia de Havilland, Dean Jagger and John Carradine, and directed by Michael Curtiz.
In the sixties, Petracca turned mainly to writing for television, although he did collaborate with novelist and long-time friend John Fante on a motion picture, The Reluctant Saint (1962), based upon the story of 17th century Saint Joseph of Cupertino, who, according to legend, had the gift of levitation (paranormal). That film starred Maximilian Schell in the title role and was directed by Edward Dmytryk.
Television.
Prior to his death from cancer in 1963, Petracca wrote or collaborated on such television projects as (1960), seven episodes of The Untouchables, (1959-1961), The Asphalt Jungle (1961), Route 66 (TV series), Sam Benedict [http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0055703/ (1962), Rawhide (1962-1963), and The Richard Boone Show (1963).

</doc>
<doc id="19483846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483846" title="302d Air Division">
302d Air Division

The 302 Air Division is an inactive United States Air Force Division. Its last assignment was with Air Defense Command, assigned to Fourteenth Air Force, being stationed at Marietta AAB, Georgia. It was inactivated on 27 June 1949.
Subordinate units of the 302d wing carried cargo and passengers within Great Britain and, later, to and from continental Europe, beginning in December 1943. Cargo included medical supplies and whole blood, and materiel such as gasoline, helmets, bayonets, belly tanks, ammunition, clothing, Signal Corps equipment, and even telephone poles. Passengers included war correspondents, entertainers, general officers, enlisted personnel, pilots, German prisoners, Allied ex prisoners of war, and wounded personnel, both Allied and enemy.
In February 1945, the wing assumed the additional mission of ferrying aircraft. In fulfilling this mission, the wing ferried B-17s, B-24s, B-26s, A-20s, P-51s, C-109s, and numerous other models within the European theater of operations.
A Reserve wing December 1946 – June 1949, it was redesignated later in inactive status as a division.
Components.
Groups
Squadrons

</doc>
<doc id="19483856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483856" title="Gaudi Afternoon">
Gaudi Afternoon

Gaudi Afternoon is a 2001 comedy film based on Barbara Wilson's detective novel and directed by Susan Seidelman. The film focuses on an expatriate American book translator (Judy Davis) living in Barcelona, Spain, who is hired by a mysterious woman, Frankie, Marcia Gay Harden to locate her missing husband so he can sign some important papers. Nothing Frankie says is true: the husband turns out to be a woman, the issue isn't legal papers but a child's custody, and even Frankie's most obvious identity, in red cape and red pumps, is a false front. But Cassandra keeps at it, at first to earn her promised fee, and then to help Frankie, then Frankie's ex, then the child. Along the way, this solitary and somewhat disconnected and bewildered writer frees herself to finish a novel and re-establish a broken relationship with her her own past. The film’s cast includes Lili Taylor, Juliette Lewis, Christopher Bowen and Courtney Jines.
Barbara Wilson's novel is the winner of a British Crime Writers' Award for Best Mystery Based in Europe and a Lambda Literary Award. The story is a high-spirited comic adventure that works issues of sexual politics into a madcap plot. The city of Barcelona is a lively party to the film and book's action.
"Gaudi Afternoon" was the Opening Night screening at the 25th San Francisco International Gay and Lesbian Film Festival. It was selected as the Closing Night film for the New York LGBT Film Festival, the Western and Southern Australian Gay and Lesbian Film Festival, the Miami International Gay and Lesbian Film Festival and the Sydney Women of the World International Film Festival. It also played at Outfest, Seattle International Film Festival and the Mar Del Plata International Film Festival, among many other venues.
In 2002, the film had a theatrical release in Europe, South Africa, Australia and Japan. After a short run in New York City, it played on TV and DVD in the US.

</doc>
<doc id="19483858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483858" title="Korona, Florida">
Korona, Florida

Korona is an unincorporated community in Flagler County, Florida, United States. It is located north northeast of Favoretta on US 1 south of Bunnell. The community is part of the Palm Coast Metropolitan Statistical Area.

</doc>
<doc id="19483865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483865" title="Transparental">
Transparental

Transparental is the ninth solo album by Dutch guitarist Jan Akkerman, released in 1980. It appeared under the name "Jan Akkerman and Kaz Lux".

</doc>
<doc id="19483878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483878" title="Zhang Haitao">
Zhang Haitao

Zhang Haitao (; born April 11, 1970 in Jinan, Shandong, China) is a Chinese football coach and a former player. He would spend his whole career with the Shandong Team before he retired and moved into youth management with the Shandong Luneng Youth team. He would then move into senior management with the Chinese Women football team before returning to Shandong where he is the current assistant manager.
Playing career.
Born into a respectable family, Haitao was able to go to University while still playing and for the Shandong youth team. In 1989 he would eventually graduate to the senior team and play as defender in his first season, however he would actually see his team get relegated when Shandong finished 7th in the league. After several rough seasons where Shandong spent much of their time in the lower leagues Zhang gained significant playing time which would aid him when Shangdong would eventually become a professional football team in 1994 and allowed entry to the top tier. With another chance to play in the top tier Zhang helped Shandong to finish the season in a respectable 5th at the end of the 1994 league season despite missing much of it through severe injury to his right knee. Despite missing much of the following season he was able to help Shandong finish a respectable 6th and achieve his greatest playing moment when he would helped Shandong win the 1995 Chinese FA Cup. Zhang would retire from football by the end of the 1998 league season after being unable to fully recover from his knee damage and was given the chance to manage the Shandong Luneng Youth team in December 1998.
Coach career.
China Women National Soccer Team.
After spending several years training as a manager with the Shandong Luneng Youth team where he was considered a talented young coach able to speak fluent English he was offered the chance to be head coach of the China Women's national team in 2003 ready for 2004 Olympics at Athens. His time as the Head Coach however was not successful as China were unable to get out of the group stages after a heavy defeat to Germany, which saw them lose 8-0. This effectively saw Zhang Haitao to leave his position as the head coach once the tournament finished.

</doc>
<doc id="19483882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483882" title="Mental world">
Mental world

The mental world is an ontological category in metaphysics, populated by nonmaterial mental objects, without physical extension (though possibly with mental extension as in a visual field, or possibly not, as in an olfactory field) contrasted with the physical world of space and time populated with physical objects, or Plato's world of ideals populated, in part, with mathematical objects. 
The mental world may be populated with, or framed with, intentions, sensory fields, and corresponding objects.
The mental world is usually considered to be subjective and not objective.
In psychologism, mathematical objects are mental objects.
Descartes argued for a mental world as separate from the physical world. Debates regarding free will include how it could be possible for anything in the mental world to have an effect on the physical world. In various forms of Epiphenomenalism, the physical world can cause effects in the mental world, but not conversely. Behaviorists deny that a mental world can be meaningfully referred to.

</doc>
<doc id="19483886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483886" title="Pat Buck">
Pat Buck

Patrick Buckridge (born December 24, 1984) is an American professional wrestler, better known by the ring name Pat Buck. He competes for several promotions on the independent circuit, including Derby City Wrestling, Ohio Championship Wrestling and Ohio Valley Wrestling. Buckridge is a co-owner of the Pro Wrestling Syndicate promotion.
Career.
Early career.
Buckridge's early career from 2003 to 2005 was under the ring name "Ru Starr" and spent in firstly New York Wrestling Connection and then simultaneously in New England Championship Wrestling.
Ohio Valley Wrestling (2006).
Entering Ohio Valley Wrestling (OVW) in November 2005 and adopting the new ring name of "Pat Buck", he faced Mark Henry in his first OVW appearance and lost to him in less than a minute. Early the next year, Buck lost matches to Elijah Burke, Ryan Reeves and Mikey Batts. On March 11, he also lost to Jack Bull in a six-way match involving Discord, Charles Evans, Luis Almodovar and Mikey Batts. That same month, Buck began wrestling as The Erotic Erraticator whose ring style and in-ring persona was modeled after Adrian Adonis.
Teaming with Robbie Dawber and Jack Bull, Buck faced teams including The Highlanders, The Riggs Brothers and Cody Runnels and Elijah Burke in dark matches on OVW television. On June 5, he and Shawn Spears unsuccessfully took on Roadkill and Chet the Jet. Two weeks later at a June 16 "Six Flags Show", he teamed with Jack Bull, Rahim, and Deuce 'n Domino in a 10-man tag team match against Cody Runnels, Kasey James, Roadkill, Mo, and Chet the Jet. Buck's team lost when he was pinned by Roadkill.
During the next two months, he teamed with Jack Bull and Shad Gaspard and also lost to Chet the Jet, Mike Mizanin and Chuck Evans in single matches. On July 12, he and Shawn Spears lost to The Untouchables and to Charles Evans a week later at separate OVW television tapings. On August 5, he defeated Scott Cardinal and, at a "Six Flags Show" several days later, he participated in an 18-man battle royal including Bull, Gaspard, Burke, Lennox Lightfoot, Ranger Milton, Rod Steele, Eddie Craven III, Mike Kruel, Shawn Osborne, Jon Bolen, Neighborhoodie, Seth Skyfire, Johnny Punch, Los Locos and The Untouchables.
Gothic Mayhem (2006-2007).
During the summer of 2006, Buck formed Gothic Mayhem with Johnny Punch. Much like Stevie Richards' parody of KISS in Extreme Championship Wrestling during the mid-1990s, the team was styled after "Twisted Sister". Both sporting mohawks and carrying electric guitars to the ring, they were followed by valets Melody and Roni Jonah as part of their entourage. Buck donned himself the "Platinum Frontman", and developed a persona mimicking Axl Rose. The two made their debut defeating Los Locos at the Davis Arena on August 16. They lost, however, to Bad Company (Eddie Craven and Mike Kruel), High Dosage (Ryan Reeves and Jon Bolen) and OVW Southern Tag Team Champions Cody Runnels and Shawn Spears. Buck also lost to Devin Driscoll, Steve Lewington, Paul Birchill, Christopher Rombola and Boris Alexiev in single matches.
On January 10, 2007, he and Johnny Punch lost to Terminal Velocity (Chett the Jet and Lewington) in a four-way match including Los Locos and The Untouchables at an OVW television taping. Feuding with Rombola later that month, they defeated Rombola and his partner Jake Hager on January 27. Weeks later at a February 14 OVW television taping, they met Rombola in a "Battle of the Bands" which ended when Pat Buck smashed a guitar over Rombola's head. The team continued fight in matches against Kofi Nahaje Kingston and Harry Smith and Terminal Velocity. In a match to decide the number one contender to the OVW Southern Tag Team Championship, they lost to Charles "The Hammer" Evans and Justin "The Ox" LaRoche in a four-way match with Terminal Velocityn and Belgian Brawler and Nicholas Sinn on March 7. Although losing matches to Terminal Velocity over the next few weeks, he and Johnny Punch teamed with Tony Braddock to beat TJ Dalton, Jamin Olivencia and Mike Hutter in a six-man tag team match. They also feuded with The Major Brothers during most of May and early June.
On July 4, Buck was scheduled to face Cody Runnels but the match was canceled when Runnels was attacked backstage by Shawn Spears earlier during the show. Buck also lost to Atlas DaBone, Jay Bradley and Vladimir Kozlov during the year as well as making a brief appearance in Derby City Wrestling. On October 10, Gothic Mayhem lost to Los Locos in a qualifying match to enter a championship tournament for the OVW Southern Tag Team Championship. The two wrestled their last match together against The Major Brothers on November 7. Buck teamed with Ryan Reeves in a match against OVW Southern Tag Team Champions Colt Cabana and Shawn Spears the following week.
The Men of Iron (2008).
In early 2008, Buck worked single matches with Charles Evans, Drew McIntyre, Kevin Thorn and Rob Conway. After his recent loss to Conway, his opponent suggested he toughen himself up by becoming a "man of iron" like himself. Buck took his advice literally making his debut as "The Man of Iron", Conway's own name, and defeated Lennox Lightfoot ending his four-month losing streak.
Forming The Men of Iron with Conway during the summer, they captured the OVW Southern Tag Team Championship from 'The Insurgency (Ali and Omar Akbar) in Louisville on May 27. Successfully defending the titles against The Insurgency during a series of matches held at Six Flags Kentucky Kingdom, they held the championship for two months before losing to Darriel Kelly and Josh Lowry in a four corners match with The Insurgency and Dirty Money on August 6.
Recent years (2009-present).
On the December 25, 2009, episode of "WWE SmackDown", Buck was featured in a jobber tag team along with Bryce Andrews, losing to Cryme Tyme.
Buck became the head trainer at the New York Wrestling Connection school in 2010, but left in early 2011. He then debuted for Pro Wrestling Syndicate (PWS). Teaming with John Silver as "The Lone Rangers" and being managed by Opie and Anthony's Sam Roberts, the duo defeated The Urban Legends for the tag team championship on August 20, 2011 in Ronkonkoma, New York. In 2012, Buck became the co-owner of PWS, alongside Eric Tapout. In July 2012, Pat created his All Women's Wrestling Promotion named Bombshell Ladies of Wrestling.

</doc>
<doc id="19483913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483913" title="Painters Hill, Florida">
Painters Hill, Florida

Painters Hill is an unincorporated community in Flagler County, Florida, United States. It is located just north of Beverly Beach and southeast of Palm Coast on State Road A1A. The community is part of the Palm Coast Metropolitan Statistical Area.

</doc>
<doc id="19483914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483914" title="Ceredigion League">
Ceredigion League

The Ceredigion League is a Welsh football league for the county of Ceredigion. It was founded in 1921 as the Cardiganshire League in Lampeter. The six founding teams were Lampeter, Padarn, Aberystwyth Battery, Parish Hall United, Newcastle Emlyn and Aberrayron.
Ceredigion League Division One.
Currently there are 12 teams in Division One, each team Plays 11 home and 11 away.
If a team gains promotion from Ceredigion League Division One they join the Spar Mid Wales League (subject to suitable ground facilities)
There are 3 other leagues running parallel to the Ceredigion League that feed the Spar Mid Wales League. These are the Aberystwyth League, the Montgomeryshire League and the Mid Wales South League.
The following teams are currently in the Ceredigion League Division One for the 2012-2013 season.
Ceredigion League Division Two.
Each team Plays 11 home and 11 away, with the top two teams promoted to Division one (as long as their first team doesn't already play in Division One) and any reserve side finishing in the bottom two are relegated to the Reserve Cup. 
The following clubs will play in the Second Division for the 2011-2012 season.
Ceredigion League Reserve Cup.
Each team plays 8 home and 8 away games before the top four compete in a playoff for promotion to Division Two. A team can only be promoted if their first team doesn't already play in Division Two. The number of promoted teams depends on the number of reserve teams finishing in the bottom two in Division Two.
The following teams will play in the Reserve Cup for the 2012-2013 season.
Cup Competitions.
Teams from the Ceredigion League can compete in 6 different cups;
Bay Cup - only 1st teams.
League Cup - only 1st teams and reserve sides that don't have their 1st teams participating in this league (Newcastle Emlyn III, Aberaeron Reserves).
Cwpan Ceredigion - same teams who participate in the League cup, with their equivalent from the Aberystwyth League.
Percy Eldridge Cup - only the reserve sides which have their 1st teams participating in the league (not Newcastle Emlyn III or Aberaeron Reserves).
South Cards Cup - all teams from Division 2 and the teams from the Reserve Cup which don't have their 1st teams in Division 2.
J.Emrys Morgan Cup - same teams who participate in the League Cup, with their equivalent from the Aberystwyth League, Montgomeryshire League and the Mid Wales South League.

</doc>
<doc id="19483922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483922" title="Henry Bohlen">
Henry Bohlen

Henry Bohlen (October 22, 1810 – August 22, 1862) was an American Civil War Union Brigadier General. Before becoming the first foreign-born Union general in the Civil War, he fought in the Mexican-American War (on the U.S. side), and in the Crimean War (on the French side).
Biography.
Bohlen was born in Bremen, Germany on October 22, 1810, while his parents were traveling in Europe for pleasure. His father was a naturalized citizen of the United States and domiciled in Philadelphia. When Bohlen was very young, his father placed him in one of the first military colleges in Germany. In 1832 however, he was called to the U.S. before he had completed his studies. He did not return to Germany to complete his studies. After immigrating to the United States, Bohlen became a rich dealer of foreign wines and liquor.
Mexican-American War.
When war with Mexico broke out he accepted a position on the staff of his friend and companion, General Worth, as a volunteer Aide-de-camp. During the war he participated in all the battles under Major-General Scott. When the war ended he resigned his commission and returned to selling liquor in Philadelphia.
Crimean War.
Due to the health of his son, he traveled to Europe. When the Crimean War broke out, he entered the service of the allies, on the French staff. During the war he took part in the siege, storming and the final surrender of Sevastopol. After the war ended, he lived in the Netherlands until he heard word of the firing on and surrender of Fort Sumter.
American Civil War.
In 1861 he was granted permission to recruit a regiment in Philadelphia, which was made up of mostly German emigrants at the out break of the American Civil War. He played a key role in organizing the 75th Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry, and he was named its Colonel and commander on September 30, 1861. He served in the division of Louis Blenker.
Bohlen was appointed Brigadier General, U.S. Volunteers, on April 28, 1862. He commanded the 3rd Brigade of Carl Schurz's Division in the 1862 Valley Campaign against Stonewall Jackson. His brigade covered the retreat of the Union forces at the Battle of Cross Keys and also participated in the Battle of Cedar Mountain.
While conducting reconnaissance on the Rappahannock River during the initial stages of the Northern Virginia Campaign, Bohlen was killed when his force was attempting to recross the river.
On August 26, 1862, "The New York Times" reprinted an article from "The Philadelphia Press" about the death of Bohlen:
And the army was safely across the Rappahannock, still nearest the enemy, Bohlen's brigade was fighting continually, and unfortunately for the country and its cause... Bohlen was observed by a rebel sharpshooter, while riding across the field, directing the movements of his troops, and shot through the head.
There were rumors that Bohlen was killed by one of his own men, but evidence suggests that he was liked by his troops and that he died from enemy fire.
Bohlen was buried in Laurel Hill Cemetery in Philadelphia.
Family.
The Bohlen family tree includes his grandson Nazi industrialist Gustav Krupp von Bohlen und Halbach and his great-great-nephew Charles Bohlen a United States diplomat from 1929 to 1969 and Soviet expert.

</doc>
<doc id="19483923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483923" title="Reinbern">
Reinbern

Reinbern (-1013/15) was the only bishop of the short-lived Diocese of Kolberg) (1000-~1007).
Reinbern was born in the Hassegau area of the medieval Duchy of Saxony. When Holy Roman Emperor Otto III met with his friend, the Polish duke Boleslaw I in the Congress of Gniezno (Gnesen), the Archbishopric of Gniezno was founded. One of Gniezno's subordinated bishoprics was the Diocese of Kołobrzeg., Its purpose was to advance the Christianization of the pagan Pomeranians that shortly before had been subdued by the Poles. Reinbern was made bishop. It is documented that he "baptized" the Baltic Sea by spilling Holy Oil and Holy Water into the sea. He also demolished shrines of pagan gods in Pomerania. Yet, after his bishopric was driven out during a pagan uprising, he returned to Boleslaw's court. In 1009, he accompanied Boleslaw to the marriage arranged between Boleslaw's daughter and Sviatopolk, prince of Turov (Turaŭ) in the Kievan Rus', where an internal Kievian crisis involving Boleslaw's daughter led to the arrest of Reinbern by prince Vladimir. Soon afterwards, he died imprisoned in 1012.

</doc>
<doc id="19483936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483936" title="Thomas Edwards (poet)">
Thomas Edwards (poet)

Thomas Edwards (fl. 1587-1595) was an English poet who published two Ovidian epic poems "Cephalus and Procris" and "Narcissus". Beyond his name, nothing is known with certainty of Edwards. He has been provisionally identified with a Shropshire law student of that name who transferred from Furnival's Inn to Lincoln's Inn in June 1587, where he shared a room with a known friend of John Donne.
Edwards possibly contributed the Latin verse to Adriaan van Roomen's "Parvum theatrum urbium" which was published in 1595.
"Cephalus and Procris" and "Narcissus".
Edward's two known poems concern characters who all feature in Ovid's poem Metamorphoses. 
Cephalus and Procris are a romantic couple. Narcissus famously fell in love with his own reflection.
Edward's poems were published as a single volume in 1595; "Cephalus and Procris" is in couplet form, "Narcissus" in a seven-line stanza. In the first poem Edwards appears to be imitating Marlowe, and in the latter Shakespeare.
The author concluded each work with a long postscript; in "Narcissus" this includes, using aliases, references to other poets including: Amintas (Thomas Watson); Collyn (Edmund Spenser); Leander (Christopher Marlowe); Rosamond (Samuel Daniel) and Adon (Shakespeare). A mysterious poet "in purple robes" praised at the end of the list has not been convincingly identified.
Reception.
The book was not well received. Contemporaries such as William Covell and Thomas Nashe derided the work. Covell listed it among the "smaller lights" of modern poetry. Nashe attacked it in his pamphlet "Have with You to Saffron-Walden". No copies of the book were known until a portion of a copy was found in the Lamport Library of Sir Charles Isham, 10th Baronet in 1867. A complete copy was subsequently discovered at the Cathedral Library at Peterborough. It was republished by the Roxburghe Club in 1882. Before this the poem was only known by its title and the references to it by Nashe and others. Nashe appears to say that it was by written by Anthony Chute. It was thus attributed to Chute until the actual book with its author's name on the title page was located.
Various authors starting with Thomas Warton have suggested that Shakespeare satirised "Cephalus and Procris" in the "Pyramus and Thisbe" episode in "A Midsummer Night's Dream", supposedly written by incompetent poet Peter Quince.
However, this view has been generally discounted since the poem was located, as it bears no resemblance to the verses attributed to Peter Quince.

</doc>
<doc id="19483977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483977" title="Samuel Sadler">
Samuel Sadler

Sir Samuel Alexander Sadler Knight M.P. J.P. V.D. (1842–29 September 1911) was an eminent industrialist, public servant and the first Conservative Member of Parliament for Middlesbrough, United Kingdom, the town with which his name is associated.
Background.
Samuel Alexander was the son of James Sadler and Mary Ann Millership of Langley Hall, near Oldbury, Worcestershire (now Oldbury, West Midlands). Members of the Sadler family contributed greatly to their native district of Oldbury and the Black Country during the nineteenth century, particularly Samuel Alexander's paternal uncle, John Sadler (1820-1910), yet the present subject found renown in the North East of England and surpassed all his kinsmen in that regard.
Career.
Sadler was a chemist by profession and, having studied at the University of London, reputedly under Michael Faraday, he established the successful chemicals business of Sadler and Company Limited based at Middlesbrough - Teesside’s first oil and chemicals company. 
He founded the firm in 1869 as a tar distillery and wood distillery. In 1880 he took over the neighbouring company of Jones & Sharp. It became a limited company in 1883 and subsidiary works were opened at Ulverston, Portsmouth, Carlton and Stockton. Products included coal gas, ammonia soda, ammonium sulphate, sulphuric acid, muriatic acid (HCl), nitric acid, caustic soda, sodium dichromate, oxalic acid, benzoles, carbolic acid (phenol), naptha light oils, creosote, heavy oil, pitch and coke. The original works closed in 1971.
It was due to the efforts of pioneers such as Sadler that Teesside became established as a leading centre of the chemicals industry in the United Kingdom. He was also a colliery owner and had interests in several colliery companies in County Durham.
A 434 NRT steamship was named for him in 1876.
Public service.
Beside his work as an industrialist, Sadler served on Middlesbrough Council from 1873 and became Mayor on three occasions - 1877, 1896 and 1910. He succeeded at the third attempt to be elected as the first Conservative Member of Parliament for the Middlesbrough constituency and unseated his predecessor Joseph Havelock Wilson in the firmly Liberal seat at the 1900 general election, but was defeated by Wilson at the 1906 general. In addition, he became a Freeman of the Borough, served as Justice of the Peace, Alderman and was honoured with a knighthood on 24 July 1905.
Sadler was greatly interested in the Volunteer Services and served as Honorary Colonel and leader of several Volunteer Battalions of the Durham Light Infantry. He received the Volunteer Decoration. As a result of his efforts in this field, and as a reflection of his popularity due to repeated displays of popular philanthropy, Sadler was affectionately referred to as 'the Colonel'.
Two years following his death, a statue commemorating his service to the town was fashioned by Edouard Lanteri and erected by subscription in Victoria Square, Middlesbrough.There is a photograph in the Frith collection. The statue was temporarily moved in 2004 so that construction could be performed on the square.
Marriages and Issue.
Samuel Alexander Sadler married firstly Rachael Sadler Field (1847–1873), his first cousin once removed, daughter of John Field and Mercy Ann Sadler of Oldbury in 1865, by whom he had issue; the eldest, Percy, marrying Mary Young Blair, the daughter of George Young Blair. Sadler married secondly her sister Mercy Sadler Field (b. 1853) in 1874, by whom he had issue. His second wife became Lady Sadler and outlived Sadler. His second son by his first wife, Cecil James Sadler (b. 1868), married Amy Ropner, daughter of fellow Teesside magnate Sir Robert Ropner, 1st Baronet (1838–1924) of Preston Hall, near Stockton-on-Tees.
Further Sources.
Record of Sir Samuel Alexander Sadler's parliamentary contributions in Hansard might be viewed on the following link.[http://hansard.millbanksystems.com/people/mr-samuel-sadler/]

</doc>
<doc id="19483980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483980" title="Viva Cuca DVD">
Viva Cuca DVD


</doc>
<doc id="19483981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483981" title="Center for an Urban Future">
Center for an Urban Future

The Center for an Urban Future is an American public policy think tank based in Manhattan, a borough of New York City in the United States. It was developed from City Limits Magazine and was founded in 1996. The Center describes itself as "dedicated to improving the overall health of New York City" with a focus towards the problems of low-income and working-class neighborhoods. It is sometimes considered a centrist alternative to the Manhattan Institute. In November 2009, the corporate parent of the center, City Futures, Inc., announced a spin-off of City Limits Magazine and website to the Community Service Society of New York, leaving the nonpartisan think tank independent of the more liberal magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="19483983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483983" title="Better than the Beatles">
Better than the Beatles

Better Than The Beatles: A Tribute to The Shaggs is a tribute album consisting of cover versions of songs by The Shaggs from their first album, "Philosophy of the World". The title comes from a Frank Zappa interview, in which Zappa refers to The Shaggs as the "3rd best band" of all-time, calling them "better than The Beatles."|

</doc>
<doc id="19483989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483989" title="Bücherei des Schocken Verlag">
Bücherei des Schocken Verlag

The Bücherei des Schocken Verlag ("Library of the Schocken Verlag," in German) sometimes informally referred to as "this popular series" ("beliebte Reihe der Schocken-Bücherei") with its distinct, uniform style is widely considered "one of the most important manifestations of the spiritual life of Jews in Germany between 1933 and 1938" ("wichtigsten Erscheinungen des geistigen Lebens").
Conceived by Salman Schocken, in consultation with Buber, Moritz Spitzer, and Lambert Schneider, the series was "designed to select from the wellsprings of all Jewish literature texts of peculiar relevance to Jewish readers in Nazi Germany. In the spirit of the very first title--Isaiah's prophecies of comfort in the new translation by Buber and Rosenzweig--each selection vibrated with levels of meaning that comprised consolation and instruction." Spitzer, in his position as editor of the Verlag, invited Walter Benjamin to help with the series. Schneider, as co-owner, brought with him the backlist from his Lambert Schneider Verlag, including "Die Schrift", the Buber-Rosenzweig translation of the Tanakh.
In a representative assessment of the imprint's impact, Ismar Schorsch writes:
What is most remarkable about this inspired series is its almost unbounded cultural range and the speed at which it was produced. The 83 titles convey a conception of Judaism as a religious civilisation that spans the Bible, rabbinic literature, medieval and modern Hebrew poetry, philosophy and mysticism, folklore and popular culture, letters and memoirs, modern belles lettres and poetry in German and Yiddish, as well as works of Jewish history and historical sources.
More remarkable still is the fact that the series, which began publishing six months "after" the Nazi book burnings, continued activity until the end of 1938, when the events following Kristallnacht made it impossible to continue. The last book in the series, Hermann Cohen's "Briefe", although dated 1939, was actually printed in late 1938. The previous summer, volume 68, a reprint of "Die Judenbuche", a novel by Annette von Droste-Hülshoff, was (save for a few copies) pulped by the Nazis. (A second volume 68, Schneersohn's "Die Geschichte von Chajim" was printed in its place.) From that point on, the series carried the Nazi-imposed "Jüdischer Buchverlag" (Jewish Publisher) on the title page of all volumes.
Although the planned two volumes a month was realized in only one of the five full years of publication (1935; the first five volumes were published in November and December 1933), "the production of a German library of 92 volumes of Jewish culture over a period of five years is testimony not only to the urgency of the hour and the dedication of Moritz Spitzer and Lambert Schneider, but also to the very existence of a living cultural legacy." All in all, the 83 titles represented over a third of the firm's production before it moved from Berlin to Palestine in 1939. 
The series featured the first appearances (or translations) of major works by authors (such as S.Y. Agnon, Martin Buber, Franz Kafka, Franz Rosenzweig, and Gershom Scholem) who would become internationally recognized when the Verlag moved to New York, became Schocken Books, and began publishing these authors (many of them for the first time) in English.

</doc>
<doc id="19483990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19483990" title="UMTAS">
UMTAS

UMTAS "(Uzun Menzilli Tanksavar Sistemi)" is a long range air-to-surface anti-tank missile developed by Turkish armor and missile manufacturer Roketsan.
Background.
UMTAS program was initiated in 2005 by Turkey's Undersecretariat for Defence Industries (SSM), specifically to provide T-129 ATAK combat helicopters with an indigenous guided missile. Following successful completion of Phase-1 under the Design Contract dated 29 September 2005 with Roketsan, Phase-2 Development Contract was signed between SSM and Roketsan on 31 July 2008. The project is being carried out in accordance with the Phase-2 contract.
Description.
UMTAS missile features "fire and forget" and "fire and update" infrared guidance with a tandem anti-armor warhead. It is capable of engaging targets at 8 kilometers.
LRAT, which is also adaptable to land platforms, has the following capabilities:
Roketsan is also planning to produce versions of the missile that can be land vehicle-launched and intends to offer the UMTAS for export.
Development.
Rocketsan is leading the development of a new anti-tank missile to arm the Turkish Army's TAI/AgustaWestland T-129 ATAK combat helicopters. The weapon is known currently as UMTAS (Uzun Menzilli Tanksavar Projesi, or the Long Range Anti Tank system/LRAT). The UMTAS programme was launched by Turkey's Undersecretariat of the Defence Industry in 2005, specifically to equip the ATAK. A three-step schedule for design, development and production was set out, extending to the end of this decade. The initial design phase was put under contract in September 2005 and was completed in early 2008. Phase 2 (development) work was placed under contract in July 2008. This work is expected to continue to 2011 or 2012. The UMTAS project has been shown in drawings and model form, but with little information released on its development status. Rocketsan is looking to produce versions of the missile that can be vehicle-launched, as well as air-launched, and also intends to offer the UMTAS for export.

</doc>
<doc id="19484008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484008" title="Banksville, New York">
Banksville, New York

Banksville is a hamlet in the town of North Castle, New York. Banksville is known as the "Eastern District of North Castle". It is located in the eastern part of the town, close to Connecticut. Banksville Avenue lies on the border between New York and Connecticut, consequently some organizations and businesses considered to be in the hamlet of Banksville, are given Greenwich, Connecticut postal addresses. Banksville Community House,Banksville Nursery School and Banksville Pharmacy (aka North Street Healthmart Pharmacy) have mailing addresses for Greenwich, Connecticut, while Banksville Independent Fire Co. has a mailing address for Bedford,New York. Along with Armonk and North White Plains, it is one of the three geographical regions and hamlets of North Castle. Banksville was named after Samuel Banks, a farmer who settled area in 1695. Banks died January 29, 1743 and is buried in Middle Patent Rural Cemetery. Descendants of Samuel Banks inhabit Banksville to this day.

</doc>
<doc id="19484027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484027" title="Gilberte H. Dallas">
Gilberte H. Dallas

Gilberte H. Dallas (1918 - 1960), real name Gilberte Herschtel, was a French poet. Her mother died when Gilberte was seven months old; her father, a Parisian jeweller, died of tuberculosis when Gilberte was twelve. This loss was impactful. 
At the age of ten Gilberte set sail to the open sea in a small boat, trying to find her mother in the infinity and nearly died. Apart from writing, she was a painter, too, but her paintings were lost by an art trader. She spent the Second World War in Switzerland with her fiancé, but after he left her, she was interned. She worked as an actress in Nice and Monaco. After the war, she travelled through Oceania. 
She died of cancer. She is considered one of the most important poètes maudits of post-war France.

</doc>
<doc id="19484044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484044" title="Achiemore, Durness">
Achiemore, Durness

Achiemore was a crofting community located on the Cape Wrath peninsula near the village of Durness in the Scottish county of Sutherland. The hamlet is just south of the farmstead of Daill on the western shore of the Kyle of Durness. Neither place has a permanent population with the village of Durness located to the east. Inverness is around to the south.
Access.
Achiemore is in the Highland Council area in the far north of Scotland. Access across the Kyle of Durness is by a small passenger ferry operating from Keoldale during the summer months. The hamlet is on the U70 road linking the ferry to the lighthouse at Cape Wrath which was built in the 1830s as a supply road for the newly opened lighthouse replacing a track which linked to an original slipway north of Daill. Quarries alongside the road at both Achiemore and Daill were used to provide material for the building of the road.
History.
Between 1935 and 1938, there were around 40 people living on the cape side. The farmsteads at Daill and Achiemore consisted of two or three buildings with assorted enclosures. Up to 10 children from across the cape were known to attend a side school to Durness Primary school which was located at Achiemore. The school closed in 1947 and the whole area of the cape is now virtually uninhabited. The school building stood until the early 1990s, when its roof blew off in strong winds, and its walls were taken down to strengthen the wooden bridge constructed by the Royal Marines in 1980 crossing the Daill River to the north west of Achiemore.
Achiemore is located just outside the Cape Wrath Training Area, a military training and live firing range which has operated on the cape since the early 20th century. A military sentry post adjacent to the site of the school restricts access to the area when the range is in use.
A possible site of a promontory fort is located to the north-east of Achiemore on the shore of the Kyle of Durness where drystone and turf enclosures have been surveyed. A site at Eilean nan Caorach, around north of Daill is a more likely location of a promontory fort or monastery. The site has been heavily damaged by shelling and dating is difficult as a result.

</doc>
<doc id="19484056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484056" title="Misumenops celer">
Misumenops celer

The Celer Crab Spider, like other crab spiders, is an ambush predator. Its range is quite large and has been all over the United States and Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="19484060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484060" title="Tirkesh">
Tirkesh

Tirkesh may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19484061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484061" title="Richmond Hill (Manhattan)">
Richmond Hill (Manhattan)

Richmond Hill was a colonial estate in Manhattan, New York City, that was built on a parcel of the "King's Farm" obtained on a 99-year lease in 1767 from Trinity Church by Major Abraham Mortier, paymaster of the British army in the colony. Part of the site is now the Charlton-King-Vandam Historic District of Manhattan.
History.
The house stood southeast of the modern intersection of Varick and Charlton Streets and some 100 to 150 yards west of the informal footpath that crossed the ditch in Lispenard's Meadows with a plank, and connected the city with Greenwich Village, which lay north and east of Richmond Hill. The house, as it appears in a 19th-century woodblock in the Museum of the City of New York, was five bays wide, with a tetrastyle Ionic portico, and three bays deep, where there were paired dormers in the attic. It was a frame structure, with carpentered imitation quoins at the corners, raised on a high basement and approached by a flight of steps. 
Sir Jeffrey Amherst, later Lord Amherst, made Mortier's house his headquarters at the close of his campaigns in the French and Indian War. The estate served for a time following 13 April 1776, as the headquarters of George Washington, until the retreat of the Continental army from New York after the battle of Long Island, 27 August. After it had been occupied by British officers, 1776–83, it served the first British ambassador to the United States, Sir John Temple; it stood empty for a time before becoming the official residence of Vice President John Adams during the first presidency. Abigail Adams was delighted with its situation:
In natural beauty it might vie with the most delicious spot I ever saw. It is a mile and a half from the city of New York. The house stands upon an eminence: at an agreeable distance flows the noble Hudson, bearing upon its bosom innumerable small vessels laden with the fruitful productions of the adjacent country. Upon my right hand are fields beautifully variegated with grass and grain, to a great extent like the valley of the Honiton in Devonshire.Upon my left the city opens to view, intercepted here and there by a rising mound and an ancient oak. In front beyond the Hudson, the Jersey shores present the exuberance of a rich, well cultivated soil. In the background is a large flower-garden, enclosed with a hedge and some very handsome trees. Venerable oaks and broken ground covered with wild shrubs surround me, giving a natural beauty to the spot which is truly enchanting. A lovely variety of birds serenade me morning and evening, rejoicing in their liberty and security. 
In 1794 it was purchased as a country home by Aaron Burr, who had known the house as aide-de-camp to General Putnam at the start of the American Revolution. Minetta Creek made a pond at the foot of Richmond Hill, somewhere about the present junction of Bedford and Downing Streets. In winter "Burr's Pond" as it came to be called, offered skating. One day in 1797 in Burr's absence his fourteen-year-old daughter Theodosia, left in charge of the household, received an unexpected visit from Joseph Brant, the renowned Mohawk chieftain with a letter of introduction from Burr:
This will be handed to you by Colonel Brant, the celebrated Indian Chief... He is a man of education... Receive him with respect and hospitality. He is not one of those Indians who drink rum, but is quite a gentleman; not one who will make you fine bows, but one who understands and practises what belongs to propriety and good-breeding. He has daughters—if you could think of some little present to send to one of them (a pair of earrings for example) it would please him.
On the morning of 11 July 1804, Burr arose from Richmond Hill and had himself ferried across the Hudson to his fateful duel with Alexander Hamilton. In 1807, Burr filed plans for driving three new streets of houses through the property; his plan was approved by the City Council, but he was too strapped for cash to carry the plan to fruition, though he mortgaged the equivalent of 240 building lots to the Bank of the Manhattan Company, for $38,000. Following Burr's occupancy his creditors sold the mortgaged estate to the real-estate magnate John Jacob Astor, for $32,000, who resold the building lots, with leases to run out in 1864, allowing him the reversion for the final three years, with all the structures and other improvements, until the leases reverted to Trinity Church, when he had the right of renewal. In the meantime, in December 1820 Astor had the house set upon logs and rolled down the hill to the southeast corner of Varick and Charlton Streets. He opened the house and its gardens as a public resort in 1822 It was remembered as a genteel roadhouse by a surveyor working when the Commissioners' Plan of 1811 was being laid out. After serving as a resort in its new location it opened in November 1831 as a theater, and "the following year it became the Italian Opera House but finished the year with equestrian shows," the historians of theatre in New York report, and eventually was a common saloon before it was razed in 1849. During the time that the mansion was in existence, the surrounding neighborhood, built up from the 1820s by Astor as modest brick rowhouses, was also called Richmond Hill, connected to the city through the former water meadow, now drained and filled, as a continuation of Canal Street.

</doc>
<doc id="19484074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484074" title="Elizabeth of Denmark, Duchess of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel">
Elizabeth of Denmark, Duchess of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel

Elisabeth of Denmark (25 August 1573 – 19 June 1626) was duchess consort of Brunswick-Lüneburg as married to Duke Henry Julius of Brunswick-Lüneburg. She was regent of Brunswick-Lüneburg in 1616-1622. 
She was the eldest daughter of King Frederick II of Denmark and his spouse Sophie of Mecklenburg-Güstrow. First raised with her maternal grand parents, she returned to Denmark in 1579. 
Scottish ambassadors had at first concentrated their suit on Elisabeth as a prospective wife for King James VI of Scotland, but King Frederick betrothed Elisabeth to the Duke of Brunswick, promising the Scots instead that "for the second daughter Anna, if the King did like her, he should have her".
She was married in 1590 to Duke Henry Julius of Brunswick-Lüneburg and had ten children:
When her future spouse first arrived for the wedding in 1590, he disguised himself as a jeweler; he presented her with jewelry, and stated that prize was her body. As a result, he was thrown in jail until he could prove his identity and explain that it had been a joke. As duchess, she remained in close correspondence with her brother, the Danish monarch. 
After the death of her husband in 1613, she reigned in her dowry. After three years she removed her son, Friederich Ulrich, from the government together with her brother, Christian IV of Denmark, and she remained in charge for the next six years. She received a visit from her brother Christian in 1616. In 1617 she founded the Retreat for the Poor with a chapel (Elisabeth Stift).
During the Thirty Years War (1618–1648) the castle was raided and was not repaired until 1654.

</doc>
<doc id="19484078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484078" title="Dick Holler">
Dick Holler

Dick Holler (born Richard Louis Holler, October 16, 1934 in Indianapolis, Indiana) is a songwriter, pianist and performer. He is best known as the writer of the folk-pop standard "Abraham, Martin and John" which has been recorded by numerous artists including Dion, Ray Charles, Kenny Rogers, Emmylou Harris, Andy Williams, Marvin Gaye, Whitney Houston, and Moms Mabley, among others.
Biography.
Early life.
He moved with his family to Baton Rouge, Louisiana in 1951, where he later graduated from University High School and attended Louisiana State University for five years. It was while attending LSU that he began to play piano and organize bands and writing songs with his college friends.
Career.
Holler performed for two years on the local award-winning record rating TV teen show "Hit or Miss" along with future actresses Donna Douglas (Beverly Hillbillies' Elly May) and Elizabeth Ashley, and movie critic Rex Reed.
During a January 1956 "Teen Town Rally" TV show he met musician brothers Ike, Tommy and Jimmy Clanton.
He tried, and was successful in signing the underage guitar player and vocalist Jimmy Clanton to play with his band at that time as well as his neighborhood band, "The Dixie Cats".
In May 1956, a four-piece band was formed to play a four-night-a-week gig, that included Holler on piano, Jimmy Clanton on lead guitar, Mike Bankston on drums, and Ed Winston on tenor sax with occasional bassist Leonard Root. A club owner later changed the band's name to "Dick Holler and the Carousel Rockets", shortened to "The Rockets".
The Rockets at times also included Mac "Dr. John" Rebennack, Grady Caldwell, Bobby Loveless (regional hit Night Owl), Jack Bunn, Junior Bergeron (Van Broussard band), Lenny Capello (Cotton Candy - RIC Records), Bill Dunnam, Merlin Jones, Don Smith and Cyril Vetter (the writers of "Double Shot (Of My Baby's Love)", and others. Also sitting in at times was another Baton Rouge guitarist/vocalist/songwriter, Johnny Ramistella, later known as "Johnny Rivers".
By 1957, "The Rockets" were recording at Cosimo Matassa’s Studio in New Orleans. Holler and Clanton each got recording deals on Johnny Vincent’s Ace label and "The Rockets" backed Clanton on his first release, "I Trusted You".
Soon Jimmy Clanton embarked on a solo career and Holler continued to front "The Rockets" until signed by Herald-Ember Records in 1961. Herald-Ember changed the band name to "Dick Holler and the Holidays".
From August, 1962 until May 1965 the Holidays based and performed in and around Columbia, South Carolina. Their 1964 third single release, "Double Shot (Of My Baby's Love)", later become a hit in 1966 by "The Swingin' Medallions".
Holler later disbanded "The Holidays", and, at the urging of producer Phil Gernhard, rewrote one of his Baton Rouge songs as "Snoopy vs. the Red Baron". Recorded by a band from Ocala, Florida, "The Royal Guardsmen" in 1966 for Laurie Records, the song became an instant hit, peaking at number two in the U.S.and number eight in the United Kingdom.
In 1968, Dion (Dimucci)’s recording of Holler's composition in tribute to the fallen Bobby Kennedy, "Abraham, Martin and John" reached the Billboard Top Five becoming a folk-pop standard known worldwide. This song was considered of such significance that it was the first of twenty songs discussed in "Songs Sung Red, White, and Blue: The Stories Behind America’s Best-Loved Patriotic Songs" (ISBN 0060513047), a book by Ace Collins.
Besides Dion’s, four other versions made the Billboard Top 40, distinguishing it as the only song in history to make the Billboard Top 40 five times with five different artists. " Abraham, Martin and John" also received the BMI Four Million Airplay award, making the song one of the most prestigious songs of the twentieth century.
Later years.
In October 2007, at a performance in Baton Rouge, Dick Holler was inducted into The Louisiana Music Hall of Fame. Holler shares time between Switzerland and Georgia, USA. He has had several releases enter the European top 5 and top 10. Each year, Holler returns to Baton Rouge for a one night reunion with his old friends and musicians at the Baton Rouge Eagles' Club.

</doc>
<doc id="19484098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484098" title="Whatshan Dam">
Whatshan Dam

Whatshan Dam completed in 1972 is a concrete 54MW hydroelectric dam on the Whatshan River in the Canadian province of British Columbia. It is located on the western side of Lower Arrow Lake in the Monashee Mountains. It is operated by BC Hydro.

</doc>
<doc id="19484124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484124" title="Lau Lauritzen">
Lau Lauritzen

Lau Lauritzen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19484130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484130" title="Aycliffe Stadium">
Aycliffe Stadium

Aycliffe Stadium was a sports facility located in County Durham, England, on the southern edge of the Aycliffe Industrial Estate, which has Newton Aycliffe to the North and Aycliffe Village to the South. It was a short (370 yard) oval tarmac race track, which was used for stock car racing from the mid-1950s until it was closed at the end of 1989. The most regular formula to appear at Aycliffe Stadium was the BriSCA Formula 1 Stock Cars, closely followed by the smaller BriSCA Formula 2 Stock Cars category. Banger racing was regularly held at Aycliffe, along with the occasional Demolition Derby, and the occasional demonstration visit from Autograss formula and Hot Rods (oval racing). The site was used each year for the town's firework display on Guy Fawkes Night.
Description.
For many Aycliffe is remembered as the Action Track. Aycliffe's tight corners and its suspended steel rope fence, combined with BriSCA’s brand of contact racing regularly produced an action-packed spectacle. For most of its history, the stadium was associated with the British Stock Car Association (BriSCA). The first BriSCA licensed race took place on 10 July 1966, and the final BriSCA event was held on 19 November 1989.
The track was originally a greyhound track during the 1940s, and in 1952 a speedway track was constructed using ash from Darlington Power Station. This track was used for speedway training. On Good Friday, 16 April 1954, the first stock car race in Great Britain took place in London at New Cross Stadium. The sport was an instant success and races took place all over the country. Until recently, it is widely believed that the first Stock Car meeting at Aycliffe took place on 7 October 1956. However, photographs from 1955 of a driver's presentation evening at the North Briton Pub (in Aycliffe Village) suggest that stock car racing had already taken place at Aycliffe in 1955. In 1957, Jimmy Wilkinson took over as the promotor at Aycliffe. He retained control of the stadium until 1964, when he handed the role of promoter over to three regular Aycliffe drivers - Tony Neal (100), Ron 'Dixie' Dean (20), and Tom Geldard (154).
In 1966, the three brought Aycliffe Stadium into the BriSCA organisation. July 10 was the first licensed meeting. In 1975 Tony Neal emigrated to New Zealand, leaving Tom, Ron and Cissy Dean to run Aycliffe. In the early 1970s, Aycliffe ran a local formula call Supercars, but by 1976 this formula had been replaced by regular F2 racing. At the end of 1985 Ron and Cissy Dean retired from promoting. Jimmy Wilkinson returned to the helm and promoted the stock car racing at Aycliffe until it closed at the end of 1989 to make way for the expanding industrial estate.
BriSCA F1 Final Winners at Aycliffe.
1966 - 11 Meetings - Ron Rogers 5, Ellis Ford 2, Tony Neal, Tom Geldard, Jimmy Young, Arthur Gibson
1967 - 17 Meetings - Tony Neal 7, Arthur Gibson 3, Ron Rogers 2, Ellis Ford, Ernie Dent, Earl Testo, Doug Cronshaw, Oliver Smith
1968 - 15 Meetings - Tony Neal 4, Tom Geldard 3, Ellis Ford, Arthur Gibson, Ernie Dent, Mike Holt, Bert Shipman, Chas Finnikin, Brian Wignall
1969 - 18 Meetings - Stuart Smith 6, Arthur Gibson 3, Jim Esau 2, Tony Neal, Tom Geldard, Jimmy Young, Oliver Smith, Doug Cronshaw, Bert Shipman, Warren Taylor
1970 - 16 Meetings - Stuart Smith 4, Jim Esau 2, Tony Neal, Arthur Gibson, Ernie Dent, Earl Testo, Doug Cronshaw, Bert Shipman, Pat Byrne, Willie Houseman, Derek Coleman, George Ansell
1971 - 14 Meetings - Stuart Smith 5, Tony Neal 3, Mike Holt 2, Jim Esau, Jim Donaldson, Willie Harrison, Brian Wignall
1972 - 15 Meetings - Stuart Smith 5, Doug Cronshaw 3, Tony Neal, Bert Shipman, Willie Harrison, Gordon Smith, Ray Watkins, Rod Falding, Gerald Taylor
1973 - 14 Meetings - Stuart Smith 8, Doug Cronshaw 3,Dave Fox, Alan Barker, Brian Wignall
1974 - 12 Meetings - Stuart Smith 4, John Hillam 3, Warren Taylor, Gordon Smith, Mike Close, Brian Wallace, Len Wolfenden
1975 - 11 Meetings - Stuart Smith 5, Doug Cronshaw 2, John Hillam 2, Willie Harrison, Gordon Smith
1976 - 13 Meetings - Stuart Smith 6, Mike Close 3, Doug Cronshaw, Willie Harrison, Frankie Wainman, Phil Hayhurst
1977 - 12 Meetings - Stuart Smith 7, Alan Barker 2, Mike Close, Willie Harrison, Frankie Wainman
1978 - 13 Meetings - Stuart Smith 7, Mike Close, Willie Harrison, Frankie Wainman, Gerald Taylor, Martin Farrar, Dave Hodgson
1979 - 12 Meetings - Stuart Smith 3, Len Wolfenden 2, Frankie Wainman 2, Brian Powles, Alan Barker, Mike Close, Andy Stott
1980 - 12 Meetings - Mike Close 4, Willie Harrison 3, Stuart Smith 3, Frankie Wainman 2
1981 - 13 Meetings - Len Wolfenden 5, Stuart Smith 3, Mike Close 2, Andy Stott 2, Trevor Todd
1982 - 13 Meetings - John Toulson 5, Mike Close 4, Andy Stott 3, George Wilkins
1983 - 13 Meetings - Mike Close 3, John Lund 3, Andy Stott 2, Len Wolfenden 2, John Toulson, Dan Clarke
1984 - 11 Meetings - Frankie Wainman 3, Mike Close 2, Andy Stott 2, John Lund 2, John Toulson, Harry Smith
1985 - 11 Meetings - Mike Close 3, Len Wolfenden 3, Richard Ainsworth 2, Harry Smith, John Lund, Ray Tyldesley
1986 - 11 Meetings - John Lund 6, John Toulson 2, Mike Close, Arthur Gibson, Frankie Wainman
1987 - 11 Meetings - John Lund 8, Ray Tyldesley, Doug Cronshaw, John Toulson
1988 - 10 Meetings - John Toulson 5, Peter Falding 2, John Lund 2, Ray Tyldesley
1989 - 11 Meetings - Peter Falding 4, John Lund 4, John Toulson, David Toulson, Len Wolfenden
BriSCA F1 World Championship Semi Final Top 3 places at Aycliffe.
1985 - Stuart Smith 1st, Harry Smith 2nd, Dave Berresford 3rd 
1989 - Nigel Whorton 1st, Des Chandler 2nd, Les Mitchell 3rd

</doc>
<doc id="19484139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484139" title="Allied Security Trust">
Allied Security Trust

Allied Security Trust (AST) is a member-based patent holding company that helps protect members from patent infringement lawsuits by non-practicing entities.
Business.
Members each contribute to the operating expense of the trust, and hold funds in escrow for the purchase of patents. Each member's escrow funds are used for the purchase of only those patents that they are interested in. The members involved in the purchase are then licensed to the patents. After a certain period of time, the patents are sold or donated. This is known as a catch and release strategy. AST does not litigate.
Turning to the key function of buy-side decision making – i.e., determining which patents to purchase – AST radiates out such authority to the extremities of the organization, where individual members decide whether to ante up funds on a case-by-case basis. The offices of the AST then serves to aggregate these funds and formulate a bid. 
What is interesting about these fundamentally different processes is that, at least in theory, the AST process potentially taps into an intellectual wherewithal unrivaled in the market (think of the hundreds of senior engineers at each of the 20 or so AST members – that suggests some 2,000 highly skilled engineers in all).
Members.
Allied Security Trust has 11 public members in 2008, including:
In 2012 official site listed 8 public members:

</doc>
<doc id="19484143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484143" title="Giacomo Giuseppe Beltritti">
Giacomo Giuseppe Beltritti

Giacomo Giuseppe Beltritti (December 23, 1910—November 1, 1992) was an Italian prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He served as Patriarch of Jerusalem from 1970 to 1987, the last non-Arab to hold this position.
Beltritti was born in Peveragno and came to the Holy Land in 1926, when he began studying for the priesthood at a seminary in Beit Jala in the West Bank. He was later ordained a priest on April 15, 1933. After the founding of Israel in 1948 and Israel's occupation of the West Bank in 1967, he helped Palestinians who became refugees.
On September 21, 1965, Beltritti was appointed Coadjutor Patriarch of Jerusalem and Titular Bishop of "Cana" by Pope Paul VI. He received his episcopal consecration on the following October 10 from Patriarch Alberto Gori, O.F.M., with Arcbishop Mikhayl Assaf and Bishop Hanna Kaldany serving as co-consecrators.
He later succeeded Gori as Patriarch of Jerusalem on November 25, 1970. He served as head of the Catholic Church in Israel, the occupied West Bank and Gaza Strip, Jordan, and Cyprus for 17 years and, during that time, became known for his work in drawing young Palestinians into the priesthood and enlarging the Catholic school system.
Beltritti retired as Patriarch on December 11, 1987, and then taught catechism at the parochial school in Deir Rafat, where he resided at the local monastery. He later died in his sleep during a visit to Jerusalem, at age 81.

</doc>
<doc id="19484176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484176" title="Topchi">
Topchi

Topchi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19484211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484211" title="Tavus">
Tavus

Tavus (, also Romanized as Ţāvūs; also known as Ţāvūs-e Bāmadī) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District, in the Central District of Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 185, in 34 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="19484222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484222" title="John Gray (Oshawa politician)">
John Gray (Oshawa politician)

John Gray (born March 20, 1959) is a former mayor of Oshawa, Ontario, Canada.
Background.
Gray was raised in Whitby, Ontario. He graduated from Henry Street High School and went on to study financial accounting at Centennial College in Toronto, Ontario. He was employed at ANDEC Manufacturing Ltd. as a financial controller.
Gray is married to Bonnie with whom he has two children - J.J. and Heidi. The family live in Oshawa, Ontario.
Politics.
Gray served as a Councillor for both the City of Oshawa and the Regional Municipality of Durham for nine years prior to being elected as Mayor in November 2003. The 2003 election was a benchmark for Gray - not only had he unseated a four-term mayor (Nancy Diamond), but he had also pulled in more than 40% of the vote in a 5 candidate race. 
Gray was re-elected for a second term on November 13, 2006. He was later defeated by local businessman, John Henry on October 25, 2010.
Upon leaving the mayor's office in December 2010, Gray collected a severance payment of $110,821. Severance payments are made to all politicians who serve two or more consecutive terms. In January 2011 Gray had accepted employment as a solar energy consultant, and subsequently as a municipal project management consultant.

</doc>
<doc id="19484239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484239" title="Color structure code">
Color structure code

The color structure code (CSC) is a color segmentation method that can operate on multiple processors.

</doc>
<doc id="19484250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484250" title="William Fremantle (nephew)">
William Fremantle (nephew)

The Very Reverend William Henry Fremantle (12 December 1831 – 24 December 1916) was an eminent Anglican priest in the last decades of the 19th century and the first two of the 20th.
The second son of Thomas Fremantle, 1st Baron Cottesloe, (and a nephew of William Fremantle (uncle), his predecessor at Ripon) he was educated at Eton and Balliol. A Fellow of All Souls College, Oxford, he was ordained in 1855 and two years later became Vicar of Lewknor. He was then Chaplain to Archibald Campbell, Bishop of London, and went with him in the same post when he was appointed Archbishop of Canterbury seven years later. Appointed to be a Cathedral Canon at Canterbury in 1882, and Archdeacon of Maidstone in 1887, in 1895 he became Dean of Ripon. He retired in 1915 and died a year later on Christmas Eve 1916.
Fremantle married Isabella Maria Eardley, daughter of Sir Culling Eardley. Mrs. Fremantle took an active part in charitable work in the dioceses her husband was appointed to, and her work among the sick poor was well known. She died, aged 66, in July 1901.
Their second son Sir Francis Edward Fremantle was a Conservative politician.

</doc>
<doc id="19484255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484255" title="Don Julio">
Don Julio

Don Julio is a brand of tequila produced in Mexico. It is the eighth largest brand in the United States by volume and eleventh largest in Mexico. It is distilled, manufactured, bottled, sold, and distributed by Tequila Don Julio, S.A. de C.V. from its corporate facility in the Colonia El Chichimeco district, in the city of Atotonilco El Alto, Jalisco, Mexico. It is distributed in the United States by Diageo, under licensing from its patent holder, Tequila Don Julio, "Sociedad Anónima de Capital Variable", Jalisco, Mexico, but it is sold worldwide.
History.
Don Julio Tequila is named after its founder, Don Julio González-Frausto Estrada, who began distilling tequila in 1942 at age 17. Acknowledging the benefits of vertical integration, Gonzalez-Frausto established his own distillery, La Primavera, and spent the next 40 years improving his craft. He experimented with controlling various aspects of the tequila-making process, "from the cultivation of the agave to the bottling of the final product". He named his distillery "La Primavera" (the Springtime). He is said to have "spent nearly forty years perfecting the craft." Don Julio's first tequilas were shared with friends only, but as word on the quality of his tequila spread, he officially founded a company to put him in business. In 1985 Don Julio González-Frausto celebrated his 60th Birthday, his sons commemorated the date by creating a Tequila in his name, Don Julio. Guests asked if it will be available for sale for the remainder of never. Following the sheer popularity of the tequila in Guadalajara and neighboring cities they decided to launch the tequila. It launched in 1987 and set the standard for all Tequilas in this category style. It is considered to be the world's first Luxury Tequila. Prior to this, tequila had been considered a "farmers" drink. Nobody would pay more than $30 for a bottle of well made tequila.
In 1999 the now defunct, The Seagram Company Ltd., had invested in Tequila Don Julio, S.A. de C.V. of Mexico. The expanded agave plantations were a joint venture between the Gonzalez-Frausto, Funtanet, Andrade Rivera Torres, and Cuaik famliles. In 1999 Don Julio Gonzalez, delighted to forge a relationship with Seagram, stated, "I am proud that the Gonzalez-Frausto family joins with the Seagram family in a global effort behind Don Julio Tequila. I am committed to overseeing personally the agave plantations that are so vital to the superior and unique quality of the Tequila that bears my name." Diageo signed a joint venture in with Casa Cuervo in 2003, selling a 50 per cent stake in Don Julio for $100 million.
Founder.
Don Julio Gonzalez-Frausto Estrada was born on the 7th of January of 1925 in Atotonilco, Jalisco, which now a days the main facility is located. Don Julio learned the meaning of responsibility at an early age by working at his uncle's José tequila distillery. At the age of 15 years old Don Julio lost his father, and became the head of his household. With the task of supporting his family he got a job as a farmhand where he received nine pesos a week. After acknowledging his income was insufficient he persisted and started to sell tequila in small wooden barrels throughout Ocotlán,Jalisco. After this he won the same nine pesos, but every day. At the age of 23 he married Dorothea Garcia whom he had 9 children. In 1942 he started a tequila distillery which would later be known as “La Primavera”. By 1951, with the brand Tres Magueyes, he was on a path that would later become Tequila Don Julio in its different variants: Blanco, Reposado, Añejo, 70, 1942 and Real. Don Julio González-Frausto Estrada passed away on Tuesday, March 20, 2012 from natural causes.
Process.
Don Julio's Tequila begins in the agave fields in the highland are of Atotonilco. The agave plants are grown on land they lease as it gives Don JuIio the flexibility to move to different locations and rotate the crop. Tequila's major aging process time happens with the agave plants, given that they take seven years to reach maturity. Every agave plant is harvested by hand. The agave plant is cut from its roots and then the spearlike leaves are sheered off. The core that is left is called a piña, which is the raw material used for the making of tequila. The piñas are transported on a truck to Don Julio's Distillery where they are cut into equal sized pieces so that they bake evenly. The piñas are loaded into brick ovens where they are slowly baked over the course of several days. Then the baked piñas are crushed and doused with water, which releases the sweet agave syrup called agave juice. Then yeast is added to the agave water and is left to ferment. After the fermentation process is complete it results is a sweet, slight alcoholic agave beer which is then put into stills where it is distilled to become tequila.At last it is put into ex-bourbon casks or stainless steel tanks where it mellows. Depending on the time and the place where it ages it is the tequila that will be created.
Varieties.
Several of these offerings have performed well at international spirit ratings competitions. For example, Don Julio's Real tequila was awarded double gold medals at the 2008 and 2011 San Francisco World Spirits Competition and a silver medal at the 2012 competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19484265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484265" title="The Bear Went Over the Mountain">
The Bear Went Over the Mountain

The Bear Went Over the Mountain may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19484271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484271" title="Edmund Fuller">
Edmund Fuller

Edmund Fuller (d. 2001, age 86) was a historian, literary critic, and English master at Kent School. He was also involved in the some of the 1950s and 1960s science and religion scholarship, bringing him into contact with William G. Pollard. In a review of the book "Science Ponders Religion" (1960) Harlow Shapley ed., an account of eight summers of Star Island Institute on Religion in an Age of Science Conferences, Fuller comments on Henry Margenau, Ian G. Barbour, Theodosius Dobzhansky, Kirtley F. Mather, Edwin C. Kemble, Ralph W. Burhoe and Charles A. Coulson among others.

</doc>
<doc id="19484275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484275" title="Sun Blindness Music">
Sun Blindness Music

New York in the 1960s: Sun Blindness Music, better known as Sun Blindness Music, is an album by John Cale released in 2001. It is the first of a loose anthology of experimental albums recorded during Cale's tenure with the Theatre of Eternal Music during the mid-1960s. The pieces included on the album were recorded between 1964 and 1966. Albums following in the anthology include the collaborative effort "Day Of Niagara", and the Cale compilations "Dream Interpretation" and "Stainless Gamelan". Each song in the trilogy is an exemplar of the burgeoning minimalist music genre, emphasizing atonality, drone, and noise. 
With some of the earliest recordings of this music being recorded ten years before Lou Reed's avant garde "Metal Machine Music" (which itself was credited as a huge influence on noise music and punk), Cale was ahead of his time in many respects. He was not alone in this though - frequent collaborators La Monte Young, Terry Riley, original Velvet Underground drummer Angus Maclise, Tony Conrad, and Marian Zazeela also contributed to the genre. Cale and these artists themselves owed a debt to early 'anti' music composer John Cage. 
These albums were originally in the personal possession of Tony Conrad as part of his tape collection, and were thought lost. Not until very recently were these minimalist artifacts discovered and released by the independent record label Table of the Elements.
Australian band The Sun Blindness took their name from this album.
Analysis.
Sun Blindness Music, the set's centerpiece, is a nearly three-quarters of an hour of a single chord, which shifts gradually between tones and timbres over the expansive time allotted to it. Cale produced the otherworldly sound with his Vox organ. Reviewer Thom Jurek notes that "Sun Blindness Music is easily the most demanding and perhaps most rewarding piece on the disc... There are times when the full-bodied chord is so complete and forceful in its presence it is nearly unbearable..."
Summer Heat is an extended, distorted solo for electric guitar. It is perhaps the rawest track on the album, indicating where the more avant garde elements of The Velvet Underground's future songs (especially on White Light/White Heat) may have originated.
The Second Fortress is an enigmatic set for, what the linear notes say are, "electronic sounds." It is actually Cale's Vox organ again, looped through tape recorders and layered heavily until distorted beyond recognition.

</doc>
<doc id="19484280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484280" title="John Veitch (horticulturist)">
John Veitch (horticulturist)

John Veitch (1752–1839) was the founder of the Veitch horticulture dynasty who created the Exeter based firm of Veitch Nurseries.
Veitch was born in Ancrum, near Jedburgh, Scotland, but left Scotland at an early age and walked to London to seek employment and his fortune. He found employment with the nursery business, Lees of Hammersmith on a wage of eight shillings a week. He then moved to Devon, to take up employment with Sir Thomas Dyke Acland, 7th Baronet at Killerton House, Broadclyst. As well as making the most of the superb natural features at Killerton, Veitch had paths and borders added and made full use of the gentle south facing slope and sheltered aspect. He quickly became the agent for the Acland Estate and had established his first nursery at Budlake, near Killerton, by 1800. 
Sir Thomas died in 1785, and work on Killerton House had fallen into abeyance. Veitch carried on his flourishing business as a landscape consultant and tree contractor, and in 1800, he became firmly established as a nurseryman following an order for trees to the value of £1,212. These were for Luscombe Castle where the renowned landscaper Humphry Repton was undertaking a major replanting of the main valley area. 
Veitch and his wife, Anna Davidson, had six children, including James, who helped his father on the Killerton estate from a very early age.
As the nursery business expanded, Veitch rented more land in 1810 before moving the operation to larger premises at Mount Radford, Exeter, in 1832. He was soon succeeded in the business by his son, James and grandson James junior, with James taking over the Exeter nursery, while James junior was sent to London to train there for two years as a nurseryman, before returning to Exeter, where he helped his father improve and expand the Exeter nursery, before acquiring premises in Chelsea, London.
John Veitch remained at Budlake and spent some time running down the nursery with another son, Thomas. As the Budlake venture closed other land purchases were made including, in 1836, a site at Broadclyst Heath called "Brockhill" to hold the majority of the tree stock from Budlake and in 1838 were purchased at Haldon for ornamentals. John Veitch entered retirement at Killerton aged 85 years and died there in 1839.

</doc>
<doc id="19484287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484287" title="Faina">
Faina

Faina may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19484295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484295" title="Kidnapped (1935 film)">
Kidnapped (1935 film)

Kidnapped is a 1935 Danish family film directed by Lau Lauritzen, Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks.

</doc>
<doc id="19484303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484303" title="The Four Temperaments (ballet)">
The Four Temperaments (ballet)

The Four Temperaments is a ballet made by New York City Ballet co-founder and balletmaster George Balanchine to music he commissioned from Paul Hindemith (the latter's eponymous 1940 music for string orchestra and piano) for the opening program of Ballet Society, immediate forerunner of City Ballet. The première took place on Wednesday, November 20th, 1946, at the Central High School of Needle Trades, New York City, with "mise en scène" by Kurt Seligmann and lighting by Jean Rosenthal. Leon Barzin conducted and the pianist was Nicholas Kopeikine. The City Ballet première was held in 1951 in practice clothes and without scenery; in 1964 it received new lighting at the New York State Theater, Lincoln Center, by David Hays. NYCB principal dancer Albert Evans chose to include "The Four Temperaments" in his farewell performance, Sunday, June 20th, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19484314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484314" title="Togay">
Togay

Togay () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19484325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484325" title="If Not for You (album)">
If Not for You (album)

If Not for You is the debut studio album by Australian singer Olivia Newton-John, released in November 1971 by Festival Records. The album was released on the Pye International Label in the UK as "Olivia Newton-John", with slightly alternative covers. As a cover album, "If Not for You" features mostly songs previously recorded from contemporary artists of 1960s and early 1970s. She made several performances to promote "If Not for You" and her follow-up album, "Olivia", including an international tour with British singer Cliff Richard. It was her first album released by Festival Records, which would release all her albums in Australia until its dissolution in 2005. It also has Newton-John's first works with her long-time musical partner, John Farrar.
Background and development.
In 1966, Newton-John released her debut single, "Till You Say You'll Be Mine" (with "For Ever" as B-side), by Decca Records. Later, she integrated the band Toomorrow, which released a film and its soundtrack in 1970. After these failed attempts to launch her career, she signed with Festival Records to release an album. "If Not for You" was titled after its successful lead single of the same name and was recorded in London, where Newton-John resided at the time. She later stated that she didn't like the song, but praised its production. The majority of musicians who played on "If Not for You" were linked with the music group Marvin, Welch & Farrar. The group members John Farrar and Bruce Welch produced the album. Welch was her boyfriend at the time and Farrar is the husband of Australian singer Pat Carroll, which is an Olivia's personal friend and toured with her in England at clubs and bars as "Pat and Olivia" in 1966. Farrar would establish a partnership with Newton-John, producing all her studios albums from "If Not for You" until "Soul Kiss", released in 1985. He also composed, played and did background vocals on several Newton-John songs. Three additional songs were recorded by Newton-John, but were discarded during the album creation process: "The Biggest Clown", "It's So Hard to Say Goodbye" and "Would You Follow Me". The first was released on "If Not for You" single, the second was released on "Love Song" promo single and later on "48 Original Tracks" compilation album and the third was released on some pressings of "Banks of the Ohio" single and also on "48 Original Tracks".
The album features covers of Roger Miller ("Me and Bobby McGee"), Bread ("If"), The Band ("In a Station"), Lesley Duncan ("Love Song" and "Lullaby"), Kris Kristofferson ("Help Me Make It Through the Night"), Bob Dylan ("If Not for You"), Brotherhood of Man ("Where Are You Going to My Love"), Gordon Lightfoot ("If You Could Read My Mind") and Tom Rush ("No Regrets"). "Banks of the Ohio" is a traditional song that had an arrangement made by Farrar and Welch.
Reception.
Critical response.
In a retrospective review, Joe Viglione from Allmusic made a positive review from the album, giving it four out five stars. He commented that "it would be a mistake to think these are all mere 'covers.' The production and arrangements by Bruce Welch and John Farrar are innovative and worthwhile." Viglione also praised Newton-John performance, stating: After all her own hit records, hearing this superstar sing so many familiar tunes, and performing them so well, is utterly charming."
Commercial performance.
In Newton-John's native country Australia, the album debuted at number sixteen on the week of 22 January 1972. "If Not for You" later peaked at number fourteen on the next week, staying four weeks on the chart and earning a platinum certification. Despite the lack of promotion in the country the album made a little impact in the United States, peaking at number one hundred fifty-eight on the "Billboard" 200. In the United Kingdom, where the album hit two singles on the top ten, "If Not for You" failed to chart.
Singles.
"If Not for You", the album title track, was released as lead single. The song peaked at number six on the UK Singles Charts and number fourteen on Australia's "Go-Set" singles chart. It also was an unexpected hit in North America, peaking at number twenty-five on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 and number eighteen on Canada's "RPM" top singles. The single was Newton-John's first number one on the US Top Easy Listening (now Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks). The second and last single, "Banks of the Ohio", was another success in the United Kingdom (peaking at number six) and Australia (giving Olivia's first number one hit in the country), but failed to reach the top forty in Canada and United States, peaking at number sixty-six and ninety-four, respectively.
To promote the album and Newton-John's image, the promotional singles "If You Could Read My Mind" (with "It's So Hard To Say Goodbye" as B-side) and "Love Song" (with "If" as B-side) where released in selected European countries. A german language version of "Banks of the Ohio", titled "Unten Am Fluss, Der Ohio Heisst", also was released.
Promotion.
Newton-John made several appearances on television programs across Europe and her homeland Australia between 1971–72. She also made an appearance on "The Dean Martin Show", singing "If" and a medley featuring "Just a Little Lovin'" / "True Love" with Dean Martin, which became her first performance in the United States. In 1972, she embarked on a tour across Europe and Japan with Cliff Richard to promote "If Not for You" and "Olivia", know as The Cliff Richard Show / If Not for You Tour. Olivia performed some songs and also made the background vocals of Cliff's songs, with Pat Carroll. Richard performances where released on "Cliff Richard Live!" album. She also made performances on Richard's program "It's Cliff Richard" and starred with him the special "Getaway with Cliff" and the film "The Case", all broadcast on BBC.
Releases.
The album was originally released on cassette and LP. The American edition, released by Uni Records prior its merger with Decca and Kapp labels to form MCA Records, went out of print following the release of Newton-John's 1973 album, "Let Me Be There", and became a rare collectors item. However, the original American edition of "Let Me Be There" features six tracks from "If Not for You". The album was first released on CD in Japan in 1990 as part of the EMI PASTMASTERS series (Cat.# CP21-6074). The album was simply called "OLIVIA NEWTON-JOHN", which was the full title of the original vinyl / cassette release in England in 1971. {It was initially released as "Olivia Newton-John" in England, and "If Not For You" in foreign territories, including the US and Australia.} This EMI 1990 CD release did not feature any of the original album artwork. Instead, the front cover photo is a "live" picture of Olivia from a 1977 appearance in Japan. The packaging included a [Japanese-language] OBI, and a folded white paper insert, containing all the song lyrics in English on 1 side, and in Japanese on the other. In Australia, Festival Records re-released the album on CD in 1993 and also in a digitally remastered edition along with other albums of Newton-John's discography in 1998. In this latter case, at least the first run of the remastered CD release (Festival Cat.# D34320 / D19809) was seriously botched. The first track on the album, "Me And Bobby McGee", was missing entirely from the CD; thus the CD started with the BREAD cover, "If", and contained only 11 of the 12 songs. Further, 3 of the latter songs on this release were mis-sequenced. However, the CD labeling lists all 12 original songs, in their original sequence / order. This was only one of the most offensive and obvious flaws by which many of Festival's 1998 Re-Masters can be characterized. However, the overall sonic quality of the 1998 remastered edition is quite good. 
Track listing.
All songs produced by John Farrar and Bruce Welch.
Credits and personnel.
Credits adapted from the album's liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="19484330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484330" title="Tukavila">
Tukavila

Tukavila may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19484337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484337" title="Geoff Lloyd's Hometime Show">
Geoff Lloyd's Hometime Show

Geoff Lloyd's Hometime Show is a drivetime radio programme, broadcast on Absolute Radio.
The show runs for three hours, between 5pm and 8pm, Monday to Thursday, and for two hours, between 5pm and 7pm, on Fridays. Presented by Geoff Lloyd, it also featured his 'symposium', comprising himself, Annabel Port, Gareth Evans and newsreader Tania Snuggs. A daily podcast of the previous afternoon's show is also produced.
During the introductions of each of the podcasts, Geoff reads out dedications sent in by listeners, known as a "Podication".
Presenters.
Geoff Lloyd.
Geoff Lloyd (born 20 April 1973 in Withington, Manchester) is a British radio presenter. He began presenting on Virgin Radio in 1998 alongside Pete Mitchell, moving to the breakfast show in 2003. In 2005, he and Pete left the breakfast slot and Geoff began his own late-night show, The Geoff Show in early 2006. In September 2008, the show was moved to an early evening slot when Virgin Radio became Absolute Radio.
Annabel Port.
Annabel Port (born 12 March 1975, Southend-on-Sea) is a British radio presenter. She began working at Virgin Radio in 2001, reading the travel news on the Pete and Geoff breakfast show. She worked on the Geoff Show from 2006 on Virgin Radio, and has co-presented the Hometime Show since it began in September 2008.
Greg Burke.
Greg Burke is a newsreader for Absolute Radio, and reads the news and sport for the Hometime Show.
Gareth Evans.
Gareth Evans (nicknamed 'Gruff' or 'Gaz' by Geoff Lloyd), is the producer of the show, and makes occasional on air contributions.
Nelson Kumah.
Nelson Kumah is a former producer of the show who mysteriously disappeared without any send off by the team or explanation.
Dan Benedictus.
Dan Benedictus is the assistant producer of the show. He also hosts a show on one of Absolute Radio's sister station, Absolute Radio 90s, on Sunday evenings.
Features.
The show also regularly features music sessions from bands and singers, many of which are available to watch on the show's website.

</doc>
<doc id="19484360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484360" title="When Will I Be Loved (song)">
When Will I Be Loved (song)

"When Will I Be Loved" is a classic popular song, written by Phil Everly of the Everly Brothers and a No. 8 hit single for that duo in the summer of 1960. The track had been recorded in 1959 while the Everly Brothers were contracted to Cadence Records; by 1960 they had moved to Warner Brothers and recording in a more mainstream pop/rock style than previously. The belated release by Cadence of "When Will I Be Loved" provided the Everly Brothers with a final rockabilly-style hit.
The song had its highest profile when Linda Ronstadt covered it on her album "Heart Like A Wheel". This version rearranges the verses of the Everly Brothers original, transposing the first and third verses. Capitol was reportedly unsure whether to release "When Will I Be Loved" or "You're No Good" as the lead 45 off of "Heart Like a Wheel", finally deciding to issue "You're No Good" as the priemier single. "When Will I Be Loved" was issued as the second single (in March, 1975) and hit #2 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in June of that year, as well #1 in Cash Box; only the chart dominance of the year's biggest hit: "Love Will Keep Us Together" by Captain & Tennille preventing Ronstadt from having consecutive No. 1 hit singles on the Hot 100 — a feat she did perform on the "Cash Box" Top 100 Singles chart on 21 June 1975, which ranked "When Will I Be Loved" at No. 1 ("You're No Good" had been No. 1 in both "Billboard" and "Cash Box" 15 February 1975). "Billboard" did afford a No. 1 ranking to "When Will I Be Loved" on its C&W chart, where it was Ronstadt's first of several chart-topper.
As Ronstadt's "When Will I Be Loved" descended the charts, its B-side, a remake of Buddy Holly's "It Doesn't Matter Anymore", garnered enough airplay to chart at No. 47 Pop, No. 20 Adult Contemporary and No. 54 Country.
Manfred Mann included a version of the song on their number-one EP in 1966.
In 1967 Johnny Young & Kompany reached No. 3 in Australia with "When Will I Be Loved" charted in tandem with its flip "Kiss Me Now".
Sandy Denny recorded a version of the song with Linda Thompson on the rock n' roll covers album "Rock On" with The Bunch in 1972. The track was also released as a single that same year.
Tanya Tucker recorded "When Will I Be Loved" for her 1975 album "Tanya Tucker"; the track features a harmony vocal by the song's composer, Phil Everly.
The 1985 "Magnum, P.I." episode "Let Me Hear the Music" features a live performance of "When Will I Be Loved" by Amanda McBroom while the "Jami McFame" episode of "According to Jim" (2008) features Jamison Belushi - daughter of series star James Belushi - performing the song.
Dolly Parton has performed the song live on numerous occasions, including on her 1987-88 TV series "Dolly."
In the movie "Cocktail" (1988), Tom Cruise and Elisabeth Shue dance and sing along to the jukebox which is playing "When Will I Be Loved".
Ria performed the song in the movie "When Will I Be Loved" (2004).
Carrie Underwood performed the song on American Idol in 2005.
John Fogerty remade "When Will I Be Loved" for his 2009 album "The Blue Ridge Rangers Rides Again"; the track is performed as a duet with Bruce Springsteen.
The Chapin Sisters remade "When Will I Be Loved" for their 2013 album release "A Date with the Everly Brothers".
Versions of "When Will I Be Loved" have also been recorded by Rosemary Clooney, John Denver, The Little River Band, Gram Parsons, Sandy Posey, Ricochet, and Rockpile. Vince Gill recorded the song for the soundtrack of the 1994 movie "8 Seconds".
In 2014, Billie Joe Armstrong of Green Day and Miranda Lambert performed the song at the Grammy Awards as a tribute to the song's writer who died in January 2014.
Chart performance<br>
The Everly Brothers
Linda Ronstadt

</doc>
<doc id="19484368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484368" title="Shooting at the 1992 Summer Olympics – Trap">
Shooting at the 1992 Summer Olympics – Trap

Trap was one of the thirteen shooting events at the 1992 Summer Olympics. It was the last Olympic trap competition open to both men and women. The competition consisted of a qualification round of 150 targets, a semifinal of 50 targets for the top 24 competitors, and a final of 25 targets for the top six. Petr Hrdlička and Kazumi Watanabe both hit 219 of the 225 targets, with Hrdlicka winning the gold medal shoot-off. One hit behind, another shoot-off determined the bronze medalist, with Marco Venturini defeating Jörg Damme.
Qualification round.
Q Qualified for semifinal
Semifinal.
OR Olympic record – Q Qualified for final
Final.
OR Olympic record

</doc>
<doc id="19484370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484370" title="Red Barn (RIT)">
Red Barn (RIT)

The Red Barn is a recreational facility at the Rochester Institute of Technology. Located on the west end of the RIT campus, the large, red-painted barn is the site of the university's Interactive Adventures program. It is perhaps best known for its rock climbing and bouldering facilities.
Rock climbing.
The Red Barn's of climbing surface is spread across a toprope wall and a top-out boulder on the first floor, and three bouldering caves in the basement. The walls' holds are regularly rearranged to create new problems.
Though the Red Barn is part of the Rochester Institute of Technology Center for Intercollegiate Athletics and Recreation department, its climbing facilities are open to the public on a limited basis, with memberships and day passes offered. Climbing shoes are also available for rent.

</doc>
<doc id="19484382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484382" title="Community Cyberinfrastructure for Advanced Microbial Ecology Research and Analysis">
Community Cyberinfrastructure for Advanced Microbial Ecology Research and Analysis

CAMERA, or the Community Cyberinfrastructure for Advanced Microbial Ecology Research and Analysis, is an online cloud computing service that provides hosted software tools and a high-performance computing infrastructure for the analysis of metagenomic data. The project was announced in January 2006, becoming Calit2's flagship project.
Mission.
The project aims to accelerate genomic research by amassing a large repository of metagenomic data generated by independent members of the research community at large, by developing a custom bioinformatics toolset optimized for cluster computing, and by offering the high-performance computing infrastructure on which to run it.
CAMERA helps scientists access and work with data from the Venter Institute's Global Ocean Sampling Expedition. In 2007, their GOS dataset was the largest ever released in the public domain. The group also places many other datasets for download on its website.
The project is funded by the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation which awarded a 7-year, $24.5-million research grant to the CAMERA project, beginning in January 2006.
History.
At its inception, CAMERA's mission focused on genomic research of marine microorganisms. CAMERA later expanded its mission to include terrestrial ecology and dropped the word, "Marine" from its original name, the "Community Cyberinfrastructure for Advanced Marine Microbial Ecology Research and Analysis". 
People.
CAMERA's leadership includes:

</doc>
<doc id="19484393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484393" title="Newbrough Hall">
Newbrough Hall

Newbrough Hall is an early 19th-century country house at Newbrough, about west of Hexham, Northumberland, England. It is a Grade II* listed building.
Newbrough was anciently part of the Manor of Thornton. The medieval tower house known as Thornton Tower was reported to be in a state of decay in a survey in 1541. The Grade II listed building is now completely ruinous.
The estate was held by John Armstrong in 1692 and by John Bacon in the early 18th century. By due descent the property passed to Bacon's great grandson, the Reverend Henry Wastell, in 1811.
Wastell built a new house adjacent to the old tower, to a design by architect John Dobson in 1812. The estate later passed to his daughter and her husband of 1901, Colonel Coulson. They commissioned architect Francis William Deas (1862–1951) to modernise the house in 1902. The resulting two-storey house, with five bays of which the central was pedimented, was extended with two rear wings attached to the 1813 coach house to create a central courtyard. The house was equipped with electricity for which purpose a detached power house was erected in the grounds. (The power house, now a separate dwelling, is Grade II listed).
Coulson's daughter married Walter Benson, High Sheriff of Northumberland in 1917. William Archer Benson was High Sheriff in 1951. The Benson family remained in residence until 1999. The house is occupied by their descendants who offer holiday accommodation.

</doc>
<doc id="19484394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484394" title="Lysakerelven">
Lysakerelven

Lysakerelven (also known as Lysakerelva, in either case meaning "the Lysaker River") is a river in Norway that forms the boundary between the municipalities of the capital city of Oslo and Bærum.
The river by this name has its source in Bogstadvannet, though the source is further up, at Langlivann, and Søndre and Nordre Heggelivann in Oslomarka, the forests surrounding Oslo. Consequently, it is considered part of Oslomarkvassdragene, the river system flowing through these forests, and more specifically Sørkedalsvassdraget, the valley above Bogstadvannet. It flows out into Lysakerfjorden, part of Oslofjorden near Lysaker.
History.
There is evidence that the river has been used for mills since the 12th century, and probably earlier. The old name of the river was "Få" (Norse "Fǫð"), which means "fence" or "boundary". In the 18th century, Bogstadvannet was also known as Faavandet.
By 1660, twelve farms had claims to the hydromechanical power generated by the river. These farms, several of which have since given names to neighborhoods in Aker (now Oslo) and Bærum, were:
From Bogstadvannet going south, there are several sites of historical significance.
Osdammen.
Osdammen was a dam with a resident mill for the sawmill at Bogstad. There is evidence that there was a sawmill at this site going back as far as the 16th century. Sources also suggested it delivered lumber for reconstruction in London after the Great Fire in 1666. The mill was in operation until 1915, when the owners at Bogstad agreed with the mill owner at Grini, Løvenskiold, to shut down the mill in return for enough electricity to set up a sawmill at Zinoerbrua.
Fossum Jernverk.
A mill with a finery forge and trip hammer were established here around 1780 by Conrad Clausen, the owner of Bærum Jernverk (Bærum Ironworks). The forge was situated on the Bærum side and measured 30 by 19 Norwegian ells (about 18 meters by 12 meters). It had an annual capacity of about 250 tons of wrought iron. The pig iron originated in Southern Norway, whence it was transported by ship and unloaded at the dock at Vækerø before being pulled by horse and cart to the mill.
Recreation.
The river is long, with a total fall of . It includes several smaller rapids and waterfalls, the most prominent of these being Granfossen, often known as Fåbrofossen. In later years, the area around the river has been developed as a recreational area, and a footpath follows the entire length of the river on both the Oslo and Bærum sides, so that it is possible to hike around the entire river, from the Oslofjord to Bogstadvannet on one side, and back on the other. Further, the footpath connects to the network of paths throughout the forests outside Oslo, and those around the Oslofjord. The path on the Oslo side is also suitable for cycling. The terrain and scenery is quite varied along the footpaths, ranging from significant hills to flat and undulating stretches. Some of the rapids are strong enough that the river is used for kayak training; other places swimming has become popular.
Natural resources.
Lysakerelven runs through a varied landscape. The basin consists mainly of spruce forest, but in the area around Bogstadvannet there is also deciduous forest. From this source, the river at first meanders to about Grinidammen, and then carves an increasingly deep valley into the landscape, and at the stretch around and south of Jar, it forms a canyon with a few natural pools occurring along the way. Historically, a number of mills and also manufacturing facilities were based around the river south of Bogstad, but these have largely given way to large residential areas that are part of the Oslo and Bærum conurbation.
The banks of the river include a wide variety of plant life. Though environmental conditions in the river have improved significantly in the last few decades, efforts are underway to improve it further. A study in 2006 recommended that the area be designed a "very important" natural resource, with most areas set aside as a natural reservation. The findings showed that the area around the river contained a rich diversity of plant and animal species, including 27 that are on the national IUCN Red List. A good variety of fish thrive in the river, and limited recreational fishing is permitted, particularly for trout. 68 different species of birds have been identified, among them the Dendrocopos minor (Lesser Spotted Woodpecker), which is redlisted in Norway; and the area is considered an essential habitat for passerine birds in the metropolitan Oslo area. The area serves as a wildlife thoroughfare for mammals from the forests to the coastal regions, including moose and deer, who also graze there. Squirrels, red fox, badgers and other smaller rodents make their homes in the area.
The redlisted species found in the area include 2 species of vascular plants, 8 mosses, 13 fungi, 2 insects, and 1 species of bird.
Fishing is allowed in Lysakerelven with the necessary permits only. Two species of fish dominate the river: brown trout and common minnow. salmon and sea trout will make their way from the ocean up to Fåbrofossen, whereas perch, common roach, northern pike, and common bleak will swim down from Bogstadvannet 

</doc>
<doc id="19484399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484399" title="Achiemore, Strath Halladale">
Achiemore, Strath Halladale

Achiemore is a hamlet in Strath Halladale in Sutherland, in the Highland council area of Scotland. Achiemore is situated to the north of Smigel Burn on the right bank of the Halladale River just beyond where the Allt an Tigh-choinneirnh flows and Upper Bighouse. The village and station of Forsinard is 15 km to the south, and Melvich, on the north coast, is roughly 4.5 miles (7 kilometes) to the north. Culfern is just to the north and contains ruins. The A897 road passes through Achiemore.
Achiemore contains the Strath Halladale Mission Church, a Grade C listed building which is dated to 1845. It is a rectangular rubble church with a long 4-bay elevation facing the A897 to the west. It became a listed building on 7 March 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="19484404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484404" title="Week-end (1935 film)">
Week-end (1935 film)

Week-end is a 1935 Danish film directed by Lau Lauritzen, Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks.

</doc>
<doc id="19484414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484414" title="Walworth Joint School District 1">
Walworth Joint School District 1

Walworth Grade School is a Prek-8 public grade school located in South Central Walworth County in the Village of Walworth, Wisconsin. Walworth Elementary serves as a "feeder" school for Big Foot High School as part of the Big Foot Area Schools Association. Walworth Joint School District #1 is governed by a five-member board of education.
Statistics.
Founded: 1856 
Enrollment: 575 (2006) 
District Administrator: Mrs. Pamela Knorr 
Principal: Mrs. Pamela Larson, 
Coeducational: Yes 
Colors: Purple and Gold
Team name: Walworth Wildcats (formerly Walworth Warriors)

</doc>
<doc id="19484443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484443" title="All Saints Anglican Church (English Harbour, Newfoundland and Labrador)">
All Saints Anglican Church (English Harbour, Newfoundland and Labrador)

All Saints Anglican Church is an historic Carpenter Gothic style Anglican church building located in English Harbour, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
History.
Built in 1888-1889 of wood, its steep pitched roof and lancet windows are typical of Gothic Revival churches. The church's historic cemetery contains the graves of many area pioneers, including the victims of the Trinity Bay Disaster of 1892 in which numerous fishermen hunting seals in the bay were caught in a sudden freezing storm.
All Saints Church including its cemetery is a provincial heritage site as designated by the Heritage Foundation of Newfoundland and Labrador on May 7, 2005. . The English Harbour Arts Association is dedicated to preserving All Saints and to creating "an economically viable cultural centre."

</doc>
<doc id="19484453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484453" title="George's Schoolhouse Raid">
George's Schoolhouse Raid

The George's Schoolhouse Raid was a Confederate partisan raid led by local guerrilla John Mobberly on the Union garrison at Lovettsville in Loudoun County, Virginia on January 17, 1865, during the American Civil War. The raid was tactically inconclusive. After surprising the sleeping garrison, the Confederates were driven away by superior force, taking with them only a few horses and prisoners. The raid is notable for being the last partisan action in Loudoun County involving Elijah V. White's 35th Battalion of Virginia Cavalry.
Background.
At the end of 1864, the beginning of a very cold winter was setting in over northern Virginia. Colonel Elijah V. White and his 35th Battalion of Virginia Cavalry were in winter quarters with the Confederate army in the Shenandoah Valley, watching their rations dwindle. White, facing the desertion and starvation of his ranks, managed to obtain permission to take the 35th back home to Loudoun County so that he might try to obtain forage and resume partisan activities against the Federal army occupying the county. The Federals too were settling into winter quarters, though with far greater rations and prospects for the spring campaign season. Around Christmas 1864, Col. Thomas C. Devin's cavalry brigade from the Harpers Ferry garrison, who regularly patrolled Loudoun, made camp northwest of the Unionist village of Lovettsville in the vicinity of George's Schoolhouse, just east of the Short Hill Mountain.
Upon returning to the county on January 3, 1865, White and his men witnessed the devastation in the Loudoun Valley from Phil Sheridan's Burning Raid and the toll from Federal incursions in the county. A little more than a week later, on January 12, members of the 35th were attending a party in Hillsborough, when they were surprised by the Unionist Loudoun Rangers, leaving one dead and two captured. Colonel White became convinced not to spend the winter in the midst of the enemy without taking action. The Federals were wholly unable to disrupt communication between the partisan groups operating in the county, and White was able to bring together a raiding party of 80 or so men composed of members of the 35th, Mosby's Rangers and John Mobberly's independent command.
The Raid.
On the night of January 17, the raiding party, led by Mobberly, made its way up the Between the Hills valley from Hillsborough to Neersville, where they crossed the Short Hill on a footpath known only to locals such as Mobberly. Upon reaching the eastern side of the mountain, the group sneaked up on the pickets of Devin's camp and captured them before they could sound an alarm. As they approached the reserve post on the Harpers Ferry-Lovettsville Road, they did not have such fortune, and the post could not be taken without gunfire. Believing their cover blown, although it had not, the party charged the Union camp, only to discover it had recently been reinforced with an additional 200 men, bringing the total to 400. Under the cover of dark and a blanket of fresh snow, the raiding party was able to surprise and capture 150 men and horses of the recently arrived reinforcements.
Union officer Captain Bell was able to assemble his undressed men and began to advance on the raiding party with pistols and carbines drawn. Unable to withstand an assault by some 250 Union troops and hold 150 prisoners and horses, the raiding party broke off the attack, abandoning all of their prisoners except 50 horses and a dozen men. They made a quick retreat back to Woodgrove and disbanded, with the Federals unable to give meaningful chase in their unprepared condition.
Results.
The raid was largely unsuccessful, but it did highlight the Federals' continuing inability to effectively deal with partisans in Loudoun. For the 35th, the raid was their last in the county. At the end of the winter, they were mustered into regular service and re-absorbed into the Laurel Brigade, of which White would assume command. For Mobberly, it was his last concerted action against the Federals in the county before he was gunned down on April 15.

</doc>
<doc id="19484455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484455" title="Salomy Jane (film)">
Salomy Jane (film)

Salomy Jane (1914) is a Western feature film based on Bret Harte's 1898 novella of the same name. It is the only known surviving complete work of silent film era actress Beatriz Michelena and the California Motion Picture Corporation.
Plot.
Rough-and-tumble Gold Rush-era California: a woman (Salomy Jane) is saved from a ruffian (Red Pete) by a heroic stranger (Jack Dart), the latter saved from a lynching when falsely accused of a crime.
Distinctions.
"Salomy Jane" was the debut California Motion Picture Corporation feature as well as screen appearance by stage actress and singer Beatriz Michelena. George E. Middleton saw in his Latina wife a competitor to Mary Pickford as a premier screen star, each production intended to be Michelena's vehicle to success. Despite being well received by the public it did not return a profit for the national distributor, Alco Film. The subsequent productions being commercial failures, did not preclude Michelena wanting demanding star-treatment perquisites that proved to much to the studio. The duo left California Motion Picture forming Beatriz Michelena Features, producing "Just Squaw" (1919) and "The Flame of Hellgate" (1920). Middleton and Michelena divorced in the 1920s.
"Salomy Jane" (1914), long cited as the debut appearance of Jack Holt seems to be in error as he had been taking bit parts during the preceding year. It is the scene in which he rides a horse to the edge of a steep embankment then jumps off tumbling more than a hundred feet down into the Russian River. The stunt netted him a bit part as a saloon patron.
Restoration.
All California Motion Picture Corporation and Beatrice Michelena Studio films were believed lost due to a 1931 studio fire in San Rafael, California caused by a child's firecracker prank that destroyed the vault in which the films were stored. However, a "Salomy Jane" (1914) print was found in Australia in 1996, has been preserved by the Library of Congress. New 35mm prints began limited circulation in 2008. The restoration was a DVD released (2011) by the National Film Preservation Foundation in the anthology "Treasures 5: The West 1898–1938".
Remakes.
Remade as "Salomy Jane" (1923) by Famous Players-Lasky and released by Paramount Pictures,
Remade as "Wild Girl" (1932) by Fox Film Corporation.

</doc>
<doc id="19484483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484483" title="HD 24480">
HD 24480

HD 24480 is a double star in the constellation Camelopardalis.

</doc>
<doc id="19484496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484496" title="Turkan">
Turkan

Turkan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19484497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484497" title="HEC-HMS">
HEC-HMS

The Hydrologic Modeling System (HEC-HMS) is designed to simulate the precipitation-runoff processes of dendritic drainage basins. It is designed to be applicable in a wide range of geographic areas for solving the widest possible range of problems. This includes large river basin water supply and flood hydrology, and small urban or natural watershed runoff. Hydrographs produced by the program are used directly or in conjunction with other software for studies of water availability, urban drainage, flow forecasting, future urbanization impact, reservoir spillway design, flood damage reduction, floodplain regulation, and systems operation.
The program is a generalized modeling system capable of representing many different watersheds. A model of the watershed is constructed by separating the water cycle into manageable pieces and constructing boundaries around the watershed of interest. Any mass or energy flux in the cycle can then be represented with a mathematical model. In most cases, several model choices are available for representing each flux. Each mathematical model included in the program is suitable in different environments and under different conditions. Making the correct choice requires knowledge of the watershed, the goals of the hydrologic study, and engineering judgement.
HEC-HMS is a product of the Hydrologic Engineering Center within the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. The program was developed beginning in 1992 as a replacement for HEC-1 which has long been considered a standard for hydrologic simulation. The new HEC-HMS provides almost all of the same simulation capabilities, but has modernized them with advances in numerical analysis that take advantage of the significantly faster desktop computers available today. It also includes a number of features that were not included in HEC-1, such as continuous simulation and grid cell surface hydrology. It also provides a graphical user interface to make it easier to use the software. The program is now widely used and accepted for many official purposes, such as floodway determinations for the Federal Emergency Management Agency in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19484498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484498" title="Tripwire (G.I. Joe)">
Tripwire (G.I. Joe)

Tripwire is a fictional character from the toyline, comic books and cartoon series. He is the G.I. Joe Team's mine detector, and debuted in 1983.
Profile.
His real name is Tormod S. Skoog, and his rank is that of specialist E-4. Tripwire was born in Hibbing, Minnesota. His primary military specialty is explosive ordnance disposal (EOD) and his secondary military specialty is demolitions.
Because his father was a career naval officer, Tripwire went to a high school on a naval base in Yokosuka, Japan. However, he dropped out to spend two years in a zen monastery, pondering the meaning of life. He was expelled for breaking too many dishes & spilling every conceivable liquid. Tripwire joined the army at age 19, and claims to have received spiritual awakening on the grenade range. He is proficient with all NATO and Warsaw Pact explosives, detonators, ignition initiators and blasting machines. He is a qualified expert with the M1911A1 Auto Pistol.
Toy history.
Tripwire was first released as an action figure in 1983. Overall, he has had 6 releases, using a total of 2 unique molds. His basic appearance has remained the same for each of his releases. He has had the same basic uniform for all of his variations, painted in different colors. He has had a green/grey uniform (1983, 2001, and 2008), a red/orange (1985, packaged with a "Listen n Fun" audio tape), and a brown/yellow/black Tiger Force style (1988). His 2001 issue is a double pack with the G.I. Joe member 'Big Brawler'. All versions include a mine detector/metal detector and several mines.
His file card states that he "freaks people out. He's always clumsy, jittery, and dropping things "except" when he's working with high explosives. Explosives are the only things that calm him down". This source of humor is played up in the comics (see below).
Comics.
Marvel Comics.
Tripwire first appeared in the Marvel Comics "G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero" #16 (October 1983). There, he saves the U.S. Treasury from a bomb planted by Doctor Venom.
Tripwire, Mutt and Torpedo are assigned to investigate Cobra activity in the Florida Everglades. They encounter most of Cobra high command and temporarily capture Firefly and Wild Weasel.
In issue 28, Tripwire attempts to save the lives of other Joes by throwing himself on top of a makeshift bomb. Roadblock safely disposes of the bomb and lectures Tripwire on unneeded heroism.
Tripwire is one of the Joes assigned to test out the new, mobile battle platform. It comes under heavy attack by Cobra forces. After that threat is defeated, all available Joes take part in an aborted raid on the newly formed Cobra Island.
Tripwire, like all active Joes, takes part in the invasion of Springfield. Later, he saves a Joe assault team by defusing bombs moments before Tomax and Xamot would have set them off.
Tripwire is used as a source of comic relief, playing-off the juxtaposition of his extreme clumsiness and his role as the Joe team's EOD expert. For example, in issue 16 Tripwire trips over his metal detector while carrying a backpack full of mines; in issue 22 he falls over while carrying a tall stack of dishes; and in issue 25 he falls off the Dragonfly's skids during an airborne insertion.
Devil's Due.
Like many Joes, Tripwire makes the move to Devil's Due publishing when they gained the G.I. Joe license. He is there to take control of a nuclear bomb stolen from Cobra forces, or so the Joes believe. As is typical for his appearance in comics, he trips right after warmly greeting Clutch. Upon taking the device from Deep Six, he pretends to drop it as a joke.
In the 2003 "Frontline" miniseries, Tripwire works with Flash, Beach Head and Airtight to prevent a militia led by Tyler Wingfield from launching a bioterrorist attack, but they wind up coming into conflict with Joe undercover specialist Chuckles, who had come in contact with the group while posing as a Cobra agent. When all four parachute from a Tomahawk down to the rendezvous point in Colorado, Tripwire trips on his own feet on his way out. He is later seen as a member of one of many Joe squads fighting Cobra across the world.
Animated series appearances.
Sunbow Series.
Tripwire appeared in the original "" animated series. Tripwire in his first uniform appeared throughout the first and second season of G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero and was voiced by Rob Paulsen.
Tripwire appears in the following Episodes (in alphabetic order):
Captives of Cobra<br>
Cobra Claws is Coming to Town<br>
Flint's Vacation <br>
G.I. Joe I <br>
G.I. Joe II (Revenge of Cobra) <br>
The Synthoid Conspiracy
"G.I. Joe: The Movie".
Tripwire is shown in a few scenes of "G.I. Joe: The Movie", but like many of the characters of the Sunbow Cartoon, he has a very minor role. He observes the trial of Lt. Falcon and is later seen retreating from Cobra-La before it explodes.
G.I. Joe: Renegades.
Tripwire as Private Skoog appears in the "" episode "Homecoming" Pt. 2 voiced by Andrew Kishino. In a flashback, Skoog steps on a land mine and is eventually rescued by Duke who pushes him off the landmine taking the brunt of the explosion.

</doc>
<doc id="19484531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484531" title="Snushanerne">
Snushanerne

Snushanerne is a 1936 Danish film directed by Lau Lauritzen, Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks.

</doc>
<doc id="19484548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484548" title="Mike Marquardt">
Mike Marquardt

Michael Marquardt (born July 10, 1982 in Vista, California) is an American football defensive tackle who is currently a free agent. He was signed by the Cincinnati Bengals as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Arizona State.
Marquardt has also been a member of the Carolina Panthers, Philadelphia Eagles, St. Louis Rams and Washington Redskins.
Early years.
Marquardt attended Rancho Buena Vista High School in Vista, California. He was named a Prep Star magazine All-American and named All C.I.F. and All-league as a senior. He also earned Palomar League Most-Valuable Player honors as a senior when he had 40 tackles and a team-leading 18 sacks while forcing four fumbles and returning one for a touchdown.
College career.
Brigham Young.
Marquart began his college career at Brigham Young University in 2000, redshirting that year. In 2001 he played in 10 games for the Cougars and had 11 tackles, including five tackles and three sacks. After the 2001 season he served mission for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Bahía Blanca, Argentina. He returned for the 2004 season and he played in 11 games, totaling five tackles, including one tackle for loss.
Arizona State.
Marquart sat out 2005 after transferring to Arizona State University. In 2006 he started 12 of 13 games played and was honorable mention All-Pac-10, totaling 25 tackles (18 solo), 7.5 tackles-for-loss, 3.5 sacks. As a senior, in 2007, he started 11 games and again earned honorable mention All-Pac-10 recognition. He totaled 23 tackles (11 solo), two fumble recoveries and 1.5 tackles-for-loss on the year. Both in 2006 and 2007 he was All-Academic Pac-10 and was a semifinalist for the 2007 Draddy Trophy, nicknamed the "Academic Hesiman".
Statistics.
Key: GP - games played; GS - games started; UA - unassisted tackles; AT - assisted tackles; TT - total tackles; T/L - tackles for a loss; Sacks - ; FF – Forced fumble ; FR – Fumbles recovered; PD - passes deflected; Int - interceptions
Professional career.
Pre-draft.
Marquardt ran a 4.97 forty-yard dash.
Cincinnati Bengals.
After going undrafted in the 2008 NFL Draft, Marquardt signed with the Cincinnati Bengals as an undrafted free agent. He was waived by the team on July 7.
Carolina Panthers.
Marquardt was then signed by the Carolina Panthers, but was waived on August 6, 2008.
Philadelphia Eagles.
Marquardt was signed by the Philadelphia Eagles on August 10, 2008. He was waived by the team during final cuts, but re-signed to the practice squad on September 1.
St. Louis Rams.
Marquardt was signed by the St. Louis Rams on April 2, 2009, only to be released a month later on May 1.
Washington Redskins.
Marquardt was signed by the Washington Redskins on August 5, 2009 after the team waived defensive tackle Vaka Manupuna. He was waived on August 30.

</doc>
<doc id="19484567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484567" title="833d Air Division">
833d Air Division

The 833d Air Division (838 AD) is an inactive United States Air Force organization. Its last assignment was with Tactical Air Command, assigned to Twelfth Air Force, being stationed at Holloman Air Force Base, New Mexico. It was inactivated on 15 November 1991.
From September 1964 – December 1969, the organization supervised and managed selected fighter and reconnaissance forces of Ninth Air Force. During the Dominican Republic crisis of 1965–1966, subordinate units flew reconnaissance missions and deployed personnel and aircraft to Ramey AFB, Puerto Rico, and San Isidro AB, Dominican Republic.
Between 1964 and 1969, the division supported USAF operations in Southeast Asia. The seizure of the USS Pueblo on the high seas by the North Koreans in January 1968 saw elements of assigned wings deployed to the Far East, and a number of Air National Guard organizations called to extended service were incorporated into the 833d's training program. Inactivated in 1969 due to budget reductions, assigned units coming over control of Ninth Air Force.
Reactivated as part of Rapid Deployment Force in 1980, assigned to Twelfth Air Force. The division provided command supervision to assigned units in Western US December 1980 – November 1991. Subordinate units maintained proficiency in the F-15 Eagle air superiority aircraft and trained aircrews of allied countries. Its units screened new tactical air force crews for fighter aptitude while providing basic combat aircrew academic and flight training in the tactics, techniques and operations of fighter aircraft. They also conducted training courses for jet currency, instructor pilot upgrade, and forward air controller (FAC) orientations. The division participated in numerous tactical exercises in Middle East such as Border Star, Coronet Compass, and Bright Star.
Inactivated in 1991 after Operation Desert Storm when United States Air Forces Central Command took over mission responsibility, activities assigned to 4404th Wing (Provisional).
History.
Components.
Wings
Groups
Aircraft.
L TF/RF-101, 1964–1969

</doc>
<doc id="19484575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484575" title="Wannee, Florida">
Wannee, Florida

Wannee is an unincorporated community in Gilchrist County, Florida, United States. It is located on the Suwannee River about southwest of Bell.
Geography.
It is located at , with an elevation of .
References.
Wanee is the site of an old logging camp (early 1900s).
Wanee is also the location Marilyn Monroe picked to build a vacation home so that she would be close to visit with her mother. In Marilyn's Trust, (separate of her will), she left the land to her mother Gladys Pearl Ely (Baker). Gladys Ely had a Trust as well, where by all is referenced, showing the land transfer from the Estate of Marilyn Monroe to Gladys Pearl Ely (Baker). These documents can be viewed by contacting the Alachua County Clerk's office, as well as the Gilchrist County Clerk's office.

</doc>
<doc id="19484598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484598" title="1979 Winchester 400">
1979 Winchester 400

The 1979 Winchester 400 motor race, the tenth annual (run yearly since 1970), was held as the "Dri-Power 400" under American Speed Association sanction on October 7, 1979, at the Winchester Speedway, in Indiana (USA).
For the first time since 1974, the Winchester 400 had a new winner, Columbus, Ohio driver Don Gregory. Driving the Jeg’s Hi Performance Oldsmobile, Gregory took the lead on lap 320 when five-time defending race winner Bob Senneker was forced to pit after hitting the outside wall.
Race summary.
Driving the Obie-Baker Chevrolet, Randy Sweet turned in a track record lap of 16.142 seconds (111.510 MPH) to be the fastest qualifier of the 51 cars that attempted to make the 36-car field. At the start, Sweet jumped ahead of the field and into a comfortable lead. Despite shortening the field from 40 to 36 cars, the race had an early, multi-car incident when Mickey Flora lost an engine on lap 32, triggering a pileup involving the cars of Doug Klein, John Martin, Dick Trickle, Ed Cooper and Moose Myers.
Sweet led the initial 80 laps. Senneker then led until he pitted on lap 90. Dave Roahrig then took the lead with Ray Young, Mark Martin, Gregory, L.J. Lines, Mike Eddy, and Senneker close behind. Roahrig remained out front until stopping in the pits on lap 152, giving the lead to Lines for the first time in his "400" career. Lines remained in front until he pitted on lap 192 and handed the lead to Eddy. Senneker retook the lead on lap 247 and held it for the next 56 laps. Passing the 300-lap mark,M. Martin, Senneker, and Eddy all took turns leading over an eight-lap period before Senneker was back in front on lap 311.
Poised for a sixth consecutive win, Senneker slid into the outside wall while leading on lap 320 allowing Gregory to take the lead. In the final 100 laps, M. Martin suffered engine problems and Eddy was forced to make a green-flag stop for fuel. Leading the final 81 laps, Gregory held on to collect the second win of his long ASA career and a "400" record $10,025 winner’s check. Ray Young finished second with Eddy, Trickle and Butch Miller finishing third through fifth.

</doc>
<doc id="19484617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484617" title="Panserbasse">
Panserbasse

Panserbasse is a 1936 Danish film directed by Lau Lauritzen, Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks.

</doc>
<doc id="19484619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484619" title="Auditorium (video game)">
Auditorium (video game)

Auditorium is a music-based puzzle game developed by Philadelphia-based studio Cipher Prime. Originally released as a Flash game in April 2008, "Auditorium" was later released for iOS devices and then the PlayStation 3 and PSP in 2010. It was also released in 2012 for PC and Mac OS X. An Xbox 360 version was also announced but has yet to be released. In 2012, Cipher Prime launched a successful Kickstarter campaign for a sequel to Auditorium, titled Auditorium 2: Duet.
Gameplay.
In "Auditorium", the player uses various game mechanics to bend streams of light particles to fill audio containers. As each of the audio containers is filled, an audio channel introducing an instrument or sound is added to the game's music. In most levels, the audio containers are a variety of colors which the particle stream must match in order to fill it. The player changes the color of the stream by manipulating it over fixed areas of the level which dye the particles as they pass through them. The goal of each level is to direct and split the stream in such a way that each audio container is filled simultaneously, revealing the level's full soundtrack.
A variety of control points are available to the player, each of which modifies the trajectory of the particle stream in a certain way. In each level, the player is given a set selection of control points which they place in certain positions in the level. These controls include:
With the exception of the Deflect Control, the player can also adjust the strength of each control by increasing its size.
Some levels also contain obstacles which affect the trajectory of the particle stream. The player cannot interact with obstacles so must instead use the tools available to overcome them in some way. These obstacles include:
Platforms.
The first Flash version of "Auditorium" was released on PC in April 2008. An EA-published iOS port was released in December 2009. The free game includes five acts with further acts available to purchase in-game.
In November 2009 it was announced that "Auditorium" would be released for the PlayStation 3, Xbox 360 and PSP as a downloadable title from the PlayStation Store and Xbox Live Arcade. The PlayStation 3 version supports stereoscopic 3D gameplay and utilizes the PlayStation Move motion controller. The console version of the game was released in November 2010.
On February 29, 2012, The game was also released on the Steam store for Microsoft Windows and Mac OS X.
As of February 3, 2013, the game has yet to be released for Xbox Live Arcade.
Reception.
Auditorium received generally positive reviews, gaining an aggregate review score on Metacritic of 80 for the iOS version and 79 on PS3.

</doc>
<doc id="19484627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484627" title="Gisèle Lamoureux">
Gisèle Lamoureux

Gisèle Lamoureux, is a Québécoise photographer, botanist and ecologist, born in Montreal, 5 October 1942.
She is the founder of Guides Fleurbec which made their debut in the 1970s.
She is an activist for the protection of wild garlic since 1979, an initiative taken up when the Quebec law for the protection of endangered species was enacted.

</doc>
<doc id="19484631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484631" title="2000 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships – Singles">
2000 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships – Singles

Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="19484652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484652" title="1994 Waldbaum's Hamlet Cup">
1994 Waldbaum's Hamlet Cup

The 1994 Waldbaum's Hamlet Cup was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 14th edition of the event known that year as the Waldbaum's Hamlet Cup, and was part of the World Series of the 1994 ATP Tour. It took place at the Hamlet Golf and Country Club in Commack, Long Island, New York, United States, from August 22 through August 28, 1994.
The singles field was led by ATP No. 2, Wimbledon runner-up, Kitzbühel and Tokyo indoor winner Goran Ivanišević, Doha, Stuttgart indoor and Washington titlist Stefan Edberg, and Jakarta, Philadelphia, Hong Kong, Atlanta and Cincinnati champion Michael Chang. Also competing were Australian Open runner-up, Wimbledon semifinalist Todd Martin, Adelaide and Copenhagen titlist Yevgeny Kafelnikov, Cédric Pioline, Marc Rosset and Arnaud Boetsch.

</doc>
<doc id="19484679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484679" title="Cirkusrevyen 1936">
Cirkusrevyen 1936

Cirkusrevyen 1936 is a 1936 Danish comedy film directed by Lau Lauritzen, Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks. 

</doc>
<doc id="19484692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484692" title="Casio G'zOne Boulder">
Casio G'zOne Boulder

The G'zOne Boulder is a handset offered by Verizon Wireless from August 2008 through November 2009. It was marketed as a durable, rugged, water-resistant handset that could weather rough handling and can be submerged in a meter of water for thirty minutes. The phone features Casio G-Shock technology. The phone is a clamshell design.
Firmware over the air (FOTA).
The handset was one of Verizon's first to offer automatic updates of the handset's operating system software using firmware over the air (FOTA) technology. Whereas formerly, customers would have to dial *228 to manually run updates, this handset features a "special offering" mode complete with a notice beep and a countdown clock, warning the user of the automated imminent update.
Replacement.
The G'zOne Boulder was replaced by the G'zOne Rock on November 30, 2009. This phone continues offering the same features as the Boulder.
E911.
The phone is Enhanced 911 enabled.
Camera.
The phone includes a desktop cradle that stands into an phone upright position. The handset has a still and video camera on its top edge.

</doc>
<doc id="19484703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484703" title="Big Vraca">
Big Vraca

Big Vraca (; ) is a mountain in the southern end of the Šar Mountains in Kosovo and the Republic of Macedonia. It measures a height of above sea level. Vraca is one of the easiest peaks in the Šar Mountains to climb. It is on Big Vraca in the Kosovan side where the Radika river originates.
Notes and references.
Notes:
References:

</doc>
<doc id="19484714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484714" title="Tony Wilkie">
Tony Wilkie

Tony Wilkie won the position of Mayor of Centre, Alabama, in August 2008, having got 440 votes against the previous incumbent's 419.

</doc>
<doc id="19484718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484718" title="38 (disambiguation)">
38 (disambiguation)

Thirty-eight or '"38" may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19484729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484729" title="Jacques Prevel">
Jacques Prevel

Jacques Marie Prevel (1915 Paris - 1951 ) was a French poet. His real first name was Jacques, but he added 'Marie' not to be mistaken with Jacques Prévert, whose surname is pronounced in a very similar way. During the German occupation he lived in the famous Parisiene district Saint-Germain-des-Près.
Among his friends were the members of the "Le Grand Jeu" movement, René Daumal and Roger Gilbert-Lecomte, and also Antonin Artaud. Prevel considered Artaud his master, but Artaud admired Prevel's writings as well - he wrote about him (often "more portraying himself" ) and dictated his visions to him. Prevel also supplied Artaud with laudanum and opium. Prevel died of tuberculosis in the Sainte-Peyre hospital in the arms of his second love Jany.
Bibliography.
Poetry.
""It will be essential to work until the end of times, to find again the Gesture and the Word."".

</doc>
<doc id="19484739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484739" title="Răchitiş">
Răchitiş

Răchitiş may refer to several villages in Romania:

</doc>
<doc id="19484761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484761" title="Randy Rogers Band (album)">
Randy Rogers Band (album)

Randy Rogers Band is the sixth album released by the Randy Rogers Band, an American country music group. This is their second album on a major label. "In My Arms Instead" was the first single released from the album; it entered the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart at #58.

</doc>
<doc id="19484762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484762" title="Uwe Wassmer">
Uwe Wassmer

Uwe Wassmer (born January 22, 1966 in Wehr, Baden-Württemberg) is a German former footballer who played as a striker during the 1980s and 1990s.
Wassmer began his career in Switzerland with FC Aarau in 1985 and spent three years with the club before joining FC Schalke 04 of Germany. After just one season with Schalke, he returned to Switzerland to play for FC Basel. He spent just one season at Basel, also, and went back to FC Aarau for the second time in his career. In 1993, he signed for SC Freiburg where he went on to play over 100 matches, scoring 30 goals. SV Waldhof Mannheim signed him in 1999 and he retired in the Summer of 2000.
On July 1, 2003, he became manager of amateur Swiss team Dottingen SV. During the 2003/04 season, his team were ptomoted to the regional league but were relegated after just one season. In August 2008, he was appointed manager of German side SC Riegel.

</doc>
<doc id="19484764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484764" title="Pluguşorul">
Pluguşorul

"" literally means "little plough" in Romanian, "-ul" being enclitic definite article.

</doc>
<doc id="19484766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484766" title="En fuldendt gentleman">
En fuldendt gentleman

En fuldendt gentleman is a 1937 Danish family film directed by Lau Lauritzen, Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks.

</doc>
<doc id="19484779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484779" title="Deep Freeze (software)">
Deep Freeze (software)

Deep Freeze, by Faronics, is an application available for the Microsoft Windows, Mac OS X, and SUSE Linux operating systems which allows system administrators to protect the core operating system and configuration files on a workstation or server by restoring a computer back to its original configuration each time the computer restarts.
Operation.
Deep Freeze is a kernel-level driver that protects hard drive integrity by redirecting information being written to the hard drive or partition, leaving the original data intact. This redirected information is no longer referenced once the computer is restarted, thus restoring the system to its original state at the disk sector level. This allows users to make 'virtual' changes to the system, giving them the appearance that they can modify core files or even delete them, and even make the system unusable to themselves, but upon reboot the originally configured 'frozen' state of the operating system is restored.
To make changes, a system administrator must 'thaw' the protected partition by disabling Deep Freeze, make any needed changes, and then 'freeze' it again by re-enabling Deep Freeze. These changes become part of the protected partition and will be maintained after restarts. 'Freezing' and 'thawing' can be done at the workstation level or remotely via either the Faronics Core management platform or the Deep Freeze Enterprise Console. Users of the Enterprise version can also create virtual partitions called ThawSpaces (of up to 1 TB on an NTFS-formatted drive) to retain data on "frozen" hard drives after restarts.
Deep Freeze can also protect a computer from harmful malware, since it automatically deletes (or rather, no longer "sees") downloaded files when the computer is restarted. The advantage of using an application such as Deep Freeze antivirus / antimalware is that it uses very few system resources, and thus does not slow computer performance greatly. The disadvantage is that it does not provide real-time protection, therefore an infected computer would have to be restarted in order to remove malware.
Limitations and security.
Deep Freeze only protects workstations in a "fresh-booted" state. That is, Deep Freeze prevents permanent tampering with protected hard drives/partitions across reboots, but user activity between restarts is not limited by the program. For example, Deep Freeze does not prevent application installation; a user can install a modified version of a Web browser (but seemingly harmless to the unknowing user) designed to secretly send users' passwords to a server connected to the Internet. As a workaround, Deep Freeze can be configured to restart after user logout, shutdown after a chosen period of inactivity, or restart/shutdown at a scheduled time in an attempt to ensure that no such installations are retained (as rebooting the system returns the system to its original, unmodified state).
Deep Freeze cannot protect the operating system and hard drive upon which it is installed if the computer is booted from another medium (such as another bootable partition or internal hard drive, an external hard drive, a USB device, optical media, or network server). In such cases, a user would have real access to the contents of the (supposedly) frozen system. On a Windows-based computer, this scenario may be prevented by configuring the CMOS (nonvolatile BIOS memory) on the workstation to boot only to the hard drive to be protected, then password protecting the CMOS. This is a normal precaution for most public access computers. A further precaution would be to lock the PC case shut with a physical lock or tiedown cable system to prevent access to motherboard jumpers.
Deep Freeze can protect hard drive partitions of larger than 2 TB capacity (using NTFS).
Competitors.
Faronics's Deep Freeze's main competitors are Fortress Grand's Clean Slate, Horizon DataSys's Drive Vaccine, Centurion Technologies' SmartShield and Microsoft Windows SteadyState (discontinued). In addition, there are sandboxing and virtualization products which provide similar computer restore functionality. These would include:

</doc>
<doc id="19484788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484788" title="Kribbella catacumbae">
Kribbella catacumbae

Kribbella catacumbae is a species of bacteria in the genus Kribbella. It was discovered on the walls of Roman catacombs in 2008. 

</doc>
<doc id="19484799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484799" title="Kribbella sancticallisti">
Kribbella sancticallisti

Kribbella sancticallisti is a species of bacteria in the genus Kribbella. It was discovered as a whitish-grey patina growing in Roman catacombs in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19484808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484808" title="Achinduich">
Achinduich

Achinduich (Gaelic:Achadh an Dabhaich ) is a hamlet on the east bank of the River Shin in the Scottish Highlands about 4 miles south of Lairg, Sutherland. It is in the Highland Council area.

</doc>
<doc id="19484846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484846" title="Olivia (Olivia Newton-John album)">
Olivia (Olivia Newton-John album)

Olivia is the second album from the singer Olivia Newton-John. Two of its songs were released as singles ("What Is Life" and "My Old Man's Got a Gun").
In its initial release, it was not issued in the United States, though it was sold there as an import. A digitally remastered version was released in 1995.
Reception.
Olivia was a commercial failure when released in the UK on Pye International in 1972, as the follow-up to 1971's If Not for You. An American release of the LP never materialized. Therefore, the record label did not want to risk a release of the album in the United States on Uni Records, her US label at the time.
Newton-John's subsequent release, "Let Me Be There", would reach a sales position (UK Chart: 37) that would earn it the certification "Gold".
The cover art, done in blue tint, was later used (in a blueish-green tint) as the cover of the US release of Let Me Be There on MCA Records in 1973, following the success of the hit single penned by John Rostill.
Product Description.
The album was first released on CD in Japan, on 7 November 1990, as part of the EMI PASTMASTERS series (Cat.# CP21-6073). The Japanese release did not feature any of the original album artwork. The cover photo was a "live" picture taken from a 1977 live appearance in Japan. Packaging included an OBI (in Japanese language), and a white, folded insert sheet that included the lyrics for all the songs in English on one side, and in Japanese on the other. A digitally-remastered reissue of the 1972 album came out in 1998 on the Festival label (Cat.# D34658 / D21034), complete with the original cover art. Not released in the United States, "Olivia" contains 14 tracks, including covers of Bread's "Everything I Own", George Harrison's "What Is Life" (US #34 Adult Contemporary, Billboard) and "Behind That Locked Door", and Merrilee Rush's "Angel of the Morning".

</doc>
<doc id="19484847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484847" title="Kribbella">
Kribbella

Kribbella is a genus of bacteria first discovered in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="19484857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484857" title="Arrowrock Dam">
Arrowrock Dam

Arrowrock Dam is a concrete arch dam on the Boise River, in the U.S. state of Idaho. It opened in 1915 and is located on the border between Boise County and Elmore County, upstream of the Lucky Peak Dam and reservoir. The spillway elevation for Arrowrock is above sea level and its primary purpose is to provide irrigation water for agriculture.
History.
Preparations.
In 1910 the Reclamation Service began to consider another storage facility further east on the Boise River. After several surveys, engineers decided upon the Arrowrock site which had previously been the site of a private irrigation venture under the direction of Arthur De Wint Foote yet failed for lack of funding. The Arrowrock site is at the confluence of the main channel and the south fork. This was to be the most ambitious project to date for Reclamation. At , Arrowrock would be the largest concrete arch dam in the world. Prior to construction considerable preparatory work would need to be completed. As the structure was some up the Boise River from the Boise River Diversion Dam, routing supplies to the worksite would be a massive undertaking unto itself. The Reclamation Service elected to construct a new rail line on the old wagon road leading north to Idaho City. The railroad would begin at the Barberton mill near the Diversion Dam and extend to through a winding canyon up to Arrowrock. Even before the dam had been approved, Reclamation began work on the rail line. 
Some significant problems existed with construction of the railroad. The Barberton Lumber Company owned the roads right-of-way. This meant the Reclamation Service needed to come to an agreement over ownership of the rail line. In an unprecedented move, the government agreed to lease the track from Barberton but run the actual locomotive. Part of this agreement stipulated that the line would remain a common carrier. This made the Arrowrock & Boise Railroad the first publicly owned line in the nation. The Service hid this fact from President Howard Taft when they applied for the Arrowrock dam’s approval. Fortunately for Reclamation, Taft failed to recognize the loophole and in June 1910, entire project went forward. Yet when the Oregon Shortline refused to honor the pact between Barberton and Reclamation, the Arrowrock & Boise terminal was reduced to a field just outside of the Barber lumberyard. On August 22, 1910, the entire deal was finalized and work began on the line to the Arrowrock site. 
Salt Lake City’s Manly Brothers won the contract for grading the Arrowrock & Boise road in May, 1911. The government called for force account to lay the track from Barber to the work site. Although the construction was delayed several times by the shortage of railroad ties, workers finished the track in early November. By most accounts, the trip through the canyon was a very long and harrowing event. For the first several months, riders were asked to disembark at the unfinished Gooseneck bridge while the cars were winched across one at a time. Yet once they arrived, most passengers were surprised by what they found. Not only was the view breathtaking but the “work” camp offered amenities that were unavailable to some residents of the Treasure Valley. Not only was the site fully powered, but it also provided a central heating plant, running water and an efficient sewage system. Along with the Reclamation offices, the Arrowrock camp carried a hospital, mess hall, post office, and hotel. Workers and visitors were offered lodging in the site’s hotel, bunkhouses or cottages. In addition to the outdoor recreational activities, the camp also operated a YMCA., school, and dancehall. At the peak of construction, some 1,400 people had called Arrowrock home, including some 200 families. 
To provide power for the site, Reclamation retrofitted The Boise River Diversion Dam with a small powerhouse. Finished in 1912, the plant’s three generators produced 1,500 kilowatts of electricity for Arrowrock’s camp, sawmills, and giant cement mixers. The German made Allis-Chalmers turbines were the first in the world to be built with a vertical shaft design. Along with the power lines, government forces hung a two way phone cable to connect Arrowrock with the outside world. In 1976, the power plant was added to the National Register of Historic Places. After being refurbished by the Bonneville Power Administration in 2002, it is now on ready reserve status and occasionally provides surplus power during times of peak demand. Special care was made to maintain the historic qualities of the powerhouse. The original governors, slate control panels, transformers, overhead crane, and generator housings, although no longer functional, were retained for historic purposes.
Work commencement.
Work began on the Arrowrock Dam in early 1912 and moved along at a record-setting pace. As labor was becoming more plentiful with the completion of Deer Flat and the Diversion Dam, wage rates began to decrease. Common laborers were now offered $2.40 and day while skilled workers pulled in anywhere from $3.00 to $4.00. In addition, several deductions were made for room and board. Workers could choose between the dormitory style bunkhouses at $1.25 a month or a private room at $4.00. Seventy-five cents was deducted each day for meals and $1.00 a month went towards hospital’s costs. The work proved moderately dangerous and accounted for numerous injuries and twelve deaths. Yet despite the hazards and reduction in pay, it appears there was a unique level of camaraderie at the Arrowrock site. As stated above, the workers set several construction records, not the least of which included the of concrete laid on the dam. 
The Reclamation Service spared no expense regarding the equipment at Arrowrock Dam. Along with the refurbished 70-ton Atlantic steam shovel from Deer Flat were two versatile 18-ton "dinkey" excavators and several brand new dump cars. The cement mixers produced over 2,000 barrels per day and ran uninterrupted for almost 30 months. Two 12-ton Lidgerwood cableways hovered over the site and moved material and concrete from their loading grounds to the dam site. Scores of horse teams helped carry equipment and gravel from the camp to the various work areas. Additionally, one Buick and seven Ford trucks serviced both crews and visitors and provided an unexpected level of mobility throughout the campsite. In an effort to alleviate some of the discomfort along the Boise & Arrowrock, Reclamation purchased a 60-ton locomotive and several new passenger cars. For almost five years the train ran faithfully through the canyon, delivering over 89,500 visitors and crewmen. And during its commission, the Boise & Arrowrock traveled more than and carried 14,000,000 tons of freight.
Dedication.
On October 4, 1915, the Arrowrock Dam was finally dedicated. As stated above, it was the tallest dam in the world, a claim it would hold for nine years until completion of the Schräh dam in Switzerland in 1924 with a height of . In addition, engineers pioneered the use of dam instrumentation with the placement of ten thermometers embedded deep within the structure's concrete. Along with innovative contraction joints, the Reclamation Service was able to control the temperature of the setting concrete, ensuring the dams strength. It is thick at the base and thick at the crest. It is serviced by 25 outlets some of which are designed to regulate themselves, another first in engineering. Ten outlets were built for an eventual power plant, but they have yet to be used. In total, the dam contains of concrete and the reservoir holds over of irrigation water. Within the first week of operation, an estimated 12,000 visitors braved the canyon ride to see the dam. Yet as interest waned, the Arrowrock & Boise Railroad schedule dropped significantly. The campsite, once a bustling hive of activity, was quickly becoming a ghost town. And on August 11, 1916, the government decommissioned its very first public carrier.

</doc>
<doc id="19484862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484862" title="Scruton (surname)">
Scruton (surname)

Scruton is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19484875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484875" title="Alarm (film)">
Alarm (film)

Alarm is a 1938 Danish family film directed by Lau Lauritzen, Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks.

</doc>
<doc id="19484878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484878" title="Edith Killgore Kirkpatrick">
Edith Killgore Kirkpatrick

Edith Aurelia Killgore Kirkpatrick (born November 14, 1918) is a retired music educator from Baton Rouge who served on the Louisiana Board of Regents for Higher Education from 1977—1989, the superboard which must approve education budgets presented to the state legislature. She is also a former member of the executive board of the Louisiana Baptist Convention. She is the widow of businessman Claude Kirkpatrick, a former Democratic state representative (1952—1960) from Jennings, the seat of Jefferson Davis Parish in southwestern Louisiana. Claude Kirkpatrick also ran for governor in the 1963 primary.
Early years, education, family.
Kirkpatrick was born to Thomas Morton Killgore and the former Bess Blanche Melton in Lisbon in Claiborne Parish about halfway between Shreveport and Monroe in North Louisiana. Thomas Killgore was primarily a cotton farmer but also operated a general store with a brother and had in his younger years been a rural mail carrier. African American sharecroppers also lived on the Killgore estate and engaged in truck farming and maintained cows and chickens. Peaches were also grown in the red-clay hills located west of Ruston, which holds the annual Louisiana "Peach Festival". Kirkpatrick still owns and maintains the family plantation house, the Killgore House, also known as the Rocky Springs Plantation, built in 1859 and included in the National Register of Historic Places. The structure is at the intersection of Louisiana Highway 2 and Highway 518 in Lisbon.
Kirkpatrick's middle name "Aurelia" is the same as that of her paternal grandmother, originally Aurelia Williams, the daughter of a Methodist preacher. Kirkpatrick graduated from Lisbon High School in 1934; the formerly all-white school closed in 1970, when the remaining segregated Louisiana public schools underwent the final stages of U.S. District Court-mandated desegregation.
Kirkpatrick's paternal uncle, John Killgore, a physician, was a co-founder with Dr. Charles Russell Reynolds (1858–1919), of Minden Medical Center in Minden, the seat of Webster Parish to the west of Lisbon. Her maternal aunt, Eloise Melton Starr (1901–1978), was a long-time educator in the Webster Parish public schools. Lloyd C. Starr (1899–1982), Eloise's husband and Kirkpatrick's uncle by marriage, was a former educator who served on the Webster Parish School Board after he embarked on a second career as an investments salesman in Minden. Dr. Reynolds' daughter, Sadie Elouise Reynolds (1903–1997), was another prominent Webster Parish educator and a specialist in Louisiana history.
On August 21, 1938, Edith Killgore married Claude Kirkpatrick, whom she had met as a fellow student at Louisiana College in Pineville in Rapides Parish in Central Louisiana. She graduated as valedictorian in their common 1938 class. The Kirkpatricks had four children: Claude Kent (1942–1945), Thomas Killgore (1944–2009), Edith Kay (born 1946), and Charles Kris (born 1948). In 1957, the Kirkpatricks were named the first "All-American Family" of Louisiana as a result of a search conducted by "The Book of Knowledge", the Boys Clubs, and a panel of representatives from service and civic organizations. Sandra Futrell Kirkpatrick, widow of Thomas Killgore Kirkpatrick, is the daughter of the late P. Elmo Futrell, Jr., the mayor of Pineville during the early 1960s.
Shortly after she procured her Bachelor of Arts degree from Louisiana College in 1938, Kirkpatrick studied for a 10-week summer session at the Juilliard School of Music in New York City. She did not receive her master of music degree until 1965, when she completed the requirements from Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge. She was a private voice teacher in Sulphur and then Jennings from 1939-1959. She taught music at McNeese State University in Lake Charles from 1955-1958. She was also the choir director for Baptist churches in Sulphur, Jennings, and Baton Rouge from 1938-1995. She was a visiting assistant professor at LSU for the 1967-1968 academic year.
Kirkpatrick in politics.
In 1975, Kirkpatrick ran for a seat on the state Board of Trustee for Higher Education but was defeated. Thereafter, Governor Edwin Washington Edwards, acting on the requests of hundreds of her loyal supporters, named Kirkpatrick to one of the appointed slots on the board. Edwards had supported Kirkpatrick's opponent in the jungle primary for the seat. In 1977, Edwards appointed her to the newly established Board of Regents, the superboard under a new Louisiana State Constitution of 1974. She served in that capacity until 1990. Kirkpatrick worked to encourage music, art, and foreign language instruction in the public schools as a qualification for an incoming college student to receive a Regent scholarship. The regents at the time also worked on the first master plan for higher education in the state.
In 1959, Kirkpatrick headed the woman's division for southwestern Louisiana campaign to elect James Houston "Jimmie" Davis to a second nonconsecutive term as governor of Louisiana. Like the Kirkpatricks, Davis was Baptist and an alumnus of Louisiana College. Davis and Mrs. Kirkpatrick were each active in the field of music, he as a singer of secular and sacred music, and she as an educator. Claude Kirkpatrick left the legislature and served as Director of Public Works in the second Davis administration and worked on the establishment of Toledo Bend Reservoir. In 1963, Mrs. Kirkpatrick headed the women's division of her husband's unsuccessful gubernatorial primary campaign. During that time, she published a short book of favorite songs titled "Louisiana Let's Sing" in honor of her husband's candidacy.
Kirkpatrick's civic leadership.
She was a contributing editor to the "Louisiana Baptist Message" denominational newsletter from 1970-1975. She served on the Baptist state convention based in Alexandria, the seat of Rapides Parish. From 1969-1995, she was also chairman of the editorial board and a writer for "Music Clubs Magazine", based in Indianapolis, Indiana. 
Kirkpatrick over the years has been affiliated with the Baton Rouge Arts Council, the Community Fund for the Arts, the Red Cross, the Young Men's Christian Association, the Parent-Teacher Association, the Baton Rouge chapter of the National Conference of Christians and Jews, since renamed the National Conference for Community and Justice. She was the founder and first chairman of the Youth Orchestra of the Baton Rouge Symphony.
In 1961, Louisiana College, presented Kirkpatrick with its Distinguished Alumni Award. In 1980, Louisiana College granted her its honorary doctorate degree. From 1960-1963, she was state president of Louisiana Baptist Women's Missions. In addition, she is a member of the National Federation of Music and served on the executive board of the group from 1979-1995. Her other organizations include Mortar Board, the first all-women's honor society, Omicron Delta Kappa, Sigma Alpha Iota music society, and Phi Kappa Phi honor society.
Kirkpatrick is retired in Baton Rouge, where her two younger children, Edith and Charles, are practicing attorneys. The older son, Thomas, a retired military officer and lawyer, contracted cancer in 2002 and died at the age of sixty-five in 2009. Endowed professorships in music in Kirkpatrick's name are offered at both Louisiana College and LSU. There is also a Claude Kent Kirkpatrick Scholarship in Health and Physical Education at Louisiana College.

</doc>
<doc id="19484880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484880" title="Amjad Amanat Ali Khan">
Amjad Amanat Ali Khan

Amjad Amanat Ali Khan (1953–2002) was a very popular classical, semi-classical and ghazal singer from Patiala Gharana, Pakistan. 
Early life and background.
Ustad Amjad Amanat Ali was born in Lahore and was the eldest son of the famous Ustad Amanat Ali Khan.
He was trained by his grandfather Ustad Akhtar Hussain Khan from the age eight along with his brother Asad Amanat Ali Khan and uncle Hamid Ali Khan. After his grandfather's demise the training was continued by Ustad Fateh Ali Khan.
Career.
Following the death of his father, Amjad Amanat Ali provided vocal accompaniment to Ustad Fateh Ali Khan on a regular basis. His style of performance mirrored that of his father and was appreciated by the followers of Ustad Amanat Ali Khan.
Personal life.
Ustad Amjad Amanat Ali Khan was born in 1956 and died on 24 November 2002 in Lahore. His two sons, Salman Amjad Amanat Ali and Ali Amjad Amanat Ali, are now carrying on his legacy to whom he was a great father.

</doc>
<doc id="19484881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484881" title="Achingills">
Achingills

Achingills (Gaelic: ) is a small hamlet in Halkirk, Caithness within Highland region and is in the Scottish council area of the Highland. Scotland. 
Achingills Farm is home to the Williamson family who have farmed it since 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="19484883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484883" title="Pure Steel Records">
Pure Steel Records

Pure Steel Records is a record label based in Germany, focused on heavy metal music. Pure Steel produces CDs and LPs.
Founded by Kay Anders and Andreas Lorenz in 2006, the main interest of Pure Steel is to spread the true and independent heavy metal sound inspired by the glorious 80s. After 2007, when thrash metal and power metal was growing again they introduced many bands to the metal world. They also collaborate with other labels to re-release notable metal albums on LP.
Pure Steel released the first official tribute to Warlock / Doro Pesch in December 2008.
Bands.
Agamendon, Angband, Artizan, Arctic Flame, A Tortured Soul, Attick Demons, Boomerang, Chimaera, Commandment, Crom, Crystal Tears, Custard, Deathfist, Desert Sin, Dragonsfire, Emerald, Enchanter, Eternal Reign, Exxplorer, Fatal Embrace, Gorgons Eyes, Helvetest Port, Halloween, Hjallarhorn, Holy Cross, Icy Steel, Ice Vinland, In Solitude, Ivory Tower, Jackal, Lanfear, Mortician, Pandea, Power Theory (US band), Primeval Realm, Project Terror, Razorfist, Salem (UK band), Savage Blade, Sencirow, Skullview, Split Heaven, Steel Raiser, Stormrider, The Prowlers, Thunderblast, Titan Steele, Ursus, Valkyrie's Cry, Warcry, Warrant (German band), Widow, Wolfs Moon, Zandelle
Aska, Cage, Crescent Shield, Emerald, Fatal Embrace, Pharaoh, Sacred Steel, Seasons of the Wolf, Steel Prophet
Distribution.
Distribution is handled through H'art Musikvertrieb GmbH in Europe

</doc>
<doc id="19484888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484888" title="Janine Krieber">
Janine Krieber

Janine Krieber is a Canadian political scientist, studying terrorism and international security. Her husband is Stéphane Dion, former leader of the Liberal Party of Canada.
Krieber was born in Alma, Quebec, and is the oldest of three children. Her mother was a journalist and her father a photographer who was born in Austria. Krieber met Dion while the two were working toward their master's degrees in political science at Laval University. They later moved to France together to study at the Paris Institute of Political Studies, where they completed their respective doctoral degrees.
Upon returning to Canada, Krieber took a teaching post at Laval University. She has since gone on to teach at Royal Military College Saint-Jean and work for the Department of National Defence in Ottawa.
In Montreal's 2013 municipal election, Krieber ran for Montreal City Council as a Projet Montréal candidate for the district of Saint-Jacques in the Ville-Marie borough. Although she won the election, she ran as a "colistière" for party leader Richard Bergeron; under Montreal's municipal election process, this means that Bergeron, an unsuccessful mayoral candidate in the same election, retained the right to take office as the councillor for Saint-Jacques in place of Krieber. Bergeron announced following the election that he would take the seat.

</doc>
<doc id="19484898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484898" title="Citrus Center, Florida">
Citrus Center, Florida

Citrus Center is a small unincorporated community in Glades County, Florida, United States. It is located on State Road 78 about west of the junction of SR 78 and U.S. Route 27 west of Moore Haven.

</doc>
<doc id="19484908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484908" title="Ilisha Jarret">
Ilisha Jarret

Ilisha Keisha Marie Jarrett, born 8 January 1977, in Illinois, USA, is a former professional women basketball player from Birmingham, Alabama, USA.
Sports career.
Ilisha began her sports career in 1996 by playing for Mississippi State University and after five years, played in the FIBA professional women's basketball league. The 35-year old American has played for Russian, Korean, Portuguese, Hungarian, Croatia and German clubs.
Sexual assault incident.
Jarrett moved to Gospic (Croatia) in September 2004 as a reinforcement to Croatia's best women's basketball team Gospic-Industrogradnja, which had placed in the top sixteen teams in the FIBA Cup the previous season.
In 2005, a Croatian businessman, Joso Mraovic, in the town of Gospic, Croatia where Jarrett was staying in a hotel, sexually assaulted her. Initially it was ruled that it was not rape because Mraovic put his finger inside her anus only, and it was ruled that the anus was not a sexual organ, nor was the finger. However later in 2008, Mraovic, then 58, was sentenced to three years in prison.

</doc>
<doc id="19484917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484917" title="Gordon Hunter (footballer)">
Gordon Hunter (footballer)

Gordon Hunter (born 3 May 1967) is a retired Scottish footballer, who played as a defender for Hibernian, Canberra Cosmos, Dundee, Cowdenbeath, Hamilton Academical and Stirling Albion. Hunter was part of the Hibernian team that won the 1991 Scottish League Cup Final and he was granted a testimonial match by Hibernian in 1996. As of 2005, Hunter runs an Edinburgh taxi business.
Hunter, who scored very few goals in his career, remarkably scored the winning goal for Hibernian in an Edinburgh derby match that ended a record 22-game unbeaten run by Heart of Midlothian in the derby.

</doc>
<doc id="19484925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484925" title="Anderson Ranch Dam">
Anderson Ranch Dam

Anderson Ranch Dam is an earth rockfill type dam on the South Fork of the Boise River, in Elmore County, Idaho, United States. Its reservoir is plainly called "Anderson Ranch Reservoir" and has a spillway elevation of above sea level. The dam is northeast of Mountain Home and several miles north of US 20.
When completed in 1950, Anderson Ranch was the tallest dam of its type in the world. Its primary purpose is to provide irrigation water for agriculture, with a secondary purpose of hydroelectric power. Its generating capacity was increased from 27MW to 40 MW in 1986.
The construction of the dam began in 1941 and experienced numerous challenges with materials, fuel, and labor shortages during World War II. Work was halted for over nine months beginning in late December 1942. The Reclamation Act of 1902 had racial exclusions on labor which were strictly adhered to until Congress changed the law in 1943. This allowed Japanese American internees to work on Reclamation projects; Anderson Ranch utilized internees from the Minidoka War Relocation Center, northeast of Twin Falls.
The South Fork of the Boise River originates in the Smoky Mountains north of Fairfield. Its watershed includes portions of the Smoky Mountains, Soldier Mountains, Boise National Forest, and Sawtooth National Forest. Below the dam, the South Fork flows northwestward into the reservoir behind the concrete Arrowrock Dam, completed in 1915.

</doc>
<doc id="19484927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484927" title="BD Camelopardalis">
BD Camelopardalis

BD Camelopardalis is an S star and symbiotic star in the constellation Camelopardalis. It was recognized as a spectroscopic binary star in 1922, and its orbital solution published in 1984; it has a 596-day orbital period. A spectroscopic composition analysis was done of the red giant primary star in 1986.
Description.
Although the star's spectrum shows the spectral features of zirconium oxide which define spectral class S, BD Cam shows no technetium lines in its spectrum. It is believed to be an "extrinsic" S star, one whose s-process element excesses originate in a binary companion star. The system displays only minimal variations in the visible, but the presence of the companion and its interactions with the stellar wind of the visible red giant makes for easily observed time-variable spectral features in the ultraviolet and in the near infrared spectral line of helium.
At times BD Cam is the brightest S star in the visible sky, because other bright S stars are mira variables or other types of variable star with large changes in apparent brightness. Its own brightness variability in the visible part of the spectrum is modest.

</doc>
<doc id="19484946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484946" title="The Bellflower Bunnies (season 1)">
The Bellflower Bunnies (season 1)

The first season of "The Bellflower Bunnies", a children's animated series based on the "Beechwood Bunny Tales" books by Geneviève Huriet and Loïc Jouannigot, aired on France's TF1 network during the week of 24 December 2001, at 7:00 a.m. Central European Time. Consisting of four episodes, it was directed by French animator Moran Caouissin, produced by Patricia Robert, and written by Valérie Baranski. The music was composed by Baranski and Daniel Scott. A handful of crew members from this season would be carried over for future episodes.
The episodes follow the adventures of the Bellflowers, a family of seven rabbits who live in the community of Beechwood Grove. The two adults, Papa Bramble and Aunt Zinnia, take care of their five children: Periwinkle, Poppy, Mistletoe, Dandelion and Violette. "Room to Move", the first episode in the official production order, deals with the family's move to their new house at Blueberry Hill.
The first season has been broadcast on TF! Jeunesse, the children's service of TF1, as well as South Korea's Educational Broadcasting System (EBS), CBBC in the United Kingdom, and Germany's Kinderkanal (KI.KA) and ZDF among others. Since early 2003, it has been made available on DVD in the United States, France, Germany and South Korea.
Production.
The season was a co-production of France's TF1, its subsidiaries Protécréa and Banco Production, and Canada's TVA International. It was produced in association with France's Sofica Valor 6 and Luxembourg's Melusine, and with the participation of the Centre National de la Cinématographie (CNC). Production began in late 2000 at a cost of €380,000 (C$610,000) per episode. Graphics and Animation of Antwerp, Belgium, a sudsidiary of Luxembourg's Studio 352, designed the layouts for these episodes, and North Korea's SEK Studio handled overseas animation duties. Premium Sound, based in Montreal, was responsible for the sound effects, design, dialogue editing, foley and mix. Early during the show's production, the crew created a one-minute promotional pilot, in which a little mouse tells of the show's premise and introduces its main characters.
This season represented TF1 International at the conferences of the National Association of Television Program Executives (NATPE) in early 2001 and 2002, and MIPTV Media Market in April 2001. For both events, the four episodes were promoted as "specials".
The first two episodes of the series were planned to air on TF1 in November 2001, with the next two to follow in December. Ultimately, all four premiered in late December on TF! Jeunesse.
Cast and crew.
The first season's English voice cast included Rhonda Millar (who played two characters, Periwinkle and Pirouette), as well as Tom Clarke Hill, Tom Eastwood, Regine Candler and Joanna Ruiz Rodriguez. Their voices were recorded at Ten Pin Alley, a company based in Gloucestershire, England.
The director of this season, Moran Caouissin, was previously involved in "" as an animator. Character designer Josette Zagar previously worked in the trace and paint department for "The Twelve Tasks of Asterix". Co-producer Louis Fournier once served Cinar as Vice President of Sales & Co-productions; during this season's production, he was President of TVA International's Youth and Animation Unit. Fournier's partner, Dominique Mendel, became Vice President of Montreal's Spectra Animation in November 2004. Daniel Scott, a Canadian composer who created the theme for "Wimzie's House", teamed up with Valérie Baranski to write the score and songs. Several more would return for the next season: screenwriter Baranski, producer Patricia Robert, and story editor Fabrice Ziolkowski to name a few.
Reception.
José Evrard of France's DVDcritiques.com wrote of "The Bellflower Bunnies"' first season: " combines quality entertainment with a charming style that can be found in children's books. The stories, full of tenderness, emotion and humour, develop in a magical world where everything is done to give the young viewer true moments of joy! Every event with our little heroes—so mischievous and affectionate—is a delight." In the United States, Dove Foundation reviewer Linda Eagle praised the episodes as "an adorable piece of animation", and gave both Region 1 DVDs four stars out of five.
Episodes.
This season, based entirely on books in the "Beechwood Bunny Tales" series, is about 92 minutes long. In each episode, the Bellflower children perform a song whose title does not appear in the credits.
DVD releases.
Region 2 (Europe).
France.
The first season was also released by TF1 Vidéo on 23 January 2003 and again on 19 February 2004. Its only special features were a collection of songs from the episodes and a DVD-ROM weblink to the distributor's site.
Germany.
On 22 February 2008, in time for Easter, edelkids released the German-dubbed version as "Die Häschenbande, Folge 1". This came about as a result of the show's success on local television. The extras were colouring pages and previews of other edelkids products.
Netherlands.
Under the series title "De Knuffel Konijntjes", Dutch FilmWorks B.V. released the first four episodes individually in the mid-2000s; all of these were put together in a box set on 21 March 2006. The third volume in this version, "Hoog in de Lucht" ("Balloonatic Bunnies"), was released several months before #2, "Carnaval" ("Carnival").
Region 1 (North America).
As part of a marketing deal with TVA, the English version of Season 1 was distributed on VHS by the Utah-based Feature Films for Families (FFF) in 2001; the Region 1 DVD versions came out on 1 October 2003. Extras on both discs included trailers for other FFF releases and special messages from the distributor's staff.
Region 3 (Asia).
The first season was released on DVD and VHS by South Korea's C4U Entertainment in February 2005 as "까르르 토끼 친구들". There, they are titled "이사가는 날" (""Room to Move""), "축제는 즐거워" (""Carnival""), "열기구 대소동" (""Balloonatic Bunnies"") and "달려라, 썰매야!" (""Slide On"").

</doc>
<doc id="19484948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484948" title="Olé, Olé, Olé">
Olé, Olé, Olé

"Olé, Olé, Olé" (from Spanish: "Oé, Oé, Oé") is a football chant.
Origin.
One evidence of the chant appeared in an article of the Spanish newspaper "La Vanguardia" from 1982. It was during the final match of the Spanish Football League that year. After Real Sociedad had been proclaimed champion, the people at the Atotxa Stadium in San Sebastián started to sing ""Campeones, campeones, hobe, hobe, hobe", which literally means "Champions, champions, we are the best". The latter three words belonging to the Basque language. The chant expanded to the rest of Spain, and become known as "Oé, Oé, Oé"".
The word "olé" itself, being a Spanish interjection thought to be of Arabic origin, or derived from the Germanic in the Iberian peninsula, from which it also derives the English Hello and the neighbour Portuguese Olá, is mostly associated with the bullfighting of last centuries, but also with other sports after the 19th century. It was chanted when individuals seemed to rise above themselves in performance. 
The chant is used frequently in football games around the world (for example most often by the supporters of the Republic of Ireland national football team.), and can be heard in Montreal Canadiens hockey games when the team is winning. It is also used by supporters of the University of California, Santa Barbara's Gaucho intercollegiate sports teams, particularly the basketball, soccer, cross-country, and track programs, and led to the creation of a mascot, simply named Olé.
In the United States, the chant has been used at American football games, most notably at home games for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League and the Michigan Wolverines of college football. The chant is also common at WWE events taking place in Europe or held in the U.S. with a large European crowd, such as the April 8th, 2013 edition of "WWE Raw" at the Izod Center in East Rutherford, New Jersey the night after WrestleMania 29.
In Argentina, sometimes the name of a person the people could be cheering to is added at the end; e.g.: "Olé, olé olé ole, Die-go, Die-go! (referring to Diego Armando Maradona).
Anderlecht Champion.
In 1985, Hans Kusters, the head of the Belgian label Hans Kusters Music, asked music producer Roland Verlooven and singer Grand Jojo to ""write a song for the Belgian soccer champs Anderlecht called “Anderlecht Champion”"". It was composed by Armath (an alias of Roland Verlooven) and Deja, and recorded both in French and Dutch by the Belgian singer Grand Jojo, along with the players of R.S.C. Anderlecht, and released that year by Disques Vogue.
A year later, he recorded another version, "E Viva Mexico", which introduced the chorus ""Olé, Olé, Olé, Olé, We are the champions"".
Both of the versions used a slightly different variation of the chant, which probably was also originated in Spain. This chant was the basis for many versions to be recorded by many other artists, including the more popular 1987 hit of a group known as "The Fans". The other being Chumbawamba's 1998 hit "Top of the World (Olé, Olé, Olé)".
In 2009 it was recorded by Overtone, and used in the 2009 film Invictus.
Olé, Olé, Olé (The Name of the Game).
In 1987, Roland Verlooven produced a more internationally popular version of the chant, "Olé, Olé, Olé (The Name of the Game)". It was recorded by a group known as "The Fans", and published by Hans Kusters Music. It was released in Spain by Discos Games, and in Germany by ZYX Records.
The text of it goes "Olé, olé, olé, olé, we are the champions, we are the champions", but there are widespread misunderstandings of it rather being "...we are the champs, we are the champs" by many who have simply not heard and understood the lyrics correctly.
¡Olé!
It is also the chorus of a song titled "¡Olé!", by the Bouncing Souls. This version of the song is played at the Bell Centre when the Montreal Canadiens are playing and is used as their "winning chant". It is also used by Canadian professional wrestler El Generico as his entrance theme, and was used by professional wrestler CM Punk in the early 2000s in St Paul Championship Wrestling, Steel Domain Wrestling, and Independent Wrestling Association Mid-South (IWA Mid-South). In addition, the song was featured in the video game "NHL 11".

</doc>
<doc id="19484956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484956" title="Kaset Green Hawk">
Kaset Green Hawk

Kaset Green Hawk is an aerial display team of the Bureau of Royal Rainmaking and Agricultural Aviation (KASET) of Thailand formed from rainmaking aircraft and crews.

</doc>
<doc id="19484964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484964" title="No. 7 Group RAF">
No. 7 Group RAF

No. 7 Group of the Royal Air Force was an RAF group active in the latter part of the First World War, during the 1920s and also in the Second World War.
Organisational history.
No. 7 Group was created on the day that the RAF officially came into being. On 1 April 1918 it was created by renaming the Royal Flying Corps' Southern Training Brigade. Initially the Group was subordinate to No. 2 Area and on 8 August the designation "Training" was added making the Group's title No. 7 (Training) Group. With the post war reductions, the Group was disbanded on 16 Aug 1919.
The following month on 20 September 1919, No. 7 Group was reformed when South-Western Area was downgraded to group status. On 1 April 1920, the Group was transferred to Inland Area's control. The Group was disbanded for the second time on 12 April 1926.
Following the outbreak of the Second World War, the Group was reformed on 15 July 1940 as No. 7 (Operational Training) Group under Bomber Command control. It was disestablished by its renaming to No. 92 Group RAF on 11 May 1942. The Group's final incarnation was from 1 November 1944 to 21 December 1945. Its function was the control of heavy conversion units.

</doc>
<doc id="19484966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484966" title="Geoff Mackley">
Geoff Mackley

Geoff Mackley is a freelance photographer who is also specialized in filming breaking news. Known for chasing storms around the world, he was featured in the TV series "Dangerman", made for the Discovery Channel. Mackley was born in Auckland.

</doc>
<doc id="19484972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484972" title="Aurora Sentinel">
Aurora Sentinel

The Aurora Sentinel is the weekly newspaper serving the city of Aurora, Colorado, USA. It is printed each Thursday and online seven days a week. Aurora’s local news leader, "The Aurora Sentinel" focuses on the issues, events and people in Greater Aurora.
Every issue of the "Sentinel" includes “15 Minutes”, a wide-ranging conversation with locals from all walks of life, and The Guide, a showcase of the most compelling entertainment experiences for the coming week. The paper covers home design, furnishings, personal technology, parenting issues and kid fun options, plus urban gardening, pet care, shopping deals, automotive care, outdoor recreation.
The "Aurora Sentinel" is published by Aurora Media Group, which also publishes the "Buckley Guardian" serving the area's military community and "Life Scienc"e serving the community that works and visits Anschutz Medical Campus. 
History.
In February 2011, the "Aurora Sentinel" and the "Buckley Guardian" were purchased by the Aurora Media Group from the Aurora Publishing Company. In May 2011, the "Aurora Sentinel" changed from a daily to a weekly publication. 
In 1971, the Minneapolis Star and Tribune Company acquired a group of suburban publications in the Denver area, including the "Aurora Star-Sentinel", the successor to an earlier newspaper serving the Aurora community, "The Aurora Democrats and News".
Published on Wednesdays and delivered by newsboys, "The Sentinel" also had a Friday companion newspaper for some time called the "Aurora Sentinel Weekender".
In 1991, the Cowles Media Company (formerly Minneapolis Star and Tribune Company) broke up and sold off the Denver suburban chain. Local ownership and control of the "Sentinel" was established via a partnership including publisher Karen Sowell Johnson and president H. Harrison Cochran.
In 1997, a free, rack-distributed publication – "The Aurora Sun-Sentinel" – was introduced to supplement the paid-subscription "Sentinel".
In April 2004, Aurora Publishing Co. introduced "The Aurora Daily Sun", a five-day-a-week, tabloid-size publication freely distributed in the city. In June 2007, the "Daily Sun" adopted the Sentinel brand. In February 2011, Aurora Media Group bought the papers.

</doc>
<doc id="19484996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484996" title="Bridge of Dragons">
Bridge of Dragons

Bridge of Dragons is a 1999 American romantic Sci-fi action film directed by Isaac Florentine, and starring Dolph Lundgren as a cold and tough mercenary. It co-stars Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa, who Lundgren had previously worked with in the 1991 film "Showdown in Little Tokyo". It was the first Nu Image film to be shot in Bulgaria.

</doc>
<doc id="19484999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19484999" title="Graham Walker (academic)">
Graham Walker (academic)

Graham Walker, Ph.D., is American academic, professor, and president of Patrick Henry College since 2006. Walker received his Ph.D. in political philosophy from Notre Dame in 1988 and is a former Vice President for Academic Affairs and Dean of Oklahoma Wesleyan University. Walker is currently a professor of government at Patrick Henry College and has previously taught at the University of Pennsylvania and The Catholic University of America.

</doc>
<doc id="19485001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485001" title="Julia jubilerar">
Julia jubilerar

Julia jubilerar is a 1938 Swedish-Danish comedy film directed by Lau Lauritzen, Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks.

</doc>
<doc id="19485013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485013" title="Culebra 1996">
Culebra 1996

Culebra 1996 is an EP recorded and released in 1996 by the Mexican hard rock band Cuca.
It was realised after Alfonso Fors (who was the vocalist at that time) left the group, was then that Jose Fors (his brother) announced his return to the vocals and decided to record two singles of the previous disc where Alfonso Fors recorded his voice. The chosen songs were Toma and La Balada.

</doc>
<doc id="19485021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485021" title="Tieton Dam">
Tieton Dam

Tieton Dam is an earth and concrete type dam on the Tieton River, in the U.S. state of Washington. It is located in Yakima County. Its reservoir is called Rimrock Lake. Its purpose is to provide water for irrigation agriculture.

</doc>
<doc id="19485023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485023" title="2001 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships – Singles">
2001 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships – Singles

Fernando González was the defending champion but lost in the first round to Michal Tabara.
Andy Roddick won in the final 7–5, 6–3 against Hyung-Taik Lee.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="19485050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485050" title="Finn Malmgren">
Finn Malmgren

Finn Adolf Erik Johan Malmgren (1895 in Göteborg - June 1928) was a Swedish meteorologist and Arctic explorer. 
Malmgren studied in Göteborg, Sundsvall and Stockholm. In 1912 he started to study at the Uppsala University where he received a bachelor's degree in 1916. In 1917 Malmgren became assistant to professor Axel Hamberg in his observatory at Pårtetjåkko; in 1920 he returned to the meteorological institute in Uppsala and a year later was appointed assistant professor at Otto Pettersson's hydrographic institute for oceanic studies on an island in the Gullmarsfjord.
During 1922-25, Malmgren participated in the expedition of Roald Amundsen and Harald Ulrik Sverdrup in the Arctic, on board the "Maud". In 1926 he was on board the Italian airship "Norge" which overflew the North Pole, where he used scientific instruments from František Běhounek.
In early 1927 he was decorated as a Commander of the Order of St. Olav.
In 1928 the scientist joined the expedition of Umberto Nobile with the airship "Italia". During the third flight, on 25 May, the airship crashed and several members of the expedition were stranded on floating ice, Malmgren with an injured shoulder among them. On 30 May Malmgren, together with Italian officers Filippo Zappi and Adalberto Mariano, decided to walk back to Kings Bay for help. On 15/16 June Malmgren collapsed and asked to be left behind. On 11 July the Soviet pilot Boris Chukhnovsky, from the icebreaker "Krasin", sighted Mariano and Zappi and also Malmgren's body. Mariano and Zappi were rescued the next day; the body of Finn Malmgren was not found. 
The circumstances of Malmgren's death remain unclear. In the press Zappi and Mariano were suspected of abandoning Malmgren and even of cannibalism. 

</doc>
<doc id="19485052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485052" title="List of The Four Temperaments stagings">
List of The Four Temperaments stagings

This is a chronological list of stagings of New York City Ballet co-founder and balletmaster George Balanchine's The Four Temperaments to Hindemith's eponymous music (commissioned by Balanchine). 

</doc>
<doc id="19485057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485057" title="The Butterfly from Ural">
The Butterfly from Ural

The Butterfly from Ural or Far Away from Ural () is a Finnish 2008 animated short film directed by Katariina Lillqvist.
The film tells a story of former President of Finland Carl Gustav Mannerheim – although his name is not mentioned in the film – on a journey to Central Asia where he meets a young Kyrgyz boy. Mannerheim takes the boy with him back to Finland where he names him Butterfly. The boy becomes Mannerheim's servant and lover. When the Finnish Civil War starts, Mannerheim abandons his lover in the middle of the battlefield. According to the director Lillqvist, the film is based on a folklore from the Pispala district of Tampere.
The film caused a fuss in the Finnish media and evoked discussion about the limits of the freedom of speech and the sexual orientation of Mannerheim. It was nominated the best domestic animation at the Tampere Film Festival in March 2008, and was broadcast by YLE the same month.

</doc>
<doc id="19485061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485061" title="Pál Fried">
Pál Fried

Pál Fried (16 June 1893, Hungary – 6 March 1976, New York City) was a Hungarian artist. His oil paintings were usually of dancers, nudes, and portraits, and his subjects were almost always women, although he also painted Paris, seascapes, and cowboys and landscapes of the American West. He signed his paintings, as is usual in Hungarian, with his surname first as "Fried Pál".
Fried immigrated to the United States in 1946 after World War II, and became a U.S. citizen in 1953. He lived in Los Angeles and New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="19485065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485065" title="Al &quot;Carnival Time&quot; Johnson">
Al &quot;Carnival Time&quot; Johnson

Al "Carnival Time" Johnson (born June 20, 1939, in New Orleans, Louisiana) is an American singer and piano player best known for the Mardi Gras song "Carnival Time".
History.
Early life and career.
After spending his early years in Houston, Johnson returned to New Orleans at the age of ten settling in the Lower Ninth Ward. His father bought him a trumpet, also a piano for his sisters and a trombone for his brother. Johnson took interest in the piano and learned the basic chord changes in different keys. His early musical influences included Sugar Boy Crawford, Fats Domino and Smiley Lewis, to name a few.
In 1956, at seventeen, he recorded his first songs, "Ole Time Talkin" and "I've Done Wrong"" for Aladdin Records. Johnson subsequently signed with Ric records and recorded series of songs at Cosimo Matassa's New Orleans recording studio starting with "Lena" in 1958. "Carnival Time" was recorded for the label in 1960. Produced by Joe Ruffino, the owner of the Ric label, the song eventually joined Professor Longhair’s "Go to the Mardi Gras" and "Big Chief", and the Hawkettes "Mardi Gras Mambo" as one of the most played and requested classics of the New Orleans Mardi Gras. Johnson was drafted and subsequently served and stationed at Fort Bliss, Texas.
When he returned to New Orleans in late 1964 he found that Ruffino had died and a protracted legal fight over royalties and rights to his music, among others, had left him with virtually nothing to show for his songs. Somewhere along the line, Johnson was nicknamed "Carnival Time" in honor of his famous song.
1990s.
Johnson continued to perform where he could, and was finally awarded full rights to his hit song in 1999. 
21st century.
In 2005, he reigned as King of the New Orleans Krewe Du Vieux. In 2006, in a limited release, he brought forward "Mardi Gras Strut", a new Mardi Gras celebration song.
In 2007, in performance in Mandeville, Louisiana, Johnson was inducted into The Louisiana Music Hall of Fame. Also in that year, he released the critically acclaimed "Lower Ninth Ward Blues", reflecting the plight of his and many others dislocation from their homes in the New Orleans Lower Ninth Ward by Hurricane Katrina.
In January 2008, he performed as a guest artist at the Inaugural Ball of Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal, sharing the stage with Deacon John Moore and his band, "The Ivories".
Johnson recently took possession of his new home in the Harry Connick Jr. "Musicians' Village" development in New Orleans for Hurricane Katrina refugee musicians. 
In 2012 Johnson was proclaimed honorary "King for Life" of New Orleans' Goodchildren Social Aid & Pleasure Club. [http://www.goodchildrencarnivalclub.org/1/post/2012/03/press-release-for-easter-celebration.html]

</doc>
<doc id="19485068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485068" title="Janzen">
Janzen

Janzen is a Scandinavian surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19485087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485087" title="Đorđe Pantić">
Đorđe Pantić

Đorđe Pantić (; born January 27, 1980 in Belgrade, Yugoslavia) is a Serbian football goalkeeper.
Pantić made his debut for FK Partizan on October 22, 2003 against Real Madrid at Bernabeu Stadium in the 2003-04 UEFA Champions League. On February 13, 2009, he signed a four-year contract with Debreceni VSC.
In August 2011, Pantić signed for FK Sarajevo. The first game he played for Sarajevo was in the Cup (19.10.2011) where his team lost to FK Rudar Prijedor in Prijedor by a score of 5-4, but they advanced to the next round.

</doc>
<doc id="19485093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485093" title="Medicare Rights Center">
Medicare Rights Center

The Medicare Rights Center (Medicare Rights) is a national, 501(c)(3) nonprofit consumer service organization with offices in New York City and Washington, DC. The mission of Medicare Rights is “to ensure access to affordable health care for older adults and people with disabilities through counseling and advocacy, educational programs and public policy initiatives.”
Funding.
As an independent organization, Medicare Rights receives funding from private foundations, government agencies, corporations and individuals.
Services.
Counseling and Advocacy
Through a national telephone helpline, Medicare Rights provides free Medicare counseling. Callers can receive immediate help addressing problems related to, for example, affording prescription drugs, the Medicare appeals process, or understanding Medicare basics. The organization also helps eligible callers enroll in public benefits that help them afford Medicare-related costs.
Educational Programs
The Medicare Rights Center offers a variety of in-person, online, and recorded trainings and presentations to professionals and consumers throughout the country. Through one of its programs, Seniors Out Speaking (SOS), older volunteers conduct brief monthly presentations on Medicare topics for peers in their community. Medicare Rights also provides educational resources like MedicareInteractive.org, a website that presents Medicare information in searchable and consumer-friendly language.
Public Policy Initiatives 
Medicare Rights’ policy work addresses Medicare consumer issues and concerns on both the state and national levels. Medicare Rights develops letters to Congress, fact sheets, reports, and testimony related to Medicare issues.

</doc>
<doc id="19485126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485126" title="Harris chain">
Harris chain

In the mathematical study of stochastic processes, a Harris chain is a Markov chain where the chain returns to a particular part of the state space an unbounded number of times. Harris chains are regenerative processes and are named after Theodore Harris.
Definition.
A Markov chain {"Xn"} on state space Ω with stochastic kernel "K" is a "Harris chain" if there exist "A", "B" ⊆ Ω, ϵ > 0, and probability measure ρ with ρ("B") = 1 such that 
In essence, this technical definition can be rephrased as follows: given two points "x"1 and "x"2 in "A", then there is at least an ϵ chance that they can be moved together to the same point at the next time step. 
Another way to say it is that suppose that "x" and "y" are in "A". Then at the next time step I ﬁrst ﬂip a Bernoulli with parameter ϵ. If it comes up one, I move the points to a point chosen using ρ. If it comes up zero, the points move independently, with "x" moving according to P("X""n"+1 ∈ C|"Xn" = "x") = "K"("x", "C") − "ερ"("C") and "y" moving according to P("Y""n"+1 ∈ "C"|"Y""n" = "y") = .
Examples.
Example 1: Countable state space.
Given a countable set "S" and a pair ("A"′, "B"′ ) satisfying (1) and (2) in the above deﬁnition, we can without loss of generality take "B"′ to be a single point "b". Upon setting "A" = {"b"}, pick "c" such that "K"("b", "c") > 0 and set "B" = {"c"}. Then, (1) and (2) hold with "A" and "B" as singletons.
Example 2: Chains with continuous densities.
Let {"X""n"}, "X""n" ∈ R"d" be a Markov chain with a kernel that is absolutely continuous with respect to Lebesgue measure:
such that "K"("x", "y") is a continuous function. 
Pick ("x"0, "y"0) such that "K"("x"0, "y"0 ) > 0, and let "A" and "B" be open sets containing "x"0 and "y"0 respectively that are sufﬁciently small so that "K"("x", "y") ≥ "ε" > 0 on "A" × "B". Letting "ρ"("C") = |"B" ∩ "C"|/|"B"| where |"B"| is the Lebesgue measure of "B", we have that (2) in the above deﬁnition holds. If (1) holds, then {"X""n"} is a Harris chain.
Reducibility and periodicity.
In the following, "R" := inf {"n" ≥ 1 : "Xn" ∈ "A"}; i.e. "R" is the ﬁrst time after time 0 that the process enters region "A".
Definition: If for all "L"("X"0), "P"("R" < ∞|"X"0 ∈ "A") = 1, then the Harris chain is called "recurrent."
Definition: A recurrent Harris chain "Xn" is "aperiodic" if ∃"N", such that ∀"n" ≥ "N", ∀"L"("X"0), P("Xn" ∈ "A"|"X"0 ∈ "A") > 0. 
Theorem: Let "Xn" be an aperiodic recurrent Harris chain with stationary distribution π. If P("R" < ∞|"X"0 = "x") =1 then as "n" → ∞, distTV ("L"("Xn"|"X"0 = "x"), π) → 0.

</doc>
<doc id="19485140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485140" title="Papal election, 1154">
Papal election, 1154

The papal election of 1154 followed the death of Pope Anastasius IV and resulted in the election of Pope Adrian IV, the only Englishman to become pope.
Election of Adrian IV.
Pope Anastasius IV died on December 3, 1154, at Rome, at a very advanced age. The College of Cardinals assembled in the Vatican Basilica on the next day to elect his successor.
On December 4, 1154, the cardinals unanimously elected Cardinal-Bishop of Albano Nicholas Breakspeare, former legate in Scandinavia (1152-1153). He took the name Adrian IV and was crowned on December 5, 1154 in the Vatican Basilica. He is the only English pope in history.
Cardinal-electors.
There were probably 30 cardinals in the Sacred College of Cardinals at the beginning of December 1154, but it seems that no more than 25 (perhaps even fewer) participated in the election:
Five electors were created by Pope Innocent II, four by Pope Celestine II, five by Pope Lucius II, eleven by Pope Eugenius III.
Absentees.
At least five cardinals did not participate in this election. Cardinal Giacinto Bobone is known to have been in Spain at that time; he served there as papal legate from the spring of 1154 until the end of 1155. Cardinal Odone Bonecase was employed as legate in France in 1154/55. Gerard de Namur was legate in Germany, while Ildebrando in Lombardy. Abbot Rainaldo of Montecassino was not a resident of Roman Curia:

</doc>
<doc id="19485144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485144" title="1968 FA Charity Shield">
1968 FA Charity Shield

The 1968 FA Charity Shield was a football match played on 3 August 1968 between Football League champions Manchester City and FA Cup winners West Bromwich Albion. It was the 46th Charity Shield match and was played at City's home ground, Maine Road. Manchester City won 6–1.
The official match programme cost one shilling.

</doc>
<doc id="19485152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485152" title="Life on the Hegn Farm">
Life on the Hegn Farm

Life on the Hegn Farm () is a 1938 Danish family film directed by Arne Weel, Lau Lauritzen, Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks.

</doc>
<doc id="19485179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485179" title="The Last Warrior (2000 film)">
The Last Warrior (2000 film)

The Last Warrior (also known as The Last Patrol) is a 2000 American action film directed by Sheldon Lettich, and starring Dolph Lundgren, Sherri Alexander, Joe Michael Burke, Rebecca Cross and Brook Susan Parker. The film was released on direct-to-video in the United States on August 21, 2001.
Plot.
An earthquake measuring 9.5 on the Richter Scale splits California into an island with a perpetual dustcloud hanging over it. The survivors of the terrible ordeal have started to come together in the shape of Nick Preston (Dolph Lundgren) an air force captain, and other fractions of the military, including Sarah McBride (Sherri Alexander) and Lucky Simcoe (Joe Michael Burke), and have situated themselves in a warfare junkyard, holding weaponry from forgotten conflicts. They are searching for food, fuel and fellow survivors, and a possible path into the next world, while also dodging a violent plague that causes the skin to boil.
Production.
It is set and filmed at Eilat, Israel in 42 days on May 18 and June 29, 1999.
Home media.
On 27 November 2000, DVD was released by Planet at the United Kingdom in Region 2.
On August 21, 2001 DVD was released by Lionsgate at the United States in Region 1.
On 13 July 2009, DVD was released by Anchor Bay Entertainment at the United Kingdom in Region 2.

</doc>
<doc id="19485188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485188" title="Into That Silent Sea">
Into That Silent Sea

Into That Silent Sea: Trailblazers of the Space Era 1961-1965 is a 2007 non-fiction book by space historians Francis French and Colin Burgess. Drawing on a number of original personal interviews with astronauts, cosmonauts and those who worked closely with them, the book chronicles the American and Russian programs from 1961 onwards, from the first human spaceflight of Yuri Gagarin through the Mercury, Vostok and Voskhod flights, up to the first space walk by Alexei Leonov.
The book is the first volume in the "Outward Odyssey" spaceflight history series by the University of Nebraska Press. The space program history continues chronologically in the follow-on book In the Shadow of the Moon: A Challenging Journey to Tranquility, 1965-1969. "Into That Silent Sea" was named as a finalist for the 2007 Eugene M. Emme Award given by the American Astronautical Society. 

</doc>
<doc id="19485189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485189" title="Willamette Law Review">
Willamette Law Review

The Willamette Law Review is a law review academic journal published by Willamette University College of Law in Salem, Oregon, United States. Founded in 1959 as a predecessor to an earlier publication, the quarterly publication is housed in the Oregon Civic Justice Center. Cited as "Willamette L. Rev.", the journal is edited by students of the law school with oversight by the college's faculty. As of 2007, Willamette Law Review has published a total of 43 volumes.
History.
Willamette University’s law school established a publication called the "Legal Handbooks" in 1949. In 1959, the school founded their law review journal, replacing the "Legal Handbooks". The school's faculty had decided to start the journal and selected the first editorial staff. Ronald B. Lansing served as the first editor in chief of what started as a twice-yearly publication. The first issue focused on employer liability. 
At the beginning of its existence, the Oregon State Bar helped pay for the publication, with copies sent to all members of the Oregon Bar. The journal was first located in the law school building at what is now Gatke Hall, and moved in 1967 to the new Truman Wesley Collins Legal Center when the law school relocated to its new home. In the early years of the journal, student authors were required to meet certain academic standards. First year students and those in the lower two-thirds of their second and third year class could not submit articles for publication.
Originally titled as the Willamette Law Journal for its first 14 volumes, the name was changed to the "Willamette Law Review" in 1978. By Spring 1981, the yearly subscription cost for the journal had risen to USD $12.50. That issue included articles on the use of televisions in courtrooms and piercing the corporate veil among other topics. In October 2006, the journal sponsored a symposium on former Oregon Supreme Court justice and distinguished scholar in residence at Willamette, Hans A. Linde.
In September 2008, "Willamette Law Review" moved into the new Oregon Civic Justice Center, located in the former Salem Carnegie Library, along with several other law school programs. The building was rededicated in a ceremony with Supreme Court justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg as the guest of honor.
Editions.
Early volumes of the publication focused on a single legal issue. Although the periodical is focused on legal issues in general, every other year one edition is focused on purely Oregon legal items. One of these topics was the Oregon Uniform Trust Code when it became law in 2006. According to the "Albany Law Review", the "Willamette Law Review" ranks in their tier five (journals in that tier rank 196 to 260 out of 540 total law reviews) of assessment of law journals based on the journal’s article selection process.
The "Willamette Law Review" also sponsors symposiums on various legal topics each year, and then publishes the resulting articles. Topics have included international law (2008), and sports law (2006) in recent years. The journal has been cited in a variety of publications including "The Washington Quarterly", "The Oregonian", and "The Birmingham News" to name several.

</doc>
<doc id="19485190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485190" title="Gérald Neveu">
Gérald Neveu

Gérald Neveu (August 10, 1921, Marseille - February 28, 1960, Paris) was a French poet. Called by some "one of the gentlest poètes maudits", he was born to Louis Neveu and Marthe Bonnaud in Marseille. Having lost his family and job and having become an alcoholic, he lived as a hobo and dreamer in Marseille sleeping in friends's studios, homeless shelters or psychiatric clinics (together with Artaud he went through electroshocks). Since 1947 he was a member of the French Communist Party. A few months before his death he came to Paris where he was found dead one day; the cause of his death remains unknown. His wallet contained only a piece of paper saying "without hair, without teeth, without money, without a woman, without an apartment etc." 
Selected bibliography.
He worked with the famous review "Les Cahiers du Sud" and also with Action Poétique.

</doc>
<doc id="19485217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485217" title="KGWB">
KGWB

KGWB (91.1 FM) is a radio station licensed to serve Snyder, Texas. The station is owned by Western Texas College and licensed to the Scurry County Junior College District. It airs a college radio format.
The station was assigned the KGWB-FM call letters by the Federal Communications Commission on June 26, 2008.
This station is currently on the air. Broadcast students will eventually run the station as their classes progress. The basketball games for Western Texas College are broadcast on KGWB.

</doc>
<doc id="19485260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485260" title="Bert Roberge">
Bert Roberge

Bertrand Roland Roberge (born October 3, 1954 in Lewiston, Maine) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. Roberge pitched all or part of six seasons in the majors between until .
Roberge attended the University of Maine, where he played college baseball for the Maine Black Bears baseball team from 1974 to 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="19485266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485266" title="Fisher Poets Gathering">
Fisher Poets Gathering

The Fisher Poets Gathering is an annual event held on the last weekend of February in Astoria, Oregon, where men and women somehow tied to the fishing industry get together to share their poems, tales, and songs in celebration of the lifestyle and its people. Begun in 1998 with a few far-flung friends meeting in a pub and lead primarily by Drs. Robert and Julie Brown, the FPG has greatly expanded and now attracts around 60-70 artists and hundreds of audience members. It has been featured on the Today Show, in Smithsonian Magazine, and is the subject of a documentary film by Jen Winston called "Fisher Poets."[http://www.fisherpoets.com]

</doc>
<doc id="19485279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485279" title="Jeff Baldwin">
Jeff Baldwin

Jeffrey Allen Baldwin (born September 5, 1965 in Milford, Delaware) is a former Major League Baseball player. Baldwin played in seven games for the Houston Astros in the 1990 season. He had no hits in eight at-bats, in seven games. He also had one walk. 
He was drafted by the Astros in the 14th round of the 1985 amateur draft.

</doc>
<doc id="19485292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485292" title="Greatest Hits, Classic Remixes and Music Videos">
Greatest Hits, Classic Remixes and Music Videos

Greatest Hits, Classic Remixes and Music Videos is a greatest hits album by the Swedish group Ace of Base. It was released under Playground Music on November 14, 2008, and is the last album to be released under the original contract of 5 original albums. The 2CD+DVD compilation includes 16 of their hits, 13 classic remixes, and 17 music videos. The CD also includes 2 new versions of the songs "Wheel of Fortune" and "Don't Turn Around", while the version released internationally on iTunes includes a remake of "Lucky Love", and the Japanese edition includes a new version of "The Sign".
This is the last Ace of Base album to date with new material to feature vocalist Jenny Berggren.
Track list.
Greatest Hits
Classic Remixes
iTunes Track list.
Greatest Hits
Classic Remixes (Bonus Track Edition)
Classic Remixes Extended
1"Cruel Summer - Cutfather & Joe Mix is the album version of the song"
DVD (DVD is in NTSC only).
1"This is not the US version of the video. Instead, it is an alternate edit of the original European video featuring the acoustic version of the song."

</doc>
<doc id="19485301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485301" title="Blaavand melder storm">
Blaavand melder storm

Blaavand melder storm is a 1938 Danish thriller film directed by Lau Lauritzen, Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks.

</doc>
<doc id="19485337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485337" title="Sack of Jerusalem (10th century BC)">
Sack of Jerusalem (10th century BC)

The Sack of Jerusalem is an event described in the First Book of Kings of the Hebrew Bible and Christian Old Testament, and, with some differences, in the Second Book of Chronicles.
According to these sources it took place in the 5th year of the reign of Rehoboam, following the death of his father, Solomon. This event happened in 925 BCE when Pharaoh Sheshonk I of the Third Intermediate Period invaded Canaan following the Battle of Bitter Lakes. Possibly this is the same Pharaoh as Shishaq, the first Pharaoh mentioned in the Bible, who captured and pillaged Jerusalem. 
Shishaq () raided the Kingdom of Judah with his allies, including the Kushites, taking a number of hill towns and sacking Jerusalem, all without fighting. Shishaq took away treasures of the temple of Yahweh and the king's house, as well as shields of gold which Solomon had made; Rehoboam replaced them with brass ones.
Biblical narrative (1 Kings and Chronicles).
According to , Shishaq, leading an army of 60,000 horsemen and 1,200 chariots, invaded Judah and sacked Jerusalem in order to assist his ally, Jeroboam, the king of Israel. According to Josephus, his army met with no resistance throughout the campaign, taking Rehoboam's most fortified cities "without fighting." Finally, he conquered Jerusalem without resistance, because "Rehoboam was afraid." Shishaq did not destroy Jerusalem, but forced King Rehoboam of Judah to strip the Temple and his treasury of their gold and movable treasures.
Karnak relief.
A relief discovered at Karnak, in Upper Egypt, and similar reliefs on the walls of a small temple of Amun at el-Hibeh, shows Pharaoh Shoshenq I (Shishaq) holding in his hand a bound group of prisoners. The names of captured towns are located primarily in the territory of the kingdom of Israel (including Megiddo), with a few listed in the Negeb, and perhaps Philistia. Some of these include a few of the towns that Rehoboam had fortified according to Chronicles

</doc>
<doc id="19485342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485342" title="Hendrick Health System">
Hendrick Health System

Hendrick Health System, located in Abilene, Texas, is a not-for-profit healthcare provider serving a 22-county region in the Texas Midwest.
Hendrick was the first hospital to permanently serve the Texas Midwest when it opened in 1924, and today, it provides a comprehensive range of healthcare services, including a medical center licensed for 504 beds. 
Approximately 2,600 employees make up the Hendrick team. In 2007, Hendrick was one of only 12 organizations worldwide honored with the Gallup Great Workplace Award, which honors Hendrick as one of the most engaged and productive workforces in the world. In 2008, Hendrick was one of only nine organizations to receive the award for a second year. 
Hendrick also is one of only 65 Texas hospitals to receive the Pathway to Excellence designation from the American Nurses Credentialing Center (ANCC). The designation recognizes Hendrick as creating a work environment where nurses can flourish and identifies it as one of the best places to work. 
History.
Hendrick Medical Center, originally West Texas Baptist Sanitarium, opened on September 15, 1924. The original facility had five floors, seventy-five beds, fireproof construction, steam heat, hot and cold running water in every room and three elevators. The hospital was the result of the vision of Millard A. Jenkins, pastor of the First Baptist Church of Abilene. When a proposition to build a countywide hospital in Taylor County was voted down in 1921, Jenkins gathered a group of Abilene community members to help take on the dream of building a hospital. A sprawling field on the outskirts of north Abilene was donated by Clifton M. Caldwell and his wife as a location for the hospital. 
In the early 1930, the Great Depression put the hospital in financial trouble. The depression increased the need for charity care, while churches were too feeble to support the hospital. To help keep its doors open, the hospital accepted chickens, goats and black-eyed peas as payment for service. In 1936, the hospital was saved from bankruptcy by West Texas ranchers Mr. and Mrs. T. G. Hendrick. They paid off the mortgage and gave additional money for the construction of a new wing. In recognition of their generosity, the hospital was renamed in honor of the Hendricks. 
Facilities and Services.
Hendrick offers numerous services to the Texas Midwest region, including: Hendrick Heartsaver Network, Hendrick Children’s Hospital, Hendrick Cancer Center, Hendrick Center for Rehabilitation, Vera West Women’s Center, The BirthPlace at Hendrick, Level III Trauma Center, Hendrick Health Club, Hendrick Hearing HealthCare, Hendrick Hospice Care, Hendrick HouseCalls, Hendrick League House, Hendrick Long Term Acute Care, Hendrick Medical Center Foundation, Hendrick Medical Supply, Hendrick Professional Pharmacy, Hendrick Radiology Center, Hendrick Regional Laboratory, Hendrick Balance Center, Hendrick Sleep Disorders Center, Meek Blood Center, First Care Health Plans, Pastoral Care, Sellers Health Sciences Library and Skilled Nursing Facilities. 
In August 2008, Hendrick announced plans for an $80 million expansion project called Project 2010. The project is the largest expansion in the hospital’s 84-year history and will re-shape the Hendrick campus through new facilities and extensive upgrades to a number of areas. 

</doc>
<doc id="19485354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485354" title="Scrapomatic">
Scrapomatic

Scrapomatic is an American blues duo, consisting of two performers, Paul Olsen, and Mike Mattison. Backed by other musicians, they have performed together since the mid-1990s, and the duo often open for The Derek Trucks Band, of which Mattison is also a member, performing as their lead vocalist since 2003.
Biography.
The duo Scrapomatic was founded in Minneapolis-Saint Paul, Minnesota, by Paul Olsen and Mike Mattison, who were raised and schooled there. Both musicians were taught separately but came to embrace an Americana-flavored roots-based approach to music. Both had formal musical training and found common ground in jazz and funk rhythms. They gained recognition when the duo were nominated for Best R&B Group and Best Male Vocalist by the Minnesota Music Awards. After a move to Brooklyn, they have performed throughout New York City, and played Carnegie Hall. 
Olsen is now primarily active as an ASCAP award-winning songwriter, producer and musical director. Mattison is involved in several projects that have sprung from his association with Derek Trucks, including his bands.
Career.
2003 was the year that the two men released their first self-titled album, "Scrapomatic", receiving very good reviews. Scrapomatic often are the opening act for The Derek Trucks Band and Susan Tedeschi.

</doc>
<doc id="19485386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485386" title="De tre måske fire">
De tre måske fire

De tre måske fire is a 1939 Danish family film directed by Lau Lauritzen, Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks. 

</doc>
<doc id="19485405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485405" title="List of works by Claude Monet">
List of works by Claude Monet

This is a partial list of works by Claude Monet (), (14 November 1840 – 5 December 1926) who was a founder of French impressionist painting, and the most consistent and prolific practitioner of the movement's philosophy of expressing one's perceptions before nature, especially as applied to "plein-air" landscape painting. The term Impressionism is derived from the title of his painting "Impression, Sunrise" ("Impression, soleil levant"). 
What distinguished Monet from the other Impressionist painters was his innovative idea of creating Series paintings devoted to paintings of a single theme or subject. With the repetitious study of the subject at different times of day Monet's paintings show the effects of sunlight, time and weather through color and contrast. Monet's "Series paintings" are particularly notable and are among his best known works. The "Haystacks" and "Water Lilies" are the most famous; however, his other series paintings include "Rouen Cathedrals", "Houses of Parliament", "Poplar Trees", among others.

</doc>
<doc id="19485414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485414" title="Wrestling at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 74 kg">
Wrestling at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 74 kg

The Men's Freestyle 74 kg at the 1976 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Maurice Richard Arena.
Tournament results.
The competition used a form of negative points tournament, with negative points given for any result short of a fall. Accumulation of 6 negative points eliminated the loser wrestler. When only three wrestlers remain, a special final round is used to determine the order of the medals.
Final.
Results from the preliminary round are carried forward into the final (shown in yellow).

</doc>
<doc id="19485430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485430" title="De Havilland Gipsy Minor">
De Havilland Gipsy Minor

The de Havilland Gipsy Minor or Gipsy Junior was a British four-cylinder, air-cooled, inline engine used primarily in the de Havilland Moth Minor monoplane, both products being developed in the late 1930s. 
Design and development.
The engine was a simplified and smaller version of the earlier de Havilland Gipsy. It featured only one magneto where dual ignition was normal for the Gipsy series of engines. A total of 171 engines were produced, including 100 built in Australia, production moving to that country due to the start of the Second World War.

</doc>
<doc id="19485448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485448" title="Ardsley railway station">
Ardsley railway station

Ardsley railway station was situated on the Great Northern Railway between Tingley and Lofthouse and Outwood on the main line and west of Stanley on the LNER & LMS Methley Joint Railway. It was built to served the village of East Ardsley near Wakefield in the English county of West Yorkshire.
History.
The station was opened by the "Bradford, Wakefield and Leeds Railway" on 5 October 1857 as part of their Wakefield to Leeds main line. Five days later, it became a junction with the completion of a branch line to Bradford via Morley by the "Leeds, Bradford & Halifax Junction Railway". Both lines soon became part of the rapidly expanding Great Northern Railway network in the area and by 1866 the opening of the jointly-owned West Riding and Grimsby Railway from Wakefield to Doncaster put the station on the main line between Leeds and London Kings Cross. The GNR subsequently became part of the London and North Eastern Railway during the Grouping of 1923. The line then passed on to the Eastern Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948. The station was eventually closed by the British Railways Board on 2 November 1964 as part of the Beeching cutbacks, with the line to Bradford following suit on 4 July 1966.
To the south of the station, to the east of the main line was situated the engine shed which provided the passenger locomotives for the Wakefield services and freight locomotives for the colliery traffic generated in the area.
The site today.
Trains still pass the site between Outwood and Wakefield Westgate stations on the Wakefield Line, although little remains of the actual station.
Notes.
The Site is now being developed for 88 residential houses and apartments by Miller Homes.

</doc>
<doc id="19485452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485452" title="Kenny Håkansson">
Kenny Håkansson

Kenny Håkansson is the bassist of the highly influential Swedish rock and roll band the Hellacopters. The Hellacopters were founded by Håkansson's childhood friend Nicke Andersson as a side project to his role as a drummer in the heavy metal band Entombed, considered to be founders of death 'n' roll.
Recording career.
During his younger years Håkansson regularly went through his father's record collection along with Andersson, and the two soon became fans of bands such asthe mc5, the Ramones, Sex Pistols, the Damned and the Rolling Stones.
The Hellacopters have released six full-length albums with their own material, two non-album work compilations, and many other official releases. They have also done several tours throughout Scandinavia, Europe, the U.S.A., and Australia; they have opened for the Rolling Stones, KISS, and ZZ Top, and collaborated with artists such as Scott Morgan, the Flaming Sideburns, Backyard Babies, Quadrajets and Gluecifer. In late 2007 the band announced that they were going to break up after the release of their collection of cover songs, "Head Off", and their "Tour Before the Fall" which ended in late October 2008.
Besides his work with the Hellacopters, Håkansson has also contributed songs for his bandmate Robert Dahlqvist's side project Thunder Express, The doits albums, as well as with lyrics for Entombed's early records. He also recorded and toured with Art-rock band Sofia Härdig and The Needles. He is now playing bass with Mary´s Kids.
Håkansson's main instrument is a highly road-worn 1969 Fender Jazz Bass with almost all its paint stripped off due to constant use. For amplification Håkansson uses an Orange OR120 amplifer head which he runs through an Ampeg 8x10 cabinet; he occasionally also uses an Ampeg head with the same cabinet.

</doc>
<doc id="19485456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485456" title="1980 Winchester 400">
1980 Winchester 400

The 1980 Winchester 400 motor race, the eleventh annual (run yearly since 1970), was held as the "Dri-Power 400" under American Speed Association sanction on October 5, 1980, at the Winchester Speedway, in Indiana (USA).
The wildest Winchester 400 in history, the 1980 race had a familiar name in victory, but a surprise winner as Terry Senneker, younger brother of five-time winner Bob Senneker, captured the 1980 running of the fall classic. Battling for the lead, with just eight laps to go, ASA standouts Mark Martin and Mike Eddy tangled while racing side-by-side and crashed out of the event. That allowed the third-place machine of Terry Senneker to take the victory.
The race.
Martin’s Dillon Chevrolet flew around the "World's Fastest Half Mile" in 15.741 seconds (114.351 MPH) and was the fastest qualifier among the 44 competitors. The "400" began in very clean fashion as Martin led the initial 45 laps before giving way to Bob Sensiba. The first caution did not appear until lap 50, when Dick Dunlevy Jr. exploded an engine. Sensiba remained in the lead until he pitted on lap 134, giving the lead to Martin for the second time. Martin then led until he headed for pit road on lap 175, turning over control of the field to Terry Senneker for the first time.
Defending race winner Don Gregory passed T. Senneker for the lead on lap 197 and remained in front until he too headed pit-side for a stop on lap 239. Those stops cycled Martin back to the race lead, but tire problems caused him to slow and give the point back to T. Senneker on lap 276. The stage for the final drama began to be set when Eddy passed T. Senneker to make his first appearance at the top of the leader board on lap 289. Lurking just behind the race lead, five-time winner Bob Senneker saw his chances end as a blown tire sent him into the fourth-turn wall and out of the race on lap 300. Under that caution, Eddy pitted for tires, giving the lead back to Gregory. Charging back through the field on fresh tires, Eddy retook the lead on lap 325 as Gregory’s machine began to suffer from overheating problems.
On lap 341, Terry Senneker looped his Chevrolet off turn four and narrowly missed hitting the inside retaining wall on the main straight. This caution period allowed Martin to make up a lost lap and have a shot at race leader Eddy. The lead duo began their battle within the final 25 laps of the event. Picking his spots carefully, Martin repeatedly dove under Eddy’s mount, but was unable to complete the maneuver for the lead. On the 391st lap, Martin again ducked under Eddy heading into the third turn. The duo raced side-by-side through the corner and down the front stretch into the first and second turns. Coming off turn two onto the back straight, Martin’s car broke loose and shot up the track into the side of Eddy. The contact sent Eddy bouncing hard off the back stretch wall and back into Martin, severely damaging and knocking both cars out of the race.
T. Senneker, who was a lap behind the leaders at the time of their crash, motored to the lead under the caution as Eddy and Martin were being towed back to the pits. Back under green and suddenly seven laps ahead of his nearest running competitor, Senneker cruised around the final few laps to collect the biggest win of his career and a $9,200 payday. Ray Young picked up his second-consecutive runner-up finish. Despite not finishing, Eddy and Martin completed enough laps to be scored third and fourth respectively, with Carl Smith rounding out the top five.

</doc>
<doc id="19485472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485472" title="2000 RCA Championships – Singles">
2000 RCA Championships – Singles

Nicolás Lapentti was the defending champion, but lost in the third round to Sébastien Grosjean.
Gustavo Kuerten won in the final 3–6, 7–6(7–2), 7–6(7–2), against Marat Safin.
Seeds.
The top eight seeds receive a bye into the second round. 

</doc>
<doc id="19485496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485496" title="1984 British Speedway League">
1984 British Speedway League

Final table.
M = Matches; W = Wins; D = Draws; L = Losses; Pts = Total Points

</doc>
<doc id="19485497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485497" title="I dag begynder livet">
I dag begynder livet

I dag begynder livet is a 1939 Danish family film directed by Lau Lauritzen, Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks. 

</doc>
<doc id="19485501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485501" title="Bist (river)">
Bist (river)

The Bist (archaic , ) is a river in France and in Germany, and a left tributary of the Saar.
The Bist begins near the French village of Boucheporn, Lorraine and flows northeastward to Creutzwald. From there it follows the France-Germany border northward to Überherrn, then flows eastward to Werbeln and northward to join the Saar immediately north of the Autobahn 620 bridge in Wadgassen, Saarland.
The Saar is a tributary of the Moselle, which is a tributary of the Rhine

</doc>
<doc id="19485504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485504" title="836th Air Division">
836th Air Division

The 836th Air Division (836 AD) is an inactive United States Air Force organization. Its last assignment was with Tactical Air Command, assigned to Twelfth Air Force, being stationed at Davis-Monthan Air Force Base, Arizona. It was inactivated on May 1, 1992.
The unit was an intermediate command echelon of Tactical Air Command, providing command and control of tactical aircraft (fighter, bomber, transport) and support forces.
It deployed subordinate units to Southeast Asia for combat operations between 1962 and 1965, 1967 and 1971, 1972, and again in 1973. During 1965–1970, some subordinate units functioned as replacement training units for F-4 aircrews. In 1968 the division began supervising B-57 light bomber aircrew training, and between 1967 and 1971, it supervised tests for weapon systems, aircraft armament and munitions, and tactical procedures. Inactivated in 1971 as a result of budget reductions, its units being consolidated directly into Ninth Air Force.
Reactivated in January 1981 with a mission to advise Air Force component commanders and land forces on A-10 aircraft tactics, training, employment and readiness, and subordinate units participated in exercises such as Red Flag and Celtic Echo. Inactivated in 1992 as a result of the end of the Cold War and the inactivation of TAC.
History.
Components.
Wings
Groups
Squadrons

</doc>
<doc id="19485506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485506" title="Gozzadini">
Gozzadini

Gozzadini is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19485536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485536" title="50 (disambiguation)">
50 (disambiguation)

Fifty or 50 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19485551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485551" title="Paul Sheehy">
Paul Sheehy

Paul Sheehy (born August 14, 1963 in Washington, DC) was an American rugby player for the USA Eagles at the 1991 Rugby World Cup. 
Sheehy also played for the Washington Rugby Football Club from 1991 to 1993 and is now a member of the Washington Rugby Football Club Hall of Fame His position of choice was fullback.
Sheehy was a four year member of the Fairfield University Men's Rugby Football Club, where he played the position of Fullback. He received his bachelor's degree from Fairfield University.
Paul Sheehy is currently an Assistant Backs Coach at his alma mater Gonzaga College High School in Washington DC.

</doc>
<doc id="19485566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485566" title="List of spiral tunnels and tunnels on a curved alignment">
List of spiral tunnels and tunnels on a curved alignment

Lists of spiral (helicoidal) tunnels and tunnels on a curved alignment on railway lines worldwide.
A part of a line is bracketed (), if it is located in a country other than that mentioned in the specific table:
Example: :(Lausanne – Montreux – Sierre – Visp – Brig – ) → Switzerland
Europe.
Switzerland.
The turn tunnels in the following table are sorted from West to East according the location of the start point of the line.
References.
Locations partly from:

</doc>
<doc id="19485575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485575" title="1985 British Speedway League">
1985 British Speedway League

Final table.
M = Matches; W = Wins; D = Draws; L = Losses; Pts = Total Points

</doc>
<doc id="19485577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485577" title="Bob Long (linebacker)">
Bob Long (linebacker)

Robert Wendell Long (born February 24, 1934 in South Pasadena, California) is a former American football linebacker in the National Football League in the 1950s and 1960s. He attended the University of California at Los Angeles. His eight-year pro-career was spent with the Los Angeles Rams, the Detroit Lions, and the Dallas Cowboys. He was a part of the Lions 1957 championship team.

</doc>
<doc id="19485583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485583" title="Waneta Dam">
Waneta Dam

Waneta Dam is a concrete gravity-type hydroelectric dam on the Pend d'Oreille River 9 km downstream from Seven Mile Dam in the Canadian province of British Columbia. It supplies electric power to Teck Resources metallurgical operations at Trail, British Columbia and for BC Hydro which since 2009 has a 1/3 ownership of the facility. It is located near the mouth of the Pend d'Oreille River just before it empties into the Columbia River, slightly north of the Canada – United States border. The powerplant currently has four units and has a capacity of 450 megawatts. 
Construction of a new two-unit powerplant commenced in winter of 2010/11 to increase the dam's generating capacity by an additional 335 megawatts. This project, called Waneta Expansion, is a partnership, with Fortis Inc. holding a 51% share in the project and the two Crown agencies Columbia Power Corporation and Columbia Basin Trust holding a 32.5% and 16.5% share, respectively. SNC-Lavalin is designing and building the project, which will take 4 1/2 years to construct, while Columbia Power Corporation is acting as project manager. 

</doc>
<doc id="19485594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485594" title="Achluachrach">
Achluachrach

Achluachrach (Gaelic: Ach Luachrach) is a small settlement in Glen Spean in Lochaber, in the Highland council area of Scotland. It is located on the A86 road, 3 km east of Roybridge and 8 km east of Spean Bridge. The River Spean and the West Highland Line both pass to the south of Achluachrach, the nearest station is at Roybridge. Achnaluarach is the location of the Glen Spean Lodge Hotel, as well as an independent hostel.

</doc>
<doc id="19485611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485611" title="Dungeons &amp; Dragons Basic Set">
Dungeons &amp; Dragons Basic Set

The Dungeons & Dragons Basic Set is a set of rulebooks for the "Dungeons & Dragons" ("D&D") fantasy role-playing game. First published in 1977 , it saw a handful of revisions and reprintings. The first edition was written by J. Eric Holmes based on Gary Gygax and Dave Arneson's original work. Later editions were edited by Tom Moldvay, Dave Cook, and Frank Mentzer. The rule set was no longer in use after the 1991 "Dungeons & Dragons Rules Cyclopedia" was released.
The "Basic Set" details the essential concepts of the "D&D" game. It gives rules for character creation and level-advancement for player characters of levels 1–3. It also includes information on how to play adventures inside dungeons for both players and the Dungeon Master.
1977 printing.
The original "Dungeons & Dragons Basic Set" (TSR 1001) was published by TSR, Inc. in 1977, and comprised a separate edition of the game, distinct from the first edition of the "Advanced Dungeons & Dragons" ("AD&D") game published the same year.
The first "Basic Set" was available as a 48-page stand-alone rulebook and as part of a boxed set . The rulebook featured artwork by David C. Sutherland III. The boxed set included a set of polyhedral dice and supplemental materials. In that same year, Games Workshop (U.K.) published their own version of the rulebook, with a cover by John Blanche, and illustrations by Fangorn.
Supplemental materials appearing in the boxed set included geomorphs, monster and treasure lists, and a set of polyhedral dice. For a period in 1979, TSR experienced a dice shortage. Basic sets published during this time frame came with two sheets of numbered cutout cardstock chits that functioned in lieu of dice, along with a coupon for ordering dice from TSR. The rulebook also included a brief sample dungeon with a full-page map. Starting with the fourth printing in 1978, the two booklets of maps, encounter tables, and treasure lists were replaced with the module B1 "In Search of the Unknown"; printings six through eleven (1979–1982) featured the module B2 "The Keep on the Borderlands" instead.
The rulebook covers characters from level one through three, rules for adventuring in dungeons, and introduces the concepts of the game. This version of the "Basic Set" incorporates concepts from the original 1974 "D&D" boxed set plus the "Greyhawk" supplement.
The rulebook opens with the following description of play: 
TSR hired outside writer John Eric Holmes to produce the "Basic Set" as an introductory version of the "D&D" game. The booklet explained the game's concepts and method of play in terms that made it accessible to new players ages twelve and above who might not be familiar with tabletop miniatures wargaming. The "Basic Set" was packaged in a larger, more visually appealing box, allowing the game to be stocked on retail shelves and targeted at the general public via toy stores. Although the "Basic Set" was not compatible with "AD&D", players were expected to continue play beyond third level by moving to the "AD&D" version, which at the time was still unreleased. Holmes preferred a lighter tone with more room for personal improvisation, while Gygax, who wrote the advanced game, wanted an expansive game with rulings on any conceivable situation which might come up during play, a document which could be used to arbitrate disputes at tournaments.
1981 revision.
After the release of the "AD&D" game, the "Basic Set" saw a major revision in 1981 by editor Tom Moldvay. The revised version of the set included a larger, sixty-four page rule book with a red border and a color cover by Erol Otus, the module B2 "The Keep on the Borderlands", six polyhedral dice, and a marking crayon. The book was predrilled for use in a three-ringed binder, the adventure module replaced the dungeon geomorphs found in the previous "Basic Set", and the complete set of miniature polyhedral dice came in a heat-sealed bag with a small black wax crayon to use in marking the dice. Cardboard chits were briefly included in place of dice when TSR's source dried up. The cover of the set included the tagline "Fantasy Adventure Game" under the "D&D" logo.
This edition drew solely on the original "D&D" boxed set for inspiration, rather than including material from its supplements. The game was not brought in line with "AD&D" but instead more further away from that ruleset, and thus the basic "D&D" game became a separate and distinct product from TSR’s flagship game "AD&D". The former was promoted as a continuation of the tone of original "D&D", while "AD&D" was an advancement of the mechanics. Although simpler overall than the "Advanced" game, it included some rules that did not exist in "AD&D" at the time.
With the revision of the Basic Set, discrete rulesets for higher character levels were introduced as expansions for the basic game. The Moldvay "Basic Set" was immediately followed by the accompanying release of an "Expert Set" edited by Dave Cook that supported character levels four through fourteen, with the intent that players would continue with the "Expert Set". The revised rules were visually distinct from the original rules: the Holmes booklet had a blueprint-style pale blue cover, while the Moldvay "Basic Set" and Cook "Expert Set" booklets had bright red and blue covers, respectively.
1983 revision.
In 1983, the "Basic Set" was revised again, this time by Frank Mentzer, and redubbed "Dungeons & Dragons Set 1: Basic Rules". The set included a sixty-four page "Players Manual", a forty-eight page "Dungeon Masters Rulebook", six dice, and in sets in which the dice were not painted, a crayon. The 1983 revision was packaged in a distinctive red box, and featured cover art by Larry Elmore. Between 1983 and 1985, the system was revised and expanded by Mentzer as a series of five boxed sets, including the "Basic Rules" (red cover), "Expert Rules" (blue), "Companion Rules" (teal, supporting levels fifteen through twenty-five), "Master Rules" (black, supporting levels twenty-six through thirty-six), and "Immortal Rules" (gold, supporting Immortals, characters who had transcended levels). Instead of an adventure module, the "Basic Set" rulebooks included a solo adventure and an introductory scenario to be run by the Dungeon Master.
The "10th Anniversary Dungeons & Dragons Collector's Set" boxed set, published by TSR in 1984, included the rulebooks from the "Basic", "Expert", and "Companion" sets; modules AC2, AC3, B1, B2, and M1 "Blizzard Pass"; Player Character Record Sheets; and dice. This set was limited to a thousand copies, and was sold by mail and at GenCon 17.
An Australian version of the "Basic Set" was printed by Jedko Games in 1987.
1991 revision.
The "Dungeons & Dragons Rules Cyclopedia" was published by TSR, Inc. in 1991 as a continuation of the basic rules.
Reception.
Clayton Miner reviewed the 1981 version of the "Basic Set" for "Pegasus" magazine #1 (1981). Miner felt that "this product offers the purchaser a bit more for their money than did the first basic set", noting that the inclusion of the adventure module was an improvement over the dungeon geomorphs from the previous set, and commented that "this package will keep the new gamer interested and enthused for a number of adventures" even if "Keep on the Borderlands" "holds little challenge for the experienced gamer". He criticized the artwork in the rule book, calling it "below standard" and expressed hope that the artwork in the then-upcoming "D&D Expert Set" would be better. Aside from this, he commented that "the book is a vast improvement over the earlier version. Better organization and well written rules are the main features of this edition. While the Basic game still only runs from 1st to 3rd levels, the inclusion of many previously overlooked creatures and the addition of magical items also overlooked allows for more action and rewards. Whereas the game was too limited previously by its top level being only 3rd, the production of an "Expert" set to take characters from 4th to 14th levels will expand the game much further for those unwilling to tackle the intricacies of "Advanced Dungeons & Dragons"." Miner concluded the review by saying: "A decided improvement over the earlier edition of the Basic book, this product will be of much use to the beginning Judge or player, and may be of some use to the more experienced player. A fine product, this is an item that should be looked into by many gamers."
Doug Cowie reviewed the 1983 version of the "Basic Set" for "Imagine" magazine and gave it a quite positive review. He noted that it was not just a money-making scheme on the part of the publisher, trying to sell a new game to existing players. According to Cowie, while the rules stay the same, thus allowing those with the older version to continue using their sets, the presentation has changed. He approved of the fact that "at long last", a game company released a product that explains to someone new to role-playing games how to get started. He also praised the "vastly improved" cover art and interior illustrations, but noted that the box contains a set of "dreadful TSR dice". Cowie was especially pleased by the "Players Manual", where the introduction is not followed by character generation, but rather a solo adventure that allows the reader to start playing "within five minutes of opening the box". According to Cowie, this allows players to learn the rules step by step, by playing solo. He called this an "excellent idea". The "Players Manual" contains two solo scenarios and "some town business". Cowie continued his review by pointing out that the "Dungeon Masters Rulebook" includes the normal rules for running a game as well as an introductory scenario involving some wilderness and exploration of a castle. Cowie said that, unlike its predecessor, this boxed sets lacks a separate module, but his experienced playtesters found the introductory scenario interesting. As to the rules, Cowie missed having an optional "weapon-vs-armor-type" rule, and noted that it might have been a good idea to copy the rule from "AD&D" that at zero hit points a character falls unconscious, not dead. Calling the few errors in the box minor irritants, he felt that this set was "head and shoulders above any other" game as an introduction to roleplaying. Cowie ended his review by stating that "Basic is a lot closer to the spirit of the original game than is the rambling, unwieldy and sometimes pompous Advanced" and that "for one-off dungeon type games I would recommend Basic to anyone, beginner and veteran alike."
References.
Reviews: "Different Worlds" #12 (1981), "Different Worlds" #34 (1984), "Dragon" #84 (1984)

</doc>
<doc id="19485614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485614" title="List of G8 summit resorts">
List of G8 summit resorts

List of G8 summit resorts includes past and prospective venues for the annual meetings of G8 heads of state, the President of the European Union and other invited guests.
The choice of a site for these summit meetings is left entirely to the host nation. The location choices of host nations have been informed in some cases by perceived pre- and post-summit economic benefits.
The serial accounts of these summits have tended to focus on international macro-consequences; but the host-country's decision-making has also seemed to focus on micro-consequences which have been otherwise overshadowed or overlooked.

</doc>
<doc id="19485637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485637" title="André de Richaud">
André de Richaud

André de Richaud (April 6, 1907, Perpignan - September 29, 1968, Montpellier) was a French poet and writer. After his father was killed in the First World War in 1915, his mother became a lover of a German prisoner of war, which caused him a trauma that made him later sell their house and move away. At the age of twenty he wrote an autobiographical novel "Pain" (whose heroine's impact on her son's life seems similar to the impact of the stepfather on the life of Baudelaire) which greatly influenced Albert Camus. 
He was awarded the 1954 Prix Guillaume Apollinaire.
His works include novels, poetry, plays and essays. Despite being successful (his friends included Jean Giraudoux, André Gide, Jean Cocteau, Fernand Léger, Luis Buñuel, Jean Marais and Léon-Paul Fargue), he could never come to terms with the world (which is typical for a poète maudit), and became addicted to alcohol and drugs. He died in a hospital, self-destructed, paralyzed and penniless, but in his words "thankfully surrounded by friends - children and dogs."
Works.
""J'ai cru tricher, et l'on m'a triché : croyant avoir deux figures, je n'en ai plus." / "I thought that I was creating delusions, but I was deluded myself: I thought I had two personalities, and I have none.""

</doc>
<doc id="19485641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485641" title="Valdemar Møller">
Valdemar Møller

He starred at the Royal Danish Theatre between 1903–1905 and appeared in several silent films in the early 1910s. However, he only actively featured in films from the late 1930s.

</doc>
<doc id="19485649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485649" title="Endowment for Middle East Truth">
Endowment for Middle East Truth

Endowment for Middle East Truth (EMET) is a registered 501(c)3 non-profit organization. According to the group's website, it is "...the first unabashedly pro-Israel and pro-American think tank and policy shop on Capitol Hill..." and describes itself as focusing on, "...Israel’s unique role as being the eastern outpost of Western democratic values, holding down the fort against a rising tide of radical Islam, and the enormous strategic benefit it brings to the United States, contributing substantial intelligence and hard-earned tactical advice in the war on terrorism.
Seminars.
The organization holds seminars on topics related to the Middle East and the Arab-Israeli Conflict In 2008, these seminars were sponsored by the Adelson Family Foundation under the title "Dr. Miriam and Sheldon G. Adelson Policy Seminar Series". 
The organization holds an annual fund-raising event named the "Rays of Light in the Darkness Dinner," where the organization awards "Speaker of the Truth Awards" to U.S Representatives and Senators, Middle East policy experts and "...those from the Arab and Muslim world who speak out against radical Islam." 
Previous Honorees of the event have included: 
Involvement with the Mosab Hassan Yousef Deportation Hearing.
EMET "waged a short campaign" to prevent Mosab Hassan Yousef a former Israeli spy and author of Son of Hamas from being deported from the United States. Mosab publicly thanked the organization following his immigration hearing saying,"I am especially grateful to Sarah Stern, president of the Endowment for Middle Eastern Truth. Today’s blessings would not have happened without her and this amazing organization." In response to the decision, the organization released a statement, saying that it was,"enormously grateful to all those who played a part in standing with Mosab during this time, and helping the Department of Homeland Security come to understand what a grave error deporting Mosab would have been."
EMET's Role in the Distribution of the video Obsession prior to the 2008 Presidential Election.
In 2008, the Clarion Fund began a campaign to distribute the DVD "Obsession: Radical Islam's War against the West." The Endowment for Middle East Truth and Aish HaTorah were both alleged to have participated in funding the distribution of the DVD to swing voters in advance of the November 2008 election. Both EMET and Aish Hatorah disputed claims to their involvement in the project. According to the Jewish Telegraphic Agency, EMET had originally agreed to participate in the campaign by writing a policy paper, and to conduct "educational outreach subsequent to the distribution" but was not involved with funding for the distribution of the DVD, and eventually withdrew completely from the project. EMET President Sarah Stern said she had, "made a mistake" in involving EMET in the project, but that the organization still backed the message of the film. EMET was responsible for organizing a showing of the video in the U.S Capitol in March 2008.
Involvement with Campaign to Seek U.S. Indictments for Palestinians Released by Israel.
According to an article in The Jerusalem Post, the organization was responsible for initiating a bipartisan congressional letter to Attorney General Eric Holder on the subject of the Department of Justice's Office of Justice for Victims Justice for Overseas Terrorism, accusing the office of failing to serve American citizens in Israel who were victims of Palestinian terrorist attacks. The letter was sponsored by Democratic Congressman Howard Berman and Republican Congressman Joe Walsh, and 52 co-sponsors, who joined in demanding the Attorney General pursue indictments against Palestinian terrorists released by Israel in the Gilad Shalit prisoner exchange. In response to the letter, EMET President Stern was reported as saying, “The failure of the Department of Justice, under both Republican and Democratic administrations, to meet its obligations to pursue justice for terror victims is deeply troubling, and we’re hopefully that this letter, and future congressional oversight on this issue will provide the impetus necessary for the Justice Department to do the right thing.”
Publication of Saudi Arabia and the Global Islamic Terrorist Network.
Sarah Stern appears as editor and co-contributor, along with other EMET advisory board members, in the publication of the book "Saudi Arabia: The Global Islamic Terrorist Network: America and the West's Fatal Embrace", published by Palgrave Macmillan on November 8, 2011. In promoting the book, Stern appeared on the Christian Broadcasting Network accusing the United States of an addiction to foreign oil, and Saudi Arabia of fomenting antisemitism and anti-Americanism through the funding of mosques in the United States.
Board.
EMET's Advisory Board includes or has in the past included:

</doc>
<doc id="19485669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485669" title="National Aircraft Factory No. 2">
National Aircraft Factory No. 2

National Aircraft Factory No. 2 (NAF No.2) was a World War I UK government owned aircraft factory located at Heaton Chapel, Stockport. It produced over 450 warplanes during 1918/19.
Management.
In 1917, the UK government decided to increase the country's aircraft production capacity by establishing 'National Aircraft Factories'. These were to be managed by large established industrial firms from outside the aircraft industry. NAF No.2 was created at Crossley Road, Heaton Chapel, next to the London & North Western Railway company's line between Manchester (London Road) station and Stockport (Edgeley) station. Crossley Motors had partially completed a factory on the site and this was incorporated in a revised larger facility to be managed by the firm. The factory was completed in mid 1918.
Aircraft production.
An initial production contract was received by NAF No.2 for 500 de Havilland DH.9 single-engined two-seat biplane day bombers for the Royal Air Force. The first DH.9 to be shipped from the Heaton Chapel factory was serial D1001 in March 1918. Approximately 450 had been built when production ceased in spring 1919. Early production aircraft were despatched from NAF No.2 by rail, using the factory's adjacent LNWR sidings, to an Aircraft Acceptance Park at Coal Aston near Sheffield for final erection and testing. From May 1918 the DH.9s were transported in sections by rail or road to an Aircraft Acceptance Park at the newly opened Alexandra Park Aerodrome in Manchester where the aircraft were assembled and flight tested before delivery to the RAF. The last 50 aircraft plus further NAF No.2 contracts for additional DH.9s were cancelled after the Armistice.
A further contract was received for the production of 200 de Havilland DH.10 Amiens twin-engined biplane day bombers. The first seven DH.10s (serials F351/357) were completed at NAF No.2, and test flown, from February 1919 onwards before the remaining machines on order were cancelled.
Closure of NAF No.2 and subsequent use of factory buildings.
After the cancellation of remaining orders for military aircraft, the buildings were used by Crossley Motors for the manufacture of goods vehicles. The Fairey Aviation Company of Hayes, Middlesex, received large contracts for military aircraft and sought a dispersed factory site. They therefore took over the Heaton Chapel facilities in early 1935 and constructed further production buildings. Nearly 4,400 new aircraft were built at the factory between 1936 and 1958 and assembled at test flown at the nearby Ringway Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="19485688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485688" title="837th Air Division">
837th Air Division

The 837th Air Division (837th AD) is an inactive United States Air Force organization. Its last assignment was with Tactical Air Command, assigned to Ninth Air Force, being stationed at Shaw Air Force Base, South Carolina. It was inactivated on February 1, 1963.
The unit was an intermediate command echelon of Tactical Air Command, providing command and control of tactical visual, electronic, and weather reconnaissance wings and organizations between January 1958 – February 1963. Between March 1958 and June 1959, the division operated the USAF Advanced Flying Training School, Tactical Reconnaissance. Subordinate units flew reconnaissance missions during the Cuban missile crisis of 1962.
Inactivated as a result of budget reductions, its units being consolidated directly into Ninth Air Force.
History.
Components.
Wings
Group

</doc>
<doc id="19485699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485699" title="1986 British Speedway League">
1986 British Speedway League

Final table.
M = Matches; W = Wins; D = Draws; L = Losses; Pts = Total Points

</doc>
<doc id="19485711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485711" title="Bureau d'études des postes et télécommunications d'outre-mer">
Bureau d'études des postes et télécommunications d'outre-mer

The "Bureau d'études des postes et télécommunications d'outre-mer" (BEPTOM, Office of Oversea Posts and Telecommunications Studies in English) was a French public institution, financially autonomous. Linked to the French Minister of Cooperation, its goal was to help in the postal and telecommunication areas the French Overseas territories and the newly independent states that asked for it. It operated from 1956 until late 1994.
In philately, the office was notable as the postage stamp agency and printer of the late French colonies. It sold these issues to collectors at an agency in Paris.
Concerning telecommunications, its action was limited by the competition from French private companies in Francophone Africa.
History.
From 1956, French Overseas posts and telecommunications were reorganized and decentralized consequently to the independence of the protectorates of Morocco and Tunisia, and in prevision of the independence of other oversea territories.
During this process, the "Bureau d'études des postes et télécommunications d'outre-mer" was created. It can intervene when asked by oversea territories and independent states thank to four internal services.
The postage stamp service prepared philatelic products. The operation and juridic affair service helped to organize postal and telecommunication networks in these countries, including the redaction of regulations and laws. The technical purchase service centralized orders from different countries to bargain over prices with French firms. The technical cooperation service trained the managers at CIPEC-PT, a post and telecommunication school in Toulouse. The CIPEC-PT declined with the opening of specialized training schools in Africa.
In 1991, the general inspection wrote a report for the Minister of Industry about the post and telecommunication cooperation. Then, discussions with public and private actors of the sectors in France and Africa concluded to the disappearance of the BEPTOM, officially on 1 January 1995 following a decree signed by Prime Minister Édouard Balladur on 22 December 1995.
Actions in the postal sector.
The BEPTOM help to install, maintain and regulate postal networks included the creation of postage stamps if the territories and countries asked for it. If they kept the choice of the subjects depicted on stamps, the BEPTOM brought the necessary expertise: French stamp designers and engravers and the French Post' printer plant, the "Imprimerie des timbres-poste et des valeurs fiduciaires".
The "Agence des timbres-poste d'outre-mer" (ATPOM, Overseas Postage Stamp Agency), located "avenue de la Bourdonnais" in Paris, sold the stamps to collectors. It was a continuous activity started by the Minister of Colonies in the 1894, then at the "Pavillon de Flore" in the Louvre Palace, and after at different addresses: 10 rue du Mont-Thabor, rue Vaneau and 80 rue du Faubourg-Saint-Denis. African post offices promoted their philately at low cost because the French philatelic press and stamp dealers contacted directly the ATPOM.
At the beginning of the 1990s, the oversea territories and African countries' post offices were inform of the project to close the BEPTOM. La Poste postage stamp agency, the Postage Stamp and Philately National Service, proposed its printing service to the Overseas collectivities, its subsidiaries in Mayotte and Saint-Pierre-et-Miquelon and the independent public postal operators in New Caledonia, French Polynesia and Wallis-et-Futuna.
In Africa, BEPTOM helped post offices took two ways on the market of postage stamp creation: either they hired printers to print their philatelic program, or they gave an agency the contract of creating, printing and selling this program. Depending on the countries' financial possibilities and need in postage stamps for their interior market, some kept a controlled policy of stamp issues like Mali that hired reputed printers like Courvoisier and the Tunisian post. Others lost control of their issuing policy like Burkina Faso: agencies proposed on the philatelic market lots of stamps without any thematical links to the country. From the creation of the WADP Numbering System ("WNS") and the discovery of illegal stamps, never ordered by the countries they bore the name, former BEPTOM helped countries in Francophone Africa had retook charge of their philatelic programs.
Actions in the telecommunication sector.
By its actions financed partly with public subventions and unbilled to the helped countries, the BEPTOM competited with the Société française d'études de télécommunications and France Câbles et Radio, even if the latter controlled the international communication market of around fifteen countries without financing and maintaining the interior network. Progressively, to respect competitors, the BEPTOM limited itself to urgency interventions and to help privatized France Télécom take step in these markets.
After the BEPTOM disappeared, French associations, such as CSDPTT, continued the cooperative actions in Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="19485729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485729" title="Dave Long (American football)">
Dave Long (American football)

David Frank Long (born September 6, 1944 in Jefferson, Iowa) was an American football defensive lineman in the National Football League who played seven seasons for the St. Louis Cardinals and the New Orleans Saints. Long played college football at the University of Iowa.

</doc>
<doc id="19485746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485746" title="Seven Mile Dam">
Seven Mile Dam

Seven Mile Dam is a concrete gravity-type hydroelectric dam on the Pend d'Oreille River 15 km SE of Trail, 18 km downstream from Boundary Dam and 9 km upsteam from Waneta Dam in the Canadian province of British Columbia. The powerplant has a capacity of 848 MW and generates 3200 GWh per year. The May, June and early July flow of the river in most years, is greater than the plants capacity. During these times water is spilled, not used to generate power. Under the Canal Plant Agreement operations are coordinated with Waneta Dam. 

</doc>
<doc id="19485762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485762" title="Raucous Records">
Raucous Records

Raucous Records is a British record label focusing on rockabilly, psychobilly, rock and roll, and surf music. The label has released albums such as "Between The Polecats" by The Polecats, "Rock 'n' Roll Fever" by Jay Chance, "Rockabilly Express" by Gary Setzer and Barry Ryan, "The Lost Album" by The Meteors, "Real Gone Katz" by The Go-Katz, "Reeferbilly Blowout" by The Shakin' Pyramids, "My Ol' Guitar" by Gary Bennett ex-BR5-49, and "This is Rockabilly Clash" by various Rockabilly bands performing the songs of The Clash.
The label was formed in 1987 by Howard Raucous, initially to release a vinyl EP by his psychobilly band The Go-Katz, Initially based in Loughborough, Leicestershire, relocating in the early 1990s to Fleetwood, Lancashire.

</doc>
<doc id="19485773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485773" title="Agnes Rehni">
Agnes Rehni

Agnes Rehni (24 May 1887 - 3 November 1966) was a Danish stage and film actress.

</doc>
<doc id="19485774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485774" title="Vedha">
Vedha

Vedha is a Tamil movie starring Arun Vijay and Sheela released in 2008. "Vedha" narrates the story of two affectionate brothers and the elder brother's sacrifices for his sibling.
Vijay (Arun Vijay) is crazy about his younger brother Vadhan (Jerovadhan) who cannot stomach failure. Then in a college election, he impersonates the police officer on duty, batters a group of goondas, threatens other candidates and forces them to withdraw, only so that brother gets elected. But by this act, Vijay earns the wrath of the local gangster Sathya (Sathyaprakash).
Meantime, Vijay meets Vedha (Sheila) and after a few meetings, both of them develop an affinity towards each other. Simultaneously, Vijay learns that Vadhan is in love. When Vadhan feels hesitant and unsure of success in his love, Vijay elects to help him, as usual. They visit a mall where predictably, Vadhan introduces Vedha as the light of his life. Hiding his disappointment Vijay congratulates his brother and with his convincing dialogues, persuades Vedha to marry Vadhan. The fairy-tale wedding takes place, but a shocking truth revealed during the wedding night shatters the lives of Vijay, Vedha and Vadhan.
With a little more drama and enthralling charm, Vedha would have been even more appealing.

</doc>
<doc id="19485776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485776" title="1987 British Speedway League">
1987 British Speedway League

Final table.
M = Matches; W = Wins; D = Draws; L = Losses; Pts = Total Points

</doc>
