<doc id="19518474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518474" title="Ichabod Range">
Ichabod Range

The Ichabod Range is a mountain range in Elko County, Nevada. The northern portion of the range is contained within the Mountain City Ranger District of the Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest. The range is considered to be a sub-range of the Jarbidge Mountains. 

</doc>
<doc id="19518480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518480" title="Idaho Canyon Range">
Idaho Canyon Range

The Idaho Canyon Range is a mountain range in Humboldt County, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="19518489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518489" title="Johnnie Range">
Johnnie Range

The Johnnie Range is a mountain range in the Mojave Desert, in southern Nye County, Nevada, USA.

</doc>
<doc id="19518496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518496" title="Dondo, Angola">
Dondo, Angola

Dondo is a town in northern Angola. It belongs to Cuanza Norte Province.
Namesakes.
There are several towns with this name. This is the one which is a branch terminus on the northern Luanda Railways. The namesakes are in Huila Province, Uíge Province and Huambo Province.

</doc>
<doc id="19518500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518500" title="Pyaasa (2002 film)">
Pyaasa (2002 film)

Pyaasa ("Eternal Thirst") is a 2002 Hindi film directed by A. Muthu. The film tells the story of Suraj (Aftab Shivdasani), a young man, full of dreams, aspirations, desire, but no money. He is desperate for money. In walks, the anchor of his life, Sheetal Oberoi (Yukta Mookhey in her first major leading role in Hindi cinema), boss of a Mega Corporate company. Who has with her only money... money... money... 
Plot.
Pyaasa is a love triangle with revenge as its base. Suraj (Aftab Shivdasani) aspires to be a millionaire some day, but all hopes of making it big are squashed by his father, (Govind Namdeo) and uncle (Anang Desai), who don't approve of selling their ancestorial land. Sheetal (Yukta Mookhey), a tycoon, who hires Suraj to work for her business empire. Prem (Zulfi Syed) is Suraj's cousin and an accomplished businessman, who Suraj detests. What Suraj does not know is that Sheetal is just using him as a pawn to extract revenge from Prem and his father, Anang Desai. How Suraj faces up to Sheetal and thwarts her motives forms the rest of the story. 
MAHALALKUMAR
Box-Office.
Pyaasa was one of the biggest flop at the box office 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19518507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518507" title="List of recurring characters in Postman Pat">
List of recurring characters in Postman Pat

The following is a list of recurring characters in the animated children's programme "Postman Pat". "
B.
Ajay Bains — He and his family have recently moved to Pencaster. He is in charge of the "Pencaster Flyer" as well as his beloved Greendale Rocket.<br>
Nikhil Bains — Ten-month-old baby boy of Ajay and Nisha.<br>
Nisha Bains — Ajay’s wife, who combines running the Station Café with looking after her two children, Meera (8) and Nikhil (ten months).<br>
Meera Bains — Eight-year-old daughter of Ajay and Nisha and also Julian Clifton's pen pal .<br> 
Shabnam Bains — Unseen, but Ajays' first child, who lives in India with her grandmother.<br>
Mrs. Bains — Unseen, but the mother of Ajay, who lives with her granddaughter Shabnam in India].
C.
Julian Clifton — Seven-year-old schoolchild and the only child of Postman Pat and Sara.<br>
Pat Clifton — Postman, main character and primary protagonist; husband of Sara and father of Julian. He always manages to land himself in difficult and/or amusing situations, and is friends with almost everyone in Greendale and the surrounding countryside of whom he meets on his rounds. <br>
Sara Clifton — Pat's wife and Julien's mother, Sara is a stay-at-home mother. She has a fairly insignificant role in the show but remains structurally integral to the character cast. "Postman Pat and the Big Surprise" mentioned that Sara once worked in a Post Office.<br>
Mat Clifton — Pat's American cousin and Julian's uncle and appeared in "Postman Pat's Pirate Treasure" since he hid the Greendale cup years ago when he was young. He came to Greendale to find it with the help from Pat, Julian and Meera in time for the Flower Show.
D.
Granny Dryden — Granny Dryden is a friendly old lady who lives in a cottage in the Greendale countryside with Miss Hubbard (the character has not been shown or seen on the show since 1996). She is mildly infirm, hence her asking Pat to help her with assorted household jobs. She is also very hard of hearing, begetting the need for Pat to talk to her exaggeratedly loudly. Often has lots of old belongings and accumulated possessions of which she has given many to Pat and various other characters in the show, notably the old dummies and a tuba in "Postman Pat and the Tuba" and an old diary to Miss Hubbard in "Postman Pat and the Suit of Armour".
F.
Peter Fogg — Peter is another farmer who works at Greendale Farm with the Pottages and lives with his wife Jenny (who has never been shown on the TV version of the show), (Peter Fogg has not been seen on the show since 1996)<br>
Major Forbes — Major Forbes is an old, deerstalker-wearing army major, and says things such as "Eh, what", "Old chap" and "Good man". He only appeared in 11 episodes. He was first mentioned in the 1981 episode 'The Sheep In The Clover Field' which features his prize-winning bull. (Major Forbes has not been seen on the show since 1996)
G.
Ted Glen/Ted Glenn — Ted is the local handyman and can fix anything. Ted’s something of an inventor and enjoys inventing strange contraptions. Mostly occupies himself with general pottering about in his workshop or fixing his ageing Land-Rover lorry/full-sized pick-up truck.<br>
Sarah Gilbertson — Brunette wide haired schoolchild, daughter of Dr. Sylvia Gilbertson.<br>
Dr. Sylvia Gilbertson — Greendale's blonde Welsh doctor and mother of Sarah Gilbertson.<br>
Bonnie Goggins — Mrs Goggins' white West Highland Terrier.<br>
Mrs Goggins — The village postmistress in Greendale, Mrs Goggins came to Greendale from Scotland and has a small West Highland Terrier, Bonnie. Her full name is Euphegenia Gertrude Goggins.
H.
Miss Rebecca Hubbard — Miss Hubbard is a friend of Pat, (she also lives in a cottage in the countryside like Granny Dryden) she also has her own bike and always likes to go to choir practice . She has only so far been seen in series 1&2 in the 80's and the 90's , (in 2014 The character will also appear in Postman Pat the movie .) 
J.
Jess the Cat — Postman Pat's black-and-white cat. he is very smart and always seems to be able to help people when they are in need.
L.
Michael Lam — He runs the mobile shop and library.<br>
George Lancaster — A farmer at Intake Farm. (he only appeared in the 80s and 90s series). George is often seen with wooly hat loosely placed on his head.
P.
Julia Pottage — Black-haired orchard farmer, mother of Katy and Tom. She has not been seen or shown on the show since 2006.<br>
Katy Pottage — Blonde girl with twin brother Tom.<br>
Tom Pottage — Timid blond boy with twin sister Katy.<br>
Charlie Pringle — Seven years old and very clever; loves science. In some ways he is similar to Pat, because he has a long nose and glasses.<br>
Jeff Pringle — School teacher and father of Charlie. He has not been seen on the show since 2006.
S.
Arthur Selby — The black-haired policeman with a moustache, he patrols in Greendale and Pencaster. The father of Lucy Selby, usually referred to as just PC Selby, or Arthur in the case of the adults of Greendale. He is highly incompetent and also takes his business very seriously, ironically with regards to sorting out menial issues of policing. .<br>
Lucy Selby — Brunette schoolchild and the seven-year-old daughter of PC Selby.
T.
Ben Taylor — General Manager of the Pencaster Sorting Office and works with Pat for the Special Delivery Service.<br>
Lauren Taylor — Wife of Ben and the new school teacher in Greendale.<br>
Lizzy Taylor — Nine-year-old schoolchild and daughter of Ben and Lauren. Lizzy is a wheelchair user and has been since birth. <br>
Alf Thompson — Alf is a black-haired farmer with a moustache and runs Thompson Ground with his wife Dorothy.<br>
Bill Thompson — Black-haired ten-year-old schoolchild and the son of Alf and Dorothy. <br>
Dorothy Thompson — A blonde farmer's wife, Dorothy runs Thompson Ground with Alf Thompson.<br>
Reverend Timms — The white-haired local Vicar in Greendale.
W.
Sam Waldron — Sam Waldron is the owner of a van-based convenience retailer, known as "Sam's Mobile Shop". He is a good old friend of Pat who they once mutually assisted by delivering together. Pat often picks up the odd pack of biscuits or cough medicine from the shop now and again. Sam also has a toothbrush moustache which is usually infamous due to its association with Adolf Hitler. He has not been featured on the show since 1996.<br>
Amy Wrigglesworth — Amy is a fully trained vet who has come to work from Skegness.<br>
'"Pumpkin Wrigglesworth" — Pumpkin is Amy's Welsh mountain pony and can be very stubborn and grumpy.

</doc>
<doc id="19518514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518514" title="2nd Health Support Battalion (Australia)">
2nd Health Support Battalion (Australia)

The 2nd Health Support Battalion (2HSB) is a unit of the 17th Combat Service Support Brigade. It is based at the Gallipoli Barracks in Enoggera, Queensland. The battalion is rapidly deployable to provide field medical support for land-based forces. This includes initial wound surgery, resuscitation and medium to high intensity nursing care, (surgical resuscitation) and medium to high intensity nursing care in the area of operations.

</doc>
<doc id="19518524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518524" title="James Veitch (horticulturist)">
James Veitch (horticulturist)

James Veitch (25 January 1792 – May 1863) was the second in a long line of horticulturists who established the renowned family business Veitch Nurseries.
Veitch was the youngest son of John Veitch and his wife, Anna Davidson. James was a natural gardener and he helped his father on the Killerton estate from a very early age. When Sir Thomas Dyke Acland, 10th Baronet resurrected the landscaping projects at Killerton, James introduced many of his own ideas and working methods and some of the mature Spanish chestnuts and beech trees on the estate are a testament to this work.
The Budlake nursery continued to flourish and in 1832 with James now at the helm, the nursery was expanded with the purchase of of land at Mount Radford on the Topsham Road, Exeter. This was followed by the first of a number of shops or seed warehouses in the city centre area, with the first at 54 High Street and the last at the site of the Well House Inn in Cathedral Yard. 
By 1837 James Junior, the eldest of six children, had begun working at the nursery following training at several London-based nurseries. The family had by now moved into their specially-commissioned villa, Gras Lawn, close to the Mount Radford nursery. The multi-stemmed "Sequoiadendron giganteum" which graced the front garden of the Veitch residence can still be seen today as it towers above a new development off Barrack Road.
In 1839 James Veitch Snr extended the nurseries still further by renting of land at Poltimore known as the "Bramberries". This site was predominantly an overspill for Haldon and Brockhill (near Broadclyst Heath).
By now, James Junior had established the family business in Kings Road, Chelsea. In Exeter, James senior was succeeded by his younger son, Robert, and this branch became Robert Veitch & Sons.
The two nurseries operated together for ten years until the death of James Snr in May 1863.

</doc>
<doc id="19518532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518532" title="Colorado Attorney General">
Colorado Attorney General

The Attorney General of the State of Colorado is the chief legal officer for the state of Colorado, and the head of the Colorado Department of Law. The incumbent Colorado Attorney General is John Suthers, who was re-elected on November 2, 2010, to another four-year term beginning on January 11, 2011.
The Department of Law has six sections: Appellate, Natural Resources and Environmental, Consumer Protection, State Services, Civil Litigation and Employment Law, Criminal Justice, and Business & Licensing.

</doc>
<doc id="19518543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518543" title="International Association for Philosophy and Literature">
International Association for Philosophy and Literature

The International Association for Philosophy and Literature (IAPL), founded in 1976, brings together thinkers and scholars working in a wide range of disciplines concerned with the study of philosophical, historical, critical, and theoretical issues. The IAPL is dedicated to the exchange of ideas and to the enhancement of scholarly research in the arts and the humanities. The IAPL provides an opportunity to engage in discussion at the intersections of philosophical, literary, cultural, textual, visual, medial, art, and aesthetic theories. With its focus on interdisciplinary topics and commitments, the IAPL has played a role in the articulation of vital and exciting recent developments in philosophy, literature, and the arts.
Annual Conferences.
Annual IAPL conferences provide opportunities for dialogue and strategic readings, the articulation of contemporary themes and ideas, the exploration of various expressive arts, and the production of new theoretical discourses. 
The 33rd annual conference on "Double Edges: rhetorics-rhizomes-regions" will be held at Brunel University, 1–7 June 2009.
Recent conference themes and locations include:
Some recent keynote or plenary speakers have included: Rosi Braidotti, Jacques Derrida, Steve Dixon, Peter Eisenman, Frank Gehry, Peter Greenaway, Sneja Gunew, Steven Holl, Dominique Janicaud, Stelarc, Slavoj Žižek
Membership.
Membership in the IAPL (renewable each year beginning January 1) includes access to conference programs, special discounts on conference registration fees and at conference hotels, receipt of various IAPL brochures and publications, the Bibliography of Books Published by IAPL Members (now in its sixth edition), the opportunity to submit a conference paper, and the support of an extensive range of useful information made available on the IAPL website. Membership also includes a free book from the ongoing "Textures" series consisting of uniquely focused volumes of essays derived from previous IAPL
conferences.
Annual Book Exhibit.
The IAPL organizes an annual book exhibit as an integral part of each year’s conference. Focusing on the theme of the conference, the exhibit features a wide selection of new titles offered by major university and academic presses. This display provides a unique opportunity to peruse, purchase, and order current publications at discounted conference rates.
Publications.
The IAPL in concert with established publishers produces volumes resulting from its annual conferences. These books are fully edited, shaped, and recast as in-depth studies of a given topic with some of the major contributors to a particular IAPL conference.
Essays are selected for their development of aspects of the volume theme and for lasting value. The Textures: Philosophy / Literature / Culture Series is edited by Hugh J. Silverman, IAPL Executive Editor. Each volume is edited typically by the conference host coordinator(s). Members can select one of the current volumes as part of their membership benefits each year.
Recent volumes include:
IAPL Website.
The IAPL website includes details concerning upcoming conferences, past events, submission forms, and services provided by the IAPL. All of the most current information, arrangements for lodging, travel, and related concerns in connection with IAPL conferences is posted as soon as it is available. Both past and current conference programs are also accessible from the website.
Organization.
The International Association for Philosophy and Literature is organized by its Executive Director and Program Coordinator Hugh J. Silverman in concert with the other current members of the IAPL Executive Committee: Kuisma Korhonen (University of Helsinki, Maria Margaroni (University of Cyprus), and Gail Weiss (George Washington University) along with the local host coordinator(s) each year. The IAPL is based at Stony Brook University in Stony Brook, New York, USA.

</doc>
<doc id="19518563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518563" title="Smart system">
Smart system

Smart systems are defined as miniaturized devices that incorporate functions of sensing, actuation and control. They are capable of describing and analyzing a situation, and taking decisions based on the available data in a predictive or adaptive manner, thereby performing smart actions. In most cases the “smartness” of the system can be attributed to autonomous operation based on closed loop control, energy efficiency and networking capabilities.
Overview.
Smart systems typically consist of diverse components, such as:
A lot of smart systems evolved from microsystems. They combine technologies and components from Microsystems technology (miniaturized electric, mechanical, optical and fluidic devices) with knowledge, technology and functionality from other disciplines like biology, chemistry, nano sciences or cognitive sciences. Major application fields of smart systems are manufacturing technologies, medical technologies, automotive, aerospace, safety and security, logistics and ICT.
In an industrial context, and when emphasising the combination of components with the aim of merging their functional and technical abilities into an interoperable system, the term smart systems integration is used. This term reflects the industrial requirement and particular challenge of integrating different technologies, component sizes and materials into one system.
Challenges.
A major challenge in smart systems technology is the integration of a multitude of diverse components, developed and produced in very different technologies and materials. Focus is on the design and manufacturing of completely new marketable products and services for specialized applications (e.g. in medical technologies), and for mass market applications (e.g. in the automotive industries).
The systems approach calls for integrated design and manufacturing and has to bring together interdisciplinary technological approaches and solutions (converging technologies). Manufacturing companies as well as research institutes therefore face challenges in terms of specialised technological know-how, skilled labour, design tools and equipment needed for the research, design and manufacturing of integrated smart systems.
Economic and societal relevance.
Smart systems address environmental, societal and economic challenges like limited resources, climate change, aging population, and globalization. They are for that reason increasingly used in a large number of sectors. Key sectors in this context are transportation, healthcare, energy and environment, safety and security, logistics, ICT, and manufacturing.
In terms of environmental challenges, smart solutions for energy management and distribution, smart control of electrical drives, smart logistics or energy-efficient facility management could, by 2020, reduce global emissions by 23%, with an equivalent of 9.2 Gt CO2e.
In the automotive sector, smart systems integration will be a key enabler for pre-crash systems and predictive driver assistance features to reach the goal of the Road Safety Action Plan to halve the number of traffic deaths by 2020. Furthermore, smart systems are considered fundamental for sustainable and energy-efficient mobility, e.g. hybrid and electric traction.
Smart systems also considerably contribute to the development of the future Internet of Things, in that they provide smart functionality to everyday objects, e.g. to industrial goods in the supply chain, or to food products in the food supply chain. With the help of active RFID technology, wireless sensors, real-time sense and response capability, energy efficiency, as well as networking functionality, objects will become smart objects. In the vision of the Internet of Things these smart objects could support elderly and disabled people. The close tracking and monitoring of food products could improve food supply and food quality. Smart industrial goods could store information about their origin, destination, components and use. And waste disposal could become a truly efficient individual recycling process.
In the healthcare sector, smart systems technology leads to better diagnostic tools, to better treatment and quality of life for patients by simultaneously reducing costs of public healthcare systems. Key developments in this sector are smart miniaturized devices and artificial organs like artificial pancreas or artificial cochlea. Examples of smart devices are biochemical sensors that detect specific molecular markers in small amounts of body fluids or body tissue, Lab-on-Chip systems that include multiple functionalities such as sample taking, sample preparation and sample pre-treatment, data processing and storage, implantable systems which can be reabsorbed by the body after use, non-invasive sensors based on trans-dermal principles, or devices for responsive administration of medication. In healthcare the ability of smart systems to operate autonomously and within networks is also widely used, because those systems are able to provide real-time monitoring, diagnosis, interaction with other devices, and communication with the patient, physician or a wider network.
Examples.
Today, there are prototypes of smart systems as well as smart systems that have reached the state of commercial products. In this context, three generations of smart systems can be distinguished. Examples of 1st generation smart systems are object recognition devices, driver status monitoring systems and multifunctional devices for minimal invasive surgery. 2nd generation smart systems include active miniaturised artificial organs like artificial cochlea or artificial pancreas, advanced energy management systems, and environmental sensor networks. 3rd generation smart systems will combine technical “intelligence” and cognitive functions. In the context of the “Internet of Things” they will provide the indispensable interface between the virtual and the physical world.
Armatix developed Armatix iP1 pistol that uses RFID active wrist watch to function.

</doc>
<doc id="19518584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518584" title="Matt Walters">
Matt Walters

Matthew Jeremy Walters (born August 22, 1979) is a former American football player.
While at Eau Gallie High School, Walters lettered in three sports, including golf and basketball. Scouted by Baylor University as well as the universities of Florida and Virginia, he chose the University of Miami. Majoring in mechanical engineering at "The U," Walters distinguished himself academically, being named a 2002 First Team Verizon Academic All-American as well as winning the 2002 Big East Football Scholar-Athlete Award.
Walters was drafted in the fifth round of the 2003 NFL Draft (selection 150 overall) by the New York Jets. Walters is currently pursuing a career as an amateur triathlete training under his coach, Ed Donner.

</doc>
<doc id="19518623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518623" title="Andy King (footballer born 1970)">
Andy King (footballer born 1970)

Andrew John "Andy" King (born 30 March 1970) is an English former footballer.
Career.
King started his career with Reading in June 1988 after coming through their youth team and played one game in the 1988–89 season. He moved onto Oxford City after leaving Reading in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="19518693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518693" title="Leopold (given name)">
Leopold (given name)

Leopold is an originally Germanic name composed of two stems, common to Germanic names. The first part is related to the Latin word ""Leo"", meaning lion (Although some say the first part is related to Old High German ""liut"" meaning ""people""). The Germanic peoples had no word for ""lion"" as they weren't aware of the existence of lions until they established contacts with the Romans. The second part is of Germanic origin and means ""brave"", compare ""bold"". The name hence originally meant something close to ""as brave as a lion"". The name has been observed since the 5th century, including by the Frank Gregory of Tours, and the name gradually spread across Western Europe and during the 16th century it became popular in the southern Holy Roman Empire, due to the influence of the Margraves of Austria from the Babenberg dynasty.
Over a dozen Austrian rulers took the name Leopold, as did nearly a dozen from other European realms.
Other notable people bearing this name include:

</doc>
<doc id="19518725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518725" title="Advanced Card Systems">
Advanced Card Systems

Advanced Card Systems Ltd (ACS) is a Hong Kong-based company founded by Denny Wong in 1995. It is a fully owned subsidiary of Advanced Card Systems Holdings Ltd., a publicly listed company in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. ACS develops smart cards, smart card readers and related products, and distributes them to over one hundred countries. It was ranked by Frost & Sullivan as one of the world’s top 3 suppliers and Asia Pacific’s top supplier of PC-linked Smart Card Readers. In 2010, it was listed among Forbes Asia’s “Best Under a Billion", a prestigious list of 200 top-performing companies with sales between US$5 million and US$1 billion, selected from 12,930 publicly listed enterprises in Asia Pacific.
ACS has over 271 full-time employees as of December 31, 2012. The Group, building on the momentum of 2011, recorded in 2012 a record-high sales revenue of more than USD20.5 million.
Products and services.
ACS develops and supplies smart card reading and writing devices, smart cards, and other related products categorized into the following product lines:
ACS products are certified to be compliant with global and national industry standards. These include PC/SC and EMV for ACS USB and Serial Readers, USB certification defined by the USB consortium, Mondex, EMV CAP and VISA DPA, PBOC (The People’s Bank of China), NETS (Singapore and Korea), UL/CSA, U.S. Federal Communications Commission (FCC), VCCI, FIPS (Federal Information Processing Standards) and RoHS.
ACS also offers product customization services to meet customer specifications. These include custom branding on ACS smart card and reader products.
Furthermore, ACS conducts consultation and training sessions to help grow the smart card industry. In 2008, ACS offered an elective course on smart card technology in De La Salle University – Manila. In 2010, it conducted the first ever basic smart card training in the Philippines. It also conducted a two-day training on smart cards in the Information Technology Services Center (ITSC) of the Chinese University of Hong Kong (CHUK).
Applications.
System integrators, software developers and solution houses worldwide use ACS smart card and card reader technologies, to create smart card-based applications for security systems in various sectors, including banking, transportation, identification, e-health, e-government, access control and e-commerce.

</doc>
<doc id="19518739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518739" title="Sethnakht">
Sethnakht

Sethnakht was a name used in Egyptian royalty including 

</doc>
<doc id="19518740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518740" title="2010 Men's European Water Polo Championship">
2010 Men's European Water Polo Championship

The 2010 Men's European Water Polo Championship was the 29th edition of the bi-annual event, organised by the Europe's governing body in aquatics, the Ligue Européenne de Natation. The event took place from 29 August – 11 September at the Sports park Mladost in Zagreb, Croatia.
The decision about host country was brought on the LEN's meeting in Eindhoven in late March 2008.
Preliminary round.
Group A.
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
Group B.
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
7th–12th Classification.
7th–12th Quarterfinals.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19518743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518743" title="Lake Arrowhead Reservoir">
Lake Arrowhead Reservoir

Lake Arrowhead is an artificial lake located in the San Bernardino Mountains on Little Bear Creek, a tributary of Deep Creek and the Mojave River. It has a surface area of approximately and a capacity of . It is surrounded by the unincorporated community of Lake Arrowhead in San Bernardino County, California.
The lake was originally intended to serve as part of a major waterworks project to provide irrigation water to the San Bernardino Valley, and construction of the Lake Arrowhead Dam began toward that end in 1904. However, the original project was halted due to litigation over water supplies to land owners on the desert side of the mountains. Construction of the dam was completed in 1922 by the Arrowhead Lake Company, a Los Angeles syndicate, as part of a plan to develop the area into a resort.
Use of the lake is currently controlled by the Arrowhead Lake Association, which maintains the lake for the recreational use of its members. The Lake Arrowhead Community Services District withdraws water from the lake for treatment and distribution to local residents for potable use.

</doc>
<doc id="19518747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518747" title="Hermann Frommherz">
Hermann Frommherz

Generalmajor (Major General) Hermann Frommherz (10 August 1891 - 30 December 1964) Military Order of St. Henry, Royal House Order of Hohenzollern, Knight's Cross of the Military Karl-Friedrich Merit Order, began his military career in World War I as an ace fighter pilot. He was credited with 32 victories. During World War II he was involved in the German takeover of Czechoslovakia and rose to become a Luftwaffe Generalmajor.
Early life.
Hermann Frommherz was born in Waldshut, in the Baden region of Germany near the Swiss border. He studied engineering in Stuttgart. In late 1911, he joined the Mecklenburg Jäger Regiment Nr. 14 in the Imperial German Army. In the reserves when World War I began, he was mobilized in July 1914. He served in France with Regiment Nr. 14 and was promoted to Vizefeldwebel (non-commissioned officer). He was transferred to Infantry Regiment Nr. 250, which went into combat in Russia. Frommherz earned the Second Class Iron Cross in February 1915. By April 1915, he was with the 113th Infantry Regiment. On 1 June 1915, he transferred to aviation service.
World War I aerial service.
Frommherz began as a two-seater pilot with the "Luftstreitkräfte's" "Kampfstaffel" (Tactical Bomber Squadron) 20 of "Kagohl IV", at the Battle of Verdun and over the Somme River. He was commissioned as a Leutnant on 1 August 1916. Kasta 20 then moved to serve in Romania in December 1916, before being posted onward to Macedonia and Thessaloniki, Greece.
On 3 March 1917, Frommherz was assigned to "Jagdstaffel 2"; this elite squadron had been led by aviation tactical and strategic pioneer Oswald Boelcke and had been named for him after he was killed in action. Flying a light blue Albatros D.III nicknamed "Blaue Maus", Frommherz scored his first victory on 11 April 1917 - a No 23 Squadron RFC SPAD VII- and a Royal Aircraft Factory BE 2e as his second on the 14th. Both times, he forced the plane to land and the English pilot or crew were taken prisoner.
Frommherz was injured in a crash on 1 May 1917. By October, when he had recovered, he was seconded to instructor duty with FEA 3. In December, he received Lübeck's Hanseatic Cross.
Upon Frommherz's return on 1 March 1918 to "Jasta 2" to fly a Fokker Dr.I Triplane on 1 March 1918, he began a string of 30 victories that ran from 3 June 1918 until the war's end. He had two victories in June, six each in July and August, ten in September, four in October, and two on 4 November. Notable among his kills were the half dozen against the formidable Bristol F.2 Fighters. In the midst of his victory string, on 29 July 1918, he succeeded Hermann Göring as commanding officer of "Jagdstaffel 27".
Leutnant Frommherz had a good reputation as a commanding officer. Ernst de Ridder, when newly assigned to the Jasta, claimed he was allowed to retrain himself from the Fokker Dr.1 to the Fokker D.VII, then nurse-maided into combat with an experienced pilot to watch over him. As de Ridder stated, "He was so concerned about his boys." When de Ridder was wounded, Frommherz brought de Ridder's newly awarded Iron Cross to the hospital.
De Ridder left a description of Frommherz's Fokker D.VII insignia. It consisted of the yellow nose and tail common to his Jasta, along with red and black chevrons of a Staffelführer (squadron leader) painted on top of the upper wing.
Frommherz's blooming career now garnered him the Knight's Cross with Swords of the House Order of Hohenzollern on 30 September 1918, when his victory total stood at 26. The following month, he received the Knight's Cross of the Kingdom of Saxony's Karl Friedrich Military Merit Order. At some point, he had also been awarded the Knight's Cross of the Military Order of Saint Henry. Frommherz was also nominated for the Pour le Merite, having scored the required 20 victories; however, the award was still unapproved upon the Kaiser's abdication. Despite this non-award, Frommherz was seen wearing the decoration after the war; he had certainly fulfilled the criteria for it.
After World War I.
Postwar, Frommherz was active in the German Police Aviation Service. He also flew mail for Deutsche Luftreederei, a predecessor to Deutsche Luft Hansa.In 1920, he returned to Baden as technical chief at the new airfield at Lorach.
Beginning in 1922, the German high command ran a secret training site at Lipetsk in the Soviet Union. Frommherz became an instructor there in 1925. He was also an instructor in China. From 1931 to 1932, he taught the pilots of Chiang Kai-shek's new air force fighter tactics.
Frommherz returned to Germany to join the nascent Luftwaffe. He was Commanding Officer of I Gruppe, Jagdgeschwader 134 ("Horst Wessel") from September 1938 until 1 November 1938 as Oberstleutnant; when it was reconstituted as JG 142, he continued in command until the first day of 1939. As such, he was involved in the German invasion and conquest of Czechoslovakia, which had the code name Fall Grün (Case Green).
As a Major General, he was Commander of Jagdfliegerführer Deutsche Bucht from 1 April until 30 September 1942, following Werner Junck.
Post World War II.
Hermann Frommherz returned to civic affairs in his native town of Waldshut.
He died of a heart attack on 30 December 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="19518763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518763" title="Roger Vanderfield">
Roger Vanderfield

Ian Roger Vanderfield AO OBE (1928 – 25 September 2008) was an Australian doctor, and a rugby union referee and administrator. Vanderfield refereed over 1200 games, including 32 test matches and internationals.
Medical career.
A doctor by profession, Vanderfield graduated from the University of Sydney in 1952 and was a member of the Faculty of Medicine from 1973 to 1991. He was the Chief Medical Superintendent of Northern Sydney Area Health Service.
Vanderfield co-wrote the centenary history of Sydney's Royal North Shore Hospital. He was also the hospital's Honorary Archivist.
Rugby achievements.
In the 1980s, Vanderfield was President of the New South Wales Rugby Union and the Australian Rugby Union.
As chairman of the International Rugby Board Vanderfield was instrumental in establishing the first Rugby World Cup. The Australia and New Zealand Rugby Unions had launched a joint proposal to introduce a World Cup. There was reluctance from England, Ireland, Scotland, and Wales. Vanderfield flew to South Africa at his own expense and convinced SARU not to vote against the proposal. South Africa abstained and other unions came on board. Eventually the proposal was adopted by a vote of eight to six.
Honours.
Vanderfield was appointed an Officer of the Order of Australia in 2006 for service to the community through the delivery of health care services at Royal North Shore Hospital, Sydney, and to Rugby Union football.
He was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire in the 1976 New Year Honours, "or services to medicine and sport".
Vanderfield was elected a life member of numerous Rugby bodies. On 24 October 2011, he was posthumously inducted into the IRB Hall of Fame for his role in the creation of the Rugby World Cup.
The Vanderfield Building at Royal North Shore Hospital is named after him.
Trophy donor.
The B.A.R Trophy was presented by three leading Sydney rugby union referees, H.B.(Bernie) Freeman, A.T.(Arthur) Tierney and I.R.(Roger) Vanderfield, who travelled to Canberra regularly during the 1950s to conduct examinations for referees. The trophy is an engraved pewter mug presented each year to the most improved referee of the Australian Capital Territory Rugby Referees Association. The award is intended to encourage ACT referees to better themselves and to express the gratitude of the donors for the hospitality and friendship extended to them by the members.

</doc>
<doc id="19518790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518790" title="Tonkin snub-nosed monkey">
Tonkin snub-nosed monkey

The Tonkin snub-nosed monkey or Dollman's snub-nosed monkey ("Rhinopithecus avunculus") is a critically endangered, slender-bodied arboreal colobine, endemic to northern Vietnam. Recorded at elevations between 200 to 1,200 m, its distribution is currently restricted to small fragmented tropical evergreen forests associated with steep karst limestone hills and mountains. Five isolated extant populations have been identified since its rediscovery in 1992. Despite heralded as a flagship species and subsequently receiving international attention and conservation actions, the
population trend remains on the decline; therefore causing it to be continuously listed as one of "The World's 25 Most Endangered Primates."
since the first global non-human primate biennial assessment began in 2001.
Habitat loss and hunting are some of the major causes for declines of naturally occurring populations of non-human primates, including the Tonkin Snub-nosed monkey. Decades of expanding human population and increasing demands for scarce agriculturally viable lands have led to the loss and fragmentation of the monkey's habitats. However, habitats of known Tonkin snub-nosed monkey populations were long lost and fragmented prior to their rediscovery. A pioneering study in 1993, in Na Hang Nature Reserve, obtained a population count of 72 individuals (estimated 80), and a subsequent study at the same site in 2005 obtained a population count of 17 individuals (estimated 22). Evidenced by both primary and secondary data, the population decline within that 13-year period can only be attributed to hunting activities.
Sightings of the monkey have become increasingly rare. The primate was thought to be extinct until the 1990s, when a small population was discovered in Na Hang District in Tuyên Quang Province of Vietnam. Heavy poaching for food as well as the wildlife black market and the destruction of habitat are the main reasons why the Tonkin snub-nosed monkey is considered one of the planet's most critically endangered primate species .
By 2008, when a small population with three infants was discovered in a remote forest, fewer than 250 of the primates were thought to exist. In December of 2013, Fauna & Flora international released the result of a population survey conducted between September and October of that year in the Khau Ca Species and Habitat Conservation Area, Ha Giang province, Vietnam. The survey identified between 108-113 individuals alive in the conservation zone, nearly half of the standing estimate for world population and the highest number at the site since populations began to be monitored. Researchers took this as an encouraging sign that conservation efforts were making an impact on the species' steeply declining numbers. 
Biology.
The Tonkin snub-nosed monkey is diurnal and its diet consists of a range of leaves, fruits, flowers and seeds. Detailed information on this species can be found on Arkive.org and Alltheworldsprimates.org

</doc>
<doc id="19518793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518793" title="Australian Computers in Education Conference">
Australian Computers in Education Conference

The Australian Computers in Education Conference (ACEC) is the biennial conference of the Australian Council for Computers in Education (ACCE). The conference brings together educators from across Australia and around the world who are interested in the use of information and communication technologies to support and enhance teaching and learning in school classrooms, as opposed to a focus on its use in higher education, or school administration.
Affiliate member organisations of ACCE take turns to host the national conference, in place of their own state conference. The affiliates are:
History.
The first ACEC conference took place in Melbourne in 1983. Since that time it has continued to provide teachers around the country a forum to exchange information on classroom activity, make connections with each other, and learn from experts in the field. The conference proceedings provide an insight into the nature of educational computing practice since the early 1980s and the papers are widely cited in the research field literature. 
In 2008 the conference was held in Canberra and the then Education Minister Julia Gillard delivered the opening Keynote Address, highlighting the importance of digital technologies in her education reform agenda.

</doc>
<doc id="19518795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518795" title="Ovsiše">
Ovsiše

Ovsiše () is a village in the Municipality of Radovljica in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. The village church is dedicated to Saint Nicholas.

</doc>
<doc id="19518798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518798" title="Govind Namdev">
Govind Namdev

Govind Namdev is an Indian film actor. Govind made his debut as a corrupt cop in David Dhawan's "Shola Aur Shabnam" (1992). He has acted in numerous critically acclaimed movies, often as villain in well-regarded performances. He is an alumnus of the National School of Drama.
Some of his most notable work has been in films like "Bandit Queen, Virasat, Satya, Kachche Dhaage, Mast, Thakshak, Phir Bhi Dil Hai Hindustani, Pukar, Raju Chacha, Sarfarosh, Satta, Qayamat" and "Main Madhuri Dixit Banna Chahti Hoon."
Personal life.
Govind Namdeo is from Sagar, Madhya Pradesh. He currently lives in Mumbai with his wife Sudha Namdeo and three daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="19518804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518804" title="Tribu (film)">
Tribu (film)

Tribu () is a Filipino crime drama film directed by Jim Libiran, released in its home country of the Philippines in 2007. It stars real life gangs members from the films setting in Tondo, Manila. The tagline is "Every night, juvenile tribes prowl the streets of Tondo. An explosive hiphop, freestyle gangsta celebration of inner city Manila." Critics were quick to point out his gritty portrayal of Manila's Tondo district:
"Libiran thoroughly knows his geography. His Tondo reeks of the true effluent of human sewage, pulsing with the din and blare of its noise and confusion, to the howl of animals led to their slaughter in Vitas. But amid the racket are also humanity and tenderness, as shown by the warm interaction during family dinners of the gang members.
"This is Tondo in all its singeing but lyrical heights, in all its ballast and flare. Housewives pounce on a Meralco inspector, who uses binoculars to read the meters perched on extraordinary heights beyond human tampering, to protest high power rates. Gangs foster fellowship though the brutality of hazing and the camaraderie of drinking sessions. They celebrate life in and out of season, even as they seem bent on a bloodbath for the killing season. There’s no let-up to life and passion."
Most of the actors were, in fact, residents of Tondo, Manila itself, and most were still active in street gang activities in the area during the making of the film. The filmmaker employed real-life gang members as lead actors in this film. Fifty-two (52) teen-agers who were members of seven (7) rival clans, agreed to work together to finish this difficult project and triggered a wave of unification and peace in a large part of Tondo's ghettos.
According to Variety Magazine the film "... takes the viewer deep inside a Manila slum blighted by drugs and gang violence, "Tribe" is a disturbing snapshot of a community in chaos." 
Critics described it as (a) "...powerful but downbeat portrait of a world ruled by the vicious circle of poverty and crime, focuses on its main victims, the young generation, angrily self-destructing itself out of sheer desperation." 
The film received nine awards and 14 nominations: Cinemalaya Independent Film Festival, Cinemanila International Film Festival and the Gawad Urian Awards. Tribu also won the "Pari de l'Avenir" 'Bet for the Future award' at the Festival Paris Cinema awards, the only non-European film to accomplish this.
Plot.
Taking place at present times, "Tribu" tells the story of street life in the slums of Tondo, Manila, a lower class suburb in the northwest portion of the city of Manila. The film is told from the viewpoint of a young ten-year-old boy named Ebet who We follow as he witnesses the deadly lives of teen age gang members in Tondo and the events that lead to their explosive confrontation. The film follows Ebet who witnesses three youths being initiated into the Thugz Angels gang. In the opening sequence of the film, the 10-year-old boy explains the genesis of the tribes. They exist, he says, because the children are poor. They are poor because they or their parents lack jobs. In Tondo, the boy says, you have to be tough or you die. Even a child needs to be tough. But in the hell that is Tondo, he says, even a child can be God.
The Thugz Angels tribe members chance upon a blood-soaked body of a member of another gang. Police arrest a Thugz Angels member for the murder. The murdered teen is a member of the Sacred Brown Tribe, whose leaders vow to avenge their fallen member. They learn that Diablos gang members killed the SBT neophyte. During the wake, SBT members forge a reluctant alliance with the Thugz Angels, and assemble to raid the Diablos lair. The dangerous unlit streets and labyrinthine alleyways in the ghetto district of Tondo in Manila, serves as a claustrophobic backdrop to a random killing that triggers a wild and bloody gang war
The Diablos are older, more experienced, and confident of their fighting prowess. They know that they are being targeted for revenge and prepare accordingly. Ebet lurks throughout the story, an enigma that is part innocent child and cynical adult. His loyalties are a mystery, and all that is clear to us is his love for his drug-addicted mother.
Main characters.
The main roles are played by actual gang members, who use the real names of their gangs in the movie, like gangsta rapper Shielbert Manuel a.k.a. O.G. Sacred (real OG of TBS TONDO),Young Cent and Raynoa.
Production background.
Making a film with gang members on their competing turfs meant Libiran had to contend with the problem that some members of his cast were being hunted by rival gangs or the police. In fact, he said, production was interrupted every now and then by the news that one of his actors had been arrested or shot. During the acting workshop Libiran held for the cast, several of them showed up with weapons.
Public acclaim.
"Tribu" has won nine awards and 14 nominations and has been praised in its homeland of the Philippines, the success of the film has sparked an increase in independent filmmaking in the country.
Awards and nominations.
According to the Internet Movie Database, at the Internet Movie Database."Tribu" won five awards and received ten nominations. Among those:
Cinemalaya Independent Film Festival 2007
Cinemanila International Film Festival
Festival Paris Cinema
Gawad Urian Awards
Gawad Tanglaw 2007
Notably, Tribu was the only Non-European award to win at the Festival Paris Cinema, Tribu competed with films from France, Japan, China, Haiti, Mexico, Great Britain and Hungary-Germany.
Cast.
The main roles are played by actual gang members, some of whom used their real "gang alias" in the movie, like O.G. Sacred, Young Cent and Raynoa.

</doc>
<doc id="19518819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518819" title="Sonseed">
Sonseed

Sonseed was an American Roman Catholic pop band formed at the Church of Our Lady of Perpetual Help in Brooklyn, New York in the late 1970s. The line-up included Sal Polichetti (bass, vocals); his then-wife Patricia Costagliola (keyboards, vocals); Frank Franco (guitar, vocals); and Nicky Sciarra (drums). Anne Lessing (vocals) was also involved in the band from the start. There were others including Jim Archer (vocals) and Karen Archer (deceased) (acoustic guitar), Tom Zawacki (tambourine and vocals), Brother John Weiners, CSC (deceased) (vocals), and Melody (vocals). Their sole album, "First Fruit", was released in 1983, with only 1000 copies printed. In 2009 Sonseed released an EP on Arena Rock Records which includes selections from the original "First Fruit" album. A proposed follow-up, "Just Can't Get Enough (Of Jesus!!!)", with more new wave and New Romantic elements, never saw official release, but some bootleg tracks have surfaced. Sonseed disbanded in 1983.
As Patricia Costa, Costagliola recorded two albums, "Walk Forward" and "Give Your Love Away", with Polichetti, Franco and Sciarra as the backing band.
Nicky Sciarra became district manager of Community Board 7 in Sunset Park, Brooklyn. He died in 1993 after apparently choking on a sandwich.
For a brief period in the mid 1980s, Bruce Nootbaar played guitar with the touring band. He is prominently featured in the "Jesus Is My Friend" video.
The band came back into the spotlight in 2008 when a recording of them performing their song "Jesus Is a Friend of Mine", from a religious TV show called "The First Estate", appeared on the Dougsploitation blog, and subsequently became a YouTube hit, where it spawned several parodies. Polichetti performed the song live at the Bowery Poetry Club in New York City on November 14, 2009 with the ska-swing band Tri-State Conspiracy.
In mid to late 2009 the band's 1983 album became a recurring subject of theological scrutiny by Todd Friel of the FamilyNet radio program called Wretched Radio. Friel eventually aired every track of the album over a several week period, the last song being aired on September 17, 2009. 
In 2010, the internet video makers Smosh made a parody of the song "Jesus Is a Friend of Mine" called "Vader is my Friend" in their video "Vader and Me".
In 2011, Fox Television's hit show "Glee" also did a cover of the song "Jesus Is a Friend of Mine". During the Regional competition, the group "Aural Intensity" sang the song.
Nina Hagen made a German cover of "Jesus Is a Friend of Mine" ("Jesus Ist Ein Freund Von Mir") for her 2011 album " Volksbeat".

</doc>
<doc id="19518829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518829" title="Iceland–India relations">
Iceland–India relations

Indo-Icelandic relations refers to the bilateral relations between Iceland and India. Iceland and India established diplomatic relations in 1972-5. Individual embassies were established in New Delhi in 2005 and in Reykjavik in 2006.
History.
In 2005 the two countries began to strengthen diplomatic and economic relationships. In 2005, President of Iceland Ólafur Ragnar Grímsson made the first visit by an Icelandic President to India. During the visit, Iceland pledged support for India's candidature for a permanent seat at the United Nation Security Council, thus becoming the first Nordic country to do so. This was followed by an official visit by the President of India A. P. J. Abdul Kalam to Iceland in May 2005. Following this a new embassy of Iceland was opened in New Delhi on 12 February 2006. Soon, an Indian Navy team visited Iceland on friendly mission. Gunnar Pálsson is the incumbent ambassador of Iceland to India. India appointed S. Swaminathan as the first resident ambassador to Iceland in March 2008.
Economic ties.
Iceland exported goods to India amounting to US $1.14 million in 2007. The main item of export were fish products, primarily cod, amounting to 77% of the total exports. Other items included industrial goods and medical products. India exported US$18.95 million worth of goods to Iceland in the same year, in which consumer goods were the largest with 52.5% of total exports, followed by raw materials at 37.8%. The trade between the two countries is still considered limited, but with growth potential. By 2007, total bilateral trade was US$26.7 million of which imports from India were US$25.1 million and exports to India were US$1.6 million.
Agreements.
India and Iceland signed a Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement to strengthen the ties of economic cooperation. The treaty covers the taxes of income, dividends, interest, royalties and fees for technical services and stipulates that the rate of tax in the country where the income was made must not be higher than 10%. The two countries also signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) for co-operation in the renewable energy sector. Iceland and India cooperate in hydrogen cells and fuel cells under the forum of International Partnership for Hydrogen Economy.
Both countries have also signed a MoU for studies of anomalies ahead of earthquakes, which has received considerable praise internationally. In 2007, both states also signed an MoU on Sustainable Fisheries Development and a Bilateral Investment Protection Agreement.

</doc>
<doc id="19518834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518834" title="Daddy Bazuaye">
Daddy Bazuaye

Daddy Bazuaye (born December 11, 1988 in Lagos) is a Nigerian football player currently with Enyimba.
Career.
Bazuaye began his career with Bendel Insurance F.C. and moved in 2006 on loan to AS Monaco where he played 6 games for reserve. He returned to Nigeria and was in 2007 transferred to Enyimba International F.C..
International.
Bazuaye was member of the Nigerian team at the 2005 FIFA World Youth Championship in the Netherlands he played 2 games.

</doc>
<doc id="19518864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518864" title="2008 Tripoli, Lebanon bombing">
2008 Tripoli, Lebanon bombing

The 2008 Tripoli Lebanon car bombing occurred on September 29, 2008 in the morning in Tripoli, Lebanon targeting a military bus carrying soldiers, killing 7 and injuring 30 people. Lebanese officials said the blast came after a car parked by a busy roadside was detonated by remote control. 
The attacks came on the heels of another in the city the preceding August; that attack killed 15 people including 10 soldiers. Two days previous came another attack, this one a bombing in neighbouring Syria. There was a quick chorus of condemnation and denunciation from local politicians, who said it was targeted at the army. Former Prime Minister of Lebanon Najib Mikati told a local radio station,
"This is a direct targeting of the military institution." 
Background.
Beginning in May, Tripoli saw some of its worst sectarian battles, pitting Sunni groups which support the Western-backed Lebanese Government against the Arab Democratic Party (ADP) of the city's Alawite community. ADP is a part of the opposition, and has close links to the Alawite-dominated regime in Damascus. 
A formal reconciliation was reached in September, 2008, between the feuding factions in north Lebanon. 
Rifaat Eid, the son of the leader of the ADP, accused Saudi Arabia of funding Salafi jihadists in north Lebanon, blaming them for the violence. "The Salafis are like kittens when they are weak, but when they are strong they are like tigers." Salafist leaders in Tripoli insisted that the threat of jihadist militancy is exaggerated. 
Sheikh Omar Bakri, a Salafist preacher, said "They say we are fanatics and cite what is happening in Iraq, but this is just propaganda to weaken the Sunnis in Lebanon."
In August, Bashar al-Assad, the Syrian President, gave warning that Islamic extremists were destabilising north Lebanon. Later, at the beginning of September, thousands of Syrian troops deployed along the north Lebanon border, triggering fears in Beirut of a possible military incursion. 

</doc>
<doc id="19518890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518890" title="Dan Stoenescu">
Dan Stoenescu

Dan Stoenescu (born November 4, 1980) is a Romanian political scientist, journalist, and essayist. A lecturer in the political science department at the University of Bucharest, he is an expert on the Arab World and the Middle East and has written extensively on the subjects. His main research interests include Arab nationalism, Islamic identity, Hamas, Hezbollah and the Muslim Brotherhood. Dan Stoenescu is fluent in Spanish, French, Italian, English, Portuguese, Romanian, and has a basic knowledge of Arabic.
Education.
He received a bachelor of arts degree in international studies from Austin College, in Sherman, Texas, in 2003, a master of arts degree in globalization and development from Warwick University in the UK in 2005, a graduate diploma in forced migration and refugee studies from the American University in Cairo in 2006, and a PhD in political science from the University of Bucharest in 2008, where he wrote his dissertation on modern Arab nationalism and Islamic identity after 1987.
Career.
He previously lived in Egypt when he worked for the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) and the International Organization for Migration (IOM) offices in Cairo. Stoenescu also worked as a journalist for various newspapers and magazines in Romania, and the Republic of Moldova. He was involved in Egypt with non-governmental organizations such as African Hope, in the United States he volunteered for the Center for the Survivors of Torture as well as in Central America for El Salvador’s Siglo XXIII. Among many honors and distinctions he was awarded the Rotary Ambassadorial Scholarship, Ford Foundation scholarship, First Phi Theta Kappa All-California Academic Team, Presbyterian Church USA Samuel Roberson award, and distinctions from California governor Gray Davis, assembly member Wilma Chan, and senator Don Perata.

</doc>
<doc id="19518916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518916" title="Sibi Gwar">
Sibi Gwar

Sibi Gwar (born September 9, 1987 in Gboko) is a Nigerian football player who plays for Enyimba International F.C. in the Nigeria Premier League.
Early life.
Gwar hails from Gboko in Konshisha local government area of Benue State and attended the Government Secondary School, Gboko (1991–1998).
Career.
Sibi twice has won the NFA Golden Boot, during the 2008 and 2012 Nigeria Premier League seasons.
He began his career with Ebonyi Angels. After 1 year with Kwara he moved to Enyimba International F.C. in early 2008 and returned to Lobi in June 2008. After a successful season with Lobi and winning the NFA Golden Boot, Gwar signed with his former club Kwara United in 2009.
At Kwara United FC He had a wonderful time scoring nine league goals and becoming one of the most important players at the club.
In June 2010, Argentine football coach Rodolfo Zapata, the former coach of Sunshine Stars FC, named Gwar in a list of players he thought should form the basis of the future Nigeria national football team.
Sibi is described as a “Speedy attacker, quick with the ball, eye for goals, good finisher and dangerous in the goal box.”
He signed with Niger Tornadoes in spring 2011, and said the winning knot in a 2-1 win over his former Kwara United team on May 11. He scored six goals in his first three games with Tornadoes.
In June 2012 Sibi Gwar became the highest goal scorer in the Nigeria Premier League after scoring a brace against his former team Kwara United and taking his goal tally to 12 goals. 
Sibi was named as the Nigerian league player of the week in May 2012, He was again named as the league's Star of the week for the second straight week in June 2012 
He signed with Enyimba in November 2012 on a one year deal.
International career.
Gwar received his first callup to the Super Eagles in August 2012, when he was named in Stephen Keshi's squad for a friendly against Niger.

</doc>
<doc id="19518930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518930" title="Indian community of London">
Indian community of London

Indians are London's largest non-white ethnic minority group, with a population of around 500,000 (which is more than the number of Indians in the Netherlands, Germany, France, Italy and Portugal combined) .
The largest communities can be found in west London, with substantial populations in East, South and North London.
Many members of London's Indian community can trace their ancestry to the Indian states of West Bengal , Punjab , Gujarat, Tamil Nadu, Rajastan, Uttar Pradesh, Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh and Bihar.
A significant number of Indians in London come from East Africa, the Caribbean, and Southern Africa.
Demographics.
As of 2007, the Indian population of London was approximately 491,300 persons, not including those of partial Indian ancestry, which could be up to 70,000 more people.
East African Indians in London.
The second wave of Indians and South Asian immigration came from East Africa. Most came from Uganda after Idi Amin expelled the Asians from Uganda in 1972. In the 1970s they were followed by immigrants from Kenya. Most of the Indians in Africa were of Hindu Gujarati origin, with some Sikhs and Muslims and Christians.
Countries such as Jamica and Trinidad and Tobago host Indians that migrated over a century ago under British rule. They are often mistaken for Indians from India. Their culture is mostly traditional Indian although it is mixed with African ideologies. For instance, an indo-Caribbean might speak like a Jamaican and even closely resemble one. Similarly, some Africans are like Indians due to religion.
Religious groups.
Hinduism: The largest Hindu temple in Europe, the Shri Swaminarayan Mandir, is located in Neasden, London. The number of Hindus in London is around 450,000, of which most are of Indian descent.
Sikhism: Next to Toronto and Vancouver (both in Canada), London has the wealthiest Sikh community outside of India. Most live in West London, Southall being the heart of the community.
Islam: Around 20% of Indians in London are Muslims. They are a very successful community, wealthier and better established than other Muslim groups in London, such as the Somali or Bangladeshi community. They are located primarily in Tooting in South London and in Redbridge /Newham in East London. Indian Muslims in London have strong connections to the Pakistani and Bangladeshi Muslim community of London. Most Indian Muslims came from East Africa, Jamaica, Gujarat and Mumbai.
Christianity: There are a significant number of Christian Indians in London. Most of them are from the states of Kerala and Goa. Denominations include Indian Orthodox, Catholic and Protestant. There is a Church in Wembley which offers Church services in the Gujarati language.
Parsi: The Parsi community, which mostly comes from the state of Gujarat or from Mumbai, is also present in London.
Jainism:There is a huge community of Jains in London- Visa Oshwal Association of the UK etc.
Population spread.
West London.
In West London, close to Heathrow Airport, resides one of the UK's largest Indian communities. According to the 2001 Census, 39% of the people within the Ealing Southall constituency, comprising Southall and nearby areas, are of British Asian origin.
Southall is a thriving Punjabi community, with Southall Broadway being popular for its Indian shops, cinemas and restaurants. Another Indian residential area is the London Borough of Hounslow.
Wembley is London's Gujarati capital. Wembley's main religion is Hinduism, although there is a sizable Gujarati Muslim community and a small Sikh community. Harrow hosts a large Indian community.
Harrow and Watford.
Harrow is home to a large Gujarati and Tamil community, with the majority of the Gujarati's being Hindu and the Tamils being a mixture of Hindu and Roman Catholic. There are a large number of South-Asian Grocery Shops in the area, as well as take-aways and butchers. The Tamil community in Watford is centered around Gammons Lane, and they are nearly completely from Sri Lanka. The communities of other ethnic South Asian groups are quite freely distributed about the city/town.
East London.
Indians in East London mostly reside in the boroughs of Newham, Redbridge, Greenwich and Waltham Forest. Most of the members of East London's Indian community are of Hindu faith; there is a large Sikh community and a small Muslim minority. Green Street in Upton Park has many Indian shops, although most of the area's residents are Pakistani British. 
There is large population of Indians living in Ilford, with sizeable Gujarati, Punjabi and Tamil Indians. The Goodmayes High Road has many Asian (primarily Indian) restaurants.
East Ham in East London is predominantly occupied by Tamil community from Tamil Nadu in South India and Tamil speaking SriLankans.
South London.
South London's Indian community is predominantly concentrated in London's largest borough, Croydon, and in Tooting. Most of South London's Indian community is of the Hindu faith, although there are sizable Muslim and Sikh communities. Tooting, in the London Borough of Wandsworth, is home to a large Gujarati Muslim communinity.

</doc>
<doc id="19518933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518933" title="Georgi Nikolov (footballer born 1983)">
Georgi Nikolov (footballer born 1983)

Georgi Nikolov (; born 5 June 1983 in Sofia) is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays for Marek Dupnitsa as a defender. 
Career.
Nikolov is 1.93 m tall and weighs 81 kg. He had previously played for Beroe Stara Zagora, Marek Dupnitsa, Belasitsa Petrich and Lokomotiv Sofia. Nikolov was raised in Septemvri Sofia's youths teams.

</doc>
<doc id="19518957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518957" title="List of Chaos;Head episodes">
List of Chaos;Head episodes

The following is the list of episodes of the Japanese anime "Chaos;Head". The anime adaptation is produced by Madhouse Studios based on the Japanese visual novel of the same name by Nitroplus and The 5pb. The episodes are directed by Takaaki Ishiyama and composed by Toshiki Inoue. The anime characters are designed by Shuichi Shimamura based on the original design by Mutsumi Sasaki. Each episode has an official Japanese and English title.
The anime series was aired on various broadcasting stations, first on Chiba TV on October 9, 2008 and subsequently on the other stations. The anime contained twelve episodes, with two pieces of theme music being used, namely, one opening and one ending theme. The opening theme is titled "F.D.D." and is performed by Kanako Itō while the ending theme is titled "Super Special" and is performed by Seira Kagami.

</doc>
<doc id="19518959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518959" title="List of mountains in Liechtenstein">
List of mountains in Liechtenstein

This is a list of mountains of Liechtenstein, they are all within the Rätikon range of the Eastern Alps.

</doc>
<doc id="19518960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518960" title="28 September 2008 Baghdad bombings">
28 September 2008 Baghdad bombings

The 28 September 2008 Baghdad bombings were a series of bombings that occurred on 28 September 2008, killing a total of 32 and injuring 100. The first car bomb of the day was planted in a minibus and was detonated late in the afternoon in the Shurta neighbourhood of south Baghdad, killing 12. Shortly after, a car bomb detonated in a parking lot of a market in the nearby Hay al-Amil district killing one. Later in the evening, a third car bomb and a roadside bomb was detonated in the Karrada district killing 19 people dead and injuring 70.

</doc>
<doc id="19518976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518976" title="Dmytro Boyko">
Dmytro Boyko

Dmytro Boyko (born 30 September 1981) is a Ukrainian professional footballer, who plays in Estonian Meistriliiga, for JK Sillamäe Kalev. He plays the position of midfielder and is 1.76 m tall and weighs 72 kg. His former clubs include FC Stal Alchevsk and FC Helios Kharkiv.

</doc>
<doc id="19519004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519004" title="Aratiatia Power Station">
Aratiatia Power Station

Aratiatia Power Station is a hydroelectric power station on the Waikato River, in the North Island of New Zealand. It is the first hydroelectric power station on the Waikato River, and is located downstream of Lake Taupo. Aratiatia is owned and operated by Mighty River Power.
Aratiatia is a largely run-of-the-river station, as it generates electricity from water from the Lake Taupo control gates and to the Ohakuri Power Station. It does, however, have a lake behind the station for temporary storage.
Aratiatia Rapids.
Before construction of the dam and hydro station, the Aratiatia Rapids were a prominent feature on the Waikato River. The dam construction meant that no water flowed over the rapids. However, several times a day, the Arariaria dam gates of the Waikato River are opened, which restores the rapids to their normal operation. There are several public loopout points on the high rock bluffs that dominate this turbulent stretch of Aratiatia Rapids. 

</doc>
<doc id="19519005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519005" title="Ajibade Omolade">
Ajibade Omolade

Ajibade "Aji" Omolade (born June 12, 1984) is a Nigerian footballer. He currently plays for Plateau United.
Career.
Omolade began his career with El-Kanemi Warriors and moved in 2002 to Enyimba International F.C., who was called as Captain. With the team he twice won the CAF Champions League in 2003 and 2004. In July 2007, he was on trial at 1. FC Köln. He moved in January 2008 from Enyimba to Gombe United F.C. on loan and returned in July. In August 2008, he was suspended from the team for leaving without permission but reinstated in September. He joined the Sudanese club Al Hilal on a four-year deal in 2009, but he terminated his contract after one year to return to Nigeria who signed for Mighty Jets Football Club. After three months with Mighty Jets signed on 30 September 2010 with newly promoted Plateau United.

</doc>
<doc id="19519008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519008" title="Saadhika Randhawa">
Saadhika Randhawa

Saadhika Randhawa also known as Saadhika is an Indian actress.
Saadhika made her debut in 1997 with Saawan Kumar's "Salma Pe Dil Aa Gaya" opposite Ayub Khan. Saadhika appeared in a number of films (including "Hafta Vasuli, Kaaboo, Ab Ke Baras, Pyaasa, 2 October, Kash... Aap Humaare Hote and "Shikaar", Bullet: Ek Dhamaka") until 2005 and then disappeared from the spotlight. Recently, she tried her comeback with a teenage B-grade comedy film "Phir Tauba Tauba" but the movie was also a big flop.
Early life.
Hailing from a Sikh army background. Her father initially wanted her to become an engineer but when she got the offers from Bollywood he supported her. She has a sister, model Jesse Randhawa.
Career.
Saadhika Randhawa won the Jaipur Queen's Crown in 1993. It was here that Saawan Kumar noticed and signed her for "Salma Pe Dil Aa Gaya". After that she went on to star in the film "Shikaar", and performed an item number in the film Satta.
Her subsequent attempt to break into the movie industry of southern India was not successful and she returned to Bollywood. There she took a role in "Ananth" opposite "Krishna" (Govinda's nephew), Raj Sippy's "Khujali" to "Aye Watan".
Aside from performing in several stage shows, Randhawa has also worked in Daler Mehndi's music album Nabi Buba Nabi.
She had a controversial topless bathing scene in her B-grade comedy flick "Phir Tauba Tauba".
Randhawa has also featured in Bhojpuri cinema. Her films "Pyar Ke Bandhan" and "Purab" with Manoj Tiwari are hits and now her next few films "Pandav" opposite Ravi Kissen, and Abhay Sinha’s "Janam Janam Ka Saath" with both Ravi Kissen and Manoj Tiwari, will be ready for release soon.

</doc>
<doc id="19519014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519014" title="Swimming at the 1924 Summer Olympics – Women's 100 metre backstroke">
Swimming at the 1924 Summer Olympics – Women's 100 metre backstroke

The women's 100 metre backstroke was a swimming event held as part of the swimming at the 1924 Summer Olympics programme. It was the first appearance of the event, as women only swam freestyle events before this Games. The competition was held on Saturday July 19, 1924 and on Sunday July 20, 1924.
Records.
These were the standing world and Olympic records (in minutes) prior to the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In the first heat Sybil Bauer set the first Olympic record with 1:24.0 minutes. In the final she bettered her own record to 1:23.2 minutes.
Results.
Semifinals.
Saturday July 19, 1924: The fastest two in each semi-final and the faster of the two third-placed swimmer advanced to the final.
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Final.
Sunday July 20, 1924:

</doc>
<doc id="19519023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519023" title="New South Wales Z18 class locomotive">
New South Wales Z18 class locomotive

The 18 class (formally R.285 class) was a class of 0-6-0T wheel arrangement steam locomotive built by Vulcan Foundry for the New South Wales Government Railways of Australia.
Order.
An order was placed in February 1882, with the Vulcan Foundry for six 2-4-0T locomotives to the specification of the then Acting Locomotive Engineer, Mr Scott. During Mr Scott’s subsequent absence in England on official business, Thomas Middleton, Locomotive Engineer, had the specifications altered to 0-6-0T wheel arrangement, together with other variations to the original order. Middleton claimed that the revised design would enable the locomotives to run at in suburban service. Commissioner Goodchap approved the changes and despite the protests on Scott’s return, the variations were made.
The six locomotives were delivered in 1884 and designated the 285 class. They became the (R) 285 class in 1889 and the Z18 class in 1924.
Operation.
Their driving wheels proved too small for the speed required and they were reduced to shunting duties in Sydney Yard, with just the occasional venture into the suburbs.
In 1907 the locomotives were fitted with new domed boilers, replacing the domeless versions originally fitted. This increased their weight by 3 tons which improved their adhesion factor. Power reversing gear was fitted in 1922, making them the first class in New South Wales to be so fitted. It was a hydraulic type and was excellent when shunting at Sydney station, however this was only short lived and Johnson bar lever reversing gear was fitted shortly after.
In 1927 following the release of other locomotives with the electrification of the Sydney suburban network, the class was transferred to locomotive depot work, some being fitted with cranes and renumbered into the (X)10 series. Later, with the cranes removed, they were restored to their Z18 numbers and worked at Port Kembla shunting. 1076 was an exception which continued to be known by that number.

</doc>
<doc id="19519030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519030" title="Sioux Falls Police Department">
Sioux Falls Police Department

Sioux Falls Police Department is the municipal law enforcement agency serving Sioux Falls, South Dakota, U.S.A. It has 230 sworn police officers.
In September 2008, the department acquired a new police dog, Andor, who is a Belgian Malinois.

</doc>
<doc id="19519037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519037" title="USS Tippecanoe">
USS Tippecanoe

USS "Tippecanoe" may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19519047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519047" title="Board Up the House Remixes Volume 2">
Board Up the House Remixes Volume 2

Board Up the House Remixes Volume 2 is the second of five in the Board Up the House Remix Series by Genghis Tron. It was released by Lovepump United on October 14, 2008. However, those ordered directly from the label were shipped out approximately one month before that.
The first 1000 copies are on yellow with red splatter vinyl. There is no CD version.

</doc>
<doc id="19519049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519049" title="Peračica">
Peračica

Peračica is a settlement in the Municipality of Radovljica in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It is also the name of the stream that runs through the settlement. The area is best known for its deposits of characteristic green oligocene volcanic tuff. Mainly because it was easily cut, it was widely used in stonemasonry, particularly for door casings and window casings on traditional houses in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="19519055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519055" title="August Victor Paul Blüthgen">
August Victor Paul Blüthgen

August Victor Paul Blüthgen, (25 July 1880, Mühlhausen, Thüringen -2 September 1967, Naumburg ) was a German entomologist who specialised in Hymenoptera.
He was a Doctor of Law Jurist and court adviser. Blüthgen described very many new species of Aculeata

</doc>
<doc id="19519056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519056" title="1948–49 FA Cup">
1948–49 FA Cup

The FA Cup 1948–49 was the 68th staging of the world's oldest football cup competition, the Football Association Challenge Cup, commonly known as the FA Cup. Wolverhampton Wanderers won the competition for the third time, beating Leicester City 3–1 in the final at Wembley.
Matches were scheduled to be played at the stadium of the team named first on the date specified for each round, which was always a Saturday. Some matches, however, might be rescheduled for other days if there were clashes with games for other competitions or the weather was inclement. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played, a replay would take place at the stadium of the second-named team later the same week. If the replayed match was drawn further replays would be held until a winner was determined. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played in a replay, a 30-minute period of extra time would be played.
First round proper.
At this stage 43 clubs from the Football League Third Division North and South joined the 25 non-league clubs having come through the qualifying rounds. Rotherham United, Bournemouth & Boscombe Athletic, as the strongest non-promoted Third Division finishers in the previous season, were given a bye to the Third Round, along with Swindon Town, who managed to reach the fifth round of the previous season's competition. To make the number of matches up, non-league Leytonstone and Colchester United were given byes to this round. 34 matches were scheduled to be played on Saturday, 27 November 1948, with eight of these postponed until the following Saturday. Two were drawn and went to replays.
Second round proper.
The matches were played on Saturday, 11 December 1948. Four matches were drawn, with replays taking place the following Saturday.
Third round proper.
The 44 First and Second Division clubs entered the competition at this stage, along with Rotherham United, Swindon Town and Bournemouth & Boscombe Athletic. The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 8 January 1949. Four matches were drawn and went to replays on the following Saturday, with two of these going to a second replay.
Fourth round proper.
The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 29 January 1949. Three games were drawn and went to replays, which were all played on the following Saturday. Manchester United and Bradford Park Avenue went to a second replay on the following Monday, with Manchester United easily winning the tie to go through.
Fifth round proper.
The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 12 February 1949. There was one replay, taking place the following Saturday.
Sixth round proper.
The draw for the sixth round was made on Monday, 14 February 1949. All matches were played on Saturday, 26 February 1949.
Semi-finals.
The draw for the semi finals was made on Monday, 28 February 1949. Both original matches were played on Saturday, 26 March 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="19519060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519060" title="EastLink Trail">
EastLink Trail

The EastLink Trail is a shared use path for cyclists and pedestrians, which follows the EastLink tollway for most of its length from Ringwood to Dandenong, in the outer eastern suburbs of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
Following the path.
The path passes through or near to:
The trail ends at Dandenong Creek in Dandenong South at the Dandenong Creek Trail. The Dandenong Creek Trail then follows the tollway as far as Bangholme. It then heads west, taking users to the National Watersports Complex, Patterson Lakes, Carrum Foreshore, and the Bayside Trail beyond.
Footbridges cross EastLink at a number of points along the trail, and another takes path users across the Princes Highway.
Two additional footbridges completed construction in 2009: A footbridge over Maroondah Highway and a 60 m footbridge over Burwood Highway at the intersection with Mountain Highway.
Connections.
The EastLink Trail connects to numerous other paths:
To the Mullum Mullum Creek Trail in the north and close by is the Koonung Creek Trail. Centrally it connects to the Blind Creek Trail just south of High Street and comes close to the Scotchmans Creek Trail. At Ferntree Gully Road it connects to the Ferny Creek Trail. In the south at Dandenong, it connects to the Dandenong Creek Trail.
Two sections of the EastLink Trail utilise sections of the older Dandenong Creek Trail.
North end at .
South end at .

</doc>
<doc id="19519081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519081" title="Daniel Dyulgerov">
Daniel Dyulgerov

Daniel Dyulgerov (; born 19 September 1988 in Petrich) is a Bulgarian footballer. He currently plays as a forward for Septemvri Simitli.
Career.
Born in Petrich Daniel Dyulgerov started to play football in local team Belasitsa.
2006.
In 2006 the Youth Academy defender Daniel Dyulgerov agreed the conditions of his first professional contract with the club which will be effective for four years.
2007.
Dyulgerov has made his official debut for Belasitsa in Bulgarian first division in a match against Chernomorets Burgas on 12 August 2007 as a 61st min substitute. The result of the match was a 1:6 loss for the team from Petrich. In season 2007/2008 Daniel played in 21 matches for Belasitsa.
In October 2007 the Bulgarian national under-21 coach Aleksandar Stankov called Dyulgerov up for Bulgaria national under-21 football team for a match with Portugal U21. The result of the match was a 1:0 win for Bulgaria, but Daniel doesn't play.

</doc>
<doc id="19519100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519100" title="SIM connector">
SIM connector

Subscriber Identity Module (SIM) card connector includes a connector body, the connector body defines a receptacle channel that extends inwardly from the front and the receptacle channel further defines a first hole and a second hole. Pluralities of terminals mount in the middle of the connector body; a switch terminal mounts in the connector body. The switch terminal has a fixing portion received in the first hole and a contacting portion received in the second hole, the contacting portion forms an arced surface, the top of the arced surface is inserted into the second hole and protrudes above the top surface of the housing base in the receiving cavity.
The SIM card connector comprises a body having an accommodating space for disposing a SIM card and multiple connected-through receptacles for receiving conducting terminals. Through the conducting terminals, an electrical signaling contact with the SIM card can be made. The connector further includes a guide arm having a first salient block and a second salient block, the first salient block and the second salient block are disposed on the respective sides of the guide arm and a cover is connected to the body for covering the accommodating space. Furthermore, the cover may connect with the guide arm through a pivot; the cover further comprises a groove. When the second salient block is moved, the first salient block shifts inside the groove and pushes the SIM card out from the accommodating space.
Through the rapid development in wireless transmission technologies, all kinds of portable electronic products are produced. One of the most common and versatile electronic products is the mobile communication device. In a mobile telephone communication system, a mobile phone number generally corresponds to a SIM card. As soon as a mobile phone user combines the SIM card with the mobile phone, the system is immediately able to identify the user, providing the kind of transmission services and data gathering services required for billing purposes.

</doc>
<doc id="19519147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519147" title="Poljče, Radovljica">
Poljče, Radovljica

Poljče () is a village near Begunje in the Municipality of Radovljica in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="19519176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519176" title="James May's Big Ideas">
James May's Big Ideas

"James May's Big Ideas" is a three-part British television miniseries in which James May, a journalist and self-acknowledged geek travels the globe in search of implementations for concepts widely considered science fiction, or his "big ideas". The series is produced by the BBC and the Open University and began airing at 8pm on Sundays on 28 September 2008.
The first episode documents his search for the ultimate form of personal transport, ranging from jetpacks to flying cars. In the second episode, May looks at bionics and robotics and if robots can exceed the boundaries of their programming. The third episode focuses on energy.

</doc>
<doc id="19519183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519183" title="Licciardi clan">
Licciardi clan

The Licciardi clan is a powerful Neapolitan Camorra clan which operates in the remote areas of Naples, specifically in the Secondigliano district and its stronghold of Masseria Cardone. Its sphere of influence extends to Scampia, Chiaiano, Miano and San Pietro a Patierno.
History.
In the mid eighties, Gennaro Licciardi, known as "a scigna-la scimmia", "the monkey" was the capozona in the district of Secondigliano for the Giuliano clan of Forcella. At that time, Licciardi was the second-in-command to boss Luigi Giuliano. The outskirts of the Secondigliano district was considered to be unimportant by the other Camorra bosses. A few years later, Gennaro Licciardi formed a fully independent clan that managed to turn the area into a strategic hub for the storage and trafficking of drugs. He also became the founding member of the Secondigliano Alliance, a coalition of powerful Camorra clans which controls drug trafficking and the extortion rackets in many suburbs of Naples. Apart from the Licciardi clan, the alliance included the Contini, Mallardo, Lo Russo, Stabile, Prestieri, Bocchetti and Di Lauro clans. 
After the death of Gennaro by blood poisoning in the Voghera prison on August 3, 1994, the management of the clan fell entirely to the brothers, Pietro "the Roman Emperor" and Vincenzo and also to his sister Maria, known as "la piccoletta", "the little one". 
The clan used its influence to mediate between the Di Lauro clan and the so-called "secessionists" (Italian "scissionisti"), a breakaway fraction from the Di Lauro clan in the northern suburbs of Naples that tried to assert its control over drugs and prostitution rackets in the area. It therefore played an important role in putting an end to the Scampia feud.
On May 9, 2008, the Carabinieri seized goods worth 300 million euros and arrested 44 members of the Licciardi clan.

</doc>
<doc id="19519192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519192" title="Total (Teenage Bottlerocket album)">
Total (Teenage Bottlerocket album)

Total is the second album by the American pop punk band Teenage Bottlerocket. It was released on April 12, 2005 on Red Scare Records. The album was recorded at The Blasting Room by Andrew Berlin and Bill Stevenson. "Radio" and "Blood Bath at Burger King", which were previously released on a spilt 7" with Prototipes, were recorded October 29 and 30, 2004. The rest of the songs were recorded December 18-23, 2004 and January 3-6, 2005.
Three songs that originally appeared on "Another Way", the band's previous album, were re-recorded during the "Total" sessions: "Rebound", which appears on the album, "Be Stag", which only appears on the vinyl version of the album, and "Pull the Plug", which was released on the "Take Action! Vol. 5" compilation. Additionally, "Go Away" was also re-recorded for this album, originally appearing on a split 7-inch with Bill the Welder.

</doc>
<doc id="19519214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519214" title="Repartition">
Repartition

Repartition (, "peredel") was a practice in the Russian Empire of the periodic redistribution of the peasant's arable land by the village community.
The traditional household did not permanently hold a particular allotment in the open fields. What the household had was the "right", so long as it remained within the village community (`mir'), to a holding commensurate with its size. The mir's assembly, the "skhod", periodically redistributed the arable land to allow for changes in the size of households, and for new (or extinguished) households.
History.
Repartition was the concomitant of Tsarist tax policies; it ensured that every peasant family had the wherewithal to meet its tax obligations. It was almost unknown before the later 17th century, but thereafter became widespread. The introduction of the soul tax, Peter the Great's heavy equal poll tax on adult males, in 1724, encouraged its spread. In 1829 a decree required miry on State lands henceforth to carry out a general egalitarian repartition ("chernyi peredel") following each new tax assessment or `revision'. By the mid-19th century repartition was, formally, almost universal in Slavonic Russia (the exception was the far west). After this time the law no longer required repartition, but by then it had become absorbed into peasant culture as a streak of egalitarianism.
A law of 1893 sought to restrict repartition to every twelfth year, i.e. every four crop-rotations under the traditional `three-field', i.e. three-course, crop-rotation. The Bolshevik Land Code of 1922 specified nine years (three crop-cycles). But some miry preferred to divide the land more frequently, such as every six years, and even annual repartition was not unknown. Meadows were often divided annually prior to mowing. Partial repartitions ("skidka-nakidka") could be carried out in the intervening intervals to take account of population changes. Some communities preferred such continual adjustments as less drastic than general repartition.
Bases and methods.
Land was awarded on the basis of the number of `economic units' a household contained. This unit could be variously the `tyaglo' (usually a man-and-wife unit), the `soul' (adult male), the worker (adult male or female), or the `eater' (mouth-to-feed, household member of any age). Before 1861 the tyaglo method tended to be used on private estates, the `soul' on State lands; these methods tended to continue on these former lands after the freeing of the serfs. But since an adult male was counted as "two" souls, these methods amounted to much the same thing. (Thus a man was compelled to marry to obtain a work-partner, not only to cope with agricultural work, but to fulfil his fiscal obligations as well.)
Repartition was usually carried out on the fallow land only, to avoid disrupting land under cultivation. Thus, under the 'three-field' system, a complete repartition would take three years. Actual measuring-out was done by pacing - there were few trained surveyors available for more sophisticated methods. The fields were broken up into blocks ("yarusy") and strips made as nearly equal as possible with respect to quality (fertility, evenless of land etc.), and graded according to variations in these qualities and distance from the households. Allocation of plots was carried out by lot. Strips were allotted to each household so as to give them a weighted equality of land.

</doc>
<doc id="19519217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519217" title="Ramada Jarvis">
Ramada Jarvis

Ramada Jarvis was a chain of 42 4 star and 5 star hotels located throughout the mainland of the United Kingdom, with an additional 5 hotels that were managed internationally. The Elcot Park Hotel in Newbury was one of the hotels in this chain, along with multiple others in large locations such as Edinburgh, Glasgow, London, Birmingham, Manchester and Yorkshire.
The business was founded by John Jarvis who floated it on the London Stock Exchange in 1996 when it was valued at about £495 million. The company was taken private in 2003 in a management buyout for £159 million. 
Many of the Ramada Jarvis hotels in Britain had Sebastian Coe Health clubs. The clubs were also open to private members. The clubs had full gyms and pools with steam rooms, saunas, spa and massage rooms and hairdressers.
Ramada Jarvis went into liquidation on 30 September 2011 as a result of a severely restricted cash flow caused by the Group's principal bankers calling in loans before their term. 26 hotels were acquired by Jupiter Hotels Limited, a 50:50 joint venture between Patron capital and West Register, part of the Global Restructuring Group of the Royal Bank of Scotland Group. Those hotels have been re-branded Mercure under a franchise agreement with Accor. The joint venture investors are injecting £40m, with debt financing of £71m provided by RBS, HSBC and Bank of Ireland, which were the original lenders to Jarvis. 
Not all the Ramada Jarvis hotels were included in the Jupiter Hotels deal, so the Ramada Heathrow, the Ramada Bristol City and the Ramada Glasgow Airport continue to trade as Ramada Hotels, each as a franchise. The Gloucester Hotel and Country Club is now owned by Hallmark.
On 2 July the Ramada Heathrow property was re-branded as the DoubleTree by Hilton London Heathrow Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="19519218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519218" title="Jesús M. de Miguel Rodríguez">
Jesús M. de Miguel Rodríguez

Jesús M. de Miguel Rodríguez (born 1947) is a sociologist and professor of sociology at the University of Barcelona where he is director of the sociological research group GRS. He is also the representative for Spain on the committee of Social Sciences of the European Cooperation in the Field of Scientific and Technical Research at the European Commission.
Rodríguez has been a researcher at Yale University, Stanford University, University of California, San Diego, University of Maryland, College Park, University of Arizona, University of Adelaide, and Hosei University. He has been editor of "Social Science and Medicine", and has sat on the editorial board of "Health Promotion", "Health for All in Europe", and "Contemporary Sociology". He was chair of "Estudios Españoles Príncipe de Asturias" in Georgetown University, Washington DC.
Rodríguez has received ten national awards including the Premio Nacional de Investigación en Ciencias Sociales in 1982, two first prizes in the "Premio de Ensayo" of the Basque Country and the international award "Prince of Asturias Chair" in 1999.
Rodríguez earned a doctorate in political sciences from Complutense University and a PhD in sociology from Yale University.
He has been repeatedly accused by students and fellow colleagues of professional missconduct and sexual abuses, but never brought to trial because of the legal prescription of the acts he was accused of.
Selected bibliography.
Rodríguez has published more than fifty books and nearly one hundred and fifty professional articles both in Spanish and English.

</doc>
<doc id="19519230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519230" title="Poljšica pri Podnartu">
Poljšica pri Podnartu

Poljšica pri Podnartu () is a settlement in the Municipality of Radovljica in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Poljšica" to "Poljšica pri Podnartu" in 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="19519231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519231" title="Stars on Frankie (song)">
Stars on Frankie (song)

"Stars on Frankie" was a song issued in 1987 by the Dutch studio group Stars on 45, taken from the album of the same title.
"Stars on Frankie" was the first proper Stars on 45 single since 1982's Rolling Stones medley "The Greatest Rock 'n Roll Band in the World". Since then producer Jaap Eggermont had recorded three albums with spin-off group The Star Sisters, mainly covering songs made famous by the Andrews Sisters and other jazz standards and evergreens from the 1940s, 50s and early 60s. When singer Peter Douglas in early 1987 won the Dutch soundalike contest "The Supermixshow" (the original format of TV show "Stars in Their Eyes") with his impersonation of Frank Sinatra Eggermont consequently contacted him offering him a recording contract. The result was the "Stars on Frankie" single and album, released under the 'Stars on 45' moniker. While the single failed to chart internationally it became another Top 20 hit in the Netherlands, peaking at #16 and the following album was also a minor commercial success, reaching the lower regions of the Dutch albums chart and it was subsequently also released in the rest of Continental Europe, Scandinavia and Japan.
"Stars on Frankie" became the final original Stars on 45 project to be produced by Jaap Eggermont. A single and an album titled "Stars on 45 - The Club Hits" was some ten years later released on the Music Club International label, featuring both re-recordings of Eggermont and musical arranger Martin Duiser's original "Stars on 45" themes together with newly recorded hits medleys as well as using the band logo on the album covers. Neither Eggermont, Duiser nor any of the original Stars on 45 musicians or singers were however involved in the creation of this project.
Track listing 7" single.
Side A.
"Stars on Frankie" - 4:17 
Side B.
"Swingtime" (van Eick, Eggermont, Duiser, Souer) - 4:29
Track listing 12" single.
Side A.
"Stars on Frankie" (12" Mix) - 6:33
Side B.
"Swingtime" (van Eick, Eggermont, Duiser, Souer) - 4:29

</doc>
<doc id="19519240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519240" title="Dover station">
Dover station

The following train stations all have "Dover" in their names:
United Kingdom.
"See also:" List of railway stations in Dover

</doc>
<doc id="19519245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519245" title="Corruption in China">
Corruption in China

China suffers from widespread corruption. For 2013, China was ranked 80th out of 178 countries in Transparency International's Corruption Perceptions Index, on par with Serbia and Trinidad and Tobago, ranking less corrupted with tied countries Burkina Faso, El Salvador, Jamaica, Panama, and Peru, but more corrupted than Sri Lanka and most developed countries. Means of corruption include graft, bribery, embezzlement, backdoor deals, nepotism, patronage, and statistical falsification.
Cadre corruption in post-1949 China lies in the "organizational involution" of the ruling party, including the Chinese Communist Party's policies, institutions, norms, and failure to adapt to a changing environment in the post-Mao era caused by the market liberalization reforms initiated by Deng Xiaoping. Like other socialist economies that have gone through monumental transition, such as post-Soviet Eastern Europe and Central Asia, post-Mao China has experienced unprecedented levels of corruption, making corruption one of the major hindrances to the PRC's social and economic development.
Public surveys on the mainland since the late 1980s have shown that it is among the top concerns of the general public. According to Yan Sun, Associate Professor of Political Science at the City University of New York, it was corruption, rather than democracy as such, that lay at the root of the social dissatisfaction that led to the Tiananmen protest movement of 1989. Corruption undermines the legitimacy of the CCP, adds to economic inequality, undermines the environment, and fuels social unrest.
Since then, corruption has not slowed down as a result of greater economic freedom, but instead has grown more entrenched and severe in its character and scope. Business deals often involve participation in corruption. In popular perception, there are more dishonest CCP officials than honest ones, a reversal of the views held in the first decade of reform of the 1980s. China specialist Minxin Pei argues that failure to contain widespread corruption is among the most serious threats to China's future economic and political stability. Bribery, kickbacks, theft, and misspending of public funds costs at least three percent of GDP. China, though not a member of the OECD has participated as an observer in the OECD Working Group on Bribery in International Business Transactions, see OECD Anti-Bribery Convention.
Historical overview.
Imperial China.
The spread of corruption in traditional China is often connected to the Confucian concept of "renzhi", "government of the people" as opposed to the legalist "government of the law". Profit ("li") was despised as preoccupation of the base people, while the true Confucians were supposed to be guided in their actions by the moral principle of justice ("yi"). Thus, all relations were based solely on mutual trust and propriety. As a matter of course, this kind of moral uprightness could be developed only among a minority. The famous attempt of Wang Anshi to institutionalize the monetary relations of the state, thus reducing corruption, were met with sharp criticism by the Confucian elite. As a result, corruption continued to be widespread both in the court (Wei Zhongxian, Heshen) and among the local elites, and became one of the targets for criticism in the novel "Jin Ping Mei". Another kind of corruption came about in Tang China, developed in connection with the imperial examination system.
Republican era.
The widespread corruption of the Kuomintang, the Chinese Nationalist Party, is often credited as being an important component in the defeat of the KMT by the Communist People's Liberation Army. Though the Nationalist Army was initially better equipped and had superior numbers, the KMT's rampant corruption damaged its popularity, limited its support base, and helped the communists in their propaganda war.
See History of the Republic of China, and Black gold (politics) for more on these topics.
People's Republic of China.
Getting high quality, reliable, and standardised survey data on the severity of corruption in the PRC is enormously difficult. However, a variety of sources can still be tapped, which "present a sobering picture," according to Minxin Pei, an academic with expertise on Chinese affairs.
Official deviance and corruption have taken place at both the individual and unit level since the founding of the PRC. Initially the practices had much to do with the "danwei" (单位) system, an outgrowth of communist wartime organs. In the PRC the reforms of Deng Xiaoping were much criticized for making corruption the price of economic development. Corruption during Mao's reign also existed, however.
Emergence of the private sector inside the state economy in post-Mao China has tempted CCP members to misuse their power in government posts; the powerful economic levers in the hands of the elite has propelled the sons of some party officials to the most profitable positions. For this, the CCP has been called the "princelings' party" ("taizidang", 太子党), a reference to familiar patterns of corruption in some periods of Imperial China. The relatives of several prominent political leaders are reported to have generated large personal wealth in business, including relatives of former Premier Wen Jiabao, Current CCP general secretary Xi Jinping, and former Chongqing party secretary Bo Xilai. Attacking corruption in the Party was one of the forces behind the Tiananmen protests of 1989.
The politically unchallenged regime in China creates opportunities for cadres to exploit and control the rapid growth of economic opportunities; and while incentives to corruption grow, effective countervailing forces are absent.
Both structural and non-structural corruption has been prevalent in China. Non-structural corruption exists around the world, and refers to all activities that can be clearly defined as "illegal" or "criminal," mainly including different forms of graft: embezzlement, extortion, bribery etc. Structural corruption arises from particular economic and political structures; this form is difficult to root out without a change of the broader system.
Weak state institutions are blamed for worsening corruption in reform-era China. New Left scholars on China criticise the government for apparent "blind faith" in the market, and especially for its erosion of authority and loss of control of local agencies and agents since 1992. Others also see strong links between institutional decline and rising corruption. Corruption in China results from the Party-State's inability to maintain a disciplined and effective administrative corps, according to Lü Xiaobo, Assistant Professor of Political Science at Barnard College. The Chinese reform-era state has also been an enabling factor, since state agencies have been granted regulatory power without institutional constraints, allowing them to tap into new opportunities to seek profits from the rapid growth in businesses and the economy. This takes place at both the departmental and individual level. Corruption here is part of the dilemma faced by any reforming socialist state, where the state needs to play an active role in creating and regulating markets, while at the same time its own intervention places extra burdens on administrative budgets. Instead of being able to reduce the size of its bureaucratic machinery (and therefore opportunities for corruption), it is instead pressed to expand further. Officials then cash in on the regulatory power by "seeking rents."
In 2010, in a rare move due to its perceived impact on stability, Li Jinhua, vice-chairman of the national committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference and former long-serving auditor general of the National Audit Office, fired a warning shot in the "People's Daily", calling for better legal structures and greater supervision over the business dealings of officials and their children. He said the rapidly growing wealth of Communist officials’ children and family members "is what the public is most dissatisfied about".
According to a January, 2014 investigation by the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists more than a dozen family members of China's top political and military leaders are linked to offshore companies based in the British Virgin Islands. The report shows that the brother-in-law of China's current Paramount leader, Xi Jinping and the son-in-law of former premier Wen Jiabao are amongst those making use of offshore financial havens to avoid tax and transfer money overseas.
Public perceptions.
Opinion surveys of Party officials and Chinese citizens over recent years set identify corruption as one of the public's top concerns. Every year researchers at the Central Party School, the CCP organ that trains senior and midlevel officials, survey over 100 officials at the school. Between 1999 to 2004 respondents ranked corruption as either the most serious or second most serious social problem. Similarly, in late 2006 the State Council’s Development Research Center asked 4,586 business executives (87 percent in nonstate firms) to rate their local officials in terms of integrity. Almost one-quarter said that their local officials were “bad”; 12 percent said they were “very bad.”
In a commercial environment, corruption may be prevalent because many employees aren't loyal to their employers, seeing themselves as "free-agent entrepreneurs" first and foremost. They use their employers as a way to make money, both for themselves and for their "guanxi social-circle network." The imperative of maintaining this social circle of benefits is seen as a primary goal for many involved in corruption.
Official corruption is among the populace's greatest gripes against the regime. One folk saying vividly illustrates how the public sees the issue, according to Yan Sun: "If the Party executes every official for corruption, it will overdo a little; but if the Party executes every other official for corruption, it cannot go wrong." In contemporary China, bribe taking has become so entrenched that one party secretary in a poor county received repeated death threats for rejecting over 600,000 Renminbi in bribes during his tenure. In 1994 in another area officially designated "impoverished," a delegation of the UN Food and Agriculture Organization arrived for a conference on development, but upon seeing rows of imported luxury cars outside the conference site asked the local officials "Are you really poor?" A rare online opinion poll in 2010 by the "People’s Daily" found that 91% of respondents believe all rich families in China have political backgrounds.
Means.
Broadly defined, three types of corruption are common in China: graft, rent-seeking, and prebendalism.
Graft is the most common and refers to bribery, illicit kickbacks, embezzlement, and theft of public funds. Graft involves something of value given to, and accepted by, public officials for dishonest or illegal purposes. It include officials spending fraudulently or using public funds for their own benefit.
Rent-seeking refers to all forms of corrupt behaviour by people with monopolistic power. Public officials, through granting a license or monopoly to their clients, get "rents"—additional earnings as a result of a restricted market. Rent-seeking happens when officials grant rents to those in their favor. This is akin to cronyism. In the Chinese case, public officials are both rent-generators and rent-seekers, both making rent opportunities for others and seeking such opportunities to benefit themselves. This may include profiteering by officials or official firms, extortion in the form of illicit impositions, fees, and other charges.
Prebendalism refers to when incumbents of public office get privileges and perquisites through that office. Controlling an office entitles the holder to rents or payments for real or fake activities, and organizations are turned from places of work into "resource banks" where individuals and groups pursue their own interests. Prebendal corruption doesn't necessarily need to be about monetary gain, but may include usurpation of official privilege, backdoor deals, clientelism, cronyism, nepotism.
Corruption in the PRC has developed in two major ways. In the first mode, corruption is in the form of ostensibly legal official expenditure, but is actually wasteful and directed toward private benefits. For example, the increasing number of local governments building massive administrative office buildings that resemble luxurious mansions. At the same time, many corrupt local officials have turned their jurisdictions into virtual “mafia states,” where they collude with criminal elements and unsavory businessmen in illegal activities.
While the state and its bureaucrats are major players in the reform-era economy, new interests and concentrations of economic have been created, without legitimate channels between administrators and entrepreneurs. A lack of regulation and supervision has meant these roles are not clearly demarcated (Lü Xiaobo in his text titles one section "From Apparatchiks to Entrepreneurchiks"). Illicit "guandao" enterprises formed by networks of bureaucrats and entrepreneurs are allowed to grow, operating behind a facade of a government agency or state-owned enterprise, in a realm neither fully public nor private. More recently, Ben Hillman has shown how official corruption is facilitated by intrastate patronage networks. According to Hillman, patronage networks 'grease the wheels' of a dysfunctional bureaucracy while simultaneously extracting spoils for the private benefit of their members. Patronage networks also protect transgressors from intrusion by the Party-state's disciplinary agencies. Hillman's study of patronage networks helps to explain how corruption and economic development have been able to coexist in China.
The PLA has also become a major economic player, and participant in large- and small-scale corruption at the same time. Inconsistent tax policy, and a politicised and poorly organised banking system, create ample opportunities for favouritism, kickbacks, and "outright theft," according to Michael Johnston, Professor of Political Science at Colgate University in Hamilton, New York.
Corruption has also taken the form of collusion between CCP officials and criminal gangs. Often hidden inside legitimate businesses, gangs had infiltrated public offices and worked closely with the police. "The Telegraph" quoted an employee of a state company saying: "In fact, the police stations in Chongqing were actually the centre of the prostitution, gambling and drugs rackets. They would detain gangsters from time to time, and sometimes send them to prison, but the gangsters described it as going away for a holiday. The police and the mafia were buddies." In some cases, innocents were hacked to death and dismembered by roaming gangs whose presence was allowed by regime officials, according to the Telegraph.
Housing.
China's housing boom, and the shift of central government policy towards social housing, are providing officials to siphon off properties for personal gain. The "Financial Times" cites a number of public scandals involving local officials in 2010: for example, in province, eastern China, a complex of 3,500 apartments designated as social housing in Rizhao, Shandong, was sold to local officials at prices 30-50 per cent below market values. It said in Meixian, Sha’anxi, around 80 per cent of the city’s first social housing development, called Urban Beautiful Scenery, went to local officials. In Xinzhou, Shanxi, a new complex of 1,578 apartments on the local government’s list of designated social housing was almost entirely reserved for local officials, many were 'flipped' for tidy profits even before construction was completed. Jones Lang LaSalle said that transparency about the plans for affordable housing was severely lacking.
Effects.
Whether the effects of corruption in China are solely positive or negative is a subject of hot debate. Corruption favors the most connected and unscrupulous, rather than the efficient, and also creates entry barriers in the market for those without such connections. Favors are sought for inefficient subsidies, monopoly benefits, or regulatory oversight, rather than productive activity. Bribes also lead to a misdirection of resources into wasteful or poor-quality projects. Further, since corrupt payments are usually done in secrecy, they are more likely to be used in the same way, driving the proceeds of illegal transactions into foreign bank accounts. Such capital flight costs national growth. Centralised corruption also carries with it the same defects, according to Yan. Rent seeking, for example, is costly to growth because it prevents innovation. Rent seeking activities are also self-sustaining, since such activity makes it seem more attractive compared to productive activity. Corruption is never a better option to honest public policy, Yan Sun argues, and it distorts and retards development.
Others, including local officials, play down the negative impacts of corruption, and local cadres frown on anticorruption efforts for three reasons: a preoccupation with rooting out corruption may lead to cautiousness about new practices; corruption may act as a "lubricant" to "loosen up" the bureaucracy and facilitate commercial exchanges; and thirdly, corruption is a necessary trade-off and inevitable part of the process of reform and opening up. They argue that the destructiveness of corruption in the Chinese context helps transfer or reallocate power from officials, perhaps even enabling the rise of a "new system" and acting as a driving force for reform.
Nevertheless, the deleterious effects of corruption were documented in detail in Minxin Pei's report. The amount of money stolen through corruption scandals has risen exponentially since the 1980s, and corruption in China is now more concentrated in the sectors the state is heavily involved with. These include infrastructure projects, real estate, government procurement, and financial services. The lack of a competitive political process means these are high-risk areas for fraud, theft, and bribery; Pei estimates the cost of corruption could be up to $86 billion per year.
Corruption in China also harms Western business interests, in particular foreign investors. They risk human rights, environmental, and financial liabilities, at the same time squaring off against rivals who engage in illegal practices to win business.
Long term, corruption has potentially "explosive consequences," including widening income inequalities within cities and between city and countryside, and creating a new, highly visible class of "socialist millionaires," which further fuels resentment from the citizenry.
Ordinary Chinese are sometimes the victims in official corruption, as in the case of Hewan village in Jiangsu province, where 200 thugs were hired to attack local farmers and force them off their land so Party bosses could build a petrochemical plant. Sun Xiaojun, the party chief of Hewan village, was later arrested. One farmer died. Officials themselves are increasingly victims of official corruption when they target each other out of jealousy, hunger for promotion: there have been high-profile cases of mainland bureaucrats employing hit men or launching acid attacks on rivals. In August 2009, a former director of the Communications Bureau in Hegang, Heilongjiang, who hired hitmen to kill his successor, supposedly because of the latter's ingratitude was given the death penalty.
Countermeasures.
The CCP has tried a variety of anti-corruption measures, constructing a variety of laws and agencies in an attempt to stamp out corruption.
In 2004, the CCP devised strict regulations on officials assuming posts in business and enterprise. The Central Committee for Discipline Inspection and the Central Organization Department issued a joint circular instructing Party committees, governments and related departments at all levels not to give approval for Party and government officials to take up concurrent posts in enterprises.
Such measures are largely ineffective, however, due to the insufficient enforcement of the relevant laws. Further, because the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection largely operates in secrecy, it is unclear to researchers how allegedly corrupt officials are disciplined and punished. The odds for a corrupt official to end up in prison are less than three percent, making corruption a high-return, low risk activity. This leniency of punishment has been one of the main reasons corruption is such a serious problem in China.
While corruption has grown in scope and complexity, anti-corruption policies, on the other hand, have not changed much. Communist-style mass campaigns with anti-corruption slogans, moral exhortations, and prominently displayed miscreants, are still a key part of official policy, much as they were in the 1950s.
In 2009, according to internal Party reports, there were 106,000 officials found guilty of corruption, an increase of 2.5 percent on the previous year. The number of officials caught embezzling more than one million yuan (US$146,000) went up by 19 percent over the year. With no independent oversight like NGOs or free media, corruption has flourished.
These efforts are punctuated by an occasional harsh prison term for major offenders, or even executions. But rules and values for business and bureaucratic conduct are in flux, sometimes contradictory, and “deeply politicized.” In many countries systematic anti-corruption measures include independent trade and professional associations, which help limit corruption by promulgating codes of ethics and imposing quick penalties, watchdog groups like NGOs, and a free media. In China, these measures do not exist as a result of the CCP’s means of rule.
Thus, while Party disciplinary organs and prosecutorial agencies produce impressive statistics on corruption complaints received from the public, few citizens or observers believe corruption is being systematically addressed.
There are also limits to how far anti-corruption measures will go. For example, when Hu Jintao's son was implicated in a corruption investigation in Namibia, Chinese Internet portals and Party-controlled media were ordered not to report on it.
At the same time, local leaders engage in "corruption protectionism," as coined by the head of the Hunan provincial Party Discipline Inspection Commission; apparatchiks thwart corruption investigations against the staff of their own agencies, allowing them to escape punishment. In some cases this has impelled high-ranking officials to form special investigative groups with approval from the central government to avoid local resistance and enforce cooperation. However, since in China vertical and horizontal leadership structures often run at odds with one another, CCP anti-corruption agencies find it hard to investigate graft at the lower levels. The goal of effectively controlling corruption thus remains elusive to the ruling Party.
Political incentives for cracking down.
Prominent anti-corruption cases in China are often an outgrowth of factional struggles for power in the CCP, as opponents use the "war of corruption" as a weapon against rivals in the Party or corporate world. Often, too, the central leadership's goal in cracking down on corruption is to send a message to those who step over some "unknown acceptable level of graft" or too obviously flaunt its benefits. Another reason is to show an angry public that the Party is doing something about the problem.
In many such cases, the origins of anti-corruption measures are a mystery. When Chen Liangyu was ousted, analysts said it was because he lost a power struggle with leaders in Beijing. Chen was Shanghai's party secretary and member of the powerful Politburo. In 2010 a re-release of the Communist Party of China 52 code of ethics was published.
Individuals.
Prominent individuals implicated in corruption in China include: Wang Shouxin, Yang Bin, Chen Liangyu, Qiu Xiaohua (the nation's chief statistician, who was sacked and arrested in connection with a pension-fund scandal), Zheng Xiaoyu, Lai Changxing, Lan Fu, Xiao Zuoxin, Ye Zheyun, Chen Xitong, Tian Fengshan, Zhu Junyi, Zhang Shuguang (a railways official, managed to steal $2.8 billion and move it overseas).
Authors who have written about corruption in China include: Liu Binyan, Robert Chua, Wang Yao, Li Zhi, Lü Gengsong, Xi Jinping, Jiang Weiping, Gong Ting.
The strict controls placed on the media by the Chinese government limit the discovery and reporting of corruption in China. Nevertheless, there have been cases of whistleblowers publicising corruption in China.
See Media of the People's Republic of China for a discussion on the media in China, including topics such as censorship and controls.
External links.
http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-24055847
Gem-encrusted moon cakes, corruption, and the law ( article)

</doc>
<doc id="19519249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519249" title="Memory card connector">
Memory card connector

A memory card connector includes an insulating housing defining conductive terminal grooves and two locating grooves at a sidewall there of. A shelter shell coupled with the insulating housing to form a card cavity has a top section and two side sections. A front surface of the top section extends frontward and then extends downward to form two anti-mismating portions adjacent to the two side sections. The two anti-mismating portions have different width and vertical length. Conductive terminals are fixed in the conductive terminal grooves and soldered to a printed circuit board (PCB) for electrically engaging with corresponding contacts of a memory card inserted into the card cavity. A pair of switch terminals mounted in the locating grooves and soldered to the printed circuit board. One switch terminal is pressed outward by the memory card fully inserted into the card cavity, which causes the two switch terminals to contact with each other for grounding.
Recently, electronic devices such as digital cameras, MP3 players, cellular phones, etc., are required with larger capacity of storage to store data. A memory card, such as a Micro SD card, a MMC card, etc., which has larger capacity of storage and a small size, is extensively used to expend the capacity of storage of the electronic devices. The data transmission between the electronic device and the memory card is through a memory card connector mounted on a PCB of the electronic device for connecting with the memory card. The memory card connector has an insulating housing; the insulating housing includes a receiving cavity for receiving the memory card and a plurality of grooves for respectively receiving a plurality of terminals. One end of the terminal forms a soldering portion for being soldered to the PCB and the other end of each terminal forms a connecting portion for mating with the memory card. A metallic cover couples with the insulating housing. The memory card is inserted and held in the receiving cavity of the memory card connector for being used in storing various data and taken by the electronic device as a recording medium. If not in use, the inserted memory card can be pulled out from the receiving cavity of the memory card connector.

</doc>
<doc id="19519253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519253" title="Swimming at the 1924 Summer Olympics – Women's 200 metre breaststroke">
Swimming at the 1924 Summer Olympics – Women's 200 metre breaststroke

The women's 200 metre breaststroke was a swimming event held as part of the swimming at the 1924 Summer Olympics programme. It was the first appearance of the event, as women only swam freestyle events before this Games. The competition was held on Wednesday July 16, 1924 and on Friday July 18, 1924.
Records.
These were the standing world and Olympic records (in minutes) prior to the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In the first heat Agnes Geraghty set the first Olympic record with 3:27.6 minutes. This record was not bettered during this competition.
Results.
Semifinals.
Wednesday July 16, 1924: The fastest two in each semi-final and the fastest third-placed from across the semi-finals advanced.
Semifinal 1
Mietje Baron was disqualified, because she touched the wall with only one hand.
Semifinal 2
Semifinal 3
Final.
Friday July 18, 1924:

</doc>
<doc id="19519259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519259" title="Joaquim Carreras i Artau">
Joaquim Carreras i Artau

Joaquim Carrera i Artau (Girona, August 14, 1894 - Tiana (Barcelona), September 12, 1968) was a Catalan philosopher.
He began his studies of scholastic philosophy at the Girona Seminary, where he stayed for ten years. Later he graduated from the University of Barcelona with BAs in Law and Philosophy. The thesis "Ensayo sobre el voluntarismo de J. Duns Scoto" gave him a Doctorate in Philosophy at the University of Madrid. He taught both at secondary schools and at the University of Barcelona from 1939 to 1964, first as a teaching assistant and, for the last twelve years, as professor.
He devoted himself intensely to the historical and philosophical research. Among his more important contributions, is his research on Ramon Llull and, especially, on Arnau de Vilanova.
These form part of the work of "Historia de la filosofia española: filosofia cristiana de los siglos XIII al XV" (published between 1934–43), which he wrote in collaboration with his brother Tomàs Carreras i Artau, who was a philosopher and professor of Ethics. Both were awarded with the “Premio de la Asociación Española para el Progreso de las Ciencias”.
He was a member of the Science Section of the Institut d’Estudis Catalans (1944) and the Academia de Bones Lletres of Barcelona (1955), chairman of the Societé Internationale pour l’Étude de la Philosophie médiévale (1964) and teacher of the Escola Lul.lística of Mallorca.
Other work includes "La filosofía universitaria en Catalunya durante el segundo tercio del s. XIX" (1964) and a great number of studies on Arnau de Vilanova, along with critical editions of his spiritual works.

</doc>
<doc id="19519276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519276" title="Shire of Broomehill-Tambellup">
Shire of Broomehill-Tambellup

The Shire of Broomehill-Tambellup is a local government area in the Great Southern region of Western Australia, south-southeast of the state capital, Perth. The Shire covers an area of , and its seat of government is the town of Tambellup. It came into existence in 2008 through the amalgamation of the former Shire of Broomehill and Shire of Tambellup.
History.
Shire of Broomehill.
The Broomehill Road Board was gazetted on 19 May 1892. On 1 July 1961, it became a shire following changes to the Local Government Act.
Shire of Tambellup.
The Tambellup Road Board was gazetted in 1905 upon a petition by local residents to separate from the Broomehill Road District. On 1 July 1961, it became a shire following changes to the Local Government Act.
Amalgamation.
On 3 September 2007, the Local Government Advisory Board confirmed that the Shires of Broomehill and Tambellup were looking to merge. A proposal put forward by the Shire of Katanning to absorb Woodanilling, Broomehill and Tambellup was rejected by the other councils. A six week public submission period was conducted in November and December 2007
On 8 February 2008, the two Shires held a combined special meeting and resolved to recommend to the Board, who had originally proposed a system without wards, that the new Shire have two wards—North Ward, with four councillors, representing Broomehill, and South Ward, with five councillors, representing Tambellup. The Minister accepted the proposal on 17 April 2008, and the Broomehill-Tambellup District Order 2008 was approved by the Governor in Council on 27 May 2008.
The councillors of both local government authorities resigned at the end of June 2008, and elections for the new local government are expected to take place on 18 October 2008. The entity is being managed in the interim by Commissioner Ms Jan Grimoldby, who had previously been Chief Executive Officer of the Town of Cottesloe in 1993–1998, and had been one of the Commissioners of the amalgamated City of Geraldton-Greenough during 2007, amongst other roles in local government administration.
Wards.
The Shire is divided into two wards—North Ward, with four councillors, representing Broomehill, and South Ward, with five councillors, representing Tambellup.

</doc>
<doc id="19519280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519280" title="Puka Temu">
Puka Temu

Sir Puka Temu, KBE, CMG is a Papua New Guinean politician. From 2007 to 2010, he was deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Lands, Physical Planning and Mining in the government led by Prime Minister Michael Somare. Temu is a member of the National Alliance Party. In July 2010, he spearheaded an attempt to overthrow Somare through a parliamentary vote of no confidence. When the motion failed, he became Leader of the Opposition, and was replaced as deputy Prime Minister by Don Polye.
In August 2011, Peter O'Neill became Prime Minister in the wake of a parliamentary motion of no confidence in the government of Acting Prime Minister Sam Abal (standing in for Somare while the latter was hospitalised for a heart condition). O'Neill appointed Sir Puka as his Minister for Agriculture & Livestock.
Dr. Temu is a medical doctor.
Temu was appointed Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire (KBE) in the 2009 Birthday Honours.

</doc>
<doc id="19519294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519294" title="Podnart">
Podnart

Podnart () is a village in the Municipality of Radovljica in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
Podnart was attested in written sources in 1763–87 as "Podnart" and "Podnarth". The name is a fused prepositional phrase that has lost case inflection, from "pod" 'below' + "nart" 'end of a mountain chain, level area between mountains and a valley'. In this case, it refers to the settlement's location below the hills between the Sava River and Lipnica Creek.

</doc>
<doc id="19519312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519312" title="Homebush Street Circuit">
Homebush Street Circuit

The Homebush Street Circuit is a temporary street circuit around the former Olympic precinct at Sydney Olympic Park, Sydney, New South Wales. The track was used for the first time at the final round of the 2009 V8 Supercar Championship Series, the inaugural Sydney 500.
The circuit.
The circuit was designed by Mark Skaife. He focused on creating a difficult track with a variety of bumps, camber changes and fast and slow corners making it difficult to complete the perfect lap. It was constructed on Australia Avenue, Kevin Coombs Avenue, Edwin Flack Avenue and Dawn Fraser Avenue. 140 mature trees needed to be removed and kilometres of tarmac needed to be torn up to accommodate the race. Overall the track has a mixture of track surfaces.
V8 Supercar driver Jason Richards suggested that there are many braking areas, difficult corners and passing spots. The main straight is the single widest section of race track in Australia, while the straight along Edwin Flack Avenue is one of the narrowest. The outside of turn eight has an unusual negative camber that caught many drivers out in the inaugural race, resting in several cars crashing into the outer barriers.
The first race was won by Toll Holden Racing Team's Garth Tander from pole position while, the second 250 km race was won by Dick Johnson Racing's James Courtney (who started from second position on the grid). Jamie Whincup secured winning the 2009 V8 Supercar Championship Series after finishing fifth in race 1 and fourteenth in race 2.
The circuit has been described as the most unpredictable on the calendar as nine different drivers have won the ten races held since 2009, with Craig Lowndes being the only multiple winner. It also has had the lowest percentage of finishers out of cars started in the four year running of the event with 68% of cars making it through to the finish, as compared to 77% at the Gold Coast (run since 1994), 88% at Adelaide (run since 1999) and 90% at Townsville (run since 2009).
Lap records.
As of 8 December 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19519325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519325" title="Richard Wenman (Nova Scotia politician)">
Richard Wenman (Nova Scotia politician)

Richard Wenman (ca 1712 – September 28, 1781) was a merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia. His surname also appears as Winman. He represented Halifax township in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1765 to 1770.
He was born in England, served in the British Navy, and came to Halifax with his wife and son in 1749. In 1751, he married the widow Ann Pyke, the mother of John George Pyke. He was named a justice of the peace in 1762 and later served as a captain in the local militia. Wenman owned a brewery and was involved in real estate. He also administered the orphan house in Halifax. He died in Halifax at the age of 69.

</doc>
<doc id="19519344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519344" title="Josep Pons Rosell">
Josep Pons Rosell

Josep Pons Rosell (born 1918) is an anthropologist and professor at the Anthropology Department of the Biology Faculty of the University of Barcelona (UB) from 1973 to his retirement. In 1991 he was made academic of the Reial Acadèmia de Ciències i Arts of Barcelona.
Pons was born in L’Arboç del Penedès, Tarragona, Spain. He has worked mainly in the area of physical anthropology, which deals with the biological variability of the human population and the origin and evolution of the species.
The academic history of physical anthropology at the UB began in 1920 with the first professor of this subject, Telesforo de Aranzadi y Unamuno (1860 - 1945), whose successor as chair, Santiago Alcobé (who had also been rector of the UB) was later substituted by Pons. Together with Pons, the researchers Miquel Fusté and Antoni Prevosti (who subsequently developed the study of genetics at the university) received their training at the Anthropology Department of the UB with Alcobé. Later, the Anthropology Department was integrated, together with that of zoology, into the present Department of Animal Biology.
Both in his first stage as a researcher at the CSIC of the UB and later on during his period as chairman at different Spanish universities, Pons introduced Spain to the development of several lines of research in the field of anthropology, such as the osteology of populations, biodemography, molecular polymorphisms, somatology, and quantitative anthropology. His studies on dermatoglyphs from the point of view of population and genetics attracted attention. For ten years he was the chairman of the International Committee for the study of this anthropological speciality.

</doc>
<doc id="19519355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519355" title="Glare (album)">
Glare (album)

Glare is the first album by Irish musician Leo O'Kelly. It was originally planned for October 2000 but was released on February 2, 2001 in Ireland by Clarinda & 1st and distributed by Gael-Linn Records.

</doc>
<doc id="19519356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519356" title="Bjarne Johannes Hope">
Bjarne Johannes Hope

Bjarne Johannes Hope (30 March 1944 - 30 June 2006) was a Norwegian civil servant.
He was born in Masfjorden. Having graduated from the Norwegian Institute of Technology in 1968 as siv.ing., he worked as a consultant from 1972. From 1995 to his death in 2006 he served as director of the Norwegian Tax Administration.
Shortly before his death he was awarded the Order of St. Olav. He was the brother of Einar Hope.

</doc>
<doc id="19519360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519360" title="Romanus Orjinta">
Romanus Orjinta

Romanus Orjinta (born 12 August 1981) is a Nigerian Midfielder who currently played for Niger Tornadoes F.C..
Career.
In 2003 he was the captain from Enyimba International F.C. before transferred to Lillestrøm SK. On 26 August 2008 former Nigerian International, Romanus Orjinta, is set to resurrect his career with Niger Tornadoes F.C..

</doc>
<doc id="19519366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519366" title="Simeon Shterev">
Simeon Shterev

Simeon Shterev () (born 15 January 1985 in Sofia) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays for Belasitsa Petrich. He is a fast forward, currently playing by winger. His father Simeon Shterev is a former wrestling champion.
Career.
Shterev was raised in Levski Sofia's youth teams. On 18-years old in 2003 gone in Lokomotiv Sofia and signed first professional contract. But for this team he played only 10 matches for two years. In July 2005 signed with Greek side Messiniakos F.C.. From summer'2008 playing for Belasitsa Petrich.

</doc>
<doc id="19519372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519372" title="Flower Mountain">
Flower Mountain

Flower Mountain is a term from Classic Maya iconography referring to stylized lateral or frontal depictions of an animate mountain, or mountain cave, characterized by the presence of one or more flower symbols at the mountain's 'brow'. This Flower Mountain is repeatedly found associated with solar symbols and depictions of terrestrial water. The earliest representation of a Flower Mountain is found in the Late Preclassic murals of San Bartolo (Maya site). 
The icon has been interpreted as (a) the 'Flowering Mountain Earth', a concept of the present-day Tz'utujil Mayas denoting a mountain located at the world's centre, and associated with a tree of life which can take the form of a sprouting maize plant, (b) the paradisiac dwelling place of the ancestors, (c) the Cave of Emergence (Aztec "Chicomoztoc"), (d) the place of celestial ascent of ancestors and (solar) sky gods, (e) the mountain containing the maize seeds (Aztec "Tonacatepetl").

</doc>
<doc id="19519383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519383" title="Tropical Storm Laura (2008)">
Tropical Storm Laura (2008)

Tropical Storm Laura was a large but short-lived tropical cyclone that developed over the north-central Atlantic Ocean in late September during the 2008 Atlantic hurricane season. The 12th named storm of the season, Laura formed out of a large extratropical area of low pressure located about 1015 miles (1635 km) west of the Azores on September 29. Laura slowly developed tropical characteristics throughout the day as it moved over warmer waters. On the afternoon of September 30, Laura had acquired enough tropical characteristics to be designated a Tropical Storm. Shortly after being declared tropical, Laura began to undergo an extratropical transition, which did not fully take place until the morning of October 1. Laura degenerated into a post-tropical cyclone later that morning, and the final advisory by the National Hurricane Center was issued. The remnants of Laura contributed to heavy rainfall and power outages in the British Isles, the Netherlands, and Norway on October 5 to 8.
Meteorological history.
On September 26, an extratropical area of low pressure developed along a quasi-stationary frontal system a few hundred miles west of the Azores. The low intensified into the equivalent of a Category 1 hurricane with winds of 80 mph (130 km/h) at 12:00 UTC on September 27. Over the following days, the low began to lose its frontal features and began to transition into a subtropical cyclone as it traveled in a general westward direction. By September 29, the low had developed sufficient convection and was declared Subtropical Storm Laura. Upon being upgraded, cold cloud tops began to wrap around the center of Laura and consolidate near the center of circulation. The convection organized around the center quickly and a satellite pass over the storm revealed that it could be intensifying. A later satellite pass disregarded the possibility of intensification as the intensity was confirmed to be at 60 mph (95 km/h). The overall structure of Laura remained subtropical but there were indications that it was acquiring tropical characteristics.
During the afternoon, satellites revealed that Laura had developed a deep warm core, a characteristic of a tropical cyclone, but the wind field remained subtropical in nature. By the nighttime hours, the radius of the strongest winds contracted to 80 mi (130 km), much smaller than what is typical of a subtropical cyclone. However, Laura was still under the influence of an upper-level low and cloud tops remained shallow. However, the cloud tops became colder overnight and Laura was on the verge of becoming a tropical cyclone by the morning of September 30, but strong interaction with the upper-level low meant it was still subtropical. Despite moving over colder waters, a water vapor satellite image determined that Laura had separated itself from the upper-level low, signifying it had developed into a tropical cyclone. Laura was re-classified as a tropical storm at a relatively high latitude, 40.6°N. Not long after being declared tropical, early signs of an extratropical transition appeared. Cold air began to enter the storm on the west side and forecast models showed Laura becoming extratropical the next morning and non-tropical later the next day.
Overnight, convection associated with Laura began to diminish and lose tropical characteristics, but still retained its status. Early on October 1, the extratropical transition was fully apparent. Laura remained tropical but the cloud pattern was becoming frontal and there was little convection around the center of the system. With minimal shower and thunderstorm activity remaining around the center of Laura, the storm degenerated into a remnant-low pressure area on October 1 while still producing tropical storm-force winds. The next day, the remnant system transitioned into an extratropical cyclone and began to re-intensify as it rapidly tracked towards the north. Early on October 3, the system slowed down as it turned towards the east and strengthened into a hurricane-force cyclone with winds of 75 mph (120 km/h). After accelerating towards the east, another large extratropical cyclone absorbed the remnants of Laura while located several hundred miles west of the British Isles on October 4.
Impact.
As a tropical cyclone, Laura never approached land, and no damages or fatalities occurred. Since the storm remained over open waters for most of its life, several ships and oil platforms recorded tropical storm-force winds. The highest recorded winds were at an oil platform with the call sign "VEP717" at 03:00 UTC on October 1. Winds were recorded up to 47 knots (54 mph; 87 km/h). Despite the lack of impact, the storm's remnants were caught in an upper-level jet stream, and steered towards Europe. There, they contributed to heavy rainfall across portions of Britain on October 5, causing localized accumulation of flood waters. As a result, Glebe Road near Windermere, England was closed in both directions, and along the A65 road between Old Hutton and Kirkby Lonsdale, previously saturated soil, combined with overwhelmed storm drains resulted in localized flooding. Traffic on the M6 Motorway was slowed due to poor driving conditions. One person had to be rescued from her car after driving into a flooded street. The UK Environment Agency issued 76 flood watches and 21 severe flood warnings as a result of the rainfall.
On October 8, the remnants of Laura reached the Netherlands. At the time, its rain bands began interacting with a cold front associated with a well-developed low west of Norway, dropping up to 113 mm (4.4 in) of precipitation in the northwestern Netherlands. Consequently, streets and homes in the village of Hippolytushoef were reportedly inundated. The large amounts of precipitation broke the daily and monthly rainfall records for October, which were previously set in 2006. Gradually passing through Norway, the remnants of the storm caused significant damage to electric utilities. As a result, more than 10,000 people lost power in southern parts of the country.

</doc>
<doc id="19519391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519391" title="Manuel Sacristán">
Manuel Sacristán

Manuel Sacristán (born Madrid, 1925, died Barcelona, 1985) was a Spanish philosopher and writer.
Sacristán, the son of a Francoist collaborator, moved to Barcelona in 1940, thereafter living most of his life in said city. He soon became a member of the Falange Española youth section and studied Law and Philosophy in the University of Barcelona, where he became a member of the cultural section of the "Sindicato Español Universitario" (the Falangist student union). After a thwarted contact with a clandestine Anarchist group, he and two fellow Falangists were shunned and persecuted by the mainstream SEU officials, resulting in the suicide of one of them and an ultimately ineffectual death warrant on Sacristán.
He subsequently moved to Münster, in Westphalia (German Federal Republic) in order to study Mathematical Logic and the Philosophy of Science (1954–1956). He became not only an excellent logician, but also a convinced reflective Marxist thinker and communist leader. Again in Barcelona, he taught in the Faculties of Philosophy and Economics of the University of Barcelona.
His academic career was fraught with difficulties. His political activity led him to the direction of the underground Unified Socialist Party of Catalonia (PSUC) and he had a leading role in the Catalan university movement. Due to his Marxist ideas, by which he was very influenced after his stay in Germany and which he introduced to Spain, he was expelled from the University in 1965. In 1966 he participated in the formation of the Barcelona Democratic Students’ Union. It was not until after Franco’s death with the restoration of democracy that he was again admitted. After having had to bear a bitter and humiliating period he was appointed professor of Methodology of Social Sciences at the University of Barcelona. During the academic year 1982-1983 he taught at the National Autonomous University of Mexico. It was in Mexico that he met Mª Ángeles Lizón, from whom he never parted until his death.
From 1947 he was the creator and driving force behind different periodical publications of a political-cultural nature. Along with Juan Carlos García-Borrón, he ran the magazine "Qvadrante", he was editor of the "Laye" magazine and "Quaderns de Cultura" (an underground PSUC journal ). He directed and collaborated in Nous Horitzons, and in 1977 was a founder member of the magazine "Materiales". In 1979, in collaboration with Giulia Adinolfi, he set up a new magazine, "Mientras Tanto". This aimed to reconsider communist-emancipationist ideology through ecologist and feminist criticism and within the original Marxist matrix.
Throughout his life he was extremely active as editor and translator for different publishing houses. He translated more than 80 works by several authors: most notably Mario Bunge, Karl Marx, Friedrich Engels, Antonio Gramsci (who may be regarded as one of his main intellectual references), Theodor W. Adorno, Karl Korsch, Lukács, Galvano Della Volpe, Galbraith, E. Fisher, Labriola, Marcuse, Ágnes Heller, G. Markus, and E. P. Thompson. Of special interest among his work as an author are "Introducción a la lógica y al análisis formal" (Barcelona, Ariel, 1969) and numerous articles and short texts posthumously collected in several volumes of "Panfletos y materiales" (Barcelona, Icaria, 1983–1985).
In 1975 he began the project of publishing a critical edition in Spanish of the complete works of Marx and Engels in 68 volumes, under the imprint of Editorial Grijalbo. Only twelve of the volumes of this venture appeared, among them Sacristán’s translations of "Das Kapital", bookss 1 and 2, and the "Anti-Dühring". Sacristán also edited and translated Antonio Gramsci’s anthology of texts in the publishing house Siglo XXI. His editorial work was always underpinned by a long and sustained commitment to research and teaching in the philosophical, methodological and critical-cultural fields, and a commitment to intervention in the ideological debate of his time.
His first contacts with the Communist Party of Spain (PCE) took place during his first stay in Germany. He was a clandestine member of the governing bodies of the PSUC and PCE, developing over many years an intense political activity, both at the university and on the cultural front. Since the May 1968 crisis (the events of May in Paris and the Soviet invasion of Czechoslovakia), his differences with the official line of the PCC and PSUC led him to resign from nearly all his posts, though he stayed with the party until the end of the 1970s. It was not until 1979 that he declared publicly that he did not belong to any political party.
In 1978 he joined the Antinuclear Committee of Catalonia and was part of the eco-pacifist and anti-NATO movement. He was also a major influence in the formation of the Federación de Enseñanza, an educational branch of the Comisiones Obreras trade union.
Until his death, on 27 August 1985, at the age of 59, Manuel Sacristán carried out an intense intellectual and political struggle, becoming without any doubt one of the most prominent Spanish political philosophers of the twentieth century.

</doc>
<doc id="19519398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519398" title="Joseph Marshall (disambiguation)">
Joseph Marshall (disambiguation)

Joseph Marshall may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19519406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519406" title="Estil C. Ball">
Estil C. Ball

Estil Cortez Ball (1913–1978) was an American singer-songwriter, fingerstyle guitarist, and country gospel and folk musician from Rugby in Grayson County, Virginia.
Career.
From the mid-1950s until 1975, Ball performed with his wife Orna and their Friendly Gospel Singers in churches and on the radio, especially on WKSK (AM) in West Jefferson, North Carolina and WBOB (AM) in Galax, Virginia. Ball's first recordings were made by John A. Lomax on behalf of the Library of Congress at the 1937 Galax Fiddler's Convention in Galax, Virginia, where E.C. performed with his Rugby Gully Jumpers string band (named after Paul Warmack's Gully Jumpers). Lomax recorded the string band and several duets by E.C. and Orna. John's son Alan Lomax recorded Ball three years later, in 1941, at E.C.'s home in Rugby, Virginia, and there again in 1959. 
County Records released Ball's first LP in 1967, as "E.C. Ball and the Friendly Gospel Singers". Two more LPs followed in the 1970s on Rounder Records: "E.C. Ball" and "Fathers Have A Home Sweet Home". Ball was also recorded by John Cohen for his 1975 compilation album "High Atmosphere: Ballads and Banjo Tunes from Virginia and North Carolina". 
E.C. Ball's most famous composition was a piece he called "Tribulations," based, as he told Alan Lomax in 1959, "on the last book in the Bible: Revelations." It has been frequently covered by other musicians as "Trials, Troubles, Tribulations." 
Ball died in 1978 in Grassy Creek, North Carolina, and is buried at Corinth Baptist Church in Rugby, Grayson County, Virginia.
In December 2009, a tribute album was released entitled "Face A Frowning World: An E.C. Ball Memorial Album", on the Tompkins Square label, produced by Nathan Salsburg. Singers interpreting songs from E.C.'s repertoire include Jolie Holland, Bonnie "Prince" Billy, Jon Langford, the Handsome Family, Rayna Gellert, and Catherine Irwin, among others.

</doc>
<doc id="19519407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519407" title="Carl Wilhelm Petersen">
Carl Wilhelm Petersen

Carl Wilhelm Petersen (born January 1, 1868 in Hamburg; died November 6, 1933 in Hamburg) was a German lawyer, politician for the German Democratic Party (German abbr.: DDP) and First Mayor of Hamburg (1924 – 29 and 1932 – 33).

</doc>
<doc id="19519415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519415" title="Svein Kristensen">
Svein Kristensen

Svein Ragnar Kristensen (born 22 January 1946) is a Norwegian civil servant.
Having graduated as siv.øk. from Norwegian School of Economics and Business Administration, he embarked on a career as a civil servant, working in the Ministry of Local Government (1973–1977), the Norwegian Labour Inspection Authority (1977–1984) and the National Insurance Administration (1985–1996). In 1996 he was hired as a sub-director in the Norwegian Tax Administration. Following the death of Tax Director Bjarne Johannes Hope, Kristensen became acting Tax Director on 1 July 2006; the appointment became permanent that December. In 2013 he was succeeded in this post by Hans Christian Holte.

</doc>
<doc id="19519416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519416" title="Oriol Martorell i Codina">
Oriol Martorell i Codina

Oriol Martorell i Codina (Barcelona, 1927–1996) was a musical director, pedagogue and professor of history. He was the son of Artur Martorell i Bisbal, also a renowned pedagogue. While studying music he gained a doctorate in History.
He obtained a BA from the University of Barcelona in 1950 and a master’s degree in Pedagogy from the University of Perugia (Italy) in 1954.
In 1947 he founded the “”, of which he was director during 40 years. It was a symbol of cultural anti-Franchoism and a reference point among European choirs. A specialist in choral direction, he taught on this subject in different countries. he was the founder and vice-chairman of the “Europaeische Foederation Junger Choere”, instructor of the choral movement “À Coeur Joie” and president of the “Federació Catalana d’Entitats Corals”. He worked as a critic for several publications and collaborated in different musical works. He was artistic director of Discos Vergara between 1961 and 1970. He was also co-author with Manuel Valls of the book "El fet musical"; he also published, with Josep Massot Muntaner and Salvador Pueyo, "Els Segadors: Himne Nacional de Catalunya". He was artistic director of the "Antologia històrica de la música catalana" (1966- 1970).
In 1983 he was appointed professor of Music History of the University of Barcelona, of which he had already been a teacher since 1970.
He was awarded with several distinctions such as the “Premi d’Honor Jaume I” in 1983, the “Creu de Sant Jordi” of the Generalitat de Catalunya in 1984, the “Medalla al Mèrit Artístic” of Barcelona Town Council, the music award Francesc Pujols i Pons and the “Medalla de Bellas Artes” of the Ministry of Culture.
The first Catalan public centre for primary school studies combined with music and dance was named after him.
As part of his political activity he was elected MP to the Parliament of Catalonia, a post he held from 1992 to 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="19519442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519442" title="McCaul">
McCaul

McCaul, also spelt MacCawell, is an Irish surname, derived from the Gaelic "Mac Cathmhaoil", meaning the "descendants of Cathmhaol". The name "Cathmhaoil" itself is derived from "cathmhaol" which means "battle chief". The "Mac Cathmhaoil" where a sept of the "Cenél Fearadhaigh", of the Uí Néill, and where based around Clogher in modern day County Tyrone, Northern Ireland. They were one of the seven powerful septs that supported the O'Neills. The name is now rare in Ulster as it has been Anglicised under various different forms such as Campbell, Caulfield, MacCall, Alwell, Callwell, McCowell , McCuill, Howell, MacCorless, MacHall, and McQuade. The MacGirr and Short surname originate from a branch of the "Mac Cathmhaoil" headed by "Maelechlainn mac an ghirr meic Cathmhaoil", "Malachy, the son of the short fellow MacCawell". The variant MacCawell is claimed as being the closest Anglicisation of the Irish name.
The height of their power was in the 12th century where their territory covered most of modern County Tyrone, and deep into County Fermanagh. By the mid fourteenth century their power in Fermanagh, was broken by the rise of the Maguires. Having controlled the seat of power of the diocese of Clogher, the MacCawells provided many abbots, deans, canons etc. to it and neighbouring dicoeses including two bishops. By the end of the sixteenth century there appears to have been a large migration of the sept into the modern counties of Down and Armagh.
History.
The MacCathmhaoil sept took their patronymic name from Cathmhaol in the 12th century, descended from Feradhach (or Fearadhaigh), son of Muireadhach, son of Eoghan (son of Niall Naoighiallach "Niall of the Nine Hostages"). They were the leading sept of Cenél Fearadhaigh, sometimes called Cenél Fearadhaigh Theas or Cinel-Farry, now the barony of Clogher, to distinguish them from the offshoots of Cenél Fearadhaigh who remained in Inishowen or thereabouts. After this expansion into mid Ulster with Cenél nEoghain the MacCathmhaoils were fixed in the Clogher area of County Tyrone. As Cenél nEoghain ("kindred" or descendants of Eógan mac Néill, son of Niall Noígiallach who founded the kingdom of Tír Eoghain in the 5th century), it was their function to hold a bastion for Cenél nEoghain against Cenél Conaill on the northwest and the descendants of the Three Collas on the south-west and south. 
In the Annals of the Four Masters, under 1185 (16 years after the Norman invasion of Ireland), the first mention if is made of a MacCathmhaoil with "Gillchreest MacCathmhaoil, head chieftain of the Cineal Fereadaidh and "the chief of the councils of the north of Ireland", who was slain by Teag O'hEighnigh (O'Heaney) chief of Fermanagh, aided by Muintir Chaonain (O'Keenan). That Gillchreest MacCathmhaoil, was also head chieftain of clan Aongusa (Magennis? McCann?) of eastern Ulster, clan Dubhinreacht, clan Fogarty O'Ceannfhoda (Cíneal Fógartaígh – Mac Artán (MacCartan)?), and clan Colla of Fermanagh."
They receive mention in Ceart "Ui Néill" (see The Rights of O'Neill) being, along with MacMurchaidh and O'Devlin, classed as "fircheithearna" (i.e. "true kerns") of Ui Néill. A Kern (soldier) was a Gaelic soldier, specifically a light infantryman of Gaelic Ireland during the Middle Ages. From Ceart Ui Néill 14. "it is their duty to take and to guard hostages; and they are bound by their office to keep watch for the first three nights in camp and on a hosting..." and elsewhere "In his time, it was usual to for victorious conquerors to take captives, usually of exalted rank, as hostages for the good (i.e. subservient) subsequent behaviour of the vanquished".
Later they became an important church family. They were also Brehons (judges of Irish law) in Cenél nEoghain (Tyrone), are famous in Irish history for their learning and the many dignitaries they supplied to the church. In Cenél nEoghain about this time, 1300, the Mac Cathmhaoils were the hereditary advisers of the king, being one the seven main septs of the Cenél nEoghain Ui Neill. The familys importance is obvious from a glance at the events listed in connection with them under MacCathmhail in the index to the Annals of Ulster. 
Below are some entries from the Annals regarding the MacCathmhaoil (translated mostly as MacCawell) the leading sept of Cenél Fearadhaigh and further below some their descendants of today.
The Annals.
There are several mentions of the "Mac Cathmhaoil" sept in the Annals of Ulster and The Annals of the Four Masters:
Family Tree.
This is one version of a list of male descendants from Niall of the Nine Hostages to Raghnall MacCathmhaoil who is claimed as being the first to use the "Mac Cathmhaoil" surname, seven generations removed from the ancestor whose name he chose to bear:

</doc>
<doc id="19519453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519453" title="Xavier Vilanova i Montiu">
Xavier Vilanova i Montiu

Xavier Vilanova I Montiu (Barcelona, 1 August 1902 - Paris, 8 May 1965) was a Catalan dermatologist. His father, Pelai Vilanova i Massanet, was considered one of the creators of Catalan dermatology.
He graduated in Medicine from the University of Barcelona in 1923. Subsequently, following his family’s advice he moved to Paris to specialize in dermatology at the Hospital Saint Louis, then stayed for a period in Strasbourg and Milan where he received training from other leading scientists. On his return to Spain, he obtained a doctorate in Medicine in Madrid in 1928. In the wake of the Spanish Civil War, he traveled in 1936 to Colombia to run the leprosarium "Aguas de Dios". Again back in Spain, he was Chair of Dermatology at the University of Valladolid in 1942, at the University of Valencia in 1944 and finally at the University of Barcelona in 1948.
He directed the Professional School of Dermatology of Barcelona in 1952. His extensive scientific activity was reflected in more than five hundred publications, attaining, furthermore, numerous national and international distinctions. He was Honorary President of the Spanish Academy of Dermatology and a member of the National Academy of Medicine of France, where he was nominated "Officier de l'Ordre de la Santé Publique". He was also an honorary member of the German, Argentinian, Brazilian, French, German, Dutch, Belgian, Iranian, Italian, Mexican, Portuguese, Uruguayan, Venezuelan and Israeli Dermatological Societies. He was elected president of the Ibero-Latin-American College of Dermatology in 1962 and of the Spanish Academy of Dermatology in 1963. His appointment as an expert in the Venerology and Treponematosis Section of the World Health Organization, was a recognition of his status as a specialist in sexually transmitted diseases.

</doc>
<doc id="19519454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519454" title="Willy Ovesen">
Willy Ovesen

Willy Ovesen (born 1 June 1924) is a Norwegian civil servant.
He was born in Sørreisa, graduated with the cand.jur. degree and worked in the Norwegian Tax Administration from 1956. He was promoted to county tax director in Akershus in 1973, and served as director of the Norwegian Tax Administration (Tax Director) from 1982 to 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="19519465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519465" title="Park Dong-Suk">
Park Dong-Suk

Park Dong-Suk (born May 3, 1984) is a South Korean football player who recently played for FC Seoul, then known as Anyang LG Cheetahs and Gwangju Sangmu FC (military service).
Club career statistics.
"As of end of 2008 season"

</doc>
<doc id="19519486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519486" title="Vollaro clan">
Vollaro clan

The Vollaro clan is a Neapolitan Camorra clan operating in the area east of Naples, more specifically in the town of Portici and San Sebastiano al Vesuvio, a small village in the Vesuvius area.
History.
The Vollaro clan was founded in the mid-seventies by Luigi Vollaro nicknamed ""'o Califfo"" (The Caliph) for his alleged unlimited sexual potency. When he eventually was arrested in 1982, the police found that Vollaro was living in a concubinage with 17 women and had 27 children. When asked by the judge whether he belonged to the Camorra, he replied: ""What is the Camorra? A criminal organization, they say. I belong only to my family. I mate only with my women.""
The Vollaro clan has fought two Cammora wars. The first between 1977 and 1997, was an internal war plagued by a score of murders and the other, in late 2001 and early 2002, was with the Cozzilino clan. 
The Vollaro clan was one of the first clans to take sides with the powerful Alfieri clan from Piazzolla di Nola, led by Carmine Alfieri against the Nuova Camorra Organizzata (NCO) which was led by Raffaele Cutolo. It was also one of the first clans to join the Nuova Famiglia (NF), a coalition of anti-Cutolo clans which was formed to contrast the growing power of the NCO.
In 1982, Luigi Vollaro was arrested after spending three years on the run and was charged with the murder of Giuseppe Mutillo in 1980. Vollaro was later sentenced to life imprisonment for this murder. In 2003, Vollaro received a second life sentence for the murder of Carlo Lardone. 
In 1992, Vollaro was subjected to the harsh Article 41-bis prison regime, thus having the distinction of being one of the first Camorra bosses to be subjected to this regime. For a short period after his arrest, the management of his illegal businesses went to his sons Pietro, Giuseppe and Raffaele. Another son, Antonio who had dissociated from the family business early on, was wrongly detained years for a murder committed by his brother Ciro. Ciro admitted to the murder after becoming a pentito (collaborator with Italian Justice) and with his confessions, dealt a massive blow to the clan's activities.
Five sons of the "Caliph" were arrested on June 10, 2009, including the regent of the clan, Antonio Vollaro. The investigation leading to the arrests showed that nearly the entire town of Portici paid extortion money (the "pizzo") to the clan, from the shops in the center to ambulant street sellers. The more affluent shops in the center of town had to pay between 500 and 2,000 euros a month, while the street sellers had to pay 30-40 euro a week. At Christmas, Easter and the holiday season extras had to be paid. 
The continuing arrests of the Vollaro clan's members is likely to break the balance of local organized crime. Its weaking is likely to pave the way for the more powerful Sarno clan.

</doc>
<doc id="19519488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519488" title="Top Gear Australia (series 1)">
Top Gear Australia (series 1)

The first series of the television series Top Gear Australia aired in Australia from 29 September 2008. The series included presenters Warren Brown, Charlie Cox and Steve Pizzati.

</doc>
<doc id="19519492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519492" title="Kim Seung-Yong">
Kim Seung-Yong

Kim Seung-Yong (; born 14 March 1985) is a South Korean footballer, who plays as winger for Central Coast Mariners in the A-League.

</doc>
<doc id="19519513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519513" title="Svein Aasmundstad">
Svein Aasmundstad

Svein Aasmundstad (13 January 1935 – 10 April 2012) is a Norwegian civil servant.
He was born in Trondheim, and graduated as cand.jur.. He worked as CFO in Trondheim municipality from 1973 to 1976, and as chief administrative officer in Oppland county from 1976 to 1987, only interrupted by a spell as state secretary in the Ministry of Transport from 1979 during the Nordli's Cabinet. He was appointed as the first director of the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway in 1987, and served to 1992. From 1994 to 1995 he was the managing director of NAVO (today known as Arbeidsgiverforeningen Spekter).

</doc>
<doc id="19519514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519514" title="Costs of warships 1900–18">
Costs of warships 1900–18

This list reflects the results of the first organised effort to determine the costs of warships of all nations involved in World War I.
Nations.
Austria-Hungary.
Pre-dreadnoughts
Armoured Cruisers
Light Cruisers
France.
Pre-dreadnoughts
Dreadnoughts
Armoured Cruisers
Cruisers
Light Cruisers 
Germany.
Pre-Dreadnoughts
Dreadnoughts
Battlecruisers
Armoured Cruisers
Light Cruisers
Great Britain.
Pre-Dreadnoughts 
Dreadnoughts
Battlecruisers
Armoured cruisers
Light Cruisers
Monitors
Destroyers
Minesweepers 
Submarines 
Greece.
Pre-Dreadnoughts
Armoured Cruisers
Destroyers
Italy.
Pre-dreadnoughts
Armoured Cruisers
Light cruisers 
Gunboats 
Japan.
Pre-dreadnoughts
Battlecruisers
Coast Defence
Armoured Cruisers
Light cruisers
Netherlands.
Coast Defence
Cruisers
Norway.
Coast Defence
Portugal.
Coast Defence
Russia.
Dreadnoughts
Pre-dreadnoughts 
Coast Defence 
Cruisers 
Gunboats 
Spain.
Dreadnoughts 
Armoured Cruisers 
Sweden.
Armoured Cruisers
Ottoman Empire.
Pre-dreadnoughts 

</doc>
<doc id="19519519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519519" title="Park Gwang-Min">
Park Gwang-Min

Park Gwang-Min (; born 14 May 1982) is a South Korean football Midfielder. 
He has played for Seongnam Ilhwa Chunma and Gwangju Sangmu in K-League.

</doc>
<doc id="19519522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519522" title="Hilarimorphidae">
Hilarimorphidae

Hilarimorphidae or hilarimorphid flies are a Family of Diptera. They are placed in the Super family Asiloidea, though there is some considerable doubt, but the consensus is that they are most closely related to the Bombyliidae. Most species are nearctic.

</doc>
<doc id="19519527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519527" title="Posavec">
Posavec

Posavec () is a settlement on the Sava River in the Municipality of Radovljica in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="19519544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519544" title="Dick Howell">
Dick Howell

Richard John Howell (October 12, 1903 – July 20, 1967) was an American competition swimmer who represented the United States at the 1924 Summer Olympics in Paris, France. 
He was born in Chicago and died in Arlington Heights, Illinois.
In the 1924 Olympics he won a gold medal in the 4x200-meter freestyle relay event. He helped the American relay team to qualify for the final where he was replaced by Johnny Weissmuller. In the semi-finals he was part of the team which improved the world record and broke ten minute barrier.
He also participated in the 1,500-meter freestyle. There he qualified for the semi-finals but did not advance.
External links.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519554" title="Lastrego">
Lastrego

Lastrego & Testa Multimedia is an independent animation studio based in Turin, Italy, providing educational and entertaining material for children, families and teachers, as animation series, books and activity labs to stimulate creativity and underline strong values such as friendship, family and teamwork.
History.
Cristina Lastrego and Francesco Testa, the two co-founders, have been working together for almost 30 years. They have published more than 170 books (translated in 14 languages), 11 CD-ROMs and 104 animated episodes for TV. In 1973, the young judges of the Critici in Erba of the Fiera Internazionale del Libro per Ragazzi di Bologna (Bologna Children Book Fair) gave an award to their book "Aladino alla corte del sultano" ("Aladdin at the Sultan's Court"), in 1974.
"La Giovanna a fumetti" was devised after carrying out research in an Elementary School in Turin. It was published by Einaudi, and received an award at the Salone dell’Umorismo di Bordighera. Over the years their books have been adapted for theatre and TV, receiving many awards, such as the Caran D’Ache in 1980 and the Andersen – Baia delle Favole in 1984.
When CD-ROMs came on to the market, Lastrego & Testa produced various educational titles, such as "Drago Tommasone" (Ed. Piccoli, 1997), winner of the New Media Prize in 1998, and "ImparoGiocando" (Rizzoli, 1999).
A few years later, the two authors began creating cartoons based on their own characters, following their experiences with Nippon Animation and Film Polski. In 2002 an old mill just outside Turin was converted into an animation studio, and together with a group of young artists and the RAI Italian Broadcasting Company, they produced the animated series "I sogni di Giovanna" (52 x 6’30") ("Giovanna's Dreams").
Lastrego & Testa also produced the pilot episode of a new 3D series, "Doggo & Katty", the adventures of a dog and cat living in a little city garden, who explore the human world with its strange objects.
In 2004 Lastrego & Testa realised "Advent Days" (25 x 1’10"), a short TV series produced by Rai Innovazione Prodotto, Rai Tre and Rai Centro Produzione Torino, inspired by the Christmas Crib of the Turin City, designed by Emanuele Luzzati. The characters from Luzzati's Nativity are animated using a digital process that mirrors the traditional cut-out techniques used in such masterpieces as Luzzati's and Gianini's "La gazza ladra" ("The Thieving Magpie") and "Pulcinella". "Advent Days" was broadcast in Italy on Rai Tre from the 1st of December to the 25th.
In December 2004 Francesco Testa has been elected president of the Italian ASIFA.
At the beginning of 2005 it has been realized "Aladdin's lamp", pilot of the new series "Aladdin's adventures" (26 x 13'), co-produced by Rai-Fiction. Backgrounds and characters are inspired by Emanuele Luzzati's graphical work, by kind permission of the artist. The stories are inspired by the compilation of Eastern folk tales "Arabian Nights". The drawings are animated thanks to the digital techniques that hark back to the traditional way of cut-out animation, as Luzzati and Gianini did in their works. The main characters are: Aladdin, a young boy in love with the Princess Budur, daughter of the Caliph Harun, and their friend the Genie. Their enemy is the wizard Kufor, that wills to grab Aladdin's magic lamp. Through the series, Aladdin and Budur will have to face lots of adventures, always winning thanks to their wit and reciprocal love. The telling is given to Sherazade's voice and the musical score composed and played expressly for each episode by Lorenzo Marini, in an ongoing dialogue with the graphic designer and animators.
In January 2007, Làstrego & Testa has committed in the production of "Amita of the jungle" (26 x 7', HD), a TV series for kids between 4 and 7 years old. The series talks about the adventures of Amita, a child who lives in a magic world in which men and animals can still speak together. In the past, to teach children the right way of thinking, were used fairy tales with their symbolic content and proverbs that, within just one sentence, could give access to a precious knowledge. The protagonist is the modern element that connects that ancient knowledge to a contemporary moral, based on sympathy, altruism and cooperation. Amita lives in contact with nature, she loves to dance and to sing. She has a good relationship with every animal. In return the big animals are always ready to help the little girl and to bring her on their back. The series is realized in digital cut out, but the characters are painted by hand with the watercolour technique, to obtain a soft result, which is closer to the traditional illustration. This project have won a nomination to the Pulcinella Awards 2008 for the Best TV Series for Children at Cartoons on the Bay (Salerno, Italy).

</doc>
<doc id="19519590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519590" title="Ivar Leveraas">
Ivar Leveraas

Ivar Leveraas (born 17 July 1939) is a Norwegian civil servant and politician for the Labour Party.
Leveraas was born in Haugesund. A mechanic by education, he worked as a secretary in Arbeidernes Opplysningsforbund (AOF) from 1970 to 1975. From 1975 to 1986 he was the secretary of the Labour party. He then was CEO of the Norwegian State Housing Bank from 1986 to 1994 and director of the Norwegian Labour Inspection Authority from 1994 to 2006.
In 2006, Leveraas was appointed by the Government as leader of The National Council for Senior Citizens. He is now in his second term for the council.
He has also graduated from the military academy and has a financial-administrative qualification and a masters in management and leadership. 
He was awarded the King's Medal of Merit in gold in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19519599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519599" title="Jeff Gianola">
Jeff Gianola

Jeff Gianola (born October 2, 1955) is the head news anchor for KOIN Local 6, the CBS affiliate station in Portland, Oregon.
Career.
Gianola grew up in San Diego, California, and came to Portland's KATU, the city's ABC affiliate, in 1983 from a stint at a Santa Barbara, California, station where he was the general-assignment reporter. After doing the weather and morning anchoring at KATU for a few years, he was moved to evening anchor in 1985. He was teamed with Julie Emry, and the pair co-anchored KATU's evening newscasts for several years in the late 1980s and 1990s. Gianola left KATU for CBS affiliate KOIN, in August 1998. Gianola's current news partner is Kelley Day. Gianola produced the domumentary "No Perfect Answers: The Life and Architecture of Pietro Belluschi" 
Gianola is the father of five children; two girls from a previous marriage and three children with his current wife, Shannon. The family lives in Tigard. Gianola is the president and founder of the Wednesday's Child Foundation. This foundation helps to raise funds for children in foster care to participate in activities such as camps, lessons, and sports teams.
Gianola played a television news reporter in the 2003 William Friedkin film "The Hunted". He also had a cameo in the 1999 Kelley Baker film "Birddog".

</doc>
<doc id="19519604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519604" title="Go Seul-Ki">
Go Seul-Ki

Go Seul-Ki (; born 21 April 1986) is a South Korean football forward, who plays for El Jaish SC in the Qatar Stars League in the Qatar Stars League. His previous clubs were Ulsan Hyundai, Gwangju Sangmu and Pohang Steelers.

</doc>
<doc id="19519608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519608" title="2000 Ozemail Queensland 500">
2000 Ozemail Queensland 500

The 2000 Ozemail Queensland 500 was an endurance race for V8 Supercars. It was held at the Queensland Raceway, near Ipswich, in Queensland, Australia on 10 September 2000. The race was staged over 161 laps of the 3.12 kilometer circuit, a total distance of 502 kilometers. It was Round 11 of the 2000 Shell Championship Series and was the second Queensland 500.
Results.
Results as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="19519615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519615" title="Michael Wallace (politician)">
Michael Wallace (politician)

Michael Wallace (ca 1744 – October 8, 1831) was a Scottish-born merchant, judge and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Halifax County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1785 to 1802.
He was born in Lanarkshire and became a merchant in Glasgow, moving to Norfolk, Virginia in 1771. After losing his property in the American Revolution, Wallace moved to Halifax in 1779, where he became a retail and wholesale merchant, mainly importing goods from Britain. He married Mary Kerby in 1781. Wallace was named a judge in the Inferior Court of Common Pleas; he also received a number of patronage appointments and supply contracts with the military. In 1802, he was named to the Nova Scotia Council; as senior member of the council, he was called to administer the colony during absences by the lieutenant governor. For a brief time, Wallace also served as judge in the vice admiralty court. He was named surveyor general of the king's woods in 1820, following the death of John Wentworth. Wallace was president of the Shubenacadie Canal Company and a shareholder in a number of other companies. He opposed the presence of American fishing boats in the waters off the British colonies and advocated the exclusion of American trading ships from British ports in the Caribbean. He died in Halifax.
His daughter Eleanor married Charles Porter, president of King's College.

</doc>
<doc id="19519624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519624" title="Kola Anubi">
Kola Anubi

Oluwaseun Kolawole Anubi (born March 24, 1987 in Zaria) is a Nigerian football player currently with Warri Wolves F.C.. nickname kenke
Career.
Anubi moved from Insurance in 2004 to Brazilian top club Sport Club Internacional and turned in July 2005 back to Insurance, later he moved in 2006 to Enyimba International F.C.. After moving to Dolphins F.C., he was loaned out in 2008 to Akwa United F.C. In September 2008 he returned to Enyimba. then later played in 2009 at Sharks of P-Harcourt, but now in Warri wolves.
International.
He was a member of the Nigerian team at 2005 FIFA World Youth Championship in the Netherlands where he played 2 games. Formerly was member of the Nigerian team at 2003 FIFA U-17 World Championship in Finland and played all 3 games.

</doc>
<doc id="19519627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519627" title="Lee Jung-Rae">
Lee Jung-Rae

Lee Jung-Rae (; born 21 November 1979) is a South Korean football goalkeeper, who plays for Gwangju FC in K-League. His previous clubs were Chunnam Dragons, Gyeongnam FC and Gwangju Sangmu.

</doc>
<doc id="19519644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519644" title="Zajączkowice">
Zajączkowice

Zajączkowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Waśniów, within Ostrowiec County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Waśniów, south-west of Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 260.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519656" title="Retail Industry Leaders Association">
Retail Industry Leaders Association

The Retail Industry Leaders Association (RILA) is American trade association headquartered in Arlington, Virginia. RILA "promotes consumer choice and economic freedom through public policy and industry operational excellence. Executives participate in RILA for its educational forums, its public policy advocacy, and its advancement of the industry".
Focus and membership.
RILA's board of directors has focused its efforts on five specific areas:
Members include retailers, product manufacturers and service suppliers. Together, RILA's members provide millions of jobs and operate more than 100,000 stores, manufacturing facilities and distribution centers domestically and abroad. RILA represents:
History.
RILA was started in 1969 as a research organization to help regional discounters network and learn from one another. Roughly 20 companies were founding members, all were regional discounters. Companies such as Kmart, Jamesway, Caldor, Bradlees, Hills, Target, Shopko, Wal-Mart, Zayre, Korvettes and Ames were among the founding members. The organization was originally named the Mass Retailing Institute. In 1986 they acquired the Association of General Merchandise Chains (AGMC) and in 1988 became the International Mass Retail Association (IMRA). In early 2004, the organization's board of directors voted to change its name to the Retail Industry Leaders Association (RILA).
In April 2007, The Law Enforcement Retail Partnership Network, set up by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, RILA, and the NRF, began operation. Law enforcement and loss prevention specialists can use the database to track and identify retail theft nationwide through a secure Web portal.
Leadership.
The President of RILA, since December 2002, is Sandy Kennedy. The current chairman of RILA, William C. Rhodes, III, chairman, president and chief executive officer of auto parts retailer AutoZone, was first elected to that position in January 2010.
Retail executives serving as the 2011 Board of Directors are as follows:
Public policy.
The Retail Industry Leaders Association is a leading public policy advocate for the retail industry. In 2009 RILA played a key role in the debate over health care reform. RILA successfully lobbied to protect existing health care options for part-time and seasonal employees in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act.
In 2010, RILA also led the effort to pass reforms introduced by Senator Dick Durbin (D-IL) aimed at curbing the fees banks charge merchants who accept debit cards. RILA successfully defended these reforms from an effort in 2011 to unravel them.
RILA is currently at the center of the fight to level the playing field between e-tailers and brick and mortar retailers as it relates to collecting and remitting sales taxes. The effort, which has led to the passage of laws in a number of states, including Texas, California, Arkansas and Illinois, requires e-tailers to collect and remit sales taxes owed, just as traditional Main Street retailers have long been required to do.
2009 merger with NRF.
In April 2009, RILA and NRF announced that they would merge. NRF, based in Washington, DC, had about 100 employees; RILA had a staff of about 30. The process was expected to be completed by summer 2009, after both NRF and RILA went through a due diligence process. The boards of directors of both associations needed to recommend the merger, and members of both groups needed to approve it. The combined association was to be run during the transition by RILA President Sandy Kennedy. Kennedy said in May that she envisioned a smaller staff, of about 75, after the merger was fully completed.
In late June, the NRF and RILA announced that the merger had been called off. The decision was by the boards; members had not yet been asked to vote on the matter. "NRF and RILA will devote all resources to continuing the work they are each doing to address the serious issues that America's consumers and retailers are facing in today's economic environment," the groups said in a joint statement.

</doc>
<doc id="19519660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519660" title="Aleksandrów, Pińczów County">
Aleksandrów, Pińczów County

Aleksandrów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Pińczów and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519662" title="Bogucice Drugie">
Bogucice Drugie

Bogucice Drugie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Pińczów and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519664" title="Bogucice Pierwsze">
Bogucice Pierwsze

Bogucice Pierwsze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Pińczów and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519665" title="Borków, Pińczów County">
Borków, Pińczów County

Borków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Pińczów and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519666" title="Gunvald Aus">
Gunvald Aus

Gunvald Aus, also written Aas (May 30, 1851 – May 27, 1950) was a Norwegian-American engineer. He is most associated with the engineering of the Woolworth Building in New York City.
He was born the son of Gabriel Godfrey Aas and Sophie Schroeder in Haugesund in the county of Rogaland, Norway. He was educated at the Bergen Technical School (now Norwegian University of Science and Technology (1879). He graduated from the Technical University of Munich (1882). He was then hired in the Norwegian Directorate of Public Roads as an assistant to Road Director Hans Hagerup Krag, but left for the United States in 1883. Initially he was employed by railroad and highway bridge designer Theodore Cooper.
Having worked in different companies, including the Phoenix Bridge Company, he was hired as chief engineer in the United States Department of the Treasury. In 1902, he started his own consulting business in New York City. The Gusvald Aus Company completed the engineering work for a number of projects including Harkness Memorial Quadrangle at Yale University, the Minnesota State Capitol in St. Paul and the Library building at Northwestern University. Together is Kort Berle, he later was involved in the construction of the Woolworth Building.
He had become an American citizen in 1892 but in 1915 he returned to Norway. He served for a period as a local politician in Asker. He was a member of the district government from 1923-1928. He died in Asker in 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="19519668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519668" title="Brzeście, Pińczów County">
Brzeście, Pińczów County

Brzeście is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Pińczów and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519671" title="Bugaj, Pińczów County">
Bugaj, Pińczów County

Bugaj is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Pińczów and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519673" title="Byczów">
Byczów

Byczów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Pińczów and south of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 85.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519674" title="Chrabków">
Chrabków

Chrabków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.
The village has an approximate population of 140.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519676" title="Chruścice">
Chruścice

Chruścice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Pińczów and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519677" title="Chwałowice, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Chwałowice, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Chwałowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Pińczów and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519678" title="Gacki, Pińczów County">
Gacki, Pińczów County

Gacki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Pińczów and south of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has an approximate population of 80.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519680" title="Grochowiska, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Grochowiska, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Grochowiska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Pińczów and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519681" title="Kopernia">
Kopernia

Kopernia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Pińczów and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519682" title="Kowala, Pińczów County">
Kowala, Pińczów County

Kowala is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Pińczów and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519684" title="Kozubów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Kozubów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Kozubów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Pińczów and south of the regional capital Kielce.
The village gives its name to the protected area called Kozubów Landscape Park.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519686" title="Krzyżanowice Dolne">
Krzyżanowice Dolne

Krzyżanowice Dolne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Pińczów and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519688" title="Krzyżanowice Średnie">
Krzyżanowice Średnie

Krzyżanowice Średnie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519689" title="Leszcze, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Leszcze, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Leszcze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Pińczów and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519691" title="Marzęcin, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Marzęcin, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Marzęcin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Pińczów and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519692" title="Młodzawy Duże">
Młodzawy Duże

Młodzawy Duże is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Pińczów and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519693" title="Młodzawy Małe">
Młodzawy Małe

Młodzawy Małe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Pińczów and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519694" title="Mozgawa">
Mozgawa

Mozgawa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Pińczów and south of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 250.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519695" title="Board–to–board connector">
Board–to–board connector

Board-to-board (BTB) connectors are used to connect printed circuit boards (PCB), electronic components that contain a conductive pattern printed on the surface of the insulating base in an accurate and repeatable manner. Each terminal on a BTB connector is connected to a PCB.
A BTB connector includes housing and a specific number of terminals.
The terminal is made from a conductive material (mostly copper alloy), and plated to improve conductivity and antirust.
Terminals transmit the current/signal between PCBs connected by BTB; the housing is made of insulating material (mostly plastic).
BTB connectors are divided up into two mounting types:
BTB connectors are selected by considering the mounting method, pin pitch, number of the rows (aka number of the ways), pin length, stacker height etc.

</doc>
<doc id="19519696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519696" title="Nowa Zagość">
Nowa Zagość

Nowa Zagość is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Pińczów and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519699" title="Orkanów">
Orkanów

Orkanów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Pińczów and south of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 200.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519700" title="Pasturka">
Pasturka

Pasturka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Pińczów and south of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has an approximate population of 360.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519701" title="Podłęże, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Podłęże, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Podłęże is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Pińczów and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519702" title="Sadek, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Sadek, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Sadek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Pińczów and south of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 240.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519703" title="Skowronno Dolne">
Skowronno Dolne

Skowronno Dolne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Pińczów and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519704" title="Skowronno Górne">
Skowronno Górne

Skowronno Górne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Pińczów and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519705" title="Skrzypiów">
Skrzypiów

Skrzypiów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Pińczów and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519706" title="Stara Zagość">
Stara Zagość

Stara Zagość is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Pińczów and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519708" title="Szarbków">
Szarbków

Szarbków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Pińczów and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519709" title="Szczypiec">
Szczypiec

Szczypiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Pińczów and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519710" title="Uników, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Uników, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Uników is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Pińczów and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519712" title="Winiary, Pińczów County">
Winiary, Pińczów County

Winiary is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Pińczów and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519714" title="Włochy, Pińczów County">
Włochy, Pińczów County

Włochy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Pińczów and south of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has an approximate population of 260.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519715" title="Wola Zagojska Dolna">
Wola Zagojska Dolna

Wola Zagojska Dolna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Pińczów and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519718" title="Wola Zagojska Górna">
Wola Zagojska Górna

Wola Zagojska Górna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Pińczów and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519720" title="Zagórzyce, Pińczów County">
Zagórzyce, Pińczów County

Zagórzyce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Pińczów and south of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 250.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519722" title="Zakrzów, Pińczów County">
Zakrzów, Pińczów County

Zakrzów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Pińczów and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519723" title="Zawarża">
Zawarża

Zawarża is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Pińczów and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519730" title="Swimming at the 1924 Summer Olympics – Women's 4 × 100 metre freestyle relay">
Swimming at the 1924 Summer Olympics – Women's 4 × 100 metre freestyle relay

The women's 4x100 metre freestyle relay was a swimming event held as part of the swimming at the 1924 Summer Olympics programme. It was the third appearance of the event, which had been established in 1912. The competition was held on Friday July 18, 1924.
Records.
These were the standing world and Olympic records (in minutes) prior to the 1924 Summer Olympics.
The United States set a new world record and broke the five minute barrier with 4:58.8 minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="19519731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519731" title="Biedrzykowice">
Biedrzykowice

Biedrzykowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyce, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Działoszyce, south-west of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 123.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519733" title="Bronocice">
Bronocice

Bronocice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyce, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Działoszyce, south-west of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce. In 1976 the Bronocice pot was discovered. Dating to approximately 3500-3350 BC, the pot bears the earliest known image of a wheeled vehicle. 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519736" title="Bronów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Bronów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Bronów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyce, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Działoszyce, south-west of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519737" title="Chmielów, Pińczów County">
Chmielów, Pińczów County

Chmielów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyce, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Działoszyce, south-west of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519738" title="Carmel McSharry">
Carmel McSharry

Carmel McSharry (born 1930, Dublin) is an Irish character actress, best known for her roles portrayals of Beryl Humphries in "Beryl's Lot" (1973–77), a daytime ITV serial, and as Mrs. Hollingbery in "In Sickness and in Health".
Other television work includes roles in "The Liver Birds", "Casualty" and "Z Cars". She also appeared in the BBC play "Home from Home" in 1973, which also featured Yootha Joyce and Michael Robbins. She retired in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="19519739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519739" title="Dębiany, Pińczów County">
Dębiany, Pińczów County

Dębiany is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyce, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Działoszyce, south of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519741" title="Dębowiec, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Dębowiec, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Dębowiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyce, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519742" title="Dziekanowice, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Dziekanowice, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Dziekanowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyce, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Działoszyce, south-west of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519744" title="Dzierążnia, Pińczów County">
Dzierążnia, Pińczów County

Dzierążnia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyce, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Działoszyce, south-west of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519745" title="Dziewięczyce">
Dziewięczyce

Dziewięczyce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyce, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Działoszyce, south-west of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519749" title="Jed (given name)">
Jed (given name)

Jed is a masculine given name.
Notable people bearing this name include: 
Politicians:
Athletes:
Fictional characters:
Other:

</doc>
<doc id="19519750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519750" title="Gaik, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Gaik, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Gaik is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyce, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Działoszyce, south of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519751" title="Iżykowice">
Iżykowice

Iżykowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyce, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Działoszyce, south-west of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519754" title="Jakubowice, Pińczów County">
Jakubowice, Pińczów County

Jakubowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyce, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Działoszyce, south-west of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519756" title="Sindre Guldvog">
Sindre Guldvog

Sindre Guldvog (born 21 March 1955) is a Norwegian publisher.
He was born in Trondheim, and graduated as siv.øk. in 1977. From 1988 he was the CEO of the publishing house J.W. Cappelens Forlag. When Cappelen merged with Damm in 2007, Tom Harald Jenssen became the CEO of the new company Cappelen Damm. Guldvog was also chair of the Norwegian Publishers Association from 1996 to 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="19519757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519757" title="Januszowice, Pińczów County">
Januszowice, Pińczów County

Januszowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyce, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Działoszyce, south-west of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519758" title="Jastrzębniki">
Jastrzębniki

Jastrzębniki may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19519759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519759" title="Jastrzębniki, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Jastrzębniki, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Jastrzębniki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyce, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Działoszyce, south-west of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519763" title="Ksawerów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Ksawerów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Ksawerów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyce, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Działoszyce, south-west of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519765" title="Kujawki, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Kujawki, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Kujawki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyce, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Działoszyce, south-west of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519766" title="Kwaszyn">
Kwaszyn

Kwaszyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyce, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Działoszyce, south-west of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519769" title="Lipówka, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Lipówka, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Lipówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyce, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Działoszyce, south-west of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519771" title="Marianów, Pińczów County">
Marianów, Pińczów County

Marianów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyce, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Działoszyce, south-west of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519773" title="Niewiatrowice">
Niewiatrowice

Niewiatrowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyce, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Działoszyce, south-west of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519777" title="Opatkowice, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Opatkowice, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Opatkowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyce, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Działoszyce, south-west of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519779" title="Pierocice">
Pierocice

Pierocice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyce, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519780" title="Podrózie">
Podrózie

Podrózie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyce, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Działoszyce, south-west of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519782" title="Sancygniów">
Sancygniów

Sancygniów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyce, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Działoszyce, south-west of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 260.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519783" title="Stępocice">
Stępocice

Stępocice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyce, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Działoszyce, south-west of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519786" title="Sudół, Pińczów County">
Sudół, Pińczów County

Sudół is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyce, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Działoszyce, south of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519787" title="Świerczyna, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Świerczyna, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Świerczyna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyce, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Działoszyce, south-west of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519788" title="Sypów">
Sypów

Sypów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyce, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Działoszyce, south-west of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519789" title="Szczotkowice">
Szczotkowice

Szczotkowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyce, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Działoszyce, south-west of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519790" title="Szyszczyce, Pińczów County">
Szyszczyce, Pińczów County

Szyszczyce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyce, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Działoszyce, south-west of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519791" title="Teodorów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Teodorów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Teodorów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyce, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Działoszyce, south-west of Pińczów, and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519793" title="Wola Knyszyńska">
Wola Knyszyńska

Wola Knyszyńska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyce, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Działoszyce, south-west of Pińczów, and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519794" title="Wolica, Pińczów County">
Wolica, Pińczów County

Wolica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyce, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Działoszyce, south-west of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519795" title="Wymysłów, Gmina Działoszyce">
Wymysłów, Gmina Działoszyce

Wymysłów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyce, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies exactly north-west of Działoszyce, south-west of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519797" title="Zagaje Dębiańskie">
Zagaje Dębiańskie

Zagaje Dębiańskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyce, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Działoszyce, south of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519798" title="Zagórze, Pińczów County">
Zagórze, Pińczów County

Zagórze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyce, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Działoszyce, south-west of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519806" title="Borczyn">
Borczyn

Borczyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kije, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Kije, north of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519807" title="Czechów">
Czechów

Czechów may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19519808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519808" title="Czechów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Czechów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Czechów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kije, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Kije, north-east of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519809" title="Gartatowice">
Gartatowice

Gartatowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kije, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Kije, north-east of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519810" title="Gołuchów">
Gołuchów

Gołuchów may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19519811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519811" title="Gołuchów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Gołuchów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Gołuchów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kije, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Kije, north-east of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519813" title="Górki, Pińczów County">
Górki, Pińczów County

Górki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kije, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Kije, north of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519815" title="Hajdaszek">
Hajdaszek

Hajdaszek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kije, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Kije, north of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519817" title="Janów, Pińczów County">
Janów, Pińczów County

Janów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kije, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Kije, north-east of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519819" title="Kije, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Kije, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Kije is a village in Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Kije. It lies approximately north of Pińczów and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519821" title="Kliszów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Kliszów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Kliszów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kije, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Kije, north of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has an approximate population of 260. A decisive battle of the Great Northern War between Saxony-Poland-Lithuania and the Swedish Empire, the Battle of Kliszów, was fought near the village.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519823" title="Lipnik, Pińczów County">
Lipnik, Pińczów County

Lipnik is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kije, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Kije, north-east of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519825" title="Rębów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Rębów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Rębów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kije, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Kije, north of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519827" title="Samostrzałów">
Samostrzałów

Samostrzałów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kije, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Kije, north-east of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 216.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519828" title="Indonesia Super League">
Indonesia Super League

Indonesia Super League (ISL) (Indonesian: "Liga Super Indonesia") is the highest level competition for football clubs in Indonesia. This competition is managed by "PT Liga Indonesia". It was once the replaced with the rival Indonesian Premier League as the top level competition from 2011 to 2013, after which the ISL would once again emerge as the top level competition following the disbandment of the IPL. The opening song in ISL is Bola Bola (Ball Ball) by Indonesian rock band Slank.
Stadium and locations (2013 season).
Stadiums (2013 season).
Primary venues used in the Indonesia Super League:
ISL U-21.
Building and managing a complete U-21 team is one of the requirements for clubs participating in the ISL. Those U-21 teams will participate in the Indonesia Super League U-21 which is held in parallel with the main competition. In 2009-10, Persib Bandung U-21 team won the league, then Persela U-21 won the title two years in a row (2011 & 2012).
Championship history.
Before 2008, the highest level of professional soccer competition in Indonesia was the Premier Division. It used the combination format of "double round-robin" first round and "single eliminations" second round. Indonesia Super League uses the "double round-robin" competition format.
Considering only these two ISL editions, Persipura Jayapura is considered as the best achieving clubs, since they could finish the first and second position consecutively. Considering the whole history of top level of professional soccer league in Indonesia, Persebaya Surabaya, Persik Kediri along with Persipura Jayapura are the best achievers, winning the competitions twice.
Television broadcasting.
2011-2013.
2012-2013 season, ISL broadcast by two television station from VIVA Group (tvOne and antv).
can be seen via the internet
Foreign players.
The first edition of ISL used the same format for foreign players as the previous edition of top layer league in Indonesia, which allows club to have 4 foreign players from any countries without further restrictions. Only 3 of them are allowed to play together in a match.
Since the 2014 edition, Indonesian FA has applied a new restriction as known as "3+1" format, in which at least 1 of 4 foreign players in every club are originated from Asian countries. Furthermore, those foreign players need to conform with the following condition:
In 2010-2011 edition, Indonesian FA introduced a new restriction regarding registration of new foreign players from African countries. Players from African countries who have never played before in Indonesia Super League shall be an international player for his country. The respective players have to show formal evidences that they have played for their country in official FIFA matches. Players failed to show such evidences will not get permit to play in Indonesia Super League 2010-2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19519831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519831" title="Stawiany, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Stawiany, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Stawiany is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kije, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Kije, north-east of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519833" title="Umianowice">
Umianowice

Umianowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kije, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Kije, north of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519835" title="Wierzbica, Pińczów County">
Wierzbica, Pińczów County

Wierzbica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kije, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Kije, north of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519836" title="Włoszczowice">
Włoszczowice

Włoszczowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kije, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Kije, north-east of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519838" title="Wola Żydowska">
Wola Żydowska

Wola Żydowska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kije, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Kije, north-east of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519840" title="Wymysłów, Gmina Kije">
Wymysłów, Gmina Kije

Wymysłów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kije, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Kije, north-east of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519841" title="Żydówek">
Żydówek

Żydówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kije, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Kije, north-east of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519848" title="Góry, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Góry, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Góry is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Michałów, south-west of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519850" title="Jelcza Mała">
Jelcza Mała

Jelcza Mała is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Michałów, south-west of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519851" title="Jelcza Wielka">
Jelcza Wielka

Jelcza Wielka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Michałów, south-west of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519852" title="Karolów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Karolów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Karolów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Michałów, south-west of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519853" title="Kołków">
Kołków

Kołków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Michałów, south-west of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519855" title="Michałów, Pińczów County">
Michałów, Pińczów County

Michałów is a village in Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Michałów. It lies approximately south-west of Pińczów and south of the regional capital Kielce.
Michałów State Stud is the largest Arabian horse farm in Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519856" title="Pawłowice, Pińczów County">
Pawłowice, Pińczów County

Pawłowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Michałów, south-west of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519857" title="Polichno, Pińczów County">
Polichno, Pińczów County

Polichno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Michałów, south-west of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519858" title="Przecławka">
Przecławka

Przecławka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Michałów, south-west of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519859" title="Sadkówka">
Sadkówka

Sadkówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Michałów, south-west of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519863" title="Sędowice, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Sędowice, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Sędowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Michałów, west of Pińczów, and south-west of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519865" title="Tomaszów, Pińczów County">
Tomaszów, Pińczów County

Tomaszów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Michałów, south-west of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519866" title="Tur Dolny">
Tur Dolny

Tur Dolny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Michałów, west of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519867" title="Tur Górny">
Tur Górny

Tur Górny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Michałów, west of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519868" title="Tur-Piaski">
Tur-Piaski

Tur-Piaski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Michałów, west of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519870" title="Węchadłów">
Węchadłów

Węchadłów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Michałów, south-west of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519871" title="Wrocieryż">
Wrocieryż

Wrocieryż is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Michałów, west of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519874" title="Zagajów, Pińczów County">
Zagajów, Pińczów County

Zagajów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Michałów, south-west of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519875" title="Zagajówek">
Zagajówek

Zagajówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Michałów, south-west of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519876" title="Zawale Niegosławskie">
Zawale Niegosławskie

Zawale Niegosławskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19519881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519881" title="Olav Gullvåg">
Olav Gullvåg

Olav Gullvåg (31 December 1885 - 25 September 1961) was a Norwegian playwright, novelist, poet and editor.
He was born in Trondheim. He worked as editor-in-chief of "Søndmøre Folkeblad" from 1911 to 1912, "Norig" from 1912 to 1921 and "Gula Tidend" from 1921 to 1929. From 1920 to 1926 he was the chairman of the Young Liberals of Norway, the youth wing of the Liberal Party.
He published several novels, plays and poems, including the Saint Olav Drama composed in 1930 and staged annually in Stiklestad since 1954. His novels include the cycle of books from the history of the Telemark county which take place in the 18th century; these were extraordinarily successful especially abroad (they were translated into Swedish, Danish, Icelandic, Norwegian, German, Russian, Dutch, French, Czech, Hungarian and Latvian). In 1938 he was awarded the Melsom-Prisen for his first Telemark novel "Det byrja ei jonsoknatt".
His son was the philosopher Ingemund Gullvåg (1925 – 1998).

</doc>
<doc id="19519893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519893" title="Praproše">
Praproše

Praproše (, in some sources also "Praproče") is a settlement in the Municipality of Radovljica in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="19519898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519898" title="Pediamenopet">
Pediamenopet

Pediamenopet, also: Padiamenopea, Petamenophis, Padiamenope, Padiamenipet or Petamenofi, was the original resident of the tomb TT33 located at el-Assasif, in Egypt's Theban Necropolis. His tomb is the largest non-royal site in the necropolis.
Padiamenopea was a chief lector priest. He served one or more pharaohs during the 25th and 26th dynasties, and he amassed enough wealth and power to build a labyrinthine tomb covered with hundreds of meters of frescoes and hieroglyphs.
Tomb.
Pediamenopet’s burial site, designated as TT33, was deemed to be of interest since Egyptologists uncovered it in the 19th century. It is located near the Nile river on the site of Deir el-Bahari and is larger than those of the famous pharaohs of the necropolis.
TT33 has 22 rooms connected by long corridors and deep shafts. It is spread over 3 levels descending to 20 meters below ground level, and includes numerous hieroglyphic scripts.
During 2004–2005, University of Strasbourg professor Dr. Claude Traunecker explored the chambers of the huge tomb. The official reopening was attended by notable officials from Egypt's Supreme Council of Antiquities and by other archaeologists working in the area, among them Francesco Tiradritti. Further planned work will concentrate on the cleaning, restoration and conservation of the "Tomb 33" which has been engraved with many important writings, such as the "Book of the Dead".

</doc>
<doc id="19519904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519904" title="Jahanuma">
Jahanuma

Jahanuma is a populated area in Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh.
The Falaknuma Palace, Falaknuma Railway Station and Falaknuma Bus Depot are located in this area.
It is claimed that Jahanuma was built by the sister of Nawab who built Falaknuma Palace after the Palace was built. Mir Wajid Ali Aejaz, a lawyer by profession and founder of Good Faith High Schools, remains one of the most notable people in this area involved in many social activities irrespective of religion and caste.
The area is populated mostly by Muslims. Hyderabadi Urdu is spoken throughout. There are more than 50 Masjids in the area and comes in Bahadurpura constituency. This area is considered to be greener than adjacent localities and with lot of speedbreakers.

</doc>
<doc id="19519911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519911" title="Włochy (disambiguation)">
Włochy (disambiguation)

Włochy is a district of Warsaw.
Włochy may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19519918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519918" title="Renato Netson Benatti">
Renato Netson Benatti

Renato Netson Benatti (born October 17, 1981) is a Brazil football player who played for Chunnam Dragons, Esporte Clube Juventude, UD Almería, Associação Naval 1º de Maio and Esporte Clube Juventude.

</doc>
<doc id="19519921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519921" title="Johan Lausen Bull">
Johan Lausen Bull

Johan Lausen Bull (1751–1817) was a Norwegian jurist and politician.
He was born in Stod, as the brother of Johan Randulf Bull. He took the jurist examination in Copenhagen in 1776, and worked as district stipendiary magistrate ("sorenskriver") in Sundmøre from 1779 to 1798. He was then "president of the magistrate" in Christianssand from 1798 to 1802 and in Christiania from 1802 to 1815. The "magistrates" in Norwegian cities were forerunners of the city council, which was introduced with elected councillors in 1837.

</doc>
<doc id="19519926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519926" title="List of adventive wild plants in Israel">
List of adventive wild plants in Israel

List of adventive wild plants in Israel refers to species of vascular plants in Israel that were either introduced there by human activity or are of a cultivated origin, and meet at least one of the following criteria:
The first table lists species which are unquestionably non-indigenous to Israel; a second table lists species whose native distribution in Israel is questionable. 

</doc>
<doc id="19519931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519931" title="Bill Ortega">
Bill Ortega

William Ortega Bobadilla (born July 24, 1975 in Havana, Cuba) is a former Major League Baseball player. Ortega played in five games for the St. Louis Cardinals in the 2001 season, all as a pinch hitter. He batted and threw right-handed.
Signed by St. Louis as an amateur free agent in 1997, Ortega was an outfielder in the minor leagues. In his five major league pinch-hitting appearances, Ortega had one hit in five at-bats.

</doc>
<doc id="19519948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519948" title="Wolseley Eight">
Wolseley Eight

The Wolseley Eight was a four door, light saloon car produced by Wolseley Motors from 1946 to 1948. It was based on the Morris Eight Series E and also shared many body panels with the MG Y-type. At the time it was said to be Lord Nuffield's favourite car. The car was designed before World War II and was originally intended to have been launched in 1940. In line with the prevailing economic directives from the United Kingdom government, the majority of cars were exported.
Although based on the 1938 Morris Eight, the car was given a very different external appearance by having a traditional Wolseley bonnet and grille and the boot lid was bottom rather than top hinged. The engine was converted from the side valve original to an overhead valve type and the power output consequently increased from the original to . The suspension was non-independent and used half elliptic leaf springs front and rear and the brakes were drums all round, hydraulically actuated. The electrical system was 6 volt.
The car had an up-market interior with leather upholstery, pile carpets and walnut trim. Another traditional feature was an opening windscreen. At launch the car was priced at £416, £115 more than the Morris.

</doc>
<doc id="19519950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519950" title="Sivert Andreas Nielsen (1916–2004)">
Sivert Andreas Nielsen (1916–2004)

Sivert Andreas Nielsen (24 November 1916 – 17 March 2004) was a Norwegian diplomat, civil servant, state secretary and banker. He is known for shaping Norwegian defence policy in the 1950s, and as ambassador to the United Nations.
Early life and career.
He was born in Copenhagen as a son of professor Konrad Nielsen (1875–1953) and his wife Gudrun Agnes Augusta Müller (1889–1954). He was a paternal grandson of politician Sivert Andreas Nielsen. The family moved to Vettakollen when Nielsen was one year old. He finished his secondary education in 1934, and graduated with the cand.jur. degree in 1940. He also fought in the Norwegian Campaign of the same year. During the subsequent German occupation of Norway, he was arrested by the Nazi occupant authorities in 1941. He was imprisoned at Møllergata 19 from 2 April to 28 June 1941, and then in Grini concentration camp until 15 November. He was then incarcerated in Sachsenhausen concentration camp until March 1945. In December 1945 he married Harriet Eyde (1922–1986).
Later career.
After the war he served as a diplomat to the United Nations from 1946 to 1948 and to the United States from 1948 to 1950. Among others, he helped shape and write the North Atlantic Treaty which was ratified in 1949. He then worked in the Ministry of Defence, as assistant secretary from 1950, deputy under-secretary of state from 1952 and State Secretary from 1955 to 1958. In the latter position he was a part of the third cabinet Gerhardsen; however he was not a member of the Norwegian Labour Party. In his time it was speculated that he was offered a government minister position, but this never happened. From 1958 to 1966 he returned as Norwegian ambassador to the United Nations. During this period, Norway was a member of the Security Council in 1963 and 1964.
From 1966 to 1976 he worked as a banker. He was also the chair of the Norwegian Agency for Development Cooperation from 1969 to 1974. He was decorated as a Knight of the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav in 1964, and died in March 2004 in Oslo.

</doc>
<doc id="19519956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519956" title="Lucky Thirteen (House)">
Lucky Thirteen (House)

"Lucky Thirteen" is the fifth episode of the fifth season of "House" and the ninety-first episode overall. It aired on October 21, 2008.
Plot.
Spencer (Angela Gots), a woman with whom Thirteen is having a one-night stand, has a seizure at Thirteen's apartment. Thirteen accompanies her to Princeton-Plainsboro Teaching Hospital where House and the team take the case. House remains more concerned with Thirteen's confirmed bisexuality and finds the situation a good opportunity to delve into her personal life. House and Foreman go to Thirteen's apartment to search for drugs that might have caused Spencer's illness.
Thirteen suspects that the woman's illness is related to her drug use, but she then finds out that the woman has a long medical history and has seen several doctors over the past few years, along with the fact that she only slept with Thirteen to get to House, who would not accept her as a patient after she had been trying to see him for over a year. Foreman tells Thirteen what he found at her house. It's a slip of paper that shows Thirteen's Huntington's progressing faster than she thought it was. He also confronts her about her current hard-partying lifestyle, warning her that it is sending her life and job into a downward spiral.
After Cuddy catches Thirteen with a terrible hangover, she wants her to do a drug test. After preventing this, House fires Thirteen for missing the differential diagnoses. Despite being technically unemployed and off the case, Thirteen remains at the hospital. When it is determined Spencer's illness, Lymphangioleiomyomatosis, is fatal, Thirteen volunteers to tell her, saying that no one should hear such a death sentence from the cold, uncaring House. Later, House has a brainstorm and asks Thirteen if Spencer cried when she heard the bad news. Thirteen says no. House then determines the true cause of the girl's illness based upon her inability to produce tears, a symptom of her illness, candidiasis (a fungal infection) secondary to Sjögren's syndrome, an autoimmune disorder in which immune cells destroy exocrine glands that produce tears and saliva.
When Thirteen is able to prove her loyalties at the end of the episode House rehires her, although Thirteen discovers that firing her was merely a game of House's to see if she would grow close with the patient. At the end of the episode, Thirteen continues with her risky habits, partying with another woman.
It is also revealed that Cuddy is adopting a baby, after House follows Wilson to a baby store and sees her there. When House learns that Cuddy had Wilson be her character reference for the adoption agency, House refuses to congratulate her, using for the second time in the episode, "If you're happy, I'm..." and then walking away.
Music.
Songs featured in this episode include "Cheap and Cheerful" by The Kills, "Could We Survive" by Joseph Arthur, and "Dark Road" by Annie Lennox.

</doc>
<doc id="19519996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519996" title="William Cottnam Tonge">
William Cottnam Tonge

William Cottnam Tonge (April 29, 1764 – August 6, 1832) was a judge and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Hants County from 1793 to 1799 and from 1806 to 1811 and Newport township from 1799 to 1806 in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly.
He was born in Windsor, Nova Scotia, the son of Winckworth Tonge and Martha Grace Cottnam. He was trained as an attorney and served as deputy to his father, Nova Scotia's naval officer; he succeeded his father in that post in 1792. Tonge also was named a justice of the peace and served as judge in the Inferior Court of Common Pleas for Hants County. In 1793, he married Elizabeth Bonnell. Tonge suffered financial losses and was forced to sell much of the family property. Although he was able to secure some military contracts, his attempts to improve his finances through patronage were blocked by the lieutenant governor John Wentworth. In 1799, Tonge was elected in a Halifax County seat as well as in Hants County; his election was overturned because he held no property there and Michael Wallace, a supporter of Wentworth, was declared elected. Tonge became the centre of a dispute between the lieutenant governor and the assembly over control of expenditures in the province in the legislative session that followed. In 1805, he became speaker following the resignation of Richard John Uniacke from that post. In 1806, Wentworth dismissed Tonge from his post as provincial naval officer. Tonge's attempts to have himself reinstated were unsuccessful. However, the conflicts between Wentworth and the assembly led to the lieutenant governor being replaced in 1808. Later that year, George Prevost, the new lieutenant governor, named Tonge deputy commissary general for a military expedition to the West Indies. He later settled in Georgetown, Guyana, where he died at the age of 68.
His daughter Grizelda Elizabeth Cottnam Tonge became a well-known local poet of the time.

</doc>
<doc id="19519997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19519997" title="Sivert Andreas Nielsen (1823–1904)">
Sivert Andreas Nielsen (1823–1904)

Sivert Andreas Nielsen (8 October 1823 - 18 August 1904) was a Norwegian politician for the Liberal Party.
He was born in Brønnøy.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1859. He was not re-elected in 1861, but returned in 1865 to serve twelve more terms. When political parties were introduced in the 1880s, Nielsen joined the Liberal Party. He served four terms as President of the Storting.

</doc>
<doc id="19520005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520005" title="Sivert Andreas Nielsen">
Sivert Andreas Nielsen

Sivert Andreas Nielsen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19520006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520006" title="Cromarty Bridge">
Cromarty Bridge

The Cromarty Bridge is a road bridge over the Cromarty Firth in Scotland.
History.
Design.
It joins a junction with the B9163 to the south in Ross and Cromarty with a junction with the A862 to the north at Ardullie Point. The bridge can clearly be seen from the north from the Far North Line.
Construction.
The £4.5 million contract for the bridge was awarded in November 1976 from the Scottish Development Department. 
The parapets were built by of Hi-Fab Ltd of Muir of Ord. The waterproofing was by Sifran Civil Engineering Ltd of Stourbridge. The site investigation was by Wimpey Laboratories of Broxburn, West Lothian.
A temporary structure was pushed out over the bridge piers, and from this, five pre-stressed concrete beams were placed between each pier. The temporary structure was removed and the road deck made with concrete.
Opening.
It was opened from the southern end on 12 April 1979. It became part of the A9 in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="19520039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520039" title="2009 Budweiser Shootout">
2009 Budweiser Shootout

The 2009 Budweiser Shootout was a special non-points race that officially opened the 2009 NASCAR Sprint Cup Series season on Saturday night, February 7 of that year at the Daytona International Speedway in Daytona Beach, Florida. The race was btelecast by Fox, with radio broadcasting being done by Motor Racing Network (over-the-air) and Sirius XM Radio. Kevin Harvick won the race in a very similar finish to that of the 2007 Daytona 500, which was also won by Harvick.
Format change.
Pole winners to manufacturers.
In previous years, the InBev sponsorship of the pole position for the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series allowed previous winners of the pole position in time trials of all races not cancelled due to weather to compete in a race. When Molson Coors took over title sponsorship of these events, the company was forced to make a change for the 2009 event.
The new format, announced in August of 2008 by the Belgium brewer and sponsor of the race, will reward manufacturers of the automobiles in the top stock car series in the United States – Chevrolet, Dodge, Ford and Toyota – to place the top six teams for each of their brands based on the final 2008 Owners Points standings.
On January 16, 2009, it was announced that each manufacturer would receive a "wild card" entry to be awarded to the most recent Sprint Cup champion that had attempted to qualify for every race in the preceding year. If no driver qualifies for the wild card, it is awarded to the next car in owner's points for each manufacturer.
The results:
Race format change.
Also altered for the 2009 race was the number of laps being run. The first segment, previously 20 laps () became a 25-lap () segment. The second segment of 50 laps () and other elements (such as the blind draw invert for the pole position) remained unchanged.

</doc>
<doc id="19520066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520066" title="Fiducia IT AG">
Fiducia IT AG

Fiducia IT AG is a German IT-service provider. The company is the largest among its kind in the co-operative financial association (FinanzGruppe). Its core business is financial IT-services for the co-operative banks. However, among Fiducia’s customers are also banks from the private banking sector, public institutions, and free enterprises. In 2011, Fiducia achieved a turnover of 708,000,000.00 Euros and operated its banking software for 760 banks. 
Fiducia’s headquarters is situated in Karlsruhe with a branch in Aschheim, Munich. According to the number of employees, Fiducia is the third largest employer in the private sector in Karlsruhe, after Siemens and EnBW.
agree is one of the standardised software solutions offered by Fiducia IT AG. It is an integrated whole banking software solution that offers multi-client. Since June 25, 2007, agree is used by all Fiducia supported co-operative banks. Therefore, it is the most widespread banking system in Germany. 
“Fiducia” is Latin and means “trust” and “reliability”. 
Structure.
Subsidiary Companies.
Among the subsidiaries of Fiducia include:
Investments.
Fiducia the stakes in the following companies:
Service Offer.
Banksystem agree.
By the Fiducia developed and supervised banking system agree is a modular total banking procedures on the basis of the former NBS banking system and emerged in the wake of the consolidation of systems GEBOS predecessor, cooperatives and RUBIN. To mark the Fiducia agree counts not only the backend systems in the computer system and the front end "job bank agree" (agree BAP) to Java Web Start technology but also other services and software products. This includes both additional application programs such as COSMOS, analyzes and agree VR Control as well as training and offers training for bank employees.
Processing Centre.
By the Fiducia developed and supervised banking system agree is a modular total banking procedures on the basis of the former NBS banking system and emerge in the wake of the consolidation of systems GEBOS predecessor, cooperatives and RUBIN. To mark the Fiducia agree counts not only the backend systems into the computer system and the front end "job bank agree" (agree BAP) to Java Web Start technology but also other services and software products . This includes both additional application programs such as COSMOS, Analyzer and agree Control Board as well as training and offers training for bank employees.
Data Processing.
("Stand 31. Dezember 2007"):
Internet & Telephone Services VR-Web.
The Fiducia is also the operator of the Internet service provider VR-Web. VR-Web is an online service for home users. The main target group of VR-Web are customers and employees of economics and Raiffeisen banks and other cooperative institutions. VR-Web offers Internet access with different rates, including both time, as well as volume and flat-rate tariffs. By offering VR-Web phone also offers the Fiducia tariffs for telephone calls to landline.
Giropay.
Together with the Postbank, the Star Financial, and the GAD is the founder of Fiducia giropay GmbH, suppliers of homonym online payment process. The Fiducia is also, together with GAD, for the technical and operational implementation of the payment procedure for the cooperative banks.
Printing und Mailing.
The Printing and mailing services include the Fiducia individual pressure and Kuvertierleistungen including shipping, electronic signature, archiving and invoice receipt processing.
As of 31 December 2006 Fiducia operates for 1,300 customers
In 2006, approximately 154 million pages (including bank statements) and 118 million printed letters enveloped and sent.
Sponsoring.
The Fiducia IT AG is the main and title sponsor of the Baden-marathon s. In addition, the company is sponsoring the Karlsruher SC since the 2005/2006 season and the open-air event "Classic at the tower."

</doc>
<doc id="19520071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520071" title="Charvet (fabric)">
Charvet (fabric)

This weave is based on the "Régence" weave, a kind of reps with all weft raised on the backside, which was popular during the regency of Philippe II, Duke of Orléans (lasting from 1715 to 1723). In the United States, at the end of the 19th century, the term was used in a broader sense, to describe either fabrics "extremely dainty in construction and effect" or silk shirtings. Since the beginning of the 20th century, the weave is rather found in solid fabrics for semi formal wear. 
By extension, the term is also used in knitting for a certain kind of bias striping, going up from left to right.

</doc>
<doc id="19520079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520079" title="Ernie Jones (footballer born 1920)">
Ernie Jones (footballer born 1920)

William Ernest Arthur "Ernie" Jones (12 November 1920 – 2002) was a professional footballer who played for Swansea Town, Tottenham Hotspur, Southampton, Bristol City, Rhyl and represented Wales at national level.
Football career.
Jones was born in Cwmbwrla and began his football career as an amateur at Bolton Wanderers before joining Swansea Town in October 1943. He made 37 appearances and scored three times for the club in the 1946–47 season. The free scoring winger transferred to Tottenham Hotspur in October 1947 for a £7000 fee. He went on to appear in 57 matches and found the net on 16 occasions in all competitions between 1947 and 1948.
He left Spurs in May 1949 to join Southampton in a transfer deal which involved Alf Ramsey, where he featured in 44 games and scoring on four occasions. In November 1951 he transferred to Bristol City as a player/coach and played a further 50 matches and netting seven times between 1951 and 1954. Jones ended his senior career at Rhyl in the position of player/manager.
International career.
Jones played on four occasions for the Welsh national side.
After football.
After his football career ended, Jones settled in Bolton where he was employed by Hawker Siddeley. He died in November 2002

</doc>
<doc id="19520088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520088" title="BL 8 inch Mk I – VII naval gun">
BL 8 inch Mk I – VII naval gun

The BL 8 inch guns Mark I to Mark VII were the first generations of British breech-loaders of medium-heavy calibre. They were initially designed for gunpowder propellants and were of both 25.5 and 30 calibres lengths.
History.
Mks I and II were several early proof guns that did not enter British service and Mk V was not made. Limited numbers of 25.5 and 30 calibres guns were produced.
By 1885 the Royal Navy abandoned the 8-inch gun in favour of the 9.2 inch and later the 7.5 inch gun for cruisers, until 1923 when the restrictions of the Washington Naval Treaty led Britain to develop the Mk VIII 8-inch gun in order to arm heavy cruisers with the largest gun allowed by the Treaty.
In the interim Elswick Ordnance continued to develop 8-inch guns in 40 calibre and 45-calibre lengths for export, mainly to Japan.
Mark III.
Mk III were low-powered 25-calibres guns mounted on :
Mark IV.
Mk IV were 30-calibres guns mounted in :
Mark VI.
Mk VI were 30 calibres guns mounted in :
Mark VII.
Mk VII were lighter 25-calibres low-powered guns firing a lighter 180-pound projectile used to equip Australian colonial navies and Australian and New Zealand coastal defences in response to expected Russian expansionism in the Pacific (The "Russian scares" of the 1880s).
Naval service.
Mk VII guns armed the following Australian colonial gun vessels :
<br style="clear:left;" >
Coast defence gun.
Mk VII guns were installed on disappearing mountings in Australia and New Zealand as coast-defence guns during the "Russian scares" of the 1880s. In the event, no Russian invasion occurred and the guns were rarely if ever fired.
Four Mk VII coast defence guns were installed at Singapore in the 1880s-1890s : two atop Mount Serapong and two at Fort Tanjong Katong.
<br style="clear:left;" >

</doc>
<doc id="19520098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520098" title="Proto (album)">
Proto (album)

Proto is the second album by Irish musician Leo O'Kelly. It was originally planned for November 2002 but was released on February 4, 2003 by Clarinda & 1st. It contains a collection of previously unreleased tracks recorded from May 1975 to 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19520102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520102" title="Złota, Pińczów County">
Złota, Pińczów County

Złota is a village in Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Złota. It lies approximately south of Pińczów and south of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has an approximate population of 960.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520111" title="United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees Representation in Cyprus">
United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees Representation in Cyprus

The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees Representation in Cyprus is an office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) opened in August 1974 upon the request of the Government of Cyprus and the Secretary-General of the United Nations. UNHCR Representation in Cyprus was designated as Coordinator of the United Nations Humanitarian Assistance for Cyprus.
Parallel to the above, UNHCR was also responsible upon the request of the Cyprus Government to examine applications for refugee status.
Simultaneously, UNHCR assisted the Government in developing their national legislation and procedure for the examination of asylum claims. The law came into life in 2000 and in January 2002 the Cyprus Government started receiving and processing asylum applications.
The UNHCR Representation in Cyprus offices are located in the United Nations Protected Area (UNPA), where the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus (UNFICYP) is based. Access to UNPA is restricted and tightly controlled by UNFIYP, through check points and other forms of surveillance.
History.
1974–1997.
UNHCR has been assisting in Cyprus since 1974. At the request of the Government of Cyprus (GoC) and the United Nations Secretary General (UN-SG), UNHCR operated programs for internally displaced persons (IDP) till 1998. This assistance included provision of housing and small industries as well as promotion of projects and bi-communal activities, in order to remedy the shortages created due to population displacements and to encourage co-operation between Greek Cypriots and Turkish Cypriots towards a unified approach as regards issues of common concern. This function lasted till 1997.
Since its establishment in 1974 and until June 1998, the UNHCR Representation in Cyprus office received a small number of applications for refugee status per year. In 1998, however, boats with persons claiming fear for their lives or serious violations of their human rights in their countries of origin started arriving in Cyprus asking for asylum.
1998–2002.
Since 1998, UNHCR Cyprus has worked on its regular mandate (international refugees), as the designated authority charged with supervising the implementation of the 1951 Refugee Convention. The UN General Assembly (UN-GA) Resolution establishing UNHCR, as well as the 1951 Refugee Convention (that is binding on the Cyprus Republic), call for cooperation between the Governments and the UNHCR.
During that period, UNHCR Representation in Cyprus was heavily concentrated in supporting the efforts of the GoC to develop an asylum system and an asylum space in Cyprus. Since 1998 till 2002 UNHCR simultaneously undertook Refugee Status Determination (RSD), resettled the recognized refugees in other countries, assisted in the drafting of the national refugee legislation, assisted in the configuration of the required institutions for its implementation, and trained such institutions.
In 2002 the GoC started undertaking RSD on its own. The first Refugee Law enacted in Parliament in 2000 has been amended in 2002, 2004, 2005 and 2007 by transposing the EU directives aiming at harmonising the asylum space in the EU along common minimum standards. UNHCR has closely advised in the process of transposing each of these directives through direct guidance to the drafters (being the Asylum Service or the Attorney General office), as well as in the process of amending laws that should include sections on refugees.
2002 – today.
UNHCR Cyprus undertakes RSD training each time new Eligibility Officers (EO) are recruited at the Asylum Service (thereafter AS) and Reviewing Authority (thereafter RA –an independent body). In addition, it trains cadets in the police academy twice a year as well as holding refreshment sessions for immigration police once a year. Advice on individual cases and on-the-job training are also part of the UNHCR training activities.
UNHCR contributed to the development of the European Refugee Fund (ERF -managed by the Ministry of Interior) annual and multi-annual strategy for Cyprus and participated in the selection committee for ERF project awards in 2005 and 2006. In 2006, it undertook the training of civil servants coming in contact with asylum seekers and refugees, and the training of teachers on asylum as a human right in the context of a project on European citizenship.
UNHCR has closely advised the AS and the RA in particular towards sound policy and practice towards applicants from Iraq and Palestine in light of the particular current circumstances.
UNHCR assisted in the transposition of the EU directive on the minimum standards for the reception conditions (transposed in December 2005), the transposition of the EU qualifications directive (transposed in July 2006), and of the EU procedures directive. This process entailed the provision of a written commentary on the draft law, presenting views in the various sessions as called by the Parliament, providing written statements to the Parliament when these are necessary to complement the oral statements, conducting sessions with members of the committees as requested. Similar tasks have been performed in regards to other minor directives and amendments to national legislation related to asylum (such as the public allowance law and the legal aid law).
UNHCR also conducts surveys regarding the situation of persons of concern. 
In 2004, the office conducted several meetings with refugees residing in Cyprus and issued a report “The Situation of Refugees in Cyprus from a Refugee Perspective”.
It also undertook a participatory assessment among refugees, persons granted subsidiary protection, and asylum seekers in November 2005. The participatory assessment was updated from June until September 2006 and focused specifically on female refugees and asylum seekers.
UNHCR Representation in Cyprus undertook the following surveys: in the first quarter of 2006 on the use of lawyers by asylum seekers, from September until December on the quality of public allowance among those a/s and refugees who succeed in receiving it, from February through June 2007 on the enjoyment of public allowance and other entitlements by Iraqi refugees and persons granted subsidiary protection and in 2008 on the training needs of refugees and persons granted subsidiary protection.
Recent activities.
World Refugee Day and other public awareness activities
World Refugee Day – 2010.
To mark WRD, the Representation organized a cultural evening which was opened by the First Lady of the Republic of Cyprus and addressed by the President of the Palestinian community in Cyprus who shared her refugee experience. 
Also, young refugees from the Democratic Republic of Congo and Palestinians ex Iraq shared their experience through photos and music. Cypriot students displayed a short theatrical performance which addressed asylum, migration and xenophobia.
The event encouraged the interaction of refugees with the local community and vice versa. Such events tend to enhance the process of integration and the feeling of belonging in the new community. For the local community this was an opportunity to see a different picture of refugees, one which is usually not portrayed by the majority of the media. 
On this year’s World Refugee Day, a special session of the Youth Parliament on the theme “Children Refugees – Children Immigrants – The Cypriot Reality” took place at the House of Representatives. The young parliamentarians presented their findings on issues affecting the children of asylum seekers, recognized refugees and immigrants residing in Cyprus. The special session was the result of a collaboration between the UNHCR and the local NGO Pancyprian Council for Children’s Welfare. Preparations for the session commenced beginning of 2010. All proposals were also passed to the attendees of the special session.
The media coverage was extensive, but concentrated on the results of a rudimentary survey the young MPs made (which showed xenophobic trends) and did not at all mention the proposals made by the young MPs, which in general were calling for the introduction of integration measures.
Open air photographic exhibition: “Refugees: Real People, Real Needs".
In the framework of the 2009 Refugee Day, UNHCR Representation in Cyprus developed a travelling open air photo exhibition called ‘Refugees: Real People, Real Needs’ that was held in the pedestrianized streets of Nicosia, Limassol, Paphos and Larnaca between June 20 and September 3. The images were chosen from a selection of striking refugee related photographs taken by World Press Photo (WPP) international winners with the aim of exposing the public to the events and environments that create refugees.
Not Just Numbers educational kit.
The UNHCR Representation in Cyprus launched the education tool kit on asylum and migration in Europe called ‘Not Just Numbers’ in collaboration with the Ministry of Education and Culture in September 2009. ‘Not Just Numbers’ was designed by the UNHCR and the International Organization for Migration (OIM) to facilitate educators and engage youth and adolescents in an informed debate on issues of asylum, giving them the opportunity to see the human angle of asylum seekers and refugees and not only faceless statistics. More than 27 mandatory training sessions directed at high schools and gymnasium educators have been held by the Representation in all major cities of the island in collaboration with the Ministry of Education and Culture. Simulations and role playing sessions are also organised in the schools with the cooperation of the Ministry of Education.
Assisting refugees in integration mentoring programs.
In addition, the UNHCR Representation in Cyprus has developed a number of mentoring programmes and integration processes: 
"Gimme Shelter" campaign.
An inspirational video clip named ‘Gimme Shelter’ directed by Ben Affleck and filmed by John Toll, depicts the unseen suffering of Congolese families in the conflict-torn North-Kivu region of DRC. The video, that can be viewed online at www.unhcrshelter.org, aims to raise awareness and fundraising for this issue. Further to UNHCR’s request, the film had been shown in Cyprus at K Cineplex movie theatres all over the country an estimated 500 times. It was also played on TV Monitors in all locations EyeLevel Networks serves in.
Protection: What Refugees Need photographic exhibition.
In June 2008, on the occasion of the World Refugee Day, UNHCR Representation in Cyprus launched a photographic exhibition called “Protection: what refugees need”. The aim of the photos – each with a message to be read - is to transmit to the widest possible audience how refugees differ from other population movements including irregular migrants, what the obligations of the Governments are to that end, what UNHCR does in respect of protection and the different aspects of protection in Cyprus and protection worldwide. In some of these photos, people – known and unknown − make the “protecting hand” sign, symbolizing their commitment and support towards the world’s most vulnerable and at the same time making UNHCR’ s logo widely known and synonymous with “refugee protection”. Other photos show destruction that leads to forced displacement as well as internally displaced Cypriots.
“Against All Odds” – Greek Version.
In June 2007, UNHCR Cyprus launched the electronic educational game for youth, "taxidi fygis" in Greek, which was disseminated widely through brochures and workshops at schools. "Taxidi fygis", www.taxidifygis.org.cy, is a reworked version of a Swedish-language game, “Motallaodds”, which was designed by the UNHCR in Stockholm and launched in 2005. It is an interactive online game created to increase students’ awareness and knowledge about refugee situations by putting players in the position of a refugee.
Hope campaign.
In June 2006 UNHCR Cyprus launched the public awareness campaign “Hope" in order to highlight the causes that force people to seek refuge in other countries.This campaign began with the launching of the UNHCR t-shirt “HOPE”, which took place within the framework of the World Refugee Day (WRD) on 20 June 2006. The t-shirt, designed by the well known Cypriot fashion designer Ms Kika Ioannidou, portrays vulnerable human beings (either men or women) who had to flee their country because of fear for their life and are asking for help from those who understand their plea. Ms Kika Ioannidou states: "The red lines are the arms that are bringing the needed help. The yellow suns represent a brighter future with the hope that they will not have to run again from fear, hope that they will find safety, hope that they will manage to rebuild their lives”. The “Hope” T-shirt is available for sale, the proceeds of which will be used for UNHCR’s operations. 
Plans.
In the years to come, UNHCR Cyprus will continue its activities aimed at enhancing the protection space for asylum seekers and refugees. At the same time, it is equally important to continue sharing information, policies and know-how with governmental and non-governmental actors with a view to improve their capacity to respond to the needs of asylum seekers and refugees.
UNHCR Cyprus would like to see more lawyers providing high quality counselling to asylum applicants, either through free legal counselling (as an in-kind contribution) by registered lawyers or through further development of NGO capacity.
It will also pursue more projects to enhance the understanding of the refugee problem among the Cypriot society. Misinformation in the country of asylum will only exacerbate the suffering of refugees, who have already experienced enough pain after having lost their homes and loved ones as a result of who they are or what they believe.
Finally, UNHCR Representation in Cyprus has in addition a mandate to mobilize resources, both for the country field operations as well as for the UNHCR’s operations around the world.
Functions.
Ensure adherence to international refugee law standards.
UNHCR contributes technical and worldwide expertise to the Cypriot Government in the processing of individual examination of applications for asylum, with the aim to ensure that the decisions are in accordance with international human rights standards. For this same purpose, UNHCR partially funds NGOs to provide gender based assistance, as well as legal advice to carefully selected asylum applicants for their appeals and access to the rights granted in the national law.
Government advice.
UNHCR advices the Government by providing comments on related legislative drafts, such as on the transposition of EU directives for the harmonization of the European refugee system.
Training.
UNHCR provides training to actors involved in the protection of refugees (police officers, officers who examine applications for refugee status, lawyers, civil servants responsible for the effective implementation of the related rights, etc.) and advocates for the improvement of the quality of the asylum system.
UNHCR provides legal aid to well selected asylum applicants through a project undertaken by an NGO called Future Worlds Center.
Legal aid became available for asylum seekers and refugees in 2009, subsequent to an amendment of the Legal Aid Law. In particular, the Law now allows for the provision of legal aid in recourses to the Supreme Court against a negative decision by the Asylum Service (before the decision is challenged by the Reviewing Authority), or a negative decision by the Reviewing Authority. Legal aid will only be provided for recourses at a first instance at the Supreme Court, not for subsequent revisory appeals and there must be a possibility of a positive decision on the appeal, i.e. to prove that the applicant has a good case. 
An asylum seeker interested in order to activate an entitlement to legal aid, he/she must submit an application to the District Court. The District Court shall grant the legal aid where two conditions are met: 
(a) a report by the Welfare Office states that the financial situation of the applicant (or the guardian of a dependent applicant) is such, that he/sheis not able to pay their own legal fees and (b) that the case is deemed to be of such a seriousness that it calls for legal aid in the best interests of justice. 
Although provisions for legal aid have been introduced for asylum seekers, the access to legal aid is highly restricted due to the lengthy and legally complex procedure of submitting and assessing the application, which includes proving the applicant has a good case. This renders access to legal aid almost impossible without the assistance of a legal advisor.
Supervision.
As in all countries, UNHCR Cyprus has a supervisory role under the 1951 Refugee Convention in ensuring that the rights of asylum seekers and refugees are duly respected. That means in practice, having access to the asylum procedures, to adequate housing, food, medical treatment and to integration as a long term solution to the refugee plight.
Awareness.
UNHCR informs and sensitizes the public on the problem of refugees around the world, and in Cyprus, by disseminating information to the media, and reviewing media reports on asylum seekers and refugees to ensure accuracy of facts. Public awareness can only have a positive impact on the public understanding.
In order to sensitize the general public in Cyprus towards the refugee cause and to prevent xenophobic attitudes and promote tolerance, UNHCR organises public awareness activities (e.g. photo or other exhibitions, concerts, etc.) In reaching young people, UNHCR promotes school activities and disseminates educational material to educators in co-operation with governmental and non-governmental partners.
Refugee issues in Cyprus.
Cyprus has been a destination for a consistently increasing number of regular and irregular immigrants. According to national sources, the estimated number of irregular migrants in Cyprus is 50,000. Cyprus enacted national refugee legislation in January 2000 and its asylum institutions started conducting Refugee Status Determination (RSD) in 2002. In 2007, 6,789 persons submitted asylum applications and in 2008, 3,922 persons applied for asylum. The number of the asylum-seekers pending to be examined at the end of 2009 was 5,275. Cyprus and Malta rank first among the industrialized countries in the per capita number of asylum applications.
In principle, asylum-seekers are not denied access to Cyprus. Most asylum-seekers, however, do not try to enter the country through official channels, in order to avoid the risk of not being admitted. While the Asylum Service (the first instance body that examines asylum applications and the coordinating body on asylum seekers’ issues) has made considerable progress in setting up the structures and the processes to ensure quality decisions, the reality remains that the number of Eligibility Officers (EOs) against the number of applicants is still objectively insufficient. This is clearly substantiated by the fact that at the end of 2008, there were 8,005 cases pending to be decided.
Other problems related to refugees issues in Cyprus are the following:
Regarding the situation in the north part of Cyprus which the Government of Cyprus does not have de facto control, there are no socio-economic data available. Persons of certain nationalities are detained and deported as soon as possible, most of the time without being given an opportunity to distinguish irregular migrants from persons suffering persecution. The overwhelming majority of those individuals who succeed in entering into the north without being detected, cross the "Green Line" and apply to the Government of Cyprus. Applicants in the north are examined by UNHCR.

</doc>
<doc id="19520129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520129" title="Russian Ballet (book)">
Russian Ballet (book)

Russian Ballet is an artist's book by the English artist David Bomberg published in 1919. The work describes the impact of seeing a performance of Diaghilev's "Ballets Russes", and is based on a series of drawings Bomberg had done around 1914, whilst associated with the Vorticist group of avant-garde artists in London. Centred around Wyndham Lewis and Ezra Pound, the movement flourished briefly 1914-1915, before being dispersed by the impact of the First World War. The only surviving example of a vorticist artist's book, the work can be seen as a parody of Marinetti's seminal futurist book Zang Tumb Tumb, using similar language to the Italian's work glorifying war, ("Methodic discord startles.."), but instead praising the impact of watching the decidedly less macho "Ballets Russes" in full flow. 
'Bomberg was the most audacious painter of his generation at the Slade, proving... that he could absorb the most experimental European ideas, fuse these with Jewish influences and come up with a robust alternative of his own. His treatment of the human figure, in terms of angular, clear-cut forms charged with enormous energy, reveals his determination to bring about a drastic renewal in British painting.' Richard Cork
The book was the last time that Bomberg would work in a vorticist idiom. After witnessing the carnage of the First World War at first hand, he was to lose his faith in modernism and instead develop a looser, expressive style, based predominantly around landscapes.
Vorticism and the English avant-garde.
Bomberg had been expelled from the Slade art school in 1913 due to his modernist leanings, and after a brief flirtation with Futurism, had put on a major one man exhibition of Abstract art at the Chenil Gallery, Chelsea, July 1914. The exhibition included paintings such as "The Mud Bath" and "Ju-Jitsu". The show was enthusiastically reviewed by T. E. Hulme. Visited by Raymond Duchamp-Villon, Brâncuși and Marinetti amongst others the exhibition earned 'him the admiration of many experimental artists both in London and abroad'
The foreword of the Chenil Gallery catalogue, 1914, contained a defiant text not dissimilar to Wyndham Lewis' Manifesto in "Blast 1", and one that could just as easily apply to the drawings done around this time that would serve as the basis of "Russian Ballet";
'I appeal to the "Sense of Form". In some of the work I show in the first room, I completely abandon "Naturalism" and Tradition. I am "searching for an Intenser" expression. In other work in this room, where I use naturalistic Form, I have stripped it of all irrelevant matter. I look upon nature, while I live in a steel city. Where decoration happens, it is accidental. My object is the construction of Pure Form. I reject everything in painting that is not Pure Form. I hate the colours of the East, the Modern Mediævalist, and the Fat Man of the Renaissance.' David Bomberg, 1914
Whilst usually considered a vorticist, Bomberg had refused to sign the Vorticist manifesto published in "BLAST", July 1914, or allow Lewis to reproduce his work in the magazine alongside contributions from T. S. Eliot, Ezra Pound, Edward Wadsworth, Ford Madox Ford and Jacob Epstein, amongst others. The only official connection was when he agreed to exhibit with the Vorticists at their single English exhibition at the Doré Gallery, London, July 1915. His work was placed in a separate room as part of the 'invited to show' section.
Origins of "Russian Ballet".
The first series of watercolours of "Dancers" came about when Bomberg followed his then-girlfriend Sonia Cohen down to Southbourne to watch her 'cavorting around' in an open-air summer dance school. A bit later, whilst Bomberg was living in a 'house for artists' in Primrose Hill, he met Alice Mayes, a dancer for Kosslov's Ballet Company (stand-ins for Diaghilev’s company) who had been invited to the house to demonstrate 'Russian Dance Steps.' One of these drawings was reproduced on the cover of his friend John Rodker's first edition of poetry, 1914.
Diaghilev's company had first visited London in 1911, returning regularly before war broke out. In 1914, when the drawings are thought have been done, their London programme included Strauss' "La légende de Joseph" and Rimsky-Korsakov's "Le Coq d'Or", with sets designed by Natalia Goncharova. After the war, the ballet made a triumphant return to London with the premiere of "La Boutique Fantasque" by Rossini with sets by André Derain. It seems likely that this much-heralded return prompted Bomberg to revisit the earlier drawings and publish them as a book, cashing in on the attendant publicity. If so, the plan failed; Bomberg, his wife Alice Mayes and a friend were ejected from the stalls when Diaghilev discovered them attempting to sell the newly printed book to the assembled patrons;
"Russian Ballet” was not a programme, nor even a Souvenir. It was an effort of David's while he was hanging about waiting for the Canadians to decide what they would do about his drawings for the War Memorial, just to keep him happy and relaxed. ... In one of his madcap moods, he and a friend (and I) went among the people in the stalls pretending to be selling programmes at 2/6d a time. Of course Diagileff soon got wind of what was going on and naturally would have none of it, the buyers were re-imbursed and the “programmes” collected and together with David and friend and myself, were chased up into the nine-penny gallery where we belonged. David took his hundred unsold copies to Henderson's Bomb Shop in Charing Cross Road, where they were put out for sale and about ten were sold Henderson withdrew them as unsaleable." Alice Mayes
The book.
"Russian Ballet" is a small softback book featuring 6 coloured lithographs, each one facing a line from a poem celebrating the experience of watching the "Ballet Russe". The prints are almost entirely abstract, and evoke the disorientating mood without recourse to specific detail. The entire poem, also written by Bomberg, reads:
—Methodic discord startles
—Insistent snatchings drag fancy from space
—Fluttering white hands beat—compel. Reason concedes
—Impressions crowding collide with movement round us
——the curtain falls—the created illusion escapes
—The mind clamped fast captures only a fragment, for new illusion
Bomberg, who had trained as a lithographer, printed the images; his wife sewed the binding.
The book was supposedly printed in an edition of 100. After being withdrawn from Henderson's Bomb Shop, Charing Cross Road, the remaining stock was bought by Jacob Mendelson, who had helped finance the project in the first place with a £30 investment. These remainders stayed in storage until the 1960s, when interest in Bomberg began to be rekindled. No sooner had Mendelson started to sell off the copies which had been in storage for 40 years, than most of the remaining books were destroyed in a fire.
Demobilization.
Bomberg had spent time in the trenches of the Western Front, first with the Royal Engineers from November 1915, then with the King's Royal Rifle Corps from 1916. The experience destroyed his faith in mechanized progress. He was demobbed in 1918, and given a commission by the Canadian War Memorials Fund, though he was warned to ’steer clear of Cubism and Futurism’.
His first version of "‘Sappers at Work: A Canadian Tunnelling Company’" retained 'much of the freedom of colour and structure he had developed in the pre-war period, but recognizable figures that no longer conform to the mechanistic vision of the Mud Bath.' It was rejected out of hand as a 'futurist abortion.' It was while he was going through the protracted negotiations that led to the acceptance of the second version, an almost photorealist work, that he decided to revisit the drawings that became "Russian Ballet". This return to Vorticist ideas would be the last time Bomberg dealt in abstraction; despite being one of the very first artists in Europe to develop a fully realised abstract style, the new work he developed in the twenties would tend toward expressive, loosely handled landscapes.
Posthumous Reception.
More-or-less ignored for the rest of his life, Bomberg's reputation has continued to grow since his death in 1957. His work is now held in a number of major museums worldwide, including the Tate, National Galleries of Scotland, National Gallery of Canada, Ashmolean, Cleveland Museum of Art and Philadelphia Museum of Art. "Russian Ballet" has entered a number of prestigious collections including the V&A, British Library, Tate, UCLA and the National Gallery of Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19520131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520131" title="Sam Ledor">
Sam Ledor

Samuel Ledor (born December 15, 1986 in Rivers State) is a Nigerian football player currently with Lobi Stars F.C..
Career.
Ledor began his career with Enugu Rangers and joined in 2005 to Enyimba International F.C.. After four years left Enyimba and joined in March 2010 on loan to Gateway F.C.. After a short term with Gateway on loan was signed in September of the same year by Congo side Saint-Michel d'Ouenzé. In September 2011 would sign with Etoile de Sahel, but the transfer collapsed. On 10 Januar 2012 signed an one year contract for Sharks F.C.

</doc>
<doc id="19520151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520151" title="Biskupice, Pińczów County">
Biskupice, Pińczów County

Biskupice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złota, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Złota, south of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520152" title="Górki Kostrzeszyńskie">
Górki Kostrzeszyńskie

Górki Kostrzeszyńskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złota, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520154" title="Graby, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Graby, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Graby is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złota, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520155" title="Kolonie Pełczyskie">
Kolonie Pełczyskie

Kolonie Pełczyskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złota, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520156" title="Kostrzeszyn">
Kostrzeszyn

Kostrzeszyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złota, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Złota, south of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520157" title="Łobodzie">
Łobodzie

Łobodzie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złota, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520158" title="Lubowiec">
Lubowiec

Lubowiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złota, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520160" title="Miernów">
Miernów

Miernów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złota, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Złota, south of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has an approximate population of 330.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520162" title="Młynek, Pińczów County">
Młynek, Pińczów County

Młynek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złota, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520163" title="Niegosławice, Pińczów County">
Niegosławice, Pińczów County

Niegosławice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złota, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Złota, south of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520165" title="Nieprowice">
Nieprowice

Nieprowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złota, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Złota, south of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520166" title="Odrzywół">
Odrzywół

Odrzywół may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19520168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520168" title="Odrzywół, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Odrzywół, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Odrzywół is a hamlet in the administrative district of Gmina Złota, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Złota, south of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520169" title="Olbrych">
Olbrych

Olbrych is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złota, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520170" title="Pełczyska, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Pełczyska, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Pełczyska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złota, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Złota, south of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has an approximate population of 460.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520171" title="Probołowice">
Probołowice

Probołowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złota, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Złota, south of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
See also.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520173" title="Rudawa, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Rudawa, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Rudawa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złota, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Złota, south of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520176" title="Stawiszyce">
Stawiszyce

Stawiszyce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złota, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Złota, south of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520177" title="Wojsławice, Pińczów County">
Wojsławice, Pińczów County

Wojsławice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złota, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Złota, south of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520179" title="Wola Chroberska">
Wola Chroberska

Wola Chroberska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złota, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Złota, south of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520181" title="Wymysłów, Gmina Złota">
Wymysłów, Gmina Złota

Wymysłów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złota, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520183" title="Żabiniec, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Żabiniec, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Żabiniec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złota, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520185" title="Żurawniki, Pińczów County">
Żurawniki, Pińczów County

Żurawniki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złota, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Złota, south of Pińczów, and south of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 210.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520198" title="Bożydar, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Bożydar, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Bożydar is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dwikozy, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Dwikozy, north-east of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520203" title="Buczek, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Buczek, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Buczek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dwikozy, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Dwikozy, north of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520207" title="Czermin, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Czermin, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Czermin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dwikozy, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Dwikozy, north of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520210" title="Gałkowice">
Gałkowice

References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520212" title="Gierlachów">
Gierlachów

Gierlachów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dwikozy, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Dwikozy, north-east of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 220.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520214" title="Góry Wysokie">
Góry Wysokie

Góry Wysokie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dwikozy, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Dwikozy, north of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520215" title="Kamień Łukawski">
Kamień Łukawski

Kamień Łukawski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dwikozy, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Dwikozy, east of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 130.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520216" title="Kępa Chwałowska">
Kępa Chwałowska

Kępa Chwałowska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dwikozy, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Dwikozy, north-east of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 110.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520217" title="Kolonia Gałkowice">
Kolonia Gałkowice

Kolonia Gałkowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dwikozy, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Dwikozy, north of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520219" title="Mściów">
Mściów

Mściów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dwikozy, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Dwikozy, north-east of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 920.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520221" title="Nowe Kichary">
Nowe Kichary

Nowe Kichary is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dwikozy, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Dwikozy, north of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520223" title="Nowy Garbów">
Nowy Garbów

Nowy Garbów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dwikozy, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Dwikozy, north of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520225" title="Nowy Kamień, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Nowy Kamień, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Nowy Kamień is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień, within Rzeszów County, Podkarpackie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Sokołów Małopolski, south of Stalowa Wola, and south of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 530.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520226" title="Romanówka, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Romanówka, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Romanówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dwikozy, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Dwikozy, north of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520227" title="Rzeczyca Mokra">
Rzeczyca Mokra

Rzeczyca Mokra is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dwikozy, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Dwikozy, north-east of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520228" title="Rzeczyca Sucha">
Rzeczyca Sucha

Rzeczyca Sucha is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dwikozy, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Dwikozy, north of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520229" title="Słupcza">
Słupcza

Słupcza is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dwikozy, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Dwikozy, north-east of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520230" title="Stare Kichary">
Stare Kichary

Stare Kichary is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dwikozy, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Dwikozy, north of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520234" title="Stary Garbów">
Stary Garbów

Stary Garbów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dwikozy, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Dwikozy, north of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 2,700.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520235" title="Szczytniki, Sandomierz County">
Szczytniki, Sandomierz County

Szczytniki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dwikozy, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Dwikozy, north-east of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520236" title="Winiarki">
Winiarki

Winiarki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dwikozy, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Dwikozy, north-east of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520240" title="Winiary, Sandomierz County">
Winiary, Sandomierz County

Winiary is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dwikozy, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Dwikozy, north-east of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520241" title="Smallford railway station">
Smallford railway station

Smallford railway station was a station on the former St Albans Branch Line. The station opened as "Springfield" in 1866, and was renamed in 1879. The station closed permanently on New Year's Day 1969 when a haulage contract ended with a local scrap merchant, but it had already closed to passengers in 1951. The single platform still exists alongside the Alban Way rail trail, as does the ticket office, located in an adjacent builders' yard.
In November 2012 it was announced that the Smallford Residents’ Association (SRA) had received £9,900 from the Heritage Lottery Fund for a project named "Bringing the History of Smallford Station to Life", led by volunteers from the local area, and focusing on the history of Smallford Station, the branch line it served, and the impact this had on nearby communities. Jeff Lewis, SRA chair, said the association was excited at the thought of finding people who recall the station and branch line when they were operating and capturing their memories for posterity. 

</doc>
<doc id="19520248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520248" title="Adamczowice">
Adamczowice

Adamczowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Klimontów, west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 250.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520249" title="Beradz">
Beradz

Beradz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Klimontów, west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520251" title="Borek Klimontowski">
Borek Klimontowski

Borek Klimontowski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Klimontów, west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520257" title="Byszów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Byszów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Byszów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Klimontów, west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520258" title="Byszówka">
Byszówka

Byszówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Klimontów, west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520259" title="Dziewków">
Dziewków

Dziewków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Klimontów, west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520260" title="Górki, Sandomierz County">
Górki, Sandomierz County

Górki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Klimontów, west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520263" title="Góry Pęchowskie">
Góry Pęchowskie

Góry Pęchowskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Klimontów, west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 60.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520264" title="Goźlice">
Goźlice

Goźlice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Klimontów, west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.

</doc>
<doc id="19520265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520265" title="Grabina, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Grabina, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Grabina is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Klimontów, west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520267" title="Zlatan Stoykov">
Zlatan Stoykov

Zlatan Kirilov Stoykov (; born 17 March 1951) is a Bulgarian general and the current (44th) Chief of the General Staff of the Bulgarian Army, since 1 June 2006.
Lieutenant General Stoykov was born in Tsarvaritsa, Nevestino municipality, Kyustendil Province on 17 March 1951. He finished the Technical College of Electrical Industry in Kyustendil and graduated from the Vasil Levski Military All-Army University in Veliko Tarnovo. He has also earned degrees from the Rakovski Defence and Staff College in Sofia and the General Staff College in Moscow, Russia. In 1999, Stoykov studied English as a second language at the Defense Language Institute in San Antonio, Texas, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19520268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520268" title="Jantoniów">
Jantoniów

Jantoniów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Klimontów, west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520269" title="Kępie, Sandomierz County">
Kępie, Sandomierz County

Kępie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately southeast of Klimontów, west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520271" title="Konary, Sandomierz County">
Konary, Sandomierz County

Konary is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Klimontów, west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 420.
Can find here ski slope with two ways: for beginning and more experienced (480m).
References.
2. http://stok-konary.pl/
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520272" title="Konary-Kolonia">
Konary-Kolonia

Konary-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Klimontów, west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520273" title="Krobielice">
Krobielice

Krobielice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Klimontów, west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 220.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520274" title="Kroblice Pęchowskie">
Kroblice Pęchowskie

Kroblice Pęchowskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Klimontów, west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520276" title="Nasławice, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Nasławice, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Nasławice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Klimontów, west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 220.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520280" title="Nawodzice">
Nawodzice

Nawodzice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Klimontów, west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 650.

</doc>
<doc id="19520281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520281" title="Nowa Wieś, Sandomierz County">
Nowa Wieś, Sandomierz County

Nowa Wieś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Klimontów, west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has an approximate population of 470.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520284" title="Olbierzowice">
Olbierzowice

Olbierzowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Klimontów, west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 190.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520286" title="Pęchów">
Pęchów

Pęchów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Klimontów, west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 450.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520287" title="Pęchowiec">
Pęchowiec

Pęchowiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Klimontów, west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
See also.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520288" title="Płaczkowice">
Płaczkowice

Płaczkowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Klimontów, west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 80.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520289" title="Juvhel Tsoumou">
Juvhel Tsoumou

Juvhel Fred Tsoumou (born 27 December 1990) is a footballer who plays as a striker and is currently plays for. His previous clubs include TSV Hartberg, FSV Zwickau, Eintracht Frankfurt, Blackburn Rovers, Alemannia Aachen and Plymouth Argyle. Born in the Republic of the Congo, he has represented Germany at youth international level.
Club career.
Early years.
The striker was raised in the Congolese capital Brazzaville where he showed his talent on sand pitches. As a 10 year old, Tsoumou came with his mother, who was studying economics, to Zwickau, where he began to play in the youth system of FSV Zwickau.
In 2003, Charly Körbel led him to the Eintracht Frankfurt football academy. Here he played until July 2006 before moving to the academy of Blackburn Rovers.
Eintracht Frankfurt.
After a season in England he returned to Eintracht because he saw a better future for himself at Frankfurt. On 4 September 2007, due to call-ups for the national youth team, Eintracht manager Friedhelm Funkel gave Tsoumou the chance to train with the first squad. For the Bundesliga match on 10 November 2007 against Borussia Dortmund the striker was in the squad for the first time. Youth Coordinator, Holger Mueller gave an interview on him and says Tsoumou is compared to Jermaine Jones due to his Athleticism and strength duel characterize the forward-jewel.
Tsoumou debuted in the Bundesliga on 28 September 2008 against Arminia Bielefeld, when he was substituted in the 74th minute for Nikos Liberopoulos. Since making his debut, Tsoumou move to the reserves where he was able to get more playing time and scored 5 in 29 appearance or spent time on the bench when he joins the first-team squad. On 20 March 2010, Tsuomou scored his first goal for Frankfurt on a 87 minutes to equalise against Bayern Munich but Martin Fenin score a winning goal in a 2–1 win.
Alemannia Aachen.
He signed a contract with Alemannia Aachen on 4 August 2010. On 20 August 2010, Tsoumou made his debut for the club in a 2–2 draw against Union Berlin. However, Tsoumou, once again, was not able as he spent time on the bench when he joins the first-team squad or move to the reserves.
In 2011 he had trial spell at Sheffield Wednesday.
Preston North End.
After a successful trial, Tsoumou signed a two-year deal with Preston North End. On 4 October 2011 he scored his first goal for Preston against Morecambe in the Johnstones Paint Trophy which Preston went on to win 7–6 on penalties after the game had finished 2–2. He scored his first goal in English football against Huddersfield Town with a tap in from Iain Humes cross. He then scored in Preston's next two fixtures against Oldham Athletic and AFC Bournemouth respectively. However under new manager Graham Westley, Tsoumou was able to get less playing time.
He was transfer listed by the club along with six other player in May 2012 in order for Westley to strengthen the Preston squad.
On 3 July 12, his contract was cancelled by mutual consent despite having one-year left on his contract.
Plymouth Argyle (loan).
On 31 January 2012, Tsoumou joined League Two side Plymouth Argyle on loan along with Alex MacDonald, until the end of the season. His move to Plymouth delighted manager Carl Fletcher
. On 4 February 2012, Tsoumou made his debut for the club in a 2–2 draw against Southend United. On 31 March 2012, Tsoumou scored his first goal for the club in a 1–0 win over Bradford City which was a winning goal. On 5 May 2012 which is the last game of the season, Tsoumou scored Plymouth only goal in the match against Cheltenham Town which Plymouth lost.
FK Senica.
On 29 August 2013, he signed two-year contract without option to buy, with FK Senica.
International career.
Juvhel Tsoumou has been capped by Germany at under-18 and under-19 level. He made two appearances for the under-18s against France in March 2008. Tsoumou made his under-19 debut against England in November 2008, replacing Taner Yalçın as a second-half substitute.

</doc>
<doc id="19520292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520292" title="Pokrzywianka, Sandomierz County">
Pokrzywianka, Sandomierz County

Pokrzywianka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Klimontów, west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520293" title="Przybysławice, Sandomierz County">
Przybysławice, Sandomierz County

Przybysławice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Klimontów, west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 200.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520295" title="Rogacz">
Rogacz

Rogacz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Klimontów, west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 150.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520296" title="Rybnica, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Rybnica, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Rybnica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Klimontów, west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 90.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520297" title="Śniekozy">
Śniekozy

Śniekozy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Klimontów, west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520299" title="Waldir Lucas Pereira">
Waldir Lucas Pereira

Waldir Lucas Pereira (born May 2, 1982) is a Brazil football player who currently plays for América-SP.
Waldir Lucas previously played for AC Ajaccio in Ligue 1 and Ligue 2.

</doc>
<doc id="19520300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520300" title="Szymanowice Dolne">
Szymanowice Dolne

Szymanowice Dolne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Klimontów, west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520301" title="Szymanowice Górne">
Szymanowice Górne

Szymanowice Górne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Klimontów, west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 160.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520302" title="Ułanowice">
Ułanowice

Ułanowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Klimontów, west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520303" title="Węgrce Szlacheckie">
Węgrce Szlacheckie

Węgrce Szlacheckie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Klimontów, west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520304" title="Wilkowice, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Wilkowice, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Wilkowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Klimontów, west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520306" title="Korce, Poland">
Korce, Poland

Korce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złota, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520307" title="Dennis Stevenson">
Dennis Stevenson

Dennis Ross Stevenson (born 12 November 1946) was an Australian politician. He was elected in the inaugural 1989 general election to serve in the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly, on a platform of abolishing self-government in the Australian Capital Territory (ACT). Ironically, Stevenson was re-elected at the 1992 general election and resigned from the ACT Legislative Assembly in 1995.
Biography.
Stevenson was born in , New South Wales and worked as a photogrammatist, company director, an operator of health centres and trainer in sales, marketing, public speaking and motivation. He has also worked as a life coach, business consultant, counselor and laborer. Immediately prior to his parliamentary career he served in the NSW Police Force from 1965 to 1973, primarily training personnel in intelligence matters. Stevenson served in the reserve forces of the Australian Army between 1966 and 1973.
Following his election to the ACT Legislative Assembly, Stevenson worked on many issues including abolishing the newly established self-government in the Australian Capital Territory, campaigning against the Hare-Clark voting system, for the introduction of citizens' initiated referenda, banning computer porn and the fledgling pornography industry in the ACT and other human-rights issues. After resigning from the assembly in 1995 he traveled extensively before returning to Canberra.
Since his political career Stevenson moved to Queensland and campaigned on civil-liberties issues including against the water fluoridation and highlighting the decline of Australian democracy. Stevenson was the compere at the Forum between 1992 and 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19520308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520308" title="Zakrzów, Sandomierz County">
Zakrzów, Sandomierz County

Zakrzów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Klimontów, west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 290.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520310" title="Naval Hydrographic and Oceanographic Service">
Naval Hydrographic and Oceanographic Service

The Naval Hydrographic and Oceanographic Service ("service hydrographique et océanographique de la marine" or "SHOM") is a French administrative public body ("établissement public à caractère administratif") administered by the Ministry of Defence. It was set up by decree number 2007-800 on 11 May 2007. Its board is presided over by the chef d'état-major de la marine and the body is directed by a director-general.
Aims.
This public body has several aims, including the provision of :
SHOM is made up of oceanographic and hydrographic groups, as well as a school, and employs 500 naval and civil personnel. Its fleets consists of 5 boats: the "Beautemps-Beaupré", the "Borda", the "Lapérouse", the "Laplace" and the "Pourquoi-Pas ?". SHOM works in cooperation with many other national organisations, including IFREMER (with whom it shares the "Pourquoi-Pas ?"), Météo-France, the CNRS, the University of Western Brittany and the IGN.
It participates in international hydrographic projects and programmes co-ordinated by the International Hydrographic Organization, of which France is a member.
Publications.
Among the SHOM's nautical publications are

</doc>
<doc id="19520323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520323" title="List of Ultras of Greenland">
List of Ultras of Greenland

The following is a sortable table of the 39 ultra prominent mountain peaks on the Island of Greenland and the surrounding islands of Kalaallit Nunaat. Each of these summits has a topographic prominence of at least 1500 meters (4921.3 feet).
Topographic elevation is the vertical distance above the reference geoid, a precise mathematical model of the Earth's sea level as an equipotential gravitational surface. Topographic prominence is the elevation difference between the summit and the highest or key col to a higher summit. Topographic isolation is the minimum great circle distance to a point of higher elevation.
This article defines a significant summit as a summit with at least 100 meters (328.1 feet) of topographic prominence, and a major summit as a summit with at least 500 meters (1640.4 feet) of topographic prominence. An ultra-prominent summit is a summit with at least 1500 meters (4921.3 feet) of topographic prominence.

</doc>
<doc id="19520325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520325" title="Beszyce">
Beszyce

Beszyce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koprzywnica, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Koprzywnica, south-west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 266.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520326" title="Błonie, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Błonie, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Błonie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koprzywnica, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Koprzywnica, south-west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 346.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520329" title="Ciszyca, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Ciszyca, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Ciszyca is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koprzywnica, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Koprzywnica, south-west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 343.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520330" title="Dmosice">
Dmosice

Dmosice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koprzywnica, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Koprzywnica, west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 258.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520331" title="Gnieszowice">
Gnieszowice

Gnieszowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koprzywnica, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Koprzywnica, south-west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 570.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520333" title="Kamieniec, Sandomierz County">
Kamieniec, Sandomierz County

Kamieniec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koprzywnica, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Koprzywnica, south-west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 122.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520335" title="Krzcin">
Krzcin

Krzcin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koprzywnica, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Koprzywnica, south-west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 565.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520336" title="Łukowiec, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Łukowiec, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Łukowiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koprzywnica, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Koprzywnica, south-west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 300.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520337" title="Niedźwice">
Niedźwice

Niedźwice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koprzywnica, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Koprzywnica, south-west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 321.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520338" title="Postronna">
Postronna

Postronna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koprzywnica, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Koprzywnica, west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 283.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520339" title="Sośniczany">
Sośniczany

Sośniczany is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koprzywnica, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Koprzywnica, south-west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 431.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520340" title="Trzykosy">
Trzykosy

Trzykosy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koprzywnica, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Koprzywnica, south-west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 260.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520343" title="Zarudcze">
Zarudcze

Zarudcze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koprzywnica, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Koprzywnica, south-west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520345" title="Zbigniewice">
Zbigniewice

Zbigniewice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koprzywnica, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Koprzywnica, west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 131.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520347" title="Zbigniewice-Kolonia">
Zbigniewice-Kolonia

Zbigniewice-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koprzywnica, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Koprzywnica, south-west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 296.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520349" title="Liga Indonesia Premier Division">
Liga Indonesia Premier Division

Liga Indonesia Premier Division (Indonesian: "Divisi Utama Liga Indonesia") is the regionalised second level of football competition system in Indonesia, organized by the Football Association of Indonesia (PSSI). The competition is usually divided geographically into two or three groups. The 2010–11 season is sponsored by Ti-Phone, a cellular phone manufacturer and called as "Liga Ti-Phone". Currently, as a result of continuing conflict between PT Liga Indonesia (LI), Indonesia Super League organizer, and PT Liga Prima Indonesia Sportindo (LPIS), Indonesian Premier League organizer, there are two different Liga Indonesia Premier Division being organized for 2011–12 season.
Prior to the formation of Indonesia Super League in 2008, Premier Division was the Indonesian top flight football league. Along with Premier League/Super League, Premier Division is a competition for professional (semi professional) football clubs.
Sponsorship.
Competition Sponsor.
Liga Indonesia has been sponsored since its inception in 1994. In many cases, the main sponsor determines the competition's name.

</doc>
<doc id="19520353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520353" title="Bazów">
Bazów

Bazów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łoniów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Łoniów, south-west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 160.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520355" title="Bogoria, Sandomierz County">
Bogoria, Sandomierz County

Bogoria is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łoniów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Łoniów, south-west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520356" title="Chodków Nowy">
Chodków Nowy

Chodków Nowy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łoniów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Łoniów, south-west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520357" title="Helical camshaft">
Helical camshaft

A helical camshaft is a type of mechanical variable valve actuation (VVA) system. More specifically it is a camshaft that allows the valve opening duration to be varied over a wide, continuous, step-less, range, with all of the added duration being at full valve lift.
In this article a “variable duration camshaft” refers to a camshaft with a design that is intended to replace a conventional camshaft in a cylinder head and operate the valves through conventional followers. Further qualifications are:
These qualifications must be made as there have been many claims over the years of purely mechanical variable duration camshafts but none have been able to meet all these requirements.
Despite enormous effort and expense being expended by both large organisations and private individuals, camshaft arrangements like have never been significantly improved upon and have remained unused by the mainstream automotive community. The opinion of many engineers (and others) on the possibility of a workable variable duration camshaft being developed after so much effort and so many years of unsuccessful attempts was that it was highly unlikely that it ever could be done and would remain an unobtainable “holy grail.”
Details.
The helical camshaft very distantly belongs to the very numerous general “coaxial-shaft-combined-profile” class of cams as most recently typified by the work from Clemson University (whose cams are essentially identical in principle to many other cams, such as ).
The helical camshaft importantly differs from other members of this general class by having a unique helical movement – a combined circumferential and axial movement of the two profiles.
The duration can be increased until the closing flank of the cam lobe reaches the opening flank – a duration of 720 degrees. In a typical application the helical camshaft would have a continuous duration range from about average for a road-going general purpose engine (about 250 degrees measured at normal valve clearance) to about 100 or 150 degrees above this.
The valve is opened at normal rates of acceleration, jerk, etc., and then held open at its maximum lift for whatever duration is required before being closed at a normal rate.
The mechanism.
A helical camshaft effects its duration change basically by rotating the opening and closing flanks away from each other starting at a split line on the nose of the lobe. As the flanks move apart the nose region is “filled-in” with an area of constant radius about the centre of rotation of the camshaft. An equal angular amount is removed from the constant radius base circle as the nose constant radius increases.
For the camshaft shown, the minimum duration is the same as the original camshaft's, about 260°, and the maximum duration is 345°.
The mechanism is a coaxial shaft arrangement where the outer shaft carries the main body of the cam lobe. The main body of the cam lobe is in its maximum duration form.
Typically the main lobe body would have a duration of about 450°. The lobe is very long axially, about , and its profile consists of conventional opening and closing flanks separated by about 170° of constant radius over the nose of the lobe. The lobe has a helical slot machined into it that has a helix angle of about 35° relative to the rotational axis of the camshaft.
The width of the slot is equal to the angular extent of the closing flank of the lobe. One edge of the slot extends diagonally the full length of the lobe across the 170 degree constant nose radius. The other edge is ground so that it is all at base circle level. The slot in fact replaces the closing flank on the main body of the cam lobe. Bridging the slot is a segment of lobe (about 10 mm in thickness) which is ground to the profile of the closing flank. The segment is attached to the inner shaft. One edge of the slot has a constant cylindrical radius, the same radius as the lobe’s nose radius. The other edge has the radius of the lobe’s base circle. A small region along each edge of the closing flank segment has the same constant radius as the edge of the slot that it is adjacent to.
This means the segment can be positioned anywhere along the helical slot and there will always be a smooth transition for the follower to and from the segment. The lobe segment is fixed to the inner shaft so any relative axial movement has the effect of changing the valve opening duration. The follower is arranged so that it always remains aligned with the segment which remains stationary axially.
As the slot has a helix angle of about 35°, any axial movement of the outer shaft causes the segment to rotate, exposing more or less of the nose constant radius and thus changing the duration.
Profile.
The base or shortest duration profile of the helical camshaft system is almost identical to a standard production engine profile. The helical camshaft base profile belongs to the general group of lobe shapes which are used with pivoting cam followers, especially those with a fairly high rocker ratio, around 2:1.
This family of lobe profiles is characterised primarily by having a short lobe lift. Because of this the lobe has a very rounded-off (or “snub-nosed”) appearance. The radius of curvature of the nose region (about the axis of rotation of the camshaft) is often very close to being a constant radius over an angular extent of about 20 degrees or so. A helical camshaft requires this region to be a true constant radius. In some cases this requires as little as 0.25 mm (or less) to be removed from the nose. When measured, the rates of acceleration and jerk in the nose region are slightly higher than standard.
The lobe nose typically can have about 150° added to it, for extra duration. The lift surface geometry remains unchanged. Because of this extended duration the lift rate and total lift do not have to be as extreme as a racing cam to achieve maximum high end power.
Applications.
The “traditional” application of VVA (especially variable duration) is to match the engine RPM to the valve opening duration (this is very roughly what the VTEC does). The general idea being to improve the high RPM performance without the associated problems of a long duration “racing” cam which are lack of lower RPM power, rough idle, etc. Engines typically need a roughly linear increase in duration as the RPM rises. The aim is to maximise the torque at every point in the allowable RPM range. This means that with the Helical Camshaft the old concept of a maximum power point in an RPM range no longer applies. With the Helical Camshaft the power continues to build until the “breathing” limit of the induction system is reached – or more likely, the mechanical strength limit of the engine’s components is exceeded. The Helical Camshaft’s typical 250 degree to 350 + degree duration range basically means that a suitably robust engine could “pull” strongly from about 1500 RPM to maybe 20,000 + RPM and still idle smoothly at 500 or 600 RPM.
There has never been a mechanical VVA system that had either the duration range at full lift or the high RPM capability to do anything like this. “Camless” electromagnetic/hydraulic systems do have similar duration/lift ranges to the Helical Camshaft but at present their high RPM ability is strictly limited.
On a possibly somewhat more practical level, dynamometer testing of road engines has shown that even with the Helical Camshaft limited to only about 30 degrees increase in duration, a typical road engine can increase its power by 25% to 30% at the same RPM power peak as the standard cam – and the idle and low RPM behaviour are totally normal.
The application of the Helical Camshaft as a fuel saving tool is possibly an even more important application than just to maximise the power output of an engine. Testing of a Helical Camshaft prototype in a Suzuki GSX 250 cc engine has a shown a remarkable improvement in fuel economy at idle speeds. This particular Helical Camshaft is arranged so that all the duration increase is on the closing side of the intake cam lobe, the opening point of the intake valve remaining as standard on a Suzuki GSX 250 engine. The object of this was to test the effectiveness of LIVC on the idle fuel consumption.
The basic aim of LIVC is to reduce the intake pumping losses. These pumping losses are greatest at idle, progressively reducing as the manifold pressure (and the power output) increases. The test Suzuki engine consistently recorded a 40% improvement in economy at idle, when compared to the same engine with the standard camshaft fitted. This may seem a little unlikely, but it should be remembered that it has been estimated that at idle about 80% of the fuel used is just to overcome the intake pumping losses. Any reduction in pumping losses thus has a major and direct effect on the idle fuel use. As the power output rises, the 40% would quickly drop away but for an engine in typical road/traffic use an overall figure would be probably between 10% to 20% improvement. The surprising improvement in fuel economy at idle possibly only applies to carburetor engines like the Suzuki. Just how a modern multi-cylinder fuel injected car engine would behave with the Helical Camshaft is as yet untested. It seems likely that there would be a marked improvement in idle economy but maybe not 40% - at least not without other modifications. The Suzuki idled at about 55 or 60 extra degrees of late closing. That is; about 120 degrees after bottom dead centre. This means that the total duration required was around 320 degrees. Engine load control by LIVC needs very long durations. Usually a much longer duration is needed for load control by LIVC than would be needed for high RPM power, especially for a general-purpose road-going application. Importantly all this very long valve opening duration, when used for LIVC, must be at full valve lift. The valve lift must be at a maximum so as not to impede the flow into and out of the cylinder. Any restriction to the flow causes pumping losses which defeats the whole purpose of LIVC.
Having discussed the use of the Helical Camshaft to aid high RPM power and also for load control by LIVC it should be made clear that there is no reason why both functions could not be used in the same engine. Realistically the Helical Camshaft principle can only be applied to twin cam engines. For maximising power output both the intake and exhaust cam would need to be of the Helical Camshaft type. The increase in duration needed for high RPM performance needs to be roughly equal on both the intake and exhaust cams, and roughly a symmetrical increase about the base duration lobe profile centre line. For LIVC operation alone, only the intake camshaft needs to be a Helical Camshaft. With a twin Helical Camshaft arrangement and suitable controls, an engine could have both extreme power output and also be very fuel efficient.
There is also the possibility of even greater fuel efficiency at the expense of outright power. The Helical Camshaft and the general principle of LIVC also allow the possible use of a very high compression ratio (CR). The idea here being to use a very high geometrical CR but limit the compression pressure by LIVC so as to avoid detonation. The expansion ratio after combustion still remains high. It is the expansion ratio that fundamentally converts the heat energy of the burning fuel/air mixture into usable mechanical energy. The more the hot gases are expanded by the moving piston the more the heat energy is converted into useful work and the higher the thermal efficiency is. This general principle is usually called the “Atkinson Cycle”. (Strictly speaking the Atkinson Cycle refers to an engine with mechanically different length compression and expansion strokes. In modern practice, the compression pressure is limited by a fixed amount of intake valve late closing - this has exactly the same effect as the different stroke lengths). With the Atkinson Cycle the added efficiency is at the expense of reduced overall power. For example, if an engine had a geometrical CR of 18:1 it would have to be restricted to about half its full charge of air/fuel mixture to avoid detonation. The resulting effect would be that at full load the engine would use half the fuel but the power would be not half but roughly two-thirds or three quarters that of the equivalent “normal” engine – the net result being an increase in thermal efficiency. Such an engine would be economical but it would still suffer from intake pumping losses.
The Helical Camshaft would allow both the Atkinson Cycle and LIVC to be applied simultaneously. The high CR would allow even greater amount of LIVC to be used at idle thus further reducing pumping losses and improving efficiency. The resulting engine would have a fuel economy very similar to (or better than) a diesel – and it could run on the cheaper LPG fuel. It would also be lighter in weight and cheaper to make than a diesel. A car fitted with such an engine would appear to be a much simpler and cheaper alternative to a “hybrid” car. (But a hybrid fitted with a Helical Camshaft/Atkinson/LIVC engine would be more economical still).
One of the more recent “fashionable” areas of engine research at present is the Homogenous Charge Compression Ignition (or HCCI) engine. It amounts to running a spark ignition engine at light or part load in a similar fashion to a diesel engine. HCCI requires the compression pressure to be very quickly and accurately altered so that the more-or-less controlled compression ignition doesn’t suddenly blossom into full-blown detonation. One of the main strengths of the Helical Camshaft is that it can do exactly that. However, it would seem that the easily-controlled LIVC (with or without Atkinson high CR effects) is a much simpler way to control an engine than the decidedly risky HCCI process – and it is doubtful that HCCI is more fuel-efficient than LIVC, etc.
Operation.
The duration of the Helical Camshaft is changed by moving the outer shaft of the coaxial arrangement in a lengthwise (or axial) direction. The helix angle of the Helical Camshaft is probably always going to be around 30 to 35 degrees. The helix angle has its origin in the width of the segment used (normally about ) and the 20-degree region of constant radius on the nose of the lobe (this usually measures about 7 mm in circumference). The diagonal split line across this area thus must generally be at about 35 degrees to the axis of the camshaft. This translates to a figure of around 3.5 (crankshaft) degrees per millimetre of axial movement. of movement would give 105 degrees of duration change. Although the Helical Camshaft is capable of far more than this, it has been found in testing that this amount is sufficient for most purposes.
Little force is needed to move the shaft axially so there is a possibility that when using the Helical Camshaft for LIVC load control alone the axial movement could be connected directly and mechanically to the accelerator pedal. Similarly, if the Helical Camshaft is used to improve high RPM power only a simple self-contained centrifugal controller/actuator could be used.
Some prototypes have run very well using centrifugal controller/actuators. If it was desired to operate the Helical Camshaft to use both the LIVC and the high RPM aspects of the cam it would probably require hydraulic actuators on each cam to enable the LIVC to be used. Each Helical Camshaft would also need a phase-changing mechanism for the high RPM use. At low RPM and part-load the Helical Camshaft would be all LIVC. At high RPM and full load it would still require long duration from the Helical Camshaft but the phase changing mechanism would need to alter the all-on-the-closing-flank duration increase to something of a more symmetrical duration increase. All this possibly could be done mechanically but the sensible arrangement probably would be an externally-powered arrangement with a computer/microprocessor to sort out the required amounts LIVC and phasing. For HCCI operation the picture is less clear but the very short (and thus very fast) axial movement that would be needed to change the compression pressure would seem to make the Helical Camshaft very suitable for this process.
Practical considerations.
The disadvantage of this system is its cost. Even though it is a fairly simple device it requires very accurate helical machining and very careful assembly. The Helical Camshaft prototypes typically cost about $1500 in machining and materials. This figure would reduce greatly in production. The cost of the Helical Camshaft is really only high when considered in comparison to a conventional camshaft which reportedly cost the manufacturers only a few dollars per unit to make. This fact does tend to make the Helical Camshaft look more expensive than it really is. Having said this, the cost of the Helical Camshaft (and associated controls etc.) is probably very similar to (or even cheaper) than other production VVA systems.
The various prototypes have never shown any wear or ultimate strength (breakage) problems in the many hours of testing (some at very high RPM) they have undergone. But as a production car camshaft must ideally last for the life of the vehicle, there must remain some doubt until really long-term testing is carried out. However, indications are that there would probably be no insoluble long-term problems.
A helical camshaft must operate through a lift-multiplying pivoting follower. The Helical Camshaft could not really be used with an inverted bucket type of follower. Even though the inverted bucket is still used, it is being increasingly replaced both in road and racing engines by the pivoting “finger” follower. As well as needing a pivoting follower, if the engine has four valves per cylinder then the follower must be forked so that the one Helical Camshaft lobe operates two valves. This is more a characteristic than a problem. If a really wide duration range is required, because axial space is somewhat limited along the camshaft, usually only room for one Helical Camshaft lobe (and its operating space) can be found.
A helical camshaft cannot do very short durations or variable lift. Many companies and manufacturers have made it appear that it is something of a virtue that their particular VVA system produces very short durations and the linked low valve lift as they really have had no choice.
It should be noted that there is no physical reason why a Helical Camshaft could not be the “driving” cam in a Valvetronic-type oscillating cam setup. (But it would be quite complex and the Valvetronic part of the arrangement would limit the Helical Camshaft’s high RPM capabilities). The result would be an almost unbelievable array of possible duration/lift combinations. This could be very useful in research. However, in the real world probably 95% of the combinations have no really useful relevance to the four-stroke cycle. This, of course also applies to the Helical Camshaft to some extent. It is hard to imagine a use for more than about 400 degrees – and the Helical Camshaft potentially has another 300 or so degrees in hand.

</doc>
<doc id="19520358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520358" title="Chodków Stary">
Chodków Stary

Chodków Stary is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łoniów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Łoniów, south-west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 180.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520359" title="Gągolin">
Gągolin

Gągolin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łoniów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Łoniów, south-west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520360" title="Gieraszowice">
Gieraszowice

Gieraszowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łoniów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Łoniów, south-west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 280.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520363" title="Jasienica, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Jasienica, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Jasienica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łoniów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Łoniów, south-west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520364" title="Jeziory, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Jeziory, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Jeziory is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łoniów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Łoniów, south-west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520365" title="Kępa Nagnajewska">
Kępa Nagnajewska

Kępa Nagnajewska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łoniów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Łoniów, south-west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of approximately 84 people.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520367" title="Królewice, Sandomierz County">
Królewice, Sandomierz County

Królewice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łoniów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Łoniów, south-west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 121.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520368" title="Krowia Góra">
Krowia Góra

Krowia Góra is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łoniów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Łoniów, south-west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520369" title="Łążek, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Łążek, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Łążek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łoniów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Łoniów, south-west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520370" title="Łoniów">
Łoniów

Łoniów is a village in Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Łoniów. It lies approximately south-west of Sandomierz and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 450.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520371" title="Łoniów-Kolonia">
Łoniów-Kolonia

Łoniów-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łoniów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520375" title="Piaseczno, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Piaseczno, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Piaseczno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łoniów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Łoniów, south-west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.

</doc>
<doc id="19520376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520376" title="Okechukwu Odita">
Okechukwu Odita

Okechukwu Odita (born October 12, 1983) is a Nigerian football player currently with Enyimba International F.C..
Career.
Odita is an Nigerian star defender and was he heart of Rangers’ defence, before moving to Enyimba International F.C. in 2006.
International.
Okey played 1 game for Nigeria national football team in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19520377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520377" title="Przewłoka, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Przewłoka, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Przewłoka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łoniów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Łoniów, south-west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520379" title="Ruszcza-Kolonia">
Ruszcza-Kolonia

Ruszcza-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łoniów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Łoniów, south-west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520380" title="Ruszcza-Płaszczyzna">
Ruszcza-Płaszczyzna

Ruszcza-Płaszczyzna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łoniów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Łoniów, south-west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520381" title="Skrzypaczowice">
Skrzypaczowice

Skrzypaczowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łoniów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Łoniów, south-west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520383" title="Skwirzowa">
Skwirzowa

Skwirzowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łoniów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Łoniów, south-west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520386" title="Sulisławice, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Sulisławice, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Sulisławice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łoniów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Łoniów, south-west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 430.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520388" title="Suliszów, Sandomierz County">
Suliszów, Sandomierz County

Suliszów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łoniów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Łoniów, south-west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 290.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520389" title="Świniary Nowe">
Świniary Nowe

Świniary Nowe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łoniów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Łoniów, south-west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 500.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520390" title="Świniary Stare">
Świniary Stare

Świniary Stare is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łoniów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Łoniów, south-west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 600.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520392" title="Trzebiesławice, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Trzebiesławice, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Trzebiesławice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łoniów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Łoniów, south-west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 240.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520393" title="Wnorów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Wnorów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Wnorów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łoniów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Łoniów, south-west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 300.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520394" title="Wojcieszyce, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Wojcieszyce, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Wojcieszyce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łoniów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Łoniów, south-west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520395" title="Wólka Gieraszowska">
Wólka Gieraszowska

Wólka Gieraszowska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łoniów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Łoniów, west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520396" title="Zawidza">
Zawidza

Zawidza is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łoniów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Łoniów, south-west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520399" title="Bilcza, Sandomierz County">
Bilcza, Sandomierz County

Bilcza is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrazów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Obrazów, west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520402" title="Chwałki, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Chwałki, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Chwałki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrazów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Obrazów, north-west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 850.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520403" title="Swiss raid commando">
Swiss raid commando

The Swiss Raid Commando was one of the most enduring and most important military competitions worldwide. It was addressed to very well trained, armed force personnel, who were willing to compete in a "commando" type exercise. It was discontinued after the 18th edition in 2009.
The raiders competed in teams of 4, in which at least one patrol member was required to be either an officer or an NCO. Solid infantry training, an excellent physical condition as well as analytical and above-average judgment skills were vital.
The competition's motto was "Vouloir, Croire et Oser" ("Want, Believe and Dare").
History.
The first SRC was held in 1986, implemented by the Neuchatel officers’ society. The 18th edition took place in 2009.
From 1997 through 2003 the event was organized by the Field Division 2, since then by the Swiss Infantry Training Unit. The SRC has the full support of the Department of Defense, Population Protection and Sports (DDPS).
During each edition, an average of 650 soldiers compete, most of who come from elite troops from 15 different nations.

</doc>
<doc id="19520407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520407" title="Dębiany, Sandomierz County">
Dębiany, Sandomierz County

Dębiany is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrazów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Obrazów, west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 410.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520409" title="Głazów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Głazów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Głazów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrazów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Obrazów, west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 440.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520410" title="Jugoszów">
Jugoszów

Jugoszów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrazów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Obrazów, west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 220.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520411" title="Kleczanów">
Kleczanów

Kleczanów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrazów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Obrazów, west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 570.

</doc>
<doc id="19520412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520412" title="Komorna">
Komorna

Komorna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrazów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Obrazów, west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 330.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520413" title="Lenarczyce">
Lenarczyce

Lenarczyce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrazów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Obrazów, west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 480.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520414" title="Malice, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Malice, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Malice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrazów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Obrazów, west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 310.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520415" title="Obrazów">
Obrazów

Obrazów is a village in Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Obrazów. It lies approximately west of Sandomierz and east of the regional capital Kielce.

</doc>
<doc id="19520419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520419" title="Piekary, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Piekary, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Piekary is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrazów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Obrazów, west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 206.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520420" title="Rożki, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Rożki, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Rożki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrazów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Obrazów, west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 340.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520421" title="Sucharzów">
Sucharzów

Sucharzów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrazów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Obrazów, north of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520423" title="Świątniki, Sandomierz County">
Świątniki, Sandomierz County

Świątniki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrazów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Obrazów, west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 470.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520427" title="Święcica, Sandomierz County">
Święcica, Sandomierz County

Święcica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrazów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Obrazów, west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 410.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520429" title="Mahalalepis">
Mahalalepis

Mahalalepis is a genus of prehistoric lobe-finned fish which lived during the Carboniferous period.

</doc>
<doc id="19520430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520430" title="Węgrce Panieńskie">
Węgrce Panieńskie

Węgrce Panieńskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrazów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Obrazów, west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 360.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520431" title="Megapomus">
Megapomus

Megapomus is a genus of prehistoric lobe-finned fish which lived during the Carboniferous period.

</doc>
<doc id="19520432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520432" title="Wierzbiny">
Wierzbiny

Wierzbiny may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19520433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520433" title="Wierzbiny, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Wierzbiny, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Wierzbiny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrazów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Obrazów, north-west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520437" title="Zdanów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Zdanów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Zdanów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrazów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Obrazów, west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 300.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520439" title="Żurawica, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Żurawica, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Żurawica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrazów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Obrazów, west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520441" title="Minuscule 9">
Minuscule 9

Minuscule 9 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 279 (Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 12th century, but according to the colophon it was written in 1167. 
Description.
The codex contains the complete text of the four Gospels, on 298 parchment leaves (). The text is written in one column per page, 20 lines per page, size of text has only 16.4 by 11 cm.
The text is divided according to the ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin, with their ("titles of chapters") at the top of the pages. There is also another division according to the Ammonian Sections (in Mark 234 sections, the last in 16:8), whose numbers are given at the margin, no references to the Eusebian Canons.
It contains the Epistula ad Carpianum and the Eusebian Canon tables at the beginning, subscriptions are given at the end of each Gospel with numbers of ρηματα and numbers of στιχοι. It has also liturgical books with hagiographies (Synaxarion and Menologion), and pictures.
The style is rather barbarous.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Hermann von Soden classified it to the textual family Kx. Aland placed it in Category V.
According to the Claremont Profile Method it represents Kx in Luke 1 and Luke 20. In Luke 10 it has mixed Byzantine text.
In John 1:29 it lacks phrase ο Ιωαννης along with manuscripts Sinaiticus, Alexandrinus, Vaticanus, Cyprius, Campianus, Petropolitanus Purpureus, Vaticanus 354, Nanianus, Macedoniensis, Sangallensis, Koridethi, Petropolitanus, Athous Lavrensis, 045, 047, 0141, 8, 565, 1192;
History.
According to the colophon it was written ωρα γ της ημερας, πολευοντος ζ ηλεου δι επων. "ζ ηλεου" means seventh sun.
It was written when "Manuel Porphyrogennetus was ruler of Constantinople, Amauri of Jerusalem, William II of Sicily".
This codex was used by Robert Estienne in his Editio Regia (1550), in which was designated by him as ιβ'. It was in private hands and belonged to Peter Stella (about 1570). It became a part of collection of Kuster (Kuster's Paris 3).
It was examined and described by Montfaucon and Wettstein. Scholz collated Matthew 1-8; Mark 1-4; John 4-8. It was examined and described by Paulin Martin. C. R. Gregory saw the manuscript in 1885.
The codex now is located at the National Library of France (Gr. 83) in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="19520445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520445" title="Andruszkowice">
Andruszkowice

Andruszkowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Samborzec, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Samborzec, south-west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 210.
See also.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520446" title="Bogoria Skotnicka">
Bogoria Skotnicka

Bogoria Skotnicka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Samborzec, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Samborzec, south-west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520447" title="Bystrojowice">
Bystrojowice

Bystrojowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Samborzec, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Samborzec, west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520448" title="Chobrzany">
Chobrzany

Chobrzany is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Samborzec, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Samborzec, west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520450" title="Faliszowice, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Faliszowice, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Faliszowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Samborzec, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Samborzec, west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 200.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520451" title="Gorzyczany">
Gorzyczany

Gorzyczany is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Samborzec, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Samborzec, south-west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 590.

</doc>
<doc id="19520453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520453" title="Jachimowice">
Jachimowice

Jachimowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Samborzec, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Samborzec, south-west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520454" title="Janowice, Sandomierz County">
Janowice, Sandomierz County

Janowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Samborzec, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Samborzec, west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 570.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520456" title="Kobierniki, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Kobierniki, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Kobierniki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Samborzec, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Samborzec, west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
See also.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520457" title="Koćmierzów">
Koćmierzów

Koćmierzów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Samborzec, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Samborzec, south-west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 480.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520458" title="Krzeczkowice">
Krzeczkowice

Krzeczkowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Samborzec, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Samborzec, west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520459" title="Łojowice, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Łojowice, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Łojowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Samborzec, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Samborzec, west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 230.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520461" title="Milczany, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Milczany, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Milczany is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Samborzec, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Samborzec, west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 440.
See also.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520462" title="Ossolin">
Ossolin

Ossolin may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19520464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520464" title="Ostrołęka, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Ostrołęka, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Ostrołęka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Samborzec, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Samborzec, south-west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 260.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520467" title="Polanów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Polanów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Polanów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Samborzec, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Samborzec, west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 390.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520468" title="Ryłowice">
Ryłowice

Ryłowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Samborzec, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Samborzec, west of Sandomierz, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520469" title="Samborzec">
Samborzec

Samborzec is a village in Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Samborzec. It lies approximately south-west of Sandomierz and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 500.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520471" title="Skotniki, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Skotniki, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Skotniki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Samborzec, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Samborzec, south-west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 260.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520472" title="Śmiechowice">
Śmiechowice

Śmiechowice may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19520475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520475" title="Śmiechowice, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Śmiechowice, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Śmiechowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Samborzec, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Samborzec, west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520476" title="Strączków">
Strączków

Strączków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Samborzec, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Samborzec, west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 200.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520478" title="Strochcice">
Strochcice

Strochcice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Samborzec, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Samborzec, south-west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520479" title="Szewce, Sandomierz County">
Szewce, Sandomierz County

Szewce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Samborzec, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Samborzec, south-west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
Demographics.
The village is wholly Polish in population and entirely Roman Catholic. Almost all of the inhabitants farm, with common crops being apples, cucumbers, tomatoes and a token amount of livestock including chicken, duck and swine. 
The town lacks churches, schools, stores, or any sort of municipal building but does have a volunteer fire brigade. 
Szewce features only one paved road (79) which runs to Sandomierz and one unpaved road with no signage which runs to Skotniki.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520480" title="Graeme Ede">
Graeme Ede

 
 
Graeme Ede (born 7 February 1960 in Southbridge, New Zealand) is a shooting competitor for New Zealand. At the 2006 Commonwealth Games he won a gold medal in the Shooting - Trap event. He previously competed at the 1994 Commonwealth Games in Victoria, Canada.
At the 2008 Beijing Olympics, he finished 18th in qualification in Double Trap and 20th in qualification for Trap.

</doc>
<doc id="19520482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520482" title="Wielogóra, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Wielogóra, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Wielogóra is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Samborzec, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Samborzec, west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 200.
See also.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520488" title="Zajeziorze, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Zajeziorze, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Zajeziorze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Samborzec, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Samborzec, south-west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 556.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520489" title="Zawierzbie, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Zawierzbie, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Zawierzbie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Samborzec, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Samborzec, south-west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520490" title="Zawisełcze">
Zawisełcze

Zawisełcze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Samborzec, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Samborzec, south-west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 250.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520493" title="Złota, Sandomierz County">
Złota, Sandomierz County

Złota is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Samborzec, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Samborzec, south-west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 990.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520500" title="Bożęcin, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Bożęcin, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Bożęcin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilczyce, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Wilczyce, north-west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 80.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520501" title="Bugaj, Sandomierz County">
Bugaj, Sandomierz County

Bugaj is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilczyce, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Wilczyce, north-west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 90.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520502" title="Dacharzów">
Dacharzów

Dacharzów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilczyce, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Wilczyce, north-west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 190.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520503" title="Daromin">
Daromin

Daromin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilczyce, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Wilczyce, north-west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 480.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520504" title="Dobrocice">
Dobrocice

Dobrocice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilczyce, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Wilczyce, north-west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 100.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520506" title="Gałkowice-Ocin">
Gałkowice-Ocin

Gałkowice-Ocin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilczyce, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Wilczyce, north of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 230.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520508" title="Łukawa, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Łukawa, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Łukawa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilczyce, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Wilczyce, north of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 450.

</doc>
<doc id="19520509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520509" title="Tilo Frey">
Tilo Frey

Tilo Frey (born 1923 in Maroua, Cameroon; died 2008 in Neuchâtel) was a Swiss politician. 
Frey was the daughter of a Swiss father, Paul Frey of Brugg, and a Fula mother, Fatimatou Bibabadama.
She was educated as a teacher and taught business classes at the "Ecole de commerce" of Neuchâtel in 1972-1976. From 1976 to 1984, she was director of the "Ecole professionnelle de jeunes filles".
In 1969, she was elected as the first woman to cantonal parliament of Neuchâtel.
She served as a Swiss National Councillor for the PRD of the canton of Neuchâtel from 1971 to 1975 (39th legislation). 
She was one of ten women elected in the first Swiss national elections with the participation of women. 
She was the first person of African ancestry to be elected to the national council.
The context of her election was the recently granted women's suffrage in Switzerland, and the xenophobic campaign led by James Schwarzenbach.

</doc>
<doc id="19520511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520511" title="Ocinek">
Ocinek

Ocinek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilczyce, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Wilczyce, north-west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520513" title="Pęczyny">
Pęczyny

Pęczyny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilczyce, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Wilczyce, north-west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520515" title="Pielaszów">
Pielaszów

Pielaszów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilczyce, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Wilczyce, north-west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 200.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520517" title="Przezwody, Sandomierz County">
Przezwody, Sandomierz County

Przezwody is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilczyce, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Wilczyce, north-west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 350.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520520" title="Radoszki, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Radoszki, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Radoszki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilczyce, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Wilczyce, north-west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 480.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520522" title="Tułkowice, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Tułkowice, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Tułkowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilczyce, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Wilczyce, north-west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520523" title="Wilczyce, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Wilczyce, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Wilczyce is a village in Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Wilczyce. It lies approximately north-west of Sandomierz and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 830.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520525" title="Wysiadłów">
Wysiadłów

Wysiadłów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilczyce, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Wilczyce, north-west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520527" title="Zagrody, Sandomierz County">
Zagrody, Sandomierz County

Zagrody is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilczyce, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Wilczyce, north-west of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 140.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520530" title="Dampa Sangye">
Dampa Sangye

Dampa Sangye (Wylie: "Dam pa sangs rgyas", (d.1117 (tib.: "pha dam pa sangs rgyas")) often known as Pha Dhampa Sangye. or 'Father Dampa Sangye', was a Buddhist Mahasiddha of the Indian Tantric Movement who transmitted many teachings based on both Sutrayana and Tantrayana to Buddhist practitioners in Tibet in the late 11th Century. He travelled to Tibet more than five times. It was on his third trip from India to Tibet that he met Machig Labdrön. Dampa Sangye appears in many of the lineages of Chöd and so in Tibet he is known as the Father of Chod, however perhaps his best known teaching is the 'Pacifying Suffering' teaching known variously as: "Shee Ché", "Shijed", "Zibyed" and "Zhi-je" (). This teaching became an element of the Mahamudra Chöd lineages founded by Machig Labdron.
His Tibetan name Pha dam pa Sangs rgyas, translates into Sanskrit as Buddha Paramapitri, literally "Buddha Excellent Father". He often was identified by the descriptive name Nagpopa, meaning "Black One".
According to a prediction of Padmasambhava he himself would be reborn in the life of Machig Lapdron as Phadampa Sangye. His outer skincolour was black then.
Another text says: "Padampa Sangye (known in India as Paramabuddha) was from southern India, and traveled widely in India, Tibet and China, until his death around 1117 AD. It is widely believed that Padampa Sangye was a mindstream 'emanation' (tulku) of the 8th century monk Kamalaśīla, one of the early teachers of the Dharma in Tibet. He spent much time teaching in the Tingri valley, located between Tibet and Nepal, where he founded a monastery..
"Drum khar Nagpopa": Khampa yogi who meditated in dark retreat for 18 years was -according to Keith Dowman- considered to have been the twelfth of Dudjom Rinpoches/Jiktrel Yeshe Dorje seventeen previous incarnations.
According to Dilgo Khyentse Rinpoche (1910–1991), considered an emanation of Padampa Sangye, the story goes that the great pandit Śāntarakṣita, who was instrumental in transplanting Buddhism from India to Tibet, promised that one of his students would come one day to complete his work. Kamalaśīla (Tib., Padampa Sangye) fulfilled this prophecy. 
Khyentse Rinpoche in a 1987 gathering of students at Shechen Monastery, his seat in Nepal, offered a commentary on the Hundred Verses of Padampa Sangye.
In the esoteric oral tradition of Tibetan Buddhism a version of Dampa Sangye's life-story has him travelling to China and teaching there for 12 years, where he was known as Bodhidharma the founder of Zen. Dampa Sangye is associated with the Tingri area of Tibet, where he lived for many years.
Bardok Chusang Rinpoche is recognized as the incarnation Dampa Sangye. He is a married yogi, living in Kathmandu.
There is a morality tale, allegory and teaching story inherent within the transmission of Chöd to Tibet that has been culturally remembered as a Cham dance. In this sacred dance, Moheyan is generally depicted as of ample girth goaded by children. Chöd is a product of both the Indian and Chinese transmissions of Buddhism into the Himalaya. For a discussion of the Dunhuang fulcrum of the entwined relationship of Chinese and Indian Buddhism refer van Schaik and Dalton (2004).
For simplicity, the Indian tantric transmission may be characterized as "gradual" (Tibetan: "rim gyis ‘jug pa"; Chinese: "tun-wu") and the Chinese Chán transmission may be characterized as "direct" (Tibetan: "cig car gyi ‘jug pa"; Chinese: "chien-wu"). It needs to be emphasized that this neat dichotomy in characterization of these two approaches to the Dharma, is only valid for the historical context of the great debate between Kamalaśīla and Moheyan, arranged by Trisong Detsen and even then it is still open to dialectic. This debate has been named the "Council of Samye" by Giuseppe Tucci but is generally known as the "Council of Lhasa". According to the general Tibetan tradition, the two years of the debate transpired at Samye, a significant distance from Lhasa. According to the lore of the orthodox, prevailing Tibetan cultural tradition, Kamalashila, a "mahapandita" and scholar educated at Nalanda, advocated the "gradual" process to enlightenment; whereas, Moheyan, as a trance and meditation master advocated the "direct" awakening of original mind through the "nirodha" (Sanskrit) of discursive thought, the cessation of the mind of ideation. The historicity of this debate has been drawn into question by Gomez (1983) and Ruegg (1992) though this does not lessen its importance in defining the religious and cultural traditions of Tibet. Kamalaśīla was very handsome and a great orator and historically "won" the debate: Though there are conflicting primary sources and secondary accounts.
One hagiography asserts that directly after this debate with Moheyan, as Kamalashila was making his way down from the Himalaya to the Indian lowlands, he was incited to enact "phowa" through compassionate duress, transferring his mindstream to animate a corpse polluted with contagion; and thereby, safely moving the hazard it presented. As the mindstream of Kamalashila was otherwise engaged, a Mahasidda by the name of Dampa Sangye came across the vacant "kuten" or "physical basis" of Kamalashila. Padampa Sangye, was not karmically blessed with an aesthetic corporeal form, and upon finding the very handsome and healthy empty body of Kamalashila, which he perceived as a newly dead fresh corpse, transferred his mindstream into Kamalashila's body. Padampa Sangye's mindstream in Kamalashila's body continued the ascent to the Himalaya and thereby transmitted the Chöd. The mindstream of Kamalashila upon endeavouring to return to his "kuten" was unable to do so and resorted by necessity to the vacant body of Padampa Sangye. The mindstream of Padampa Sangye continued in this body, and it is in this body that the transmission of Chod was made to Machig Labdrön.
Tingri Hundred (Wylie: ding ri brgya rtsa).
Padampa Sangye's last testament to the people of Tingri is known by various names in English 'The Tingri Hundred' or the 'Hundred Verses'. The Wylie of the Tibetan is available on the Internet.

</doc>
<doc id="19520532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520532" title="Chrapanów">
Chrapanów

Chrapanów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawichost, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Zawichost, north of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520533" title="Czyżów Plebański">
Czyżów Plebański

Czyżów Plebański is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawichost, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Zawichost, north of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520535" title="Czyżów Szlachecki">
Czyżów Szlachecki

Czyżów Szlachecki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawichost, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Zawichost, north of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520538" title="Dąbie, Sandomierz County">
Dąbie, Sandomierz County

Dąbie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawichost, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Zawichost, north of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520542" title="Dziurów, Sandomierz County">
Dziurów, Sandomierz County

Dziurów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawichost, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Zawichost, north of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520544" title="Józefków">
Józefków

Józefków may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19520545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520545" title="Józefków, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Józefków, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Józefków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawichost, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Zawichost, north of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520546" title="Kolecin">
Kolecin

Kolecin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawichost, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Zawichost, north of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520550" title="Linów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Linów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Linów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawichost, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Zawichost, north of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has an approximate population of 690.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520551" title="Linów-Kolonia">
Linów-Kolonia

Linów-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawichost, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Zawichost, north of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520553" title="Pawłów, Sandomierz County">
Pawłów, Sandomierz County

Pawłów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawichost, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Zawichost, north of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520554" title="Piotrowice, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Piotrowice, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Piotrowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawichost, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Zawichost, north of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520556" title="Podszyn">
Podszyn

Podszyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawichost, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Zawichost, north of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520558" title="Wygoda, Sandomierz County">
Wygoda, Sandomierz County

Wygoda is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawichost, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Zawichost, north of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520561" title="Wyspa, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Wyspa, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Wyspa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawichost, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Zawichost, north of Sandomierz, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520573" title="Brzeście, Skarżysko County">
Brzeście, Skarżysko County

Brzeście is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bliżyn, within Skarżysko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Bliżyn, west of Skarżysko-Kamienna, and north-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 270.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520575" title="Bugaj, Skarżysko County">
Bugaj, Skarżysko County

Bugaj is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bliżyn, within Skarżysko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Bliżyn, west of Skarżysko-Kamienna, and north-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520577" title="Drożdżów">
Drożdżów

Drożdżów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bliżyn, within Skarżysko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Bliżyn, west of Skarżysko-Kamienna, and north of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 140.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520578" title="Gilów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Gilów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Gilów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bliżyn, within Skarżysko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Bliżyn, west of Skarżysko-Kamienna, and north of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 400.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520580" title="Górki, Skarżysko County">
Górki, Skarżysko County

Górki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bliżyn, within Skarżysko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Bliżyn, west of Skarżysko-Kamienna, and north of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 480.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520582" title="Gostków, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Gostków, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Gostków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bliżyn, within Skarżysko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Bliżyn, west of Skarżysko-Kamienna, and north of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 360.

</doc>
<doc id="19520584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520584" title="Jastrzębia, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Jastrzębia, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Jastrzębia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bliżyn, within Skarżysko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Bliżyn, west of Skarżysko-Kamienna, and north of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 90.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520590" title="Kopcie, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Kopcie, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Kopcie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bliżyn, within Skarżysko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Bliżyn, west of Skarżysko-Kamienna, and north of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 172.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520592" title="Kucębów">
Kucębów

Kucębów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bliżyn, within Skarżysko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Bliżyn, west of Skarżysko-Kamienna, and north of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 380.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520594" title="Mroczków">
Mroczków

Mroczków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bliżyn, within Skarżysko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Bliżyn, west of Skarżysko-Kamienna, and north of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 630.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520596" title="Nowki">
Nowki

Nowki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bliżyn, within Skarżysko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Bliżyn, west of Skarżysko-Kamienna, and north of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 150.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520598" title="Nowy Odrowążek">
Nowy Odrowążek

Nowy Odrowążek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bliżyn, within Skarżysko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Bliżyn, west of Skarżysko-Kamienna, and north of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 240.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520599" title="Odrowążek">
Odrowążek

Odrowążek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bliżyn, within Skarżysko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Bliżyn, west of Skarżysko-Kamienna, and north of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 540.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520600" title="Rentian, Fujian">
Rentian, Fujian

Rentian (), formerly known as Taiping (), is a town of Shanghang County, in southwestern Fujian province, People's Republic of China.
Administration.
Officially, there are 20 villages:

</doc>
<doc id="19520602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520602" title="Płaczków">
Płaczków

Płaczków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bliżyn, within Skarżysko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Bliżyn, west of Skarżysko-Kamienna, and north of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 480.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520603" title="Rędocin">
Rędocin

Rędocin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bliżyn, within Skarżysko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Bliżyn, north-west of Skarżysko-Kamienna, and north of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 80.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520606" title="Sobótka, Skarżysko County">
Sobótka, Skarżysko County

Sobótka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bliżyn, within Skarżysko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Bliżyn, west of Skarżysko-Kamienna, and north of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 230.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520609" title="Sołtyków, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Sołtyków, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Sołtyków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bliżyn, within Skarżysko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Bliżyn, west of Skarżysko-Kamienna, and north of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 230.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520612" title="Ubyszów">
Ubyszów

Ubyszów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bliżyn, within Skarżysko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Bliżyn, west of Skarżysko-Kamienna, and north of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 380.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520613" title="Wojtyniów">
Wojtyniów

Wojtyniów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bliżyn, within Skarżysko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Bliżyn, west of Skarżysko-Kamienna, and north-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 460.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520616" title="Wołów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Wołów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Wołów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bliżyn, within Skarżysko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Bliżyn, west of Skarżysko-Kamienna, and north-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 310.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520618" title="Zagórze, Gmina Bliżyn">
Zagórze, Gmina Bliżyn

Zagórze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bliżyn, within Skarżysko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Bliżyn, west of Skarżysko-Kamienna, and north-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 270.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520621" title="Zbrojów">
Zbrojów

Zbrojów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bliżyn, within Skarżysko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Bliżyn, west of Skarżysko-Kamienna, and north of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 210.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520629" title="Czerwona Górka, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Czerwona Górka, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Czerwona Górka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łączna, within Skarżysko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Łączna, south-west of Skarżysko-Kamienna, and north-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 369.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520630" title="Gózd, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Gózd, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Gózd is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łączna, within Skarżysko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Łączna, south-west of Skarżysko-Kamienna, and north-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 560. North of Gózd at there is a 104 metres tall free-standing lattice tower used as radio relay.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520632" title="Jaśle">
Jaśle

Jaśle is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łączna, within Skarżysko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520635" title="Jęgrzna">
Jęgrzna

Jęgrzna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łączna, within Skarżysko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Łączna, south-west of Skarżysko-Kamienna, and north-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 490.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520636" title="Kamionki">
Kamionki

Kamionki may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19520639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520639" title="Kamionki, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Kamionki, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Kamionki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łączna, within Skarżysko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Łączna, south-west of Skarżysko-Kamienna, and north-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520642" title="Klonów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Klonów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Klonów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łączna, within Skarżysko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Łączna, south of Skarżysko-Kamienna, and north-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 270.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520643" title="Łączna, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Łączna, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Łączna is a village in Skarżysko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Łączna. It lies approximately south-west of Skarżysko-Kamienna and north-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 780.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520646" title="Osełków">
Osełków

Osełków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łączna, within Skarżysko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Łączna, south-west of Skarżysko-Kamienna, and north-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520648" title="Podłazie, Skarżysko County">
Podłazie, Skarżysko County

Podłazie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łączna, within Skarżysko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Łączna, south-west of Skarżysko-Kamienna, and north-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 460.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520649" title="Podzagnańszcze">
Podzagnańszcze

Podzagnańszcze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łączna, within Skarżysko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Łączna, south-west of Skarżysko-Kamienna, and north-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520651" title="Stawik, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Stawik, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Stawik is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łączna, within Skarżysko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520654" title="Występa">
Występa

Występa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łączna, within Skarżysko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Łączna, south-west of Skarżysko-Kamienna, and north-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 380.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520655" title="Zagórze, Gmina Łączna">
Zagórze, Gmina Łączna

Zagórze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łączna, within Skarżysko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Łączna, south-west of Skarżysko-Kamienna, and north-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520656" title="Zalezianka">
Zalezianka

Zalezianka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łączna, within Skarżysko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Łączna, south-west of Skarżysko-Kamienna, and north-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 410.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520657" title="Zaskale, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Zaskale, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Zaskale is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łączna, within Skarżysko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Łączna, south-west of Skarżysko-Kamienna, and north-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 250.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520662" title="Grzybowa Góra">
Grzybowa Góra

Grzybowa Góra is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skarżysko Kościelne, within Skarżysko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Skarżysko Kościelne, north-east of Skarżysko-Kamienna, and north-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 1,052.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520666" title="Jagodne, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Jagodne, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Jagodne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mirzec, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Skarżysko-Kamienna and north-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 720.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520669" title="Kierz Niedźwiedzi">
Kierz Niedźwiedzi

Kierz Niedźwiedzi is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skarżysko Kościelne, within Skarżysko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Skarżysko Kościelne, north of Skarżysko-Kamienna, and north-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 740.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520672" title="Lipowe Pole Plebańskie">
Lipowe Pole Plebańskie

Lipowe Pole Plebańskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skarżysko Kościelne, within Skarżysko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Skarżysko Kościelne, north of Skarżysko-Kamienna, and north-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 720.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520673" title="Lipowe Pole Skarbowe">
Lipowe Pole Skarbowe

Lipowe Pole Skarbowe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skarżysko Kościelne, within Skarżysko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Skarżysko Kościelne, north-west of Skarżysko-Kamienna, and north-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520679" title="Majków, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Majków, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Majków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skarżysko Kościelne, within Skarżysko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Skarżysko Kościelne, south of Skarżysko-Kamienna, and north-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 948.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520681" title="Michałów, Skarżysko County">
Michałów, Skarżysko County

Michałów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skarżysko Kościelne, within Skarżysko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Skarżysko Kościelne, south-east of Skarżysko-Kamienna, and north-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 270.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520683" title="Świerczek, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Świerczek, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Świerczek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skarżysko Kościelne, within Skarżysko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Skarżysko Kościelne, north of Skarżysko-Kamienna, and north-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 360.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520690" title="Krzyżka">
Krzyżka

Krzyżka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchedniów, within Skarżysko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Suchedniów, south-west of Skarżysko-Kamienna, and north-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 180.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520691" title="Michniów">
Michniów

Michniów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchedniów, within Skarżysko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Suchedniów, south-west of Skarżysko-Kamienna, and north-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 440.
Michniów massacre.
During World War II, region of Michniów was occupied by the Germans from September 1939 until January 1945. Under the occupation, it was one of centres of the Polish underground partisan movement. On 12 and 13 July 1943, a population of Michniów was massacred by the German Police units (of the 17th and the 22nd Police Regiments), commanded by Hauptmann Geruf Mayer, for helping the partisans. After the first massacre on 12 July, when 98 men were burned alive in barns, the partisans headed by Jan Piwnik "Ponury", made a retaliatory assault on a train from Kraków to Warsaw at night. On the next day, the Germans returned to continue the massacre. During two days, at least 203 inhabitants were killed - 103 males, 53 women and 47 children. Further 11 persons - the only ones suspected by the Germans for underground activities - were sent to Auschwitz concentration camp, where 6 died. The village was next completely burned.
After the war, Michniów was settled again. The village became one of most known symbols of the German atrocities in Poland, although there were several greater massacres. From early 1980s, a museum and mausoleum of all Poland's massacred villages was built in Michniów.

</doc>
<doc id="19520692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520692" title="Mostki, Skarżysko County">
Mostki, Skarżysko County

Mostki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchedniów, within Skarżysko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Suchedniów, south of Skarżysko-Kamienna, and north-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 510.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520693" title="Ostojów">
Ostojów

Ostojów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchedniów, within Skarżysko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Suchedniów, south-west of Skarżysko-Kamienna, and north-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 940.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520701" title="Sorbin, Poland">
Sorbin, Poland

Sorbin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bliżyn, within Skarżysko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Bliżyn, west of Skarżysko-Kamienna, and north of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 560.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520708" title="Adamów, Starachowice County">
Adamów, Starachowice County

Adamów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brody, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Brody, south-east of Starachowice, and north-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 883.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520709" title="Bór Kunowski">
Bór Kunowski

Bór Kunowski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brody, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Brody, east of Starachowice, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 213.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520713" title="Brody, Starachowice County">
Brody, Starachowice County

Brody is a village in Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Brody. It lies approximately east of Starachowice and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 1,737.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520715" title="Budy Brodzkie">
Budy Brodzkie

Budy Brodzkie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brody, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Brody, east of Starachowice, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 157.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520716" title="Dziurów, Starachowice County">
Dziurów, Starachowice County

Dziurów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brody, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Brody, south-east of Starachowice, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 909.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520719" title="Henryk, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Henryk, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Henryk is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brody, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Brody, east of Starachowice, and north-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 120.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520721" title="Jabłonna, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Jabłonna, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Jabłonna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brody, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Brody, south-east of Starachowice, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 363.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520724" title="Krynki, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Krynki, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Krynki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brody, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Brody, south-east of Starachowice, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 1,273.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520725" title="Kuczów">
Kuczów

Kuczów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brody, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Brody, south-east of Starachowice, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 993.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520727" title="Lipie, Starachowice County">
Lipie, Starachowice County

Lipie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brody, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Brody, north-east of Starachowice, and north-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 530.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520729" title="Lubienia, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Lubienia, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Lubienia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brody, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Brody, east of Starachowice, and north-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 1,094.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520731" title="Młynek, Starachowice County">
Młynek, Starachowice County

Młynek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brody, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Brody, east of Starachowice, and north-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 915.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520732" title="Połągiew">
Połągiew

Połągiew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brody, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Brody, east of Starachowice, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 260.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520734" title="Ruda, Starachowice County">
Ruda, Starachowice County

Ruda is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brody, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Brody, south-east of Starachowice, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 603.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520735" title="Rudnik, Starachowice County">
Rudnik, Starachowice County

Rudnik is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brody, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Brody, south-east of Starachowice, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 373.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520736" title="Staw Kunowski">
Staw Kunowski

Staw Kunowski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brody, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Brody, east of Starachowice, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 368.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520740" title="Exodus (2007 Hong Kong film)">
Exodus (2007 Hong Kong film)

Exodus (出埃及記) is a 2007 Hong Kong film directed by Pang Ho-Cheung.
Critical reception.
The film opened to generally very positive reviews with the Hong Kong press. Perry Lam, in "Muse", praised Simon Yam's performance, claiming the film featured 'the best acting that the prolific and still under-recognized Yam has done.'

</doc>
<doc id="19520741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520741" title="Styków, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Styków, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Styków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brody, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Brody, south-east of Starachowice, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 792.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520756" title="Gadka, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Gadka, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Gadka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mirzec, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Mirzec, north-west of Starachowice, and north-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 1,300.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520758" title="Krupów">
Krupów

Krupów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mirzec, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Mirzec, north of Starachowice, and north-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 110.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520759" title="Krzewa">
Krzewa

Krzewa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mirzec, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Mirzec, north-east of Starachowice, and north-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 90.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520765" title="Małyszyn Dolny">
Małyszyn Dolny

Małyszyn Dolny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mirzec, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Mirzec, north-east of Starachowice, and north-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520767" title="Małyszyn Górny">
Małyszyn Górny

Małyszyn Górny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mirzec, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Mirzec, north-east of Starachowice, and north-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 710.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520769" title="Mirzec">
Mirzec

Mirzec is a village in Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Mirzec. It lies approximately north of Starachowice and north-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 2,100.

</doc>
<doc id="19520771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520771" title="Osiny, Starachowice County">
Osiny, Starachowice County

Osiny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mirzec, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Mirzec, north of Starachowice, and north-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 780.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520773" title="Ostrożanka">
Ostrożanka

Ostrożanka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mirzec, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Mirzec, north-east of Starachowice, and north-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 400.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520776" title="Trębowiec Duży">
Trębowiec Duży

Trębowiec Duży is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mirzec, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Mirzec, north of Starachowice, and north-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 370.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520778" title="Trębowiec Mały">
Trębowiec Mały

Trębowiec Mały is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mirzec, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Mirzec, north of Starachowice, and north-east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520779" title="Tychów Nowy">
Tychów Nowy

Tychów Nowy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mirzec, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Mirzec, north of Starachowice, and north-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 820.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520780" title="Tychów Stary">
Tychów Stary

Tychów Stary is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mirzec, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Mirzec, north of Starachowice, and north-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 880.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520782" title="Endre Rozsda">
Endre Rozsda

Endre Rozsda (,; 18 November 1913, Mohács - 17 September 1999, Paris) was a Hungarian-French painter.
Life.
Rozsda was born in Mohács, south Hungary on 18 November 1913. At the age of 18 he started to paint in the school of Vilmos Aba-Novak. He had his first solo exhibition at the Tamas Gallery in Budapest in 1936, with great success. His work at this period mostly belonged to post-impressionism until he attended a concert at the Academy of Music, and heard Béla Bartók play his "Sonata composed for two pianos and percussions". "I was drunk from that music. I felt it criticizes my art. I understood that I am not my own contemporary." . In 1938 he settled in Paris and discovered surrealism, meeting Picasso, Arpad Szenes, Maria Helena Vieira da Silva, Etienne Hajdu, Giacometti, Max Ernst and Françoise Gilot.
After the German occupation of Paris he had to return to Budapest. In 1945 he was one of the founders of the European School of modern art in Hungary. After 1948 all non-official art forms were prohibited by the Communist regime, so Rozsda painted in secret and never exhibited. Fleeing from Communist repression in Hungary after the Hungarian Revolution of 1956, Rozsda returned to France.
He had many exhibitions at the Furstenberg Gallery (1957, 1963, 1965), where the preface to the catalogue was written by André Breton, who wrote "We have the chance to find out in the paintings accomplished secretly by Rozsda during the last few years, and which good fortune allowed him to bring with him into exile. Here is the supreme example of what had to be kept hidden if one wanted to survive, and, equally, of the inner necessity that had to be snatched from the vilest coercion. Here the forces of death and love are pitted against each other; everywhere under the magma of blackened leaves and broken wings irresistible forces are seeking a way of escape so that nature and the human spirit may renew themselves through the most sumptuous of sacrifices, that which the spring demands in order that it may be born."
In 1961, Rozsda participated in the International Exhibition of Surrealism at the Gallery Schwarz in Milan, Italy. The same year, his works were exhibited in memory of "L’Art Dégéneré" at the Alte Pinakothek of Munich and at the Museum of Decorative Arts in Paris.
In the 1960s he continued creating his work, transcending surrealism. In 1964 he received the Copley Prize (USA) from a jury composed of Hans Arp, Max Ernst, Man Ray, Darius Milhaud and Marcel Duchamp.
He became a French citizen in 1970 and moved to the Bateau Lavoir. He died in Paris on 17 September 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="19520784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520784" title="Ambrożów">
Ambrożów

Ambrożów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłów, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Pawłów, south of Starachowice, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 440.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520786" title="Bronkowice">
Bronkowice

Bronkowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłów, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Pawłów, south-west of Starachowice, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 420.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520787" title="Brzezie, Starachowice County">
Brzezie, Starachowice County

Brzezie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłów, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Pawłów, south of Starachowice, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 520.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520790" title="Bukówka, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Bukówka, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Bukówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłów, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Pawłów, south of Starachowice, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 280.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520792" title="Chybice">
Chybice

Chybice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłów, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Pawłów, south of Starachowice, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 430.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520794" title="Dąbrowa, Starachowice County">
Dąbrowa, Starachowice County

Dąbrowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłów, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Pawłów, south-east of Starachowice, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 900.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520795" title="Godów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Godów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Godów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłów, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Pawłów, south-east of Starachowice, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 510.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520798" title="Grabków, Starachowice County">
Grabków, Starachowice County

Grabków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłów, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Pawłów, south of Starachowice, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 430.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520800" title="Jadowniki, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Jadowniki, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Jadowniki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłów, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Pawłów, south of Starachowice, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 750.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520801" title="Kałków">
Kałków

Kałków may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19520802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520802" title="Kałków, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Kałków, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Kałków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłów, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Pawłów, south-east of Starachowice, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 490.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520804" title="Krajków, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Krajków, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Krajków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłów, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Pawłów, south of Starachowice, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 240.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520807" title="Łomno, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Łomno, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Łomno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłów, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Pawłów, south of Starachowice, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 700.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520810" title="Modrzewie, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Modrzewie, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Modrzewie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłów, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Pawłów, south of Starachowice, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 230.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520813" title="Nieczulice, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Nieczulice, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Nieczulice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłów, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Pawłów, south of Starachowice, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 470.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520815" title="Nowy Bostów">
Nowy Bostów

Nowy Bostów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłów, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Pawłów, south of Starachowice, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 400.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520816" title="Nowy Jawor">
Nowy Jawor

Nowy Jawor is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłów, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Pawłów, south of Starachowice, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 180.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520818" title="Pawłów, Starachowice County">
Pawłów, Starachowice County

Pawłów is a village in Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Pawłów. It lies approximately south of Starachowice and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 1,100.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520821" title="Pokrzywnica, Starachowice County">
Pokrzywnica, Starachowice County

Pokrzywnica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłów, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Pawłów, south of Starachowice, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 350.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520824" title="Radkowice, Starachowice County">
Radkowice, Starachowice County

Radkowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłów, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Pawłów, south of Starachowice, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 610.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520825" title="Radkowice-Kolonia">
Radkowice-Kolonia

Radkowice-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłów, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Pawłów, south of Starachowice, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520826" title="Rzepin Drugi">
Rzepin Drugi

Rzepin Drugi is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłów, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Pawłów, south-east of Starachowice, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 960.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520827" title="Rzepin Pierwszy">
Rzepin Pierwszy

Rzepin Pierwszy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłów, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Pawłów, south of Starachowice, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 600.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520828" title="Rzepin-Kolonia">
Rzepin-Kolonia

Rzepin-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłów, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Pawłów, south of Starachowice, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 560.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520830" title="Rzepinek, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Rzepinek, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Rzepinek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłów, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Pawłów, south of Starachowice, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 150.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520833" title="Stary Bostów">
Stary Bostów

Stary Bostów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłów, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Pawłów, south of Starachowice, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 430.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520834" title="Stary Jawor">
Stary Jawor

Stary Jawor is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłów, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Pawłów, south of Starachowice, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 80.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520836" title="Świętomarz">
Świętomarz

Świętomarz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłów, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Pawłów, south of Starachowice, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 120.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520838" title="Świślina, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Świślina, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Świślina is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłów, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Pawłów, south of Starachowice, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 340.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520840" title="Szeligi">
Szeligi

Szeligi may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19520841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520841" title="Szeligi, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Szeligi, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Szeligi is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłów, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Pawłów, south-east of Starachowice, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 190.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520842" title="Szerzawy, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Szerzawy, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Szerzawy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłów, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Pawłów, south of Starachowice, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 750.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520843" title="Lionel Tollemache, 4th Earl of Dysart">
Lionel Tollemache, 4th Earl of Dysart

Lionel Tollemache, 4th Earl of Dysart KT (1 May 1708 – 1770), styled Lord Huntingtower from 1712 to 1727, was a Scottish nobleman.
Lionel's father, Lionel Tollemache, Lord Huntingtower died in 1712. As grandson of the 3rd Earl of Dysart, he became heir to the title. On his grandfather's death in 1727, he inherited the title and the estates of Ham House in Surrey, Helmingham Hall in Suffolk, Harrington and Bentley in Northamptonshire, and the estate in Cheshire. The following year he went on a Grand Tour.
In 1729, he was elected High Steward of Ipswich, a post he held for 41 years.
Also in 1729 he married Lady Grace Carteret (b.8 July 1713, c.22 July 1713 St James, Westminster), daughter of John Carteret, 2nd Earl Granville, by whom he had sixteen children:
In 1743, Dysart was appointed a Knight of the Thistle. He was apparently very parsimonious towards his eldest son, who married Charlotte Walpole in 1760 without his father's knowledge.
Grace died in 1755, aged 42, at the Earl's new house in New Burlington Street, London. The 4th Earl died in 1770, aged 72 and was buried in Helmingham. He was succeeded as earl by his eldest son, Lionel who erected no memorial to either of his parents. He was also survived by another son; Wilbraham and three daughters; Frances, Louisa and Jane.

</doc>
<doc id="19520844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520844" title="Tarczek">
Tarczek

Tarczek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłów, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Pawłów, south of Starachowice, and east of the regional capital Kielce. The village has a population of 590.
Tarczek lies on the Psarka river, among the hills of Gory Swietokrzyskie, north of Lysogory. The village is divided into two parts: Lower Tarczek (Tarczek Dolny), and Upper Tarczek (Tarczek Gorny). It has the parish church of Saint Giles. The village is located along regional road 752, which goes from Starachowice to Kielce. 
In the Middle Ages, Tarczek belonged to the Bishops of Krakow, who had a manor house here, together with a church, erected in 1067 by Wladyslaw Herman, as a votum for the birth of his son Boleslaw Krzywousty. In 1227, Bishop Iwo Odrowaz, with permission of Prince of Sandomierz Leszek I the White allowed German settlers (see Ostsiedlung) to come and settle in the area of Tarczek. The village was granted Magdeburg rights in the year 1259, and was the seat of a castellan. It was a trade center of local importance, together with such towns, as Ilza and Wierzbica. In 1244, Tarczek was destroyed by Prince Konrad I of Masovia, and in 1268, it was burned in a Lithuanian raid. In the late 13th century, with permission of King Wenceslaus II of Bohemia, Tarczek was surrounded by a defensive wall. 
In the mid 14th century, Bishop of Krakow Jan Bodzanta founded the town of Bodzentyn, located five kilometers from Tarczek. The bishop moved the market place and the castellany to Bodzentyn, after which Tarczek lost its importance and in 1412 was stripped of town charter. In the 15th century, Jan Dlugosz wrote that Tarczek used to be an important town of the bishops (oppidum notabile). Until the Partitions of Poland, the village was part of Lesser Poland’s Sandomierz Voivodeship, and in 1815 - 1915, it belonged to Russian-controlled Congress Poland. 
Main object of interest in the village is Romanesque church of Saint Giles from the first half of the 13th century, built in the location of the earlier church from 1067. It has one nave, and the church is made from limestone, with Romanesque walls, except for Western facade, which was rebuilt in the 16th century. In the southern wall of the presbytery there is a late Gothic portal. Gothic vault was rebuilt after World War II. Inside the church there are remains of a late Renaissance polychrome, a Gothic relief, a Renaissance triptych (1540), a Romanesque baptismal font, and a Baroque pulpit. The church was partly destroyed in the Swedish invasion of Poland. In the parish cemetery there are two 300 years old tilias.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520845" title="Trzeszków">
Trzeszków

Trzeszków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłów, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Pawłów, south of Starachowice, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 370.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520846" title="Warszówek">
Warszówek

Warszówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłów, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Pawłów, south of Starachowice, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 440.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520847" title="Wawrzeńczyce, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Wawrzeńczyce, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Wawrzeńczyce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłów, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Pawłów, south of Starachowice, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 270.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520849" title="Gnolia">
Gnolia

Gnolia, named Ma.gnolia until 2009, was a social bookmarking web site with an emphasis on design, social features, and open standards. It is now perhaps most notable for losing members' bookmarks in a widely reported data loss incident in January 2009. It relaunched as a smaller service several months later and was ultimately shut down at the end of 2010.
Users could rate bookmarks and mark bookmarks as private. Unlike its main competitor Delicious, Ma.gnolia stored snapshots of bookmarked web pages. One feature that distinguished it from other similar web sites was the "group" feature, which allowed several users to share a common collection of bookmarks, managed by a selected number of group managers.
The design of the web site allowed for integration of the service into other applications via both a REST API and an API similar to the Delicious API.
Open standards.
Ma.gnolia supported open standards and was often among early adopters of these standards. The bookmarking service provided support for several Microformats: In July and August 2006, among other information, support for MicroID and XFN was announced on the Ma.gnolia blog. The announcements were well received by the community around online reputation management services.
In December 2007, Ma.gnolia collaborated with Engagd to let users build attention profiles from their bookmarks. In March 2008, Ma.gnolia changed its join and sign-in pages to require users to sign up with a verified identity using OpenID. In August 2008, Ma.gnolia, among others, signed the OAuth 1.0 license.
M2 project.
In August 2008, founder Larry Halff announced a ground-up rewrite of the service called "M2". Parts of the new version were going to be provided under an open source license. It was planned that custom installations of Ma.gnolia can be federated with other installations or the Ma.gnolia website itself. This distributed aspect was the main difference from a similar project by Reddit.
January 2009 total data loss.
Ma.gnolia servers lost all data in a complete outage on January 30, 2009. On February 17, Halff announced that due to data corruption, all user data in the database was irretrievable, rendering the site essentially dead. 
Ma.gnolia's Recovery Tools allowed users to recover some data from web caches and from other feeds. However, since the tools rely on external sources to reconstruct users' data, they were limited in how much data they could restore.
Relaunch and shutdown.
Halff relaunched Ma.gnolia in September 2009 with basically the same software but as a small, invitation-only service. After a request from Magnolia (CMS), it changed its name to Gnolia in October 2009.
In September 2010, Halff announced that he was shutting down Gnolia as of September 29, 2010. "Gnolia will go into read-only mode in a week on September 29, 2010. It will then remain available for bookmark exporting until at least November 30, 2010."

</doc>
<doc id="19520850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520850" title="Wieloborowice">
Wieloborowice

Wieloborowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłów, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Pawłów, south of Starachowice, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 310.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520851" title="Zbrza, Starachowice County">
Zbrza, Starachowice County

Zbrza is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłów, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Pawłów, south-east of Starachowice, and east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 80.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520856" title="Marcinków, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Marcinków, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Marcinków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąchock, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Wąchock, north-west of Starachowice, and north-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 674.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520857" title="Parszów">
Parszów

Parszów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąchock, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Wąchock, west of Starachowice, and north-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 1,720.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520858" title="Rataje, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Rataje, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Rataje is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąchock, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Wąchock, west of Starachowice, and north-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 425.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520859" title="Węglów">
Węglów

Węglów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąchock, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Wąchock, west of Starachowice, and north-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 257.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520860" title="Wielka Wieś, Starachowice County">
Wielka Wieś, Starachowice County

Wielka Wieś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąchock, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Wąchock, north-west of Starachowice, and north-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 1,425.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520869" title="Artyom Dzyuba">
Artyom Dzyuba

Artyom Sergeyevich Dzyuba (; born 22 August 1988 in Moscow) is a Russian footballer who plays as a striker for FC Rostov in the Russian Premier League on loan from Spartak Moscow.
Career.
Early career.
Artyom was born in Moscow in 1988. He attended Spartak Moscow football school and started playing for the team's backup in 2005. In 2006 he first played for the first team in the Russian Cup match against FC Ural. He substituted Roman Pavlyuchenko in the 85th minute. He had his first substitute appearance in the Russian Premier League in the 12th round against football club Saturn Moscow Region.
Artyom had 7 substitute appearances in that season, but did not score.
In 2007, Dzyuba started appearing in the line-up. He scored a winning goal for the first team in the Cup match against Sibir FC and it was Artyom's first goal for the main squad. As for the Premier League, he first scored in the 5th round against Tom FC.
Artyom made 21 appearances in the season and scored 5 goals.
In 2008, Dzyuba played 16 games in the Premier League and only scored the equalizing goal in the 19th round match Against Dynamo Moscow. The game ended 1–1 tie. He also scored twice in a cup game against Dynamo Bryansk.
He has been involved in Spartak's European club competition performances. In the UEFA Cup, Artyom scored twice against Tottenham Hotspur in the last group stage match. But Spurs hit back after the break, and the game ended 2–2 tie. This was enough to put Tottenham in the hat for the draw, while Spartak crashed out of the competition.
Artyom has made several remarkable performances in Europe, most recently successfully tricking two defenders and then scoring a goal against FC Porto in the quarterfinals of the UEFA Europa League 2010–11.
On 7 August 2009 FC Tom Tomsk signed the striker on loan from FC Spartak Moscow until December 2009.
Artyom returned to Spartak in December 2010. Soon after, he began training with the first team in Sokolniki training center where Valery Karpin took Dzyuba for Spartak's January training session in Turkey. Karpin preferred to use Dzyuba as a central forward, but he is also proficient as a winger. He scored a goal against Dacia in 54-minute of friendly match in Belek. Dzyuba continued to show excellent results, which earned him a starting place against FC Basel. It was his first official match for Spartak in 2011. Dzyuba scored in that game, chipping the goalkeeper with elegant style. Spartak won 3:2, with Dzyuba being named man of the match. Dzyuba scored a superb goal against FC Porto on 14 April 2011, where he beat two Porto defenders with his skill and finished with aplom.
2011–2012
Despite some success in Europe (victory over Ajax with a total score of 4–0), Spartak started the season in Russia badly, but eventually managed to not only go from last place in the standings, but also to take 2nd place, so the team will be playing in the 2012–2013 Champions League. Artyom is becoming one of the team's leaders and has helped his team to get a Champions League ticket, with 41 appearances and 11 goals in the season.
Artyom's skills have been improving through the season, and it's evident his confidence is growing as a player.
Artyom has been chosen the team's best player of the month several times this year.
2013-2014
During the summer 2013, Artyom was loaned to Rostov for the whole season. Artyom has immediately begun to fulfill expectations by scoring two goals in the first game for the new team. What is more, Artyom was named the player of the month in Russian Premier League. However, the first official game of Artyom for the national team a against Northern Ireland in World Cup 2014 caused some controversies among famous analysts and it is still doubtful whether Artyom is ambitious enough and fully committed to work on himself in order to be in the 23 men list that will depart to Brazil in June 2014.
Dzyuba is well known for his cheerful and genial disposition, and he is always willing to talk to journalists. As he once told, "if laughter prolongs one's life, I am immortal".
International career.
Dzyuba was a part of the Russia U-21 side that was competing in the 2011 European Under-21 Championship qualification.
He made his Russia national football team debut on 11 November 2011 in a friendly against Greece. He was called up to the provisional squad for UEFA Euro 2012. He was not included on the finalized squad for the competition.
Career statistics.
Club.
1Includes Russian Super Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19520873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520873" title="Czajków Północny">
Czajków Północny

Czajków Północny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staszów, within Staszów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Staszów and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 588.
Demography.
According to the 2002 Poland census, there were 582 people residing in Czajków Północny village, of whom 51% were male and 49% were female. In the village, the population was spread out with 28% under the age of 18, 38% from 18 to 44, 18.9% from 45 to 64, and 15.1% who were 65 years of age or older.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520874" title="Czajków Południowy">
Czajków Południowy

Czajków Południowy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staszów, within Staszów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Staszów and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 331.
Demography.
According to the 2002 Poland census, there were 339 people residing in Czajków Południowy village, of whom 50.1% were male and 49.9% were female. In the village, the population was spread out with 25.7% under the age of 18, 36.6% from 18 to 44, 19.5% from 45 to 64, and 18.3% who were 65 years of age or older.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520875" title="Czernica, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Czernica, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Czernica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staszów, within Staszów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Staszów and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 203.
Demography.
According to the 2002 Poland census, there were 214 people residing in Czernica village, of whom 51.4% were male and 48.6% were female. In the village, the population was spread out with 27.1% under the age of 18, 36.4% from 18 to 44, 18.2% from 45 to 64, and 18.2% who were 65 years of age or older.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520878" title="Dobra, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Dobra, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Dobra is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staszów, within Staszów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Staszów and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 270.
Demography.
According to the 2002 Poland census, there were 241 people residing in Dobra village, of whom 50.6% were male and 49.4% were female. In the village, the population was spread out with 23.7% under the age of 18, 30.3% from 18 to 44, 19.5% from 45 to 64, and 26.6% who were 65 years of age or older.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520879" title="Gaj Koniemłocki">
Gaj Koniemłocki

Gaj Koniemłocki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staszów, within Staszów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Staszów and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 87.
Based on other article, Gaj Koniemłocki by years 1975–1998 use to belong to Tarnobrzeg Voivodeship
Demography.
According to the 2002 Poland census, there were 91 people residing in Gaj Koniemłocki village, of whom 47.3% were male and 52.7% were female. In the village, the population was spread out with 22% under the age of 18, 33% from 18 to 44, 18.7% from 45 to 64, and 26.4% who were 65 years of age or older.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520881" title="Grzybów, Gmina Staszów">
Grzybów, Gmina Staszów

Grzybów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staszów, within Staszów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Staszów and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 228.
Demography.
According to the 2002 Poland census, there were 243 people residing in Grzybów village, of whom 52.7% were male and 47.3% were female. In the village, the population was spread out with 26.7% under the age of 18, 33.7% from 18 to 44, 20.2% from 45 to 64, and 19.3% who were 65 years of age or older.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520883" title="Jasień, Staszów County">
Jasień, Staszów County

Jasień is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staszów, within Staszów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Staszów and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 154.
Demography.
According to the 2002 Poland census, there were 161 people residing in Jasień village, of whom 49.1% were male and 50.9% were female. In the village, the population was spread out with 23% under the age of 18, 30.4% from 18 to 44, 21.7% from 45 to 64, and 24.8% who were 65 years of age or older.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520885" title="Koniemłoty">
Koniemłoty

Koniemłoty is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staszów, within Staszów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Staszów and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 695.
Demography.
According to the 2002 Poland census, there were 721 people residing in Koniemłoty village, of whom 47.9% were male and 52.1% were female. In the village, the population was spread out with 23.9% under the age of 18, 38.1% from 18 to 44, 19.3% from 45 to 64, and 18.7% who were 65 years of age or older.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520886" title="Kopanina, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Kopanina, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Kopanina is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staszów, within Staszów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Staszów and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 116.
Demography.
According to the 2002 Poland census, there were 116 people residing in Kopanina village, of whom 50.9% were male and 49.1% were female. In the village, the population was spread out with 32.8% under the age of 18, 34.5% from 18 to 44, 13.8% from 45 to 64, and 19% who were 65 years of age or older.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520889" title="Krzczonowice, Staszów County">
Krzczonowice, Staszów County

Krzczonowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staszów, within Staszów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Staszów and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 268.
Demography.
According to the 2002 Poland census, there were 282 people residing in Krzczonowice village, of whom 51.1% were male and 48.9% were female. In the village, the population was spread out with 26.2% under the age of 18, 33.3% from 18 to 44, 20.9% from 45 to 64, and 19.5% who were 65 years of age or older.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520891" title="Krzywołęcz">
Krzywołęcz

Krzywołęcz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staszów, within Staszów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Staszów and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 166.
Demography.
According to the 2002 Poland census, there were 168 people residing in Krzywołęcz village, of whom 51.8% were male and 48.2% were female. In the village, the population was spread out with 28.6% under the age of 18, 38.1% from 18 to 44, 17.3% from 45 to 64, and 16.1% who were 65 years of age or older.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19520892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19520892" title="Łaziska, Staszów County">
Łaziska, Staszów County

Łaziska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staszów, within Staszów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Staszów and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 173.
Demography.
According to the 2002 Poland census, there were 171 people residing in Łaziska village, of whom 53.2% were male and 46.8% were female. In the village, the population was spread out with 19.9% under the age of 18, 36.3% from 18 to 44, 22.2% from 45 to 64, and 21.6% who were 65 years of age or older.
References.
<br>

</doc>
