<doc id="19495286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495286" title="Nell Newman">
Nell Newman

Elinor Teresa Newman (born April 8, 1959) is a former child actress who performed under the name of Nell Potts. She is an environmentalist, biologist, and a prominent supporter of sustainable agriculture, who became an entrepreneur when she founded an organic food and pet food production company, Newman's Own Organics.
Born in New York, New York she is the eldest child of actors Joanne Woodward and Paul Newman. She has two sisters from that marriage and three half-siblings from her father's first marriage, one of whom, Scott, died at the age of twenty-eight of a drug overdose. Newman is a graduate of The Putney School in Putney, Vermont. She attended the College of the Atlantic in Bar Harbor, Maine, from which she graduated in 1987.
She has been married to Gary Irving since 2005. They reside in California.
Film career.
She worked professionally as an actress during the 1960s and 1970s. Under the direction of her father, she played the title character as a child in "Rachel, Rachel" (1968), in which her mother Joanne Woodward portrayed the adult Rachel. In the next decade she starred in the film "The Effect of Gamma Rays on Man-in-the-Moon Marigolds" (1972), which featured her mother as a central character and which was directed by Paul Newman. Reviews for her performance were positive, including a rave from Roger Ebert, who wrote that "the performance by Nell Potts is extraordinary. She glows."
Newman’s Own Organics.
Following her education in human ecology at the College of the Atlantic, she worked as a biologist for fundraising institutions until 1993, when, at the age of thirty-four, she founded Newman’s Own Organics. It is a food production and condiment manufacturing company, specializing in organic products, that has become a national brand. Royalties paid by Newman's Own Organics for use of the Newman name support the charitable activities of Newman's Own Foundation. Her work in organic food was inspired by her childhood at their home in rural Connecticut, where she ate vegetables from her mother’s garden and made pies out of apples picked from their trees.
She developed a friendship with Alice Waters, the owner of the restaurant, Chez Panisse. Drawing upon that friendship, she has remarked that, "With Alice Waters I had the unquestionable proof that organic food doesn't have to taste like 'health food'. As a matter of fact, organic food tastes better." Following that line of thought, "Great-tasting products that happen to be organic", has become the slogan of Newman's Own Organics.
Her father died of lung cancer on September 26, 2008. He had participated in the business, most importantly, lending his name and image as a boost to the fledgling business that began as a division of a business he and his friend, author A. E. Hotchner, founded in 1982. She and her father were featured together in many of its marketing campaigns, often posed to resemble an iconic painting by Grant Wood, "American Gothic".

</doc>
<doc id="19495293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495293" title="English Electric System 4">
English Electric System 4

The English Electric (later ICL) System 4 was a mainframe computer introduced in the mid-1960s. It was derived from the RCA Spectra 70 range, itself a variant of the IBM System 360 architecture.
The models in the range included the System 4-10, 4-30, 4-50 (practically the same as the RCA 70/45), 4-70 (designed in English Electric) and 4-75. ICL documentation also mentions a model 4-40. This was a slugged version of the 4-50, introduced when the 4-30 (intended to be the volume seller) was found to be underpowered and had to be withdrawn. The 4-10 was introduced as a satellite computer, but demand was very low, so it was withdrawn. Only the 4-50 and 4-70, and their successors, the 4-52 and 4-72, sold in any numbers. A slugged 4-72 (the 4-62) was introduced for sale in Eastern Europe.
The System 4-50 and 4-70 were intended for real-time applications, for they had four processor states, each with its own set of general-purpose registers (GPR). Although some states did not have all 16 GPRs, nevertheless, the design avoided having to save registers when switching between processor states. At the lowest level (P1) was the user state. The instructions available in this state were the non-privileged instructions of the IBM System 360. Intermediate levels dealt with various hardware interrupts. State P2 was the Interrupt Response State which performed tasks determined by the Interrupt Control State P3 (the next-highest processor state). The highest state, P4, was the emergency state, initiated in the event of a power failure or a machine check. In the case of power failure, the processor saved the volatile registers before shutting itself down in an orderly fashion. This task was completed within one millisecond from the onset of power failure and removal of power from the machine. For a machine check, an indication of the failure was given to the operator.
In processor states P1 and P2, 16 GPRs were available; in State P3, 6 GPRs were available, while in State P4, 5 GPRs were available. An interrupt status register and interrupt mask register were provided in each of the four processor states. The one set of floating-point registers was available to all processor states.
Instruction times (microseconds) were as follows:
The System 4 could be supplied with medium-speed or high-speed card readers. 80-column cards were read at 800 cards per minute, or at up to 1,435 cards per minute, depending on the model. 51-column cards were read at 1,170 or 1,820 cards per minute, again depending on the model. The high speed reader took the cards end-wise.
Other peripheral devices available for the System 4 include: high-speed paper tape reader (1,500 characters/second) from 5, 7, or 8 channels;
paper tape output punch (150 characters/second at any of the three tape widths given before); 80-column card punch (100 cards / minute); a magnetic tape controller with up to 8 magnetic tape units attached. Tape speeds for model 4453: 150 inches/second; models 4452 and 4450: 75 inches/second; and model 4454: 37.5 inches per second. Model 4454 was 7-track; the other models were 9-track. Removable magnetic discs were available: on Models 10 and 30, 203 cylinders, 10 surfaces per cylinder, with 2,888 bytes per track. Transfer rate was 156K bytes/second. Disc Drive Model 4425 provided 3781 data bytes per track, maximum disc capacity was 7,378,000 bytes.
A variety of medium and high-speed drum printers could be supplied. Medium-speed printers printed at about 600 lines per minute using all available characters. The high-speed printers delivered 1080 lines per minute or 1000 lines per minute (depending on the model), printing all 64 characters per line with excellent print quality. A later model delivered up to 1150 lines per minute. When fitted with a drum having a 16-character set, the printing speed was 2,700 lines per minute.
The operating system was multi-programming with a variable number of tasks.
In the field, the system did not perform well on account of input data being stored on disc as 80-byte records, and output as 160-byte records. In about 1971, the then supplier, ICL, rewrote I/O modules to remove trailing blanks on input and output, and to block to 384 bytes, which improved performance considerably.
The non-privileged instruction set of the System 4-50 and 4-70 included the integer, floating-point, character, and decimal instructions—in short, the full non-privileged instruction set of the IBM System 360, except for Test and Set (TS). The ICL System 4-30 included the half-word instructions, LH, AH, SH, MH, and divide halfword (DH), etc., but not the fullword instructions L, A, etc.
The System 4-75 was introduced in an attempt to cover the real-time/time-sharing market, but few were sold. One System 4-75 was used by the English Electric Computer Bureau subsidiary to develop and run the internally developed Interact 75 suite of time-sharing commercial packages for payroll and financial ledgers, but this proved unsuccessful, and the project was soon closed. System 4 proved itself to have very efficient communications and was the basis for several successful real-time processing applications.

</doc>
<doc id="19495301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495301" title="Jean-Claude Mpassy">
Jean-Claude Mpassy

Jean-Claude Mpassy-Nzoumba (born 27 May 1986 in Ilmenau) is a German-Congolese football player who is currently playing for SC Columbia Florisdorf.
International.
His debut in the national team was on 8 June 2008 in Brazzaville vs. Sudan.

</doc>
<doc id="19495312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495312" title="Far View Airport">
Far View Airport

Far View Airport is an airport located one nautical mile (2 km) south of the central business district of Hiram, a village in Portage County, Ohio, United States.
Facilities and aircraft.
Far View Airport covers an area of at an elevation of 1,300 feet (396 m) above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 9/27 with a 2,170 by 80 ft (661 x 24 m) turf surface. For the 12-month period ending December 11, 2006, the airport had 3,334 aircraft operations, an average of 277 per month, all of which were general aviation.

</doc>
<doc id="19495315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495315" title="The Cuckoos">
The Cuckoos

The Cuckoos (1930) is a musical comedy film, released by RKO Radio Pictures and partially filmed in two-strip Technicolor. It features the comedy team Wheeler & Woolsey.
Plot.
A phony fortune teller, Professor Bird, and his partner, Sparrow, are in a Mexican resort near a gambling casino. During their trip, his partner falls in love with an American girl named Anita (who has lived with Gypsies her entire life). But Julius, the gyspy leader, is also in love with her.
At the casino is Miss Furst and her niece Ruth who loves Billy, an aviator. Furst wants her to marry the Baron, and the Baron wants Ruth for her money. Miss Furst falls in love with Bird after getting her wallet back. After finding out that Ruth is engaged to Billy, the Baron goes on the Gypsies' side to kidnap her.
Anita, who was following Sparrow, was also kidnapped. Bird, Billy, and Sparrow go back to Mexico to save their loved ones from the Baron and the Gypsies, and succeed in doing so.
This film also contains a fiery Technicolor dance sequence with Anita and the Gypsy Queen, titled "Dancing the Devil Away".
Reception.
The film made a profit of $335,000.

</doc>
<doc id="19495316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495316" title="Raja Makutam">
Raja Makutam

Raja Makutam or Rajamakutam ("King's Sceptre") is a 1959 Telugu film directed by veteran B. Narasimha Reddy.
Synopsis.
B.N. Reddi is one of the most prolific filmmakers of Telugu cinema during the 1950s. He is also the director of the critically acclaimed "Malleswari". 
The plot is an adaptation of Shakespeare's Hamlet with significant changes. Plot lines like the queen marrying the king's murderer, tragic ending are removed. Instead, in the film, after the king's murder by his prime minister, the queen and the prince form a team. Prince feigns madness as in the play but the conclusion was changed to a happy ending.
Songs.
There are about 11 songs in the film.

</doc>
<doc id="19495324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495324" title="Michel-Étienne Turgot">
Michel-Étienne Turgot

Michel-Étienne Turgot (1690–1751) was "prévôt des marchands de Paris" ("Master of the merchants of Paris", i.e. Mayor of Paris) from 1729 to 1740. His name is associated to one of the most famous maps of Paris, the "Plan de Turgot" ("Turgot Map"), a detailed bird-eye view of Paris realized by Louis Bretez from 1734 to 1739.
Michel-Étienne Turgot was the father of the famous Anne Robert Jacques Turgot, economist and Minister of Louis XVI. Both were buried in the Chapel of Hôpital Laënnec in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="19495327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495327" title="Morgnshtern">
Morgnshtern

Morgnshtern (מאָרגןשטערן, Yiddish for 'Morning Star', sometimes also known by its Polish name "Jutrznia") was a Jewish sports organisation in interbellum Poland, politically linked to the Bund. It was founded in the end of 1926. "Morgnshtern" increased significantly in influence in the period just preceding the Second World War. In 1937 the organisation had 107 local branches in different parts of the country. Its largest branch was based in Warsaw. In 1936, the Warsaw branch had 956 active members, in 1937 he membership reached around 1500 (making it the largest local sporting organisation in Poland) and 1855 in 1938.
"Morgnshtern" was repeatedly targeted by the Polish authorities; between 1929 and 1934, 23 local "Morgnshtern" branches were closed down. In 1937 "Morgnshtern" had prepared a delegation to take part in the Workers Olympics in Antwerp, Belgium, but the Polish government refused to give travel visas to the athletes.
The development of socialist sports was markedly affected by the rise of fascism in Europe. The socialist sport movement took a more paramilitary character, in order to mobilize anti-fascist defense. In the case of "Morgnshtern", the Bund already had experiences from organizing militias against pogroms. Bernand Goldstein, the president of the "Morgnshtern" in Warsaw was also the chief of the Bundist Defense Corps (Goldstein himself did however later downplay his role in "Morgnshtern", stating that the presidency was merely an honorary position).
"Morgnshtern" ceased to function as Poland was occupied by Germany. Many of the athletes of the organisation became resistance fighters during the war. "Morgnshtern" was revived after the war. Warsaw "Jutrznia-Morgnshtern" is the only remaining "Morgnshtern" branch.
Socialist sporting.
"Morgnshtern" espoused principles of socialist sporting, seeking to promote proletarian camaraderie and collective achievements, rather than individual competition. These principles had been formulated in the book "Sport und Politik" ('Sports and Politics') by Julius Deutsch. Initially the organisation mainly organised sports were large numbers of people could participate at the same time, such as cycling, gymnastics and hiking.
The most popular activity of "Morgnshtern" was gymnastics. This was followed by "ritmika" (eurythmics), which mainly had female participants.
However, in order to increase recruitment the organisation eventually began opening up for more individually oriented competitive sports such as football, table tennis and boxing. "Morgnshtern", although officially disliking football as a sport which glorified individual champions, had a few football teams affiliated to it already in the 1920s. Still though, compared to the "Shtern" federation of the Poale Zion Left or bourgeois Jewish sports organisations, "Morgnshtern" put very little emphasis on football. In 1930 the Central Organising Committee of "Morgnshtern" adopted a resolution on the 'football question', which concluded that the sport could be collective and inclusive if addressed in the right way. In the early 1930s, there were several football teams in Warsaw city affiliated to "Morgnshtern". Following the adoption of the 1930 football resolution, the organisation began forming teams for table tennis (a "Morgnshtern" athlete formed part of the Polish national delegation at the 1938 World Championship in London), handball, basketball and volleyball.
The organisation was even more vocally opposed to boxing, and had proposed banning boxing from the Socialist Workers' Sport International at the 1929 SWSI congress. However, the Warsaw branch of "Morgnshtern" set up a boxing club in late December 1935, which was rather successful in the late 1930s.
Relations with ZRSS and SWSI.
A delegation of "Morgnshtern" participated in the 1927 congress of the Socialist Workers' Sport International. "Morgnshtern" had a complicated relationship with the Polish Workers' Sport Federation (ZRSS), due to political antagonism between the Bund and the Polish Socialist Party (which dominated the ZRSS). The two organisations clashes at the 1929 Prague congress of the Socialist Workers' Sports International, as "Morgnshtern" demanded to be recognized as a separate section and not as an affiliate of the Polish ZRSS. In the end, the congress accepted the demand. "Morgnshtern" sent its own delegation to the 1931 Workers Olympics in Vienna.
Cultural and social activities.
Apart from physical training, "Morgnshtern" also organized cultural activities. A mandolin orchestra and a theatre group were run by "Morgnshtern" in Vilna. The "Morgnshtern" branch in Warsaw organized visits to cinemas and theatres.
The summers "Morgnshtern" would rent a swimming pool, and offer swimming lessons to its members. In the winters, from 1933 onwards, the organisation had an ice-skating rink in Warsaw.
Name.
The full name of the organization was "Arbeter gezelshaft far fizisher dertsiung "morgnshtern" in poyln" in Yiddish, and "Robotnicze Stowarzyszenie Wychowania Fizycznego "Jutrznia" w Polsce" in Polish. After the 1929 congress of the Socialist Workers' Sport International, the organisation added and 'Jewish section of the Workers' Sports International' ("yidishe sektsie fun arbeter sport internatsional") to its name.
Emblem.
The emblem of "Morgnshtern" featured a javelin thrower, illustrated in the style of a classic Greek statue, in front of belching smokestacks. The emblem also had the name of the organisation in Yiddish and Polish.

</doc>
<doc id="19495361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495361" title="2006 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships – Singles">
2006 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships – Singles

Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="19495369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495369" title="KRU Studios">
KRU Studios

KRU Studios (“KRU”) is a media and entertainment company in Malaysia. Founded in 1992, KRU has since diversified, and now provides a range of services related to the media and entertainment industry, specializing in both production and distribution capabilities.
With offices and representatives in Malaysia, Hong Kong, Indonesia, Singapore and the United States.
KRU Studios’ new production and post production facilities, which also includes backlots, was opened in July 2010.
Products and services.
Films.
KRU Studios has produced a number of Malay language feature films such as "Cicak-Man", "Duyung", "Cicakman 2 – Planet Hitam", "Jin Notti", "My Spy", "Magika", "Karak". In June 2008, the company funded and co-produced an English language Hollywood film, "Deadline" featuring Brittany Murphy for global distribution.
In March 2011, KRU Studios released its action adventure feature film "Hikayat Merong Mahawangsa". This film, internationally known as "The Malay Chronicles: Bloodlines", is currently licensed to more than 70 countries... making it the most widely sold Malaysian film globally.

</doc>
<doc id="19495372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495372" title="Beweg dein Arsch">
Beweg dein Arsch

"Beweg dein Arsch" () is a rock song written by Bob Arnz and Gerd Zimmermann for LaFee's 2007 second album "Jetzt erst recht". The song is the album's fifth track, and was released as its second single. The single reached twenty two in the German Singles Charts when released in August 2007. 
An English version of the song, entitled "Come On", later appeared on LaFee's third studio album "Shut Up".

</doc>
<doc id="19495373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495373" title="Mervyn Jayasuriya">
Mervyn Jayasuriya

Mervyn Jayasuriya was a veteran announcer with Radio Ceylon - the oldest radio station in South Asia. Jayasuriya presented some of the most popular radio programmes over the airwaves of Radio Ceylon, such as "Roving Mike" and "Sports Newsreel". Millions tuned into the programmess, right aceoss South Asia.
Mervyn Jayasuriya was also a news reader - he read the English news bulletins of Radio Ceylon. He joined a band of radio announcers who enjoyed popularity in South Asia - millions of listeners in South Asia. In the late 1960s Mervyn Jayasuriya was appointed the Assistant Editor News of the Ceylon Broadcasting Corporation, by Director-General Neville Jayaweera.
Mervyn Jayasuriya was the younger brother of Nalini Jayasuriya, Associate, Fine Arts, Yale University
Before he died in 2008, Mervyn Jayasuriya wrote a series of articles for the Island newspaper in Colombo recalling his days with Radio Ceylon.

</doc>
<doc id="19495380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495380" title="Ownership of Arsenal F.C.">
Ownership of Arsenal F.C.

The ownership of Arsenal Football Club is considerably different from that of other clubs in English football. It is owned by a parent company, Arsenal Holdings plc, which has relatively few shares which are infrequently traded. Historically, the club has been owned by descendants of the Bracewell-Smith and Hill-Wood families, but since 2007 the club has attracted outside interest and two rival tycoons have acquired significant share holdings. As of July 1, 2011, the majority shareholder in the club is the American Stan Kroenke, who holds 66.64% of the parent company. His rival, the Russian-Uzbek Alisher Usmanov, owns 29.11%. Under Takeover Panel rules, Kroenke must in due course make an offer for every available share in the club.
Overview.
Arsenal's parent company, Arsenal Holdings plc, operates as a non-quoted public limited company, whose ownership is considerably different from that of other football clubs. Only 62,217 shares in Arsenal have been issued, and they are not traded on a public exchange such as the FTSE or AIM; instead, they are traded relatively infrequently on PLUS (AFC), a specialist market. The 2011 takeover bid by Stan Kroenke puts the club's market capitalisation value at £731m. At 31 March 2012, a single share in Arsenal had a mid price of £16,250, which set the club's market capitalisation value at approximately £1000m.
Arsenal Holdings plc wholly owns twelve subsidiary companies, covering the group's activities. These include Arsenal Football Club plc (the football club itself), Arsenal (Emirates Stadium) Limited (which develops and owns Arsenal's Emirates Stadium), Arsenal Stadium Management Company (which manages the stadium on matchdays), and Arsenal Overseas Ltd (which manages retail operations). Other subsidiaries deal with property development on the site of Arsenal's former stadium at Highbury and the associated property holding and financing.
Financial performance.
The club made an operating profit (excluding player transfers) of £72m in the year ending 31 May 2010, from a turnover of £379.9m. In April 2009, business magazine "Forbes" ranked Arsenal as third most valuable football team in the world, after Manchester United and Real Madrid, valuing the club at $1.2bn (£605m), excluding debt. Accountants Deloitte rate Arsenal fifth in the 2011 Deloitte Football Money League, a ranking of the world's football clubs in terms of revenue, with the club earning £274.1m in the 2009–10 season.
History.
As an amateur club, "Royal Arsenal FC", Arsenal started out as a mutually owned club but after turning professional, converted to a limited liability company in 1893. The company struggled in the club's early years, with its location in industrial Woolwich resulting in low attendances. The club was liquidated and reformed in 1910, and taken over by the owner of Fulham FC, Henry Norris. Norris owned the club for the next nineteen years, moving it to Arsenal Stadium in Highbury in 1913. Norris however was forced to resign as chairman and leave Arsenal in 1929 following an expenses scandal.
By the time of World War II the majority of Arsenal shares were held by Samuel Hill-Wood and Sir Bracewell Smith, the MP for Holborn and a future Lord Mayor of London. In those days the shares were not considered to be valuable and have never paid a dividend, and were seen largely as a charitable exercise to provide recreational entertainment for the working people of North London.
After his death, the shareholding of Sir Bracewell Smith was divided between his son and daughter and ended up in the hands of his grandchildren, Sir Charles Bracewell-Smith, Clive Carr (Life-President), Richard Carr (still a director) and Sarah Carr, now Lady Phipps-Bagge. Samuel Hill-Wood's shares passed first to his son Denis and then his grandson and current Arsenal chairman Peter Hill-Wood; he sold much of his family's shareholdings in the 1980s to David Dein, who sold some of them on to Danny Fiszman (a London diamond dealer). In the early 2000s the club sold a 9.9% stake to Granada Holdings Ltd, a subsidiary of ITV plc, and a significant stake was also bought by hedge fund Lansdowne Partners.
Current shareholders.
As of September 4, 2011, the largest shareholder in the club is Stan Kroenke, owner of Kroenke Sports Enterprises (KSE), who owns 41,537 shares (66.76%). Kroenke's holdings in the club began with an initial 9.9% bought from ITV plc in April 2007; initially treated with hostility, he is now regarded as an ally of the Arsenal board and was appointed a non-executive director of the club in September 2008. Kroenke brought his stake in the club up to 20.5% following a purchase of shares from fellow director Danny Fiszman. On 1 May 2009, Arsenal announced that Kroenke had bought a further 4,839 shares from the Carr family, including Richard Carr, also a director, which made him the largest shareholder of the company with 28.3%. On November the same year, this increased to the maximum 29.9% limit.
A rival bid for the club came from Red & White Holdings, which is co-owned by Russian billionaire Alisher Usmanov and London-based financier Farhad Moshiri. Red & White bought the stake held by former Arsenal vice-chairman David Dein, as well as stakes owned by Lansdowne and many other minor shareholders, and as of September 2011 own 18,204 shares (29.25%) of the club. This is the largest single stake owned by a non-board member. This led to press speculation of a bidding war between Kroenke and Usmanov. However, Kroenke agreed not to purchase more than 29.9% of the club until at least September 2009, while the rest of the board agreed not to consider a sale of their shares to "non-permitted persons" until at least April 2009, and had first option on each other's shares until October 2012.
In April 2011, Kroenke extended his ownership of the club by purchasing the shareholdings of Nina Bracewell-Smith (15.9%), Danny Fiszman (16.11%) and other directors of the Arsenal board, taking his shareholding to 66.64%. Under company law Kroenke, as majority shareholder, is obliged to make an offer for the remaining shares in the club, which would include those owned by Red & White Holdings as well as any stakes held by the remaining minority shareholders of the club; these include those owned by former players as well as three shares owned by the Arsenal Supporters' Trust.

</doc>
<doc id="19495381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495381" title="Paris Latino">
Paris Latino

"Paris Latino" is a 1983 song recorded by Bandolero, achieving success in Europe. In 2002, the song was successfully covered by Star Academy 2.
Star Academy 2 version.
In late 2002, the song was covered by Star Academy 2, on the album "Fait sa boum" which is composed of cover versions of 1980s hit. The song, performed during Star Academy's concert tour, is also available on the album "Live". It achieved success, topping the singles charts in France and Belgium (Wallonia).

</doc>
<doc id="19495395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495395" title="Clearview 77">
Clearview 77

Clearview 77 was a punk rock quartet hailing from Brooklyn, NY. Born in the summer of 1996, CV77 was the true definition of the "local" band. The band has played countless shows within the East Coast with acts like Face to Face, New Found Glory, Finch, Saves the Day, The Amazing Crowns, US Bombs, Big Wig, Murphy's Law, Alkaline Trio, The Queers, GOB, and many more. In their 8 year existence the band managed to finish at the top of the charts and competitions for CMJ, Discmakers, Garageband.com, mp3.com, Jim Beam, Loudenergy, had a song aired on CNN and Good Morning America, and added to college radio stations across the US. The band also finished in the top 10 in 92.3 FM K-ROCK' best unsigned band of 2000 contest. Clearview 77 have also been featured on multiple compilations with acts like NOFX, New Found Glory, Auto Pilot Off, Agnostic Front, Midtown, ALL, Saves the Day, Down By Law, Circle Jerks, and many more. The opening track on their 2000 EP "Another Story" produced by Agnostic Front frontman Roger Miret was played on K-ROCK's "The Buzz" with Matt Pinfield. This led to many 1st's for the band as they performed on live TV for "Studio Y" on cables Metro Channel. Clearview 77 also received ample airplay on national radio with their cover of the U2 classic "With or Without You" in 2002. At the tail end of their career the band recorded 2 songs and filmed TV commercial spots for the cable network TNN. The promo spots for the networks James Bond marathon aired on MTV, ESPN, TNN, TNT, TV Land, and Nickolodeon in the winter of 2002. The band parted ways and retired in the beginning of 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19495402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495402" title="Novoye Vremya (newspaper)">
Novoye Vremya (newspaper)

Novoye Vremya () was a Russian newspaper published in St. Petersburg from 1868 to 1917. Until 1869 it came out five times a week; thereafter it came out every day, and from 1881 there were both morning and evening editions. In 1891 a weekly illustrated supplement was added.
The newspaper began as a liberal publication, and in 1872 published an editorial celebrating the appearance in Russian of the first volume of Karl Marx's "Das Kapital", but after Aleksey Suvorin took it over it acquired a reputation as a servile supporter of the government, in part because of the antisemitic and reactionary articles of Victor Burenin. "'The motto of Suvorin's "Novoye Vremya",' wrote Russia's greatest satirist Saltykov-Shchedrin, 'is to go inexorably forward, but through the anus.'" Nevertheless, it became one of Russia's most popular newspapers, with a circulation reaching 60,000 copies, and published important writers, most famously Anton Chekhov until he broke with Suvorin in the late 1890s; furthermore, Suvorin was "the first to raise the salaries in the newspaper world and to improve the working conditions of the journalists." The paper was looked down on by the liberal intelligentsia of the early twentieth century and despised by the Bolsheviks, and the day after the October Revolution, , Lenin shut it down.
The newspaper should not be confused with the current magazine of the same name, founded in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="19495409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495409" title="Bruce Larson">
Bruce Larson

Bruce Larson is a retired American drag racer from Camp Hill, Pennsylvania. He became nationally known for his match races. He quit drag racing during the early 1980s. He returned in 1985 on the National Hot Rod Association (NHRA) Funny Car tour and won the 1989 NHRA Funny Car championship. Larson is remembered for his red, white, and blue USA-1 Chevrolet Camaros.
Racing career.
Larson began drag racing as a 16-year-old at Linden, New Jersey in a chopped fenderless 1932 Ford coupe. Over the next ten years, he consistently won at local tracks using that car and later a 1954 Oldsmobile and a 1932 Chevrolet A/Gas coupe. In 1965, he switched from the coupes to a 1964 Ford Cobra and immediately set records in NHRA's A/Sport and AA/Sport classes. He used the car to win the NHRA Winternationals, Springnationals, and U.S. Nationals. Larson was working at a Chevrolet dealership at the time and he formed a Chevrolet-based Funny Car team with Greg Sutliff, the dealership's owner. They built a fiberglass-bodied Chevrolet Camaro and toured the country in match races. Larson had a 7.41-second run in 1967 which broke the all-time Funny Car elapsed time (e.t.) record. In 1969, he received national recognition when he won the Super Stock Nationals at York, Pennsylvania. He added a "USA-1" license plate to his Camaro and later painted the dragster car red, white, and blue and added "USA-1" decals to the side.
Larson did not have a major sponsor until he found Datcon/Sentry in 1985. That year he switched from Chevrolet to Oldsmobile and teamed up with world champion Joe Amato. The two shared information. Larson won his first national funny car win at the Cajun Nationals. Larson hired Pennsylvania sprint car racer Maynard Yingst as his crew chief to tune and setup the car. Larson started 1989 by winning the Winternationals. He won at Springnationals, Mile-High nationals, Seafair nationals, Fallnationals, and the Winston Finals, plus finished second at five additional events. He led the season points standings from start to finish to claim the 1989 NHRA Funny Car national championship. He was voted "Car Craft" magazine's Funny Car Driver of the Year.
Larson raced his first Top Fuel car in June 1992. He took over "Big Daddy" Don Garlits' car when Garlits retired due to a detached retina. Garlits closed his operation in 1995. Larson helped Garlits work on his dragster during his 2002 comeback.
Awards.
He was inducted in numerous Halls of Fame. Don Garlits' International Drag Racing Hall of Fame inducted Larson in 2006. Larson was inducted in the East Coast Drag Times Hall of Fame in 2003, and the Eastern Motorsports Press Association Hall of Fame in 2004, the Pennsylvania Sports Hall of Fame in 1993, and the Super Stock Magazine Drag Racing Hall of Fame in 1995.
Other awards that he received during his career include: the Al Holbert Memorial Award, the 1989 Car Craft magazine Driver of the year, the 1989 Eastern Motorsport Press Association Driver of the Year, 1980 Jungle Jim Liberman Memorial Award, and the ’89 NHRA Northeast Division N.E.D. of the Year Award.

</doc>
<doc id="19495429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495429" title="DIT School of Electronics and Communications Engineering">
DIT School of Electronics and Communications Engineering

The School of Electronic and Communications Engineering is one of the oldest schools of electronic engineering in Ireland, with the first courses in wireless telegraphy inaugurated in 1911. 
Other courses in Radio Communications were established prior to 1918 and were directed primarily at the requirements of Marine and Aircraft Radio Officers. In the late 1930s professional and more broadly based courses in Electronics and Radio Engineering were established. These professional courses prepared students for external examinations conducted by the British Institution of Radio Engineers (Brit IRE), which was renamed the Institution of Electronic and Radio Engineers (IERE) and finally merged in the 1980s with the Institution of Electrical Engineers (IEE). The Technician Courses were mainly directed towards qualifications of the City & Guilds of London Institute. 
In the 1960s, the old building, which housed the School, was replaced with a new building. Also at that time, it was recognised that the City & Guilds examinations were inappropriate in terms of both level and subject matter for the purposes of technician graduates required by Irish and International industry. The absence of suitable external awards resulted in the decision of the College in 1967 to confer its own Diploma awards. The first diplomas were awarded in 1970. The successor to the original electronic engineering diploma courses was a three-year full-time ab initio diploma course entitled Diploma in Applied Electronics (Programme reference DT287), validated in 1995.This is a technician engineering course with a significant level of analytical course content. 
In 1982, a two-year course, entitled Technician Certificate in Electronics (Programme reference DT289), was established. This was in response to the demands from industry for technicians to work at a level which did not require the analytical approach of three-year ab-initio technician diploma courses offered by the Institute at that time. This was reviewed in 2000 and re-titled Certificate in Electronic and Computer Systems. 
In 1996, the Diploma in Electronic Systems (Programme Reference DT280) was added to the suite of programmes operated by the School. This programme was successfully revalidated in May 2002, with both full-time and part-time modes of study. 
In 1999, a four year Degree programme (Bachelor of Engineering) in Computer Engineering Programme reference DT081) was inaugurated. The School is also jointly responsible with the School of Control Systems and Electrical Engineering for the Degree Course (Bachelor of Engineering) in Electrical & Electronic Engineering (Programme reference DT021). In 2003 a new programme, DT008, commenced. DT008 is 3-year ordinary degree in Electronics and Communications engineering.
Programms Offered.
Currently there are 8 courses thought at undergraduate level<br>
Full-time programmes
Part-time programmes
There is a Postgraduate Masters option also

</doc>
<doc id="19495445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495445" title="Maynard Yingst">
Maynard Yingst

Maynard K. Yingst (October 10, 1949 – March 6, 1993) was an American racer and crew chief from Linglestown, Pennsylvania. He quit his sprint car racing career to become the crew chief for Bruce Larson's 1989 national championship Funny Car drag racing team. He was nicknamed "The Linglestown Leadfoot".
Racing career.
Yingst was a sprint car racer in Central Pennsylvania. He had won six features at Williams Grove Speedway. In 1984, he won the 410 Sprint car championship at Selinsgrove Speedway. Yingst won the inaugural Selinsgrove Open sprint car racing in 1983, and he repeated as the special event champion in 1984 and 1985. He usually raced with a white #88 racecar.
Crew chief.
After taking a some time off, fellow Pennsylvanian racer Bruce Larson wanted to return to drag racing in the National Hot Rod Association (NHRA) after a long career as a match racer. Yingst quit his sprint car racing career to become Larson's crew chief in NHRA's Funny Car division. Larson won the 1989 NHRA Funny Car title after winning six national events (the Winternationals, Springnationals, Mile-High nationals, Seafair Nationals, Fallnationals and the NHRA Winston Finals) and finishing second at five more events. He worked for "Flash Gordon" Mineo in the 1991 season, entering five national events. He was hired by Chuck Etchells in 1992 to be his crew chief, and Etchells had three events wins to finish fifth in the season points.
Death.
Yingst was working in the pits at Houston Raceway Park on March 6, 1993 at the NHRA Slick 50 Nationals when he collapsed and died from a brain aneurysm. "We were devastated," said Etchells. "Maynard was only 43 and was at the top of his profession. My feeling at the time-was not that we had lost a crew chief but a very dear friend who was like a father to all of the guys on the crew." Williams Grove Speedway started a "Maynard Yingst Memorial" sprint car race after his death.

</doc>
<doc id="19495450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495450" title="The Cosmic Balance">
The Cosmic Balance

The Cosmic Balance is a game created by Strategic Simulations, Inc. in 1982.
Summary.
This video game is a computerized turn-based version of tactical combat simulation very similar to the Star Fleet Battles pen-paper-map-counter game. While Star Fleet Battles is explicitly set in the Star Trek universe, "The Cosmic Balance" is not. That said, the first (and closest to a tutorial) scenario in the game re-creates a meeting between "Starship Enterprise" and "USS Reliant", like in the film "Wrath of Khan".
Ship design is an exercise in resource management, with power, drives, defensive systems, and weapons all vying for a finite amount of hull space.
Weapons.
In addition to this, the player can set the firing arc of all the direct fire weapons (the bigger the arc, the more space the weapon consumes). Unique to "Cosmic Balance", the overall firing arc of any particular direct fire weapon does not need to be contiguous, and can be split into as many as four separate arcs.
Combat.
Combat is two dimensional but rather than using an orthogonal or hexagon grid, the game utilizes free movement similar to that of some forms of miniature wargaming. Ships have a speed and heading and travel only according to them.
All encounters in the game are at speeds slower than that of the speed of light. After playing ten turns, players have the option to activate their warp drive and escape the scenario. Each turn in the game represents 16 seconds of time and distances are measured in units call Lightmils. A conversion of Lightmils to real-world units is not given.
Physics.
The game simulates Newton's first law in that a ship will maintain its current speed and heading unless it expends power to change them. The game simulates Newtons second law in that the more massive the ship the more power required to accelerate, decelerate, or maneuver it. The game does not, however, simulate Newton's third law. First, every ship has its own unique maximum speed even though they have no limit in the amount of fuel they carry throughout the course of the game. Second, after spending several turns reaching maximum speed, in the course of one turn a ship can be brought about and end the turn traveling in the exact opposite direction at maximum speed. The game does have an absolute hard coded speed limit, but this is based on a limitation to the user interface and is in no way related to a simulation of Special Relativity.

</doc>
<doc id="19495451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495451" title="STP Airways">
STP Airways

STP Airways is an airline based in São Tomé, São Tomé and Príncipe. It is also the national airline. It is currently on the list of carriers banned from operating into the European Union.
History.
STP Airways commenced operations on 18 August 2008 with flights between Lisbon, Portugal, and São Tomé, São Tomé and Príncipe, with a Boeing 767 aircraft leased from parent company, EuroAtlantic Airways.
Fleet.
As of August 2013, the STP Airways fleet consists of the following aircraft:

</doc>
<doc id="19495455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495455" title="Swimming at the 1924 Summer Olympics – Men's 100 metre backstroke">
Swimming at the 1924 Summer Olympics – Men's 100 metre backstroke

The men's 100 metre backstroke was a swimming event held as part of the swimming at the 1924 Summer Olympics programme. It was the fourth appearance of the event, which was established in 1908. The competition was held on Wednesday July 16, 1924, on Thursday July 17, 1924, and on Friday July 18, 1924.
Records.
These were the standing world and Olympic records (in minutes) prior to the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In the first heat Warren Kealoha set a new Olympic record with 1:13.4 minutes. In the final he bettered his own record to 1:13.2 minutes.
Results.
Heats.
Wednesday July 16, 1924: The fastest two in each heat and the fastest third-placed from across the heats advanced.
Heat 1
Heat 2
Heat 3
Heat 4
Heat 5
Semifinals.
Thursday July 17, 1924: The fastest two in each semi-final and the faster of the two third-placed swimmer advanced to the final.
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Final.
Friday July 18, 1924:

</doc>
<doc id="19495458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495458" title="Jean-Vivien Bantsimba">
Jean-Vivien Bantsimba

Jean-Vivien Bantsimba (born 1 September 1982 in Paris) is a French-Congolese football player. Currently, he plays in the Championnat de France amateur for FC Mulhouse.

</doc>
<doc id="19495462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495462" title="Alexis Conran">
Alexis Conran

Alexis Conran (aka Alex Conran) is a British actor, writer and stage magician. He was born in South Paris, France, and moved to Greece when he was a child.
Early life.
His father was a gambling addict and started to get in debt. He turned to crime and became a thief and conman, eventually getting arrested. When Conran was 7 years old, his parents got divorced. He was then raised by his mother with the help of her parents.
Career.
He also starred in the music video for Blockhead's "Insomniac Olympics" in 2000. (Directed by Sam Arthur), later that year he had a minor role in the TV film Arabian Nights playing Prince Ali.
His stage work includes 'Excuses!' in 2003. 
He is currently co-writer and presenter (confidence trickster) of the BBC hit series 'The Real Hustle' on BBC Three. He is a member of The Magic Circle and Equity.
He has helped the Office of Fair Trading show consumers how to avoid becoming the victim of a fraud.
His television roles include 2 episodes he starred in a Series 5 of the show Waking the Dead, as Michael Sherman. He also starred in a TV advert for Zovirax cold sore cream. In 2013 he appeared in the Channel 4 show Eye Spy
Personal life.
He is a fan of English football club Manchester United.

</doc>
<doc id="19495469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495469" title="Hanım">
Hanım

Hanım may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19495508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495508" title="Marty's Tranquility Base">
Marty's Tranquility Base

Marty's Tranquility Base is a privately owned, public-use seaplane base located two nautical miles (4 km) southwest of the central business district of Prior Lake, a city in Scott County, Minnesota, United States.
Facilities and aircraft.
Marty's Tranquility Base covers an area of at an elevation of 911 feet (278 m) above mean sea level. It has one landing area designated 8W/26W which measures 8,100 by 300 feet (2,469 x 91 m).

</doc>
<doc id="19495516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495516" title="Dan Fike">
Dan Fike

Dan Clement Fike, Jr. (born June 16, 1961) is a former American college and professional football player who was an offensive lineman in the National Football League (NFL) for eleven seasons during the 1980s and 1990s. He played college football for the University of Florida, and thereafter, he played professionally for the New York Jets, the Cleveland Browns and the Pittsburgh Steelers of the NFL.
Early life.
Fike was born in Mobile, Alabama. He attended Pine Forest High School in Pensacola, Florida, and played high school football for the Pine Forest Eagles.
College career.
Fike received an athletic scholarship to attend the University of Florida in Gainesville, Florida, where he played for coach Charley Pell's Florida Gators football from 1979 to 1982. While he was an undergraduate, he was a member of Pi Kappa Phi Fraternity (Alpha Epsilon Chapter). As a freshman, he lived through the worst season in the history of the Florida football program in 1979, when the Gators posted an 0–10–1 record. The following season, Fike was part of the biggest one-year turn-around in Division I football history, when the 1980 Gators finished 8–4 after defeating the Maryland Terrapins in the Tangerine Bowl. He was a second-team All-Southeastern Conference (SEC) selection following his senior season in 1982.
Professional career.
The New York Jets selected Fike in the tenth round (274th pick overall) of the 1983 NFL Draft, but he spent two years on the Jets' practice squad without being activated for a regular season game. He signed with the Cleveland Browns in 1985, and earned a position as a regular starter, playing at different times at offensive guard and offensive tackle, from 1985 to 1992. Fike arrived in Cleveland at an opportune time when the team was experiencing a competitive revival, and was a starter for five consecutive Browns playoff teams (1985–1989), including appearances in the three AFC Championship Games (1987, 1988, 1990).
Fike played his final NFL season for the Pittsburgh Steelers in 1993, seeing only limited action in three games. In his nine-season professional football career, he appeared in 115 games and started 102 of them.

</doc>
<doc id="19495518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495518" title="Wer bin ich">
Wer bin ich

"Wer bin ich" () is a rock song written by Bob Arnz and Gerd Zimmermann for LaFee's 2007 second album "Jetzt erst recht". The song is the album's sixth track, and was released as its third single. The single reached twenty five in the German Singles Charts when released in November 2007.
An English version of the song, entitled "Tell Me Why", later appeared on LaFee's third studio album "Shut Up".

</doc>
<doc id="19495520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495520" title="St Peter's Church, West Blatchington">
St Peter's Church, West Blatchington

St Peter's Church is an Anglican church in the West Blatchington area of Hove, part of the English city of Brighton and Hove. Although it has 11th- and 12th-century origins, the church was rebuilt from a ruined state in the late 19th century and extended substantially in the 1960s, and little trace remains of the ancient building. The church serves the parish of West Blatchington, a residential area in the north of Hove near the border with Brighton.
History.
Like nearby Hangleton, West Blatchington started as an isolated village on the South Downs north of Hove, and had declined to such an extent by the 19th century that only the manor house, the church and some farm buildings and cottages were left. West Blatchington Windmill, near the church, had been built in 1820.
The parish church, St Peter's, was thought to have been built in the 12th century by the Normans. Archaeological work carried out in the 1980s, however, revealed 11th-century, Saxon origins. In particular, the flint walls which survive as part of the present building contain numerous pieces of Roman-era debris, such as fragments of broken tiles and stones from furnaces. These would have been gathered from the nearby Roman villa in the 11th century when the church was being built: Saxon reuse and recycling of Roman-era building materials and detritus was not unusual. (The Roman settlement, on a site occupied since the Bronze Age and also containing a few Neolithic artefacts, included ditches, rubbish pits, a cemetery, and kilns for drying corn.) Furthermore, the wall of the main doorway is much thinner than would be expected in a Norman church, and more closely resembles a Saxon wall; and two blocked-up windows high in the south wall are in the Saxon style—although there are also Norman windows elsewhere. It has also been determined that the original church was remodelled early in its life to include a chancel, to which the altar would have been moved. Saxon churches typically had altars in the centre of their rectangular structure; the Norman-era preference was for an altar at one end in a separate chancel.
The church was put under the control of Lewes Priory in the early 12th century by Ralph de Luffa, the Bishop of Chichester. In the 16th century, the Priory was destroyed after being surrendered to King Henry VIII, and St Peter's Church was united with St Helen's Church, Hangleton in a single parish. Decline had already set in: the church was disused by 1596, and the parish only had one other inhabited dwelling. The Church Commissioners declared the structure ruined in the 17th century, and only the four walls were left by the early 19th century. For many years during that century, the structure was used as a henhouse by nearby farmers.
The Scrase family and their descendants had lived in West Blatchington manor for more than four centuries, and were held responsible by some for the failure to restore the church earlier than it eventually was. Vicar of Brighton Rev. Henry Wagner proposed a new church, school and graveyard in the village in 1855; these would have been built at his own expense. Two acres of farmland were needed; these were owned by the main local landowner the Marquess of Abergavenny but farmed by his tenants, the Hobson family (descendants of the Scrases). The Marquess agreed but his tenants refused to give the land up, so the plan was put on hold. However, when one of the Hobsons died in 1888, she left money in her will to restore the old church. Somers Clarke, a Brighton native who was responsible for several church restorations and alterations in the area in the late 19th century, was chosen for the work. St Peter's was reopened for worship on 29 June 1891.
Hove expanded significantly in the first half of the 20th century, and the ancient village of West Blatchington was entirely surrounded by suburban residential development, encouraged by its inclusion in the newly created Borough of Hove in 1928. The rebuilt church was too small for the local population, and more changes were planned. On 8 May 1960 the foundation stone of a large extension on the north side was laid by the Bishop of Chichester, Roger Plumpton Wilson. As at St Leonard's Church, Aldrington, another church in Hove, the extension was essentially a new church built around the existing structure. John Leopold Denman was employed as the architect; he built the exterior in flint and retained the old north wall, which helped the extension to fit in well with the 11th- and 19th-century parts of the church. An unusual arrangement at roof level brings natural light into, and physically links, the old and new parts of the church: there is a group of dormer window-style skylights arranged like a clerestory. The work was completed by 1962. The entrance porch was restored in 1987.
In 1707, money had been raised to purchase the advowson of West Blatchington, separate the church from the parish of Hangleton and unite it with Brighton instead. Until 1744, the benefice were held jointly by the Vicar of Brighton; on 1 August 1744 they were formally united. The church was separated from Brighton and given its own parish again in 1940.
Architecture.
The church is in three distinct parts—Saxon/Norman, late 19th century and mid-20th century—which nevertheless blend together well. As originally built, the church was approximately long and wide, rectangular, built of flint rubble with stones and tile fragments recovered from the Roman site, and featuring an altar in the centre. A chancel was then added during the early Norman era, as were two narrow windows in the west wall of the nave which have been preserved in the present structure. The south and west walls are mostly original. The 19th-century rebuilding kept as much of the nave and chancel intact as possible, and added a short weatherborded bell-tower topped with a spire at the west end; a porch on the south side with a gabled roof; three Decorated-style lancet windows; and a barrel vault roof. The bell in the bell-tower was cast in London in 1844.
The changes of 1960–1962 added a larger nave and chancel on the north side. The old and new naves are connected by an arcade with five bays, with the clerestory arrangement above. The new nave has six bays and a gallery with an organ. The interior is mostly rendered. Knapped flintwork and brick and stone dressings were used on the exterior. The interior fittings are fairly austere, and no internal fixtures remain from the ancient church; a 16th-century brass memorial tablet commemorating the Scrase family was taken to St Nicolas Church, Portslade and installed in the south aisle there.
The church today.
St Peter's was listed at Grade II* on 24 March 1950. As of February 2001, it was one of 70 Grade II*-listed buildings and structures, and 1,218 listed buildings of all grades, in the city of Brighton and Hove. Worship is in the Modern Catholic tradition of the Church of England. There are services on Sundays, a family service on Tuesday evenings, and other services on Monday and Thursday mornings.
The parish, which was established in 1940, covers a large area north of Hove immediately west of the Brighton boundary, although much of it is uninhabited downland. The boundaries are Goldstone Crescent, The Droveway, Nevill Road, the land behind Nevill Avenue, Hangleton Road and Amberley Drive; the South Downs as far as Waterhall Golf Course; Mill Road and Woodland Avenue.
Since 2008, the church has been part of the Portslade and Western Hove Group Ministry. Its other churches are the Bishop Hannington Memorial Church, St Helen's at Hangleton, St Nicolas' at Portslade, St Philip's and St Leonard's in Aldrington, Holy Cross at Hove and the Good Shepherd at Mile Oak.

</doc>
<doc id="19495521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495521" title="Principle of individuation">
Principle of individuation

The Principle of Individuation is a criterion which supposedly individuates or numerically distinguishes the members of the kind for which it is given, i.e. by which we can supposedly determine, regarding any kind of thing, when we have more than one of them or not. It is also known as a 'criterion of identity' or 'indiscernibility principle'. The history of the consideration of such a principle begins with Aristotle. It was much discussed by the medieval philosopher Duns Scotus (c. 1266–1308) with his "haecceity" and later, during Renaissance, by Francisco Suárez (1548–1617), Bonaventure Baron (1610–1696) and Leibniz (1646–1716). Some philosophers have denied the need for any such principle.
Aristotle.
Taking issue with the view expressed in certain Platonic dialogues that universal Forms (such as the Good, the Just, the Triangular and so on) constitute reality, Aristotle (384–322 BC) regarded an individual as something real in itself. An individual therefore has two kinds of unity: specific and numerical. Specific unity (i.e. unity of the species to which an individual belongs) is a unity of nature which the individual shares with other individuals. For example, twin daughters are both human females, and share a unity of nature. This specific unity, according to Aristotle, is derived from Form, for it is form (which the medieval philosophers called quiddity) which makes an individual substance the kind of thing it is. But two individuals (such as the twins) can share exactly the same form, yet not be one in number. What is the principle by which two individuals differ in number alone? This cannot be a common property. As Bonaventure later argued, there is no form of which we cannot imagine a similar one, thus there can be 'identical' twins, triplets, quadruplets and so on. For any such form would then be common to several things, and therefore not an individual at all. What is the criterion for a thing being an individual?
In a passage much-quoted by the medievals, Aristotle attributes the cause of individuation to matter:
The Middle Ages.
Boethius to Aquinas.
The late Roman philosopher Boethius (480–524) touches upon the subject in his Isagoge, where he says that things which are individuals and are discrete only in number, differ only by accidental properties. The Persian philosopher Avicenna (980-1037) first introduced a term which was later translated into Latin as "signatum", meaning 'determinate individual'. Avicenna argues that a nature is not of itself individual, the relation between it and individuality is an accidental one, and we must look for its source not in its essence, but among accidental attributes such as quantity, quality, space and time. However, he did not work out any definite or detailed theory of individuation. His successor Averroes (1126–1198) argued that matter is numerically one, since it is undetermined in itself and has no definite boundaries. However, since it is divisible, this must be caused by quantity, and matter must therefore have the potential for determination in three dimensions (in the same way a rough and unhewn lump of marble has the potential to be sculpted into a statue).
The theories of Averroes and Avicenna had a great influence on the later theory of Thomas Aquinas (1224–1274). Aquinas never doubted the Aristotelian theory of individuation by matter, but was uncertain which of the theories of Avicenna or Averroes are correct. He first accepted the theory of Avicenna that the principle of individuation is matter designated ("signata") by determinate dimensions, but later abandoned this in favour of the Averroist theory that it is matter affected by unterminated dimension which is the principle. Later still, he seems to have returned to the first theory when he wrote the "Quodlibeta".
Scotus to Suarez.
Giles of Rome (1243–1316) believed that individuation happens by the quantity in the matter.
Duns Scotus held that individuation comes from the numerical determination of form and matter whereby they become "this" form and "this" matter. Individuation is distinguished from a nature by means of a formal distinction on the side of the thing. Later followers of Scotus called this principle haecceity or 'thisness'. The nominalist philosopher William of Ockham (1287–1347) regarded the principle as unnecessary and indeed meaningless, since there are no realities independent of individual things. An individual is distinct of itself, not multiplied in a species, since species are not real (they correspond only to concepts in our mind). His contemporary Durandus held that individuation comes about through actual existence. Thus the common nature and the individual nature differ only as one conceived and one existing.
The late scholastic philosopher Francisco Suarez held, in opposition to Scotus, that the principle of individuation can only be logically distinguished from the individual being. Every being, even an incomplete one, is individual of itself, by reason of its being a thing. Suárez maintained that, although the humanity of Socrates does not differ from that of Plato, yet they do not constitute "in reality" one and the same humanity; there are as many "formal unities" (in this case, humanities) as there are individuals, and these individuals do not constitute a factual, but only an essential or ideal unity. The formal unity, however, is not an arbitrary creation of the mind, but exists in the nature of the thing before any operation of the understanding.

</doc>
<doc id="19495532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495532" title="High Arctic relocation">
High Arctic relocation

The High Arctic relocation (French: "La délocalisation du Haut-Arctique", Inuktitut: ᖁᑦᑎᒃᑐᒥᐅᑦᑕ ᓅᑕᐅᓂᖏᑦ "Quttiktumut nuutauningit") took place during the Cold War in the 1950s, when 87 Inuit were moved by the Government of Canada to the High Arctic.
The relocation has been a source of controversy: on one hand being described as a humanitarian gesture to save the lives of starving native people and enable them to continue a subsistence lifestyle; and on the other hand, said to be a forced migration instigated by the federal government to assert its sovereignty in the Far North by the use of "human flagpoles", in light of both the Cold War and the disputed territorial claims to the Arctic archipelago. Both sides acknowledge that the relocated Inuit were not given sufficient support to prevent extreme privation during their first years after the move.
The move.
In August 1953, seven or eight families from Inukjuak, northern Quebec (then known as Port Harrison) were transported to Grise Fiord on the southern tip of Ellesmere Island and to Resolute Bay on Cornwallis Island. The families, who had been receiving welfare payments, were promised better living and hunting opportunities in new communities in the High Arctic. They were joined by three families recruited from the more Northern community of Pond Inlet (in the then Northwest Territories, now part of Nunavut) whose purpose was to teach the Inukjuak Inuit skills for survival in the High Arctic. The methods of recruitment and the reasons for the relocations have been disputed. The government stated that volunteer families had agreed to participate in a program to reduce areas of perceived overpopulation and poor hunting in Northern Quebec, to reduce their dependency on welfare, and to resume a subsistence lifestyle. In contrast, the Inuit reported that the relocations were forced and were motivated by a desire to reinforce Canadian sovereignty in the Arctic Archipelago by creating settlements in the area. The Inuit were taken on the Eastern Arctic Patrolship C.G.S. "C.D. Howe" to areas on Cornwallis and Ellesmere Islands (Resolute and Grise Fiord), both large barren islands in the hostile polar north. While on the boat the families learned that they would not be living together but would be left at three separate locations.
In “Relocation to the High Arctic”, Alan R. Marcus proposes that the relocation of the Inuit not only served as an experiment, but as an answer to the Eskimo problem. The federal government stressed that the Eskimo problem was linked to the Inuit's reluctance to give up their nomadic ways in areas that were supposedly overpopulated and went so far as to provide detailed accounts of poor hunting seasons and starvation within the Inukjuk area as a direct result of over-population, even though this was clearly not the case. What's more is that the federal government knew the area in question was in the midst of a low trapping season due to the end of a four-year fox cycle.
New communities.
The families were left without sufficient supplies of food and caribou skins and other materials for making appropriate clothing and tent. As they had been moved about to a very different ecosystem, they were unfamiliar with the wildlife and had to adjust to months of 24 hour darkness during the winter, and 24 hour sunlight during the summer, something that does not occur in northern Quebec. They were told that they would be returned home after two years if they wished, but these promises were not honoured by the government. 
The relocatees included Inuit who had been involved in the filming of Robert J. Flaherty's film" Nanook of the North" (1922) and Flaherty's unacknowledged illegitimate son Josephie. However, Flaherty had died in 1951, prior to the relocation. Eventually, the Inuit learned the local beluga whale migration routes and were able to survive in the area, hunting over a range of each year. Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) reports from the time stated that the two colonies were generally successful in terms of morale, housing, and subsistence living.
Re-evaluation.
During the 1980s, the relocated Inuit and their descendants initiated a claim against the Canadian Government arguing that "there is overwhelming evidence to suggest that the central, if not the sole, reasons, for the relocation of Inuit to the High Arctic was the desire by Canada to assert its sovereignty over the Arctic Islands and surrounding area", and in 1987 sought $10 million in compensation from the federal government.
Following public and media pressure, the federal government created a program to assist the Inuit to return to the south, and in 1989, 40 Inuit returned to their former communities, leading to a break up of families on generational lines, as younger community members often chose to remain in the High Arctic. Those that remained are described as being fiercely committed to their home.
In 1990, the Canadian House of Commons standing committee on aboriginal affairs asked the government to apologize to the Inuit who had been moved to the high Arctic in 1953, to provide compensation to them, and to formally recognize the residents of Resolute Bay and Grise Fiord for their service to Canada's sovereignty. In response, the government commissioned the "Hickling Report" which absolved them of wrongdoing, arguing that the Inuit had volunteered to be moved, and that they had been relocated due to the harsh social and economic conditions in Inukjuak. The report, written by a long-time government official, was strongly criticized by academics and the media.
In contrast, a Canadian Human Rights Commission report submitted in December 1991 argued that there was clear evidence that there were government concerns about Arctic sovereignty at the time of the relocations, and an understanding that the settlements would contribute to Canadian sovereignty. The report concluded that the Government of Canada had broken its promise to return the relocatees to Inukjuak after two years if they wished.
A further report, written by Trent University professor Magnus Gunther, examined the various claims of academics disputing what had occurred during the relocations. It concluded that the government had acted with humane intentions, and as a result Tom Siddon, Minister of Indian Affairs and Northern Development, stated that it would be "inappropriate for the government to apologize" or provide compensation.
In July 1994, the Royal Commission on Aboriginal Peoples held hearings to investigate the relocation program. The Inuit evidence overwhelmingly highlighted that they had been forcibly relocated, while government officials argued that they had moved voluntarily. The official who had been in charge of the relocation tried to suggest that witnesses had changed their stories in order to claim compensation, and that the move had been a success. The Commission found that the government of Canada had determined to "rehabilitate" the Inuit of Port Harrison, weaning them from dependency and "moral decline" by moving them to better lands with abundant game for hunting, and that inadequate preparations were made for them. The commission recommended an apology and compensation for the survivors, as well as acknowledgment of the role the relocatees played in establishing a Canadian presence in the High Arctic. The federal government refused to apologize, but established a "Reconciliation Agreement" in March 1996, creating a $10 million CAD trust fund for relocated individuals and their families. The government admitted that the Inuit suffered "hardship, suffering and loss in the initial years of these relocations" but required recipients to "acknowledge that they understand that in planning the relocation, the government officials of the time were acting with honourable intentions in what was perceived to be in the best interests of the Inuit at that time.
After nearly 5 decades, an official government apology was given on August 18, 2010 to the relocated families for the inhumane treatment and suffering caused by the relocation. John Duncan (Minister of Indian Affairs and Northern Development) stated: "The Government of Canada deeply regrets the mistakes and broken promises of this dark chapter of our history and apologizes for the High Arctic relocation having taken place. We would like to pay tribute to the relocatees for their perseverance and courage...The relocation of Inuit families to the High Arctic is a tragic chapter in Canada's history that we should not forget, but that we must acknowledge, learn from and teach our children. Acknowledging our shared history allows us to move forward in partnership and in a spirit of reconciliation."
Two generations on, the term "The Relocated" remains emotive.
In the media.
Carver Looty Pijamini was commissioned by the Canadian government to build a monument to the High Arctic relocation which took place in 1955. Pijamini's monument, located in Grise Fiord, depicts a woman with a young boy and a husky, with the woman somberly looking out towards the ocean. Pijamini said that he intentionally made them look melancholy because the relocation was not a happy event. The monument was unveiled in September 2010, and received praise from the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation.
The High Arctic relocation is the subject of Zacharias Kunuk's film "Exile". The film was produced by Isuma, who also released "Atanarjuat", the first feature film ever to be written, directed and acted entirely in Inuktitut.
The High Arctic relocation is the subject of Marquise Lepage's documentary film (NFB, 2008), "Martha of the North (Martha qui vient du froid)". This film tells the story of Martha Flaherty, grand daughter of Robert J. Flaherty, who was relocated at 5, along with her family, from Inukjuak to Grise Fiord (Ellesmere Island).

</doc>
<doc id="19495535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495535" title="Amirkola">
Amirkola

Amirkola (, also Romanized as Amīrkolā, Amīr Kolā, and Amīr Kalā; also known as Amir Qal‘en) is a city in the Central District of Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 25,186, in 6,923 families. 
Famous people.
The city famous people can named Ayatollah Ali Asghar Mazandarani, Emami Mazandarani & Amir Pazevari.

</doc>
<doc id="19495541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495541" title="Amersfoort railway station">
Amersfoort railway station

Amersfoort railway station is the main railway station in Amersfoort, in the province of Utrecht, Netherlands. The station was an important link between the western part of the Netherlands and the north and east of the country until December 2012 when the Hanzelijn opened.
History.
The original station building opened on 20 August 1863, and closed in 1904. It was called Amersfoort NCS and is located next to the railway tracks east of the end of the platforms of the current station. This first station opened as part of the Utrecht–Kampen railway (“Centraalspoorweg”), which runs from Utrecht via Amersfoort to Zwolle and Kampen.
In 1874 the "Gooilijn" opened, running from Amsterdam via Hilversum to Amersfoort. Two years later the line was extended to form the "Oosterspoorweg" (“East rail line”) from Amersfoort to Apeldoorn and Zutphen. In 1886 a railway line opened from Amersfoort to Kesteren, offering a direct service between Amsterdam and Nijmegen. However, the 1863 station was just too far east for the line, and so another station was built on the Kesteren line, called Amersfoort Stad. Parts of the Kesteren line still exist today. To permit connections between the two stations, a third station was built, called "Amersfoort Aansluiting" (“Amersfoort Connection”). Because this meant there were three stations all close to each other, it was decided to consolidate them and the current station was built and opened in 1901. It was renovated in 1997, at which time a third island-platform, as well as an exit on the north side of the station, were built.
Since 1970, Amersfoort has been important for intercity passengers, as it was the only station where all cross country intercity trains from Amsterdam, The Hague and Rotterdam to Leeuwarden, Groningen and Enschede met. Passengers only need to cross to the other side of an island platform to change for trains to other destinations. Since December 2012 and the opening of the Hanzelijn, trains from The Hague and Amsterdam now travel via Lelystad to Zwolle, avoiding Amersfoort.
A second station was opened in Amersfoort in 1987, called Amersfoort Schothorst, and in 2006 a third was opened, Amersfoort Vathorst. Both these stations are on the Amersfoort – Zwolle line.
The Centraalspoorweg between Amersfoort and Zwolle is also known as the Veluwelijn.
A new fly-under was opened on 18 October 2013, after two years of construction, to allow trains from Hilversum to access Platform 1 without crossing the other lines. The cost was €44.5 million.
Train services.
The following train services currently call at Amersfoort:
Bus services.
Bus services depart from the bus station at the front of the station; services are operated by U-OV (52, 252), Connexxion and Syntus (102,103).

</doc>
<doc id="19495552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495552" title="Battle of Bryn Derwin">
Battle of Bryn Derwin

The Battle of Bryn Derwin was fought in Eifionydd in Gwynedd in June 1255, between Llywelyn ap Gruffudd and his brothers, Dafydd ap Gruffudd and Owain Goch ap Gruffydd.
Llywelyn had ruled over a truncated Kingdom of Gwynedd jointly with Owain since the death of the previous Prince of Wales, Dafydd ap Llywelyn, in 1246, but relations between the two men apparently deteriorated in the early 1250s. The battle lasted for no more than an hour, and resulted in a victory for Llywelyn; Dafydd and Owain were both imprisoned. Owain died in prison around 1282, but Dafydd was soon released and went on to play a central role in the royal government of Gwynedd until his defection and subsequent removal to England in the mid-1260s.
Subsequent military campaigns by Llywelyn in 1257 and 1260 recovered much lost Welsh territory, and his undisputed leadership within Wales ushered in a period of stability that would last until the mid-1270s.

</doc>
<doc id="19495557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495557" title="Enrico Colli">
Enrico Colli

Enrico Colli, vulgo Paor (born Cortina d'Ampezzo, December 11, 1896 – died Cortina d'Ampezzo 1982), was an Italian cross country skier who competed in the 1924 Winter Olympics.
In 1924 he finished ninth in the 50 kilometre competition and twelfth in the 18 kilometre event. His younger brother Vincenzo and his nephew Ilio were also notable skiers.
Further notable results were:

</doc>
<doc id="19495562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495562" title="Den opvakte jomfru">
Den opvakte jomfru

Den opvakte jomfru is a 1950 Danish family film directed by Lau Lauritzen, Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks.

</doc>
<doc id="19495579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495579" title="Giuseppe Ghedina">
Giuseppe Ghedina

Giuseppe Ghedina (1898 – 1986) was an Italian cross country skier who competed in the 1924 Winter Olympics.
He was born in Cortina d'Ampezzo.
In 1924 he finished tenth in the 50 kilometre competition.
Further notable results were:

</doc>
<doc id="19495585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495585" title="Omar Diantete">
Omar Diantete

Omar Diantete (born February 18, 1979) is a French-Congolese football player who is currently playing for FC Villefranche.

</doc>
<doc id="19495598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495598" title="Vincenzo Colli">
Vincenzo Colli

Vincenzo "Zenzo" Ilio Colli, vulgo Paor (born Cortina D'Ampezzo, September 22, 1899 – date of death unknown), was an Italian cross country skier who competed in the 1924 Winter Olympics.
Vinzenzo was the younger brother of Enrico Colli. He was married to Dimai Costanza, née Piero de Jenzio Dea, and father of six children. The fourth, Ilio Colli, was killed in 1953 when he crashed into a tree during a ski race.
In 1924 Vinzenzo Colli finished eleventh in the 50 kilometre competition. In 1925 he won Bronze in the 50 kilometres event of the Italian men's championships of cross-country skiing. Later he became instructor of the "Sci Club Napoli".

</doc>
<doc id="19495603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495603" title="Edward Jancarz Memorial">
Edward Jancarz Memorial

The Edward Jancarz Memorial () is an annual speedway event held each year organized by the Stal Gorzów Wlkp.. The Memorial held in the Edward Jancarz Stadium in Gorzów Wielkopolski. Memorial is irregular and first staged in 1992, when Edward Jancarz was murdered.

</doc>
<doc id="19495618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495618" title="Calumet County Park Group">
Calumet County Park Group

Calumet County Park Group is an archaeological site in Calumet County, Wisconsin, United States. It consists of six effigy mounds of panthers and other water spirits and it is located at the top of the Niagara Escarpment where overlook Lake Winnebago. The group is located within the Calumet County Park approximately 2 miles northwest of Stockbridge. The mounds are consistent with other mound groups found at the peak of the Niagara Escarpment along the eastern shore of Lake Winnebago, including the High Cliff Mounds. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="19495623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495623" title="State highways in Chautauqua County, New York">
State highways in Chautauqua County, New York

There are 18 state-designated highways in Chautauqua County, New York, which comprise a combined of the touring route total mileage in New York. The 18 state highways include 11 state touring routes and seven reference routes. The nationally-assigned US 20 and US 62 also go through the county, as do I-86 and I-90.
Touring routes.
NY 5.
NY 5 is a major east–west highway in upstate New York that passes through fourteen counties before ending in the state capital of Albany. It extends for a total of , of which is in Chautauqua County.
NY 5 begins in Chautauqua County at the Pennsylvania state line (into Pennsylvania, the road becomes Pennsylvania Route 5). NY 5 follows the shore of Lake Erie through the county, passing through Ripley, Westfield, Portland, Dunkirk, Sheridan, Silver Creek and Irving before crossing into Erie County.
Lake Erie State Park in Portland is accessible from NY 5.
NY 17.
NY 17 is concurrent with I-86 through Chautauqua County, as it is throughout most of the Southern Tier. It extends for a total of through twelve counties. of its path is within Chautauqua County. In Chautauqua County, NY 17 passes through Mina, Sherman, North Harmony, Bemus Point, Jamestown, Falconer and Kennedy.
NY 39.
NY 39 begins at U.S. Route 20 in Sheridan. It is an east–west highway that extends for a total of through five Western New York counties. of its path goes through Chautauqua County. In Chautauqua County, NY 39 passes through Sheridan, Hanover and Forestville.
NY 60.
NY 60 begins at U.S. Route 62 in Kiantone. It is a north–south highway with a length of , all of which is in Chautauqua County. NY 60 passes through Kiantone, Jamestown, Gerry, Charlotte, Cassadaga, Fredonia and Dunkirk.
NY 76.
NY 76 begins at an intersection with New York State Route 474 in Clymer. It is a north–south highway with a length of , all of which is in Chautauqua County. NY 76 passes through Clymer, Sherman and Ripley.
NY 83.
NY 83 begins at U.S. Route 62 at the Cattaraugus County line. It is a north–south highway with a length of , all of which is in Chautauqua County. NY 83 passes through Cherry Creek, Villenova and Arkwright.
NY 322.
NY 322 begins at New York State Route 83 in Villenova. It is an east–west highway with a total length of , of which is in Chautauqua County before it crosses into Cattaraugus County.
NY 394.
NY 394 begins at New York State Route 5 in Westfield. It is an east–west highway with a total length of , of which is in Chautauqua County before it crosses into Cattaraugus County. In Chautauqua County, NY 394 passes through Westfield, Mayville, Chautauqua, Lakewood, Jamestown, Falconer and Kennedy.
NY 426.
NY 426 begins at the Pennsylvania state line near Clymer, looping through the southwestern corner of the county and re-entering Pennsylvania near Findley Lake, becoming Pennsylvania Route 426 at both ends. It is a north–south highway with a length of , all of which is in Chautauqua County. NY 426 passes through French Creek and Findley Lake.
NY 430.
NY 430 begins at the Pennsylvania state line near Findley Lake. It is an east–west highway with a length of , all of which is in Chautauqua County. NY 430, also known as the Sen. Jess J. Present Memorial Highway, passes through Findley Lake, Sherman, Mayville, Bemus Point and Jamestown.
NY 474.
NY 474 begins at the Pennsylvania state line in French Creek. It is a north–south highway with a length of , all of which is in Chautauqua County. NY 474 passes through French Creek, Clymer, Panama, Ashville and Lakewood.
Reference routes.
NY 950D.
New York State Route 950D, also known as Shortman Road, is a reference route in Ripley. It is in length, running between New York State Route 5 and U.S. Route 20 and providing access from those routes to Interstate 90.
NY 951C.
New York State Route 951C, also known as Washington Street, is a reference route in Jamestown. It is in length, running between the NY 60/NY 394 concurrency near downtown and New York State Route 430 on the city's north side.
NY 952H.
New York State Route 952H, also known as Center Street, is a reference route in Silver Creek. It is just in length, providing a connection between New York State Route 5 and U.S. Route 20.
NY 952P.
New York State Route 952P, also known as Forest Avenue Extension, is a reference route in Busti. It is in length, connecting Jamestown with the Pennsylvania state line.
NY 953B.
New York State Route 953B, also known as Strunk Road, is a reference route in Ellicott. It is in length, providing access to I-86 from New York State Route 430.
NY 954J.
New York State Route 954J is a reference route that serves as an I-86 access road near Bemus Point. It is in length and provides a connection between New York State Route 430 and the interstate.
NY 954K.
New York State Route 954K, also known as McDaniel Avenue, is a reference route in Jamestown. It is in length, connecting New York State Route 394 with Fairmount Avenue.

</doc>
<doc id="19495625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495625" title="Sri Atmananda Memorial School (Malakkara, Kerala)">
Sri Atmananda Memorial School (Malakkara, Kerala)

Sri Atmananda Memorial School, administered by Atma Vidya Educational Foundation (AVEF), is a private, English-medium school for K-12 grades, following a teaching approach inspired by the great . His idea about education acknowledges the fundamental dignity of the individual child. In the close relationship between teacher and child, the curriculum is introduced through the child’s interests, fulfilling his or her personal, social, and academic needs. The guiding principles of this kind of education are that children are natural learners who learn in an integrated way, with each child developing in his or her own way. Most importantly, a strong relationship with a teacher is the foundation for development. Outcomes of this kind of education include self-confidence, independent thinking, problem-solving skills, creativity, initiative, and ability in conflict resolution.
About the School.
Founded in 1987, now with an enrolment of 212 children on two campuses, kindergarten through twelfth standard, the School is non-sectarian and accommodates children from varied socio-economic and religious backgrounds. It is affiliated to the Council for the Indian School Certificate Examinations and also to the Clonlara School (USA).
Visitors to the School, which is located in Malakara village near Chengannur, Kerala, India, remark on the joyous atmosphere and enthusiasm evident among the children and teachers. In the Lower Primary Section (ages 5 through 8), the children are free to decide which activities to attend and how to organize their own day, according to their interests. By the Upper Primary Section (ages 8–11), the children tend toward group projects that require a longer attention span. Examinations are introduced in the UP in a fun way through an “Exam Fest” where everyone helps everyone else. By the High School (ages 12–14) and Plus-Two (ages 15–17) Sections, the children prepare for the external board examinations in tenth (ICSE) and twelfth (ISC) standards or pursue the Clonlara diploma which assesses children on internal examinations, daily work, and a cumulative portfolio.
The benefits of this way of learning can be seen in the school’s graduates, who have gone on to higher learning at distinguished institutions in India, including St. Xavier's College (Mumbai), Loyola College (Chennai), the National Institute of Design (Bangalore), and St. Stephen’s College (University of Delhi); to universities abroad, including the London School of Economics and Political Science (UK); and on into the professional world at companies such as IBM, Tata Consultancy Services and Hewlett-Packard. Alumni are pursuing careers as varied as those of engineer, lawyer, animator, ayurvedic doctor, speech therapist, accountant, ship captain and teacher. Because of their way of learning, the students are strong in interpersonal skills, problem-solving and decision-making, all of which are much in demand in the professional world.
In following the principles of unconditionally valuing children, listening to them, helping them develop and giving regard to their thoughts and feelings, a deep love for the School develops among all who participate, and teachers along with students are improved.
Training Programme.
Atma Vidya Educational Foundation offers a three-year training program in its approach for its own teachers and for interested participants.

</doc>
<doc id="19495626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495626" title="I gabestokken">
I gabestokken

I gabestokken is a 1950 Danish family film directed by Jon Iversen and Alice O'Fredericks. 

</doc>
<doc id="19495630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495630" title="Vernon Mendis">
Vernon Mendis

Deshamanya Dr Vernon Loraine Benjamin Mendis (5 December 1925 – 23 June 2010) was a prominent Sri Lankan diplomat, who served as the United Nations' Special Envoy to the Middle East. He is referred to as the "Sri Lanka's Father of Diplomacy" due to his role in formation of the country's diplomatic service and has served as Sri Lankan High Commissioner to the United Kingdom, Canada; Ambassador to France, Cuba and Secretary General of the Non Aligned Movement.
Education.
Dr Vernon Mendis was educated at Prince of Wales' College, Moratuwa. and the Royal College Colombo. He then pursued further studies at the University of Ceylon, where he studied history gaining a Bachelor of Arts (Second Upper Honours in History). His classmate at Royal College Colombo was Hon. Justice Christopher Weeramantry who became the Vice President of the International Court of Justice. He would later gain a Master of Philosophy from School of Oriental and African Studies of the University of London.
Diplomatic career.
Dr Mendis was in the first batch of cadets who were taken into the newly formed Ceylon Overseas Service in 1949 through a highly competitive examination and selection process and later given permanent appointment by Prime Minister D. S. Senanayake. His first placement was as counselor in Ceylon's embassy in Washington, D.C., where Sir Claude Corea was ambassador. After Washington he was sent to Tokyo to the newly established mission there before its first ambassador, Sir Susantha de Fonseka arrived. He then served in Ceylon's missions in Paris as Chargé d'affaires (1953–1955) and Moscow (1955–1960) where Dr.G.P. Malalasekera was the ambassador. He was recalled to Ceylon in 1960 to be appointed as Chief of Protocol in the Ministry of Defense and External Affairs at the age of 35, one of the youngest to hold that position. Next he was made deputy high commissioner for Ceylon in London and later in New Delhi.
In 1965 he was appointed as High Commissioner to the United Kingdom. In 1970 he was recalled to Colombo, where he was Foreign Affairs Advisor to the Prime Minister Sirimavo Bandaranaike, during which time he played a major role in the formulation of foreign policy of Sri Lanka which had become a republic in 1972. A major milestone of his career was in 1976 when he functioned as the Secretary General of the Non Aligned Movement Summit in Colombo, where he had to chair sessions in the presence of some of the greatest leaders at the time, such as Indian Prime Minister Indira Gandhi, Yugoslavian Premier Marshal Josip Broz Tito, Cuban President Fidel Castro. Soon after he was appointed the high commissioner of Sri Lanka to Canada with concurrent accreditation to Cuba. When his tenure as high commissioner ended in 1980 he retired from the Sri Lanka Overseas Service.
United Nation Special Envoy to the Middle East.
Soon after leaving the foreign Service he took up a posting with the United Nations as Special Envoy in the Middle East based in Cairo, serving as the Regional Director of UNESCO. There he was in charge of looking after the interests of the United Nations in the Gulf where Egypt was making waves in its foreign policy. He had to deal with some of the issues in relation to Egypt's Cultural Treasures on behalf of the UNESCO and with Egypt's relations with Sudan.
Later life.
Returning to Sri Lanka after his work in the UN, he served as the chairman of the Telecom Board for three years. He was also served as a Peace Fellow at the United States Institute of Peace in Washington and was the funding Director-General of the Bandaranaike International Diplomatic Training Institute in Colombo.

</doc>
<doc id="19495652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495652" title="Oliver Davis (American football)">
Oliver Davis (American football)

Oliver Davis (born August 29, 1954 in Columbus, Georgia) is a former American football cornerback in the National Football League. He was drafted by the Cleveland Browns in the fourth round of the 1977 NFL Draft. He played college football at Tennessee State.
Davis also played for the Cincinnati Bengals.

</doc>
<doc id="19495657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495657" title="Ville Mattila">
Ville Mattila

Herman Vilhelm "Ville" Mattila (March 9, 1903 – July 11, 1987) was a Finnish cross country skier who competed in the 1928 Winter Olympics.
He was born and died in Haapavesi.
In 1928 he finished tenth in the 18 kilometre competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19495672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495672" title="Independent Label Group">
Independent Label Group

Independent Label Group was an American record label owned by Warner Music Group. The company was formed in 2006 as an umbrella for various Warner auxiliary labels including East West Records, Rykodisc and Cordless Recordings. Outside of the U.S., the label was distributed by WEA International. In 2012 it was merged into Alternative Distribution Alliance (ADA), another WMG label.

</doc>
<doc id="19495680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495680" title="Te Deum (Charpentier)">
Te Deum (Charpentier)

Marc-Antoine Charpentier composed his grand polyphonic motet Te Deum (H. 146) in D major probably between 1688 and 1698, during his stay at the Jesuit Church of Saint-Louis in Paris, where he held the position of musical director. The work is written for the group of soloists, choir, and instrumental accompaniment.
Charpentier authored six "Te Deum" settings, although only four of them have survived. It is thought that the composition have been performed to mark the victory celebrations and the Battle of Steinkirk in August, 1692. 
Structure.
The composition consists of the following parts:
Charpentier considered the key D-major as ""bright and very warlike"". The instrumental introduction, composed in the form of rondo, precedes the first verset, led by the bass soloist. The choir and other soloists join gradually. Charpentier apparently intended to orchestrate the work according to the traditional exegesis of the Latin text. The choir thus predominates in the first part (verset 1-10, praise of God, heavenly dimension), and individual soloists in the second part (verset 10-20, Christological section, secular dimension). In subsequent versets, nos. 21-25, both soloists and choir alternate, and the final verset is a large-scale fugue written for choir, with a short trio for soloists in the middle.
Orchestration.
The composition is scored for five soloists (SSATB) and choir (SATB), accompanied with an instrumental ensemble of 2 flutes, 2 oboes, 2 trumpets, timpani, violin (2 violins for the bass solo "Te deum laudamus"), 2 violas ("haute-contres de violon" and "tailles de violon") and basso continuo. Continuo shurely includes "basses de violon" (a cello-like, large scaled instrument often replaced by the cello in modern performances) and organ, but can, for example, be reinforced by harpsichord, therbo, bass viol and bassoon or " basse de cromorne" (a kind of bass oboe). 
Reception.
After the work's rediscovery in 1953 by the musicologist Carl de Nys, the instrumental prelude, "Marche en rondeau", was chosen in 1954 as the theme music preceding the broadcasts of the European Broadcasting Union. After over sixty years of use notably before the popular Eurovision Song Contest, the prelude, as arranged and directed by Louis Martini and Guy Lambert, has become Charpentier's best-known work.
The prelude was also used for the introduction of the "Olympiad" films by Bud Greenspan.

</doc>
<doc id="19495682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495682" title="Einar Mässeli">
Einar Mässeli

Einar Mässeli (January 4, 1898 – December 4, 1966) was a Finnish cross country skier who competed in the 1928 Winter Olympics.
He was born in Säkäjärvi, Virolahti and died in Virolahti.
In 1928 he finished 13th in the 18 kilometre competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19495687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495687" title="Mosekongen">
Mosekongen

Mosekongen is a 1950 Danish family film directed by Jon Iversen and Alice O'Fredericks.

</doc>
<doc id="19495691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495691" title="Rain Clouds over Wushan">
Rain Clouds over Wushan

Rain Clouds over Wushan () (also known as In Expectation) is a 1995 Chinese film directed by Zhang Ming and written by Zhu Wen. The film follows the lives of two lonely people living in Wushan on the banks of the Yangtze River during the construction of the Three Gorges Dam. 
The satirical portrayal of rural life is considered part of the sixth generation movement that began in the early 1990s. Unlike many other films of the movement, however, "Rain Clouds over Wushan" was produced with help from the state-run Beijing Film Studio.
Plot.
Mai Qiang (Zhang Xianming) is a lonely thirty-year old river signalman living in Wushan, on the banks of the Yangtze River. Lonely, he is pushed to meet women by his more socially adept friend (Wang Wenqiang. One day, after getting drunk, he meets a young widow, Chen Qing (Zhong Ping). Chen, works in a small inn destined to be flooded when the Three Gorges Dam is complete and dreams of a better life. Mai, thinking she is the woman he dreams of every night, forces her to have sex but is shamed by his actions when he realizes what he has done the next morning. 
Chen informs the police and Mai is arrested. Chen, however, decides to tell the police that she has consented to the sex, saving Mai and bringing disdain upon herself. A grateful Mai then decides to propose to Chen.
Reception.
Since its release in 1996, "Rainclouds over Wushan" has slowly gained a reputation as a key film in the sixth generation movement of Chinese cinema. It was, for example, part of a retrospective by the Harvard Film Archive as part of its retrospective on the so-called "Urban Generation" in 2001. It was also screened at other retrospectives throughout the United States, including the UCLA Film Archive's 2000 "New Chinese Cinema: Tales of Urban Delight, Alienation and the Margins" retrospective.
Internationally, the film was screened at several film festivals, notably winning a Dragons and Tigers Award from the Vancouver International Film Festival in 1997, an honor it shared with the South Korean film, "The Day a Pig Fell Into the Well". Additionally the film won a FIPRESCI prize at the Torino Film Festival, as well as the Best Feature Film award.

</doc>
<doc id="19495697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495697" title="Yangon Zoological Gardens">
Yangon Zoological Gardens

The Yangon Zoological Gardens (Yangon Zoo) ( ) is the oldest and the second largest zoo in Myanmar. Located immediately north of downtown Yangon near Kandawgyi Lake, the recreational park also includes a museum of natural history, an aquarium and an amusement park. With a collection of nearly 200 species and 1100 species, the zoo draws nearly 2.2 million visitors annually. The zoo was operated by the Forest Department under the Ministry of Forestry until April 2011, and is now operated by a private firm.
Yangon Zoo is open from 8 am to 6 pm daily.
History.
The first collection of wild animals in Yangon began in 1882 in connection with Phayre's Museum, then situated at the present site of Yangon General Hospital. Funded by the public donation of 240,000 kyats, construction started at the present site near the Royal Lake (Kandawgyi Lake) in 1901. The newly established zoological gardens was formally opened as the Victoria Memorial Park and Zoological Gardens in honor of Queen Victoria. The major attraction at the opening was the white elephant of King Thibaw, the last king of Burma, whom the British had exiled to India only 20 years earlier. In 1908 the Victoria Memorial Park and Zoological Gardens Act was passed giving the establishment a legal recognition.
The zoo was vandalized and looted during World War II. In 1951, the Burmese government changed the name to the Rangoon Zoological Gardens and Parks. In 1962, the zoo's area was enlarged to the present size of . The enlarged compound opened doors to new attractions: a museum of natural history on 4 May 1966, an amusement park on 7 October 1997, and an aquarium on 1 October 1998. The aquarium is operated by the Department of Fisheries.
Between 2003 and 2006, the zoo underwent a K600 million renovation program, resulting in an increase in the number of visitors from 1.1 million in 2003-2004 and 1.8 million in 2004-2005 to 2.2 million in 2005-2006.
About 420 animals including elephants, crocodiles, tigers, deer, leopards, monkeys from the Yangon Zoo were relocated to the Naypyidaw Zoo in February 2008.
Attractions.
Land animals.
The zoo has 145 species of land animals, including 8 endangered species (the tiger, the takin, Asian elephant, the clouded leopard, the Burmese large tortoise, the great hornbill, the marsh crocodile and the eld's deer). In 2000, the number of land animals in the zoo was 1203 while that in 2006 was 1100.
Flora.
In 2000, the zoo had over 300 species of flora totaling over 15,000.
Museum of Natural History.
The Natural History Museum, located in the southern end of the park, houses exhibits of taxidermy, specializing in rare species of Burmese fauna with explanatory charts and captions. Many of the curators are postgraduate students of zoology from Yangon University.
Animal Performance Shows.
Various animal shows are performed on weekends and public holidays during the fall and summer seasons (November to April).
Aquarium.
Opened in 1998, the aquarium is the first large scale aquarium in the country.
Amusement Park.
The amusement park had a number of rides including the city's only roller-coaster. It is closed to the public indefinitely.

</doc>
<doc id="19495702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495702" title="Human rights in Canada">
Human rights in Canada

Since signing the Universal Declaration of Human Rights in 1948, the Canadian government has attempted to make universal human rights a part of Canadian law. There are currently four key mechanisms in Canada to protect human rights: the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms, the Canadian Human Rights Act, the Canadian Human Rights Commission, and provincial human rights laws and legislation. 
The issue of human rights in Canada has not attracted significant controversy relative to human rights issues in other countries. Most Canadians believe the country to be a strong proponent and positive model of human rights for the rest of the world. For example, in 2005, Canada became the fourth country in the world to legalize same-sex marriage nationwide with the enactment of the Civil Marriage Act. 
Canada does have to deal with some issues of human rights abuses that have attracted condemnation from international bodies, such as the United Nations. For example, some provinces still allow the use of religiously segregated schools. The treatment of Canada's First Nations people or Aboriginal Canadians and the disabled also continues to attract criticism.
History.
Human rights concerns the private rights and power of people. This typically has broad meaning, covering all human rights protected under the law outside of the criminal law context. Civil rights primarily gravitates around issues such as discrimination, accommodation, suffrage (voting), and to a lesser extent, property rights. Human rights are primarily protected under the federal and provincial Human Rights Acts in private context, and under the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms where the state is a party to the matter.
Controversial human rights issues in Canada have included patient rights, freedom of speech, freedom of religion, parents' rights, children's rights, abortion rights vs rights of the unborn, minority rights, majority rights, rights of the disabled, aboriginal rights, tenant rights and economic, social and political rights.
From the 19th century to the advent of the Canadian Bill of Rights and the first provincial Human Rights Act, the laws of Canada and the provinces did not provide much in the way of civil rights and it was typically of limited concern to the courts. This is not to say that Canadians did not have rights. However, there was no enumerated list of rights which citizens could use to press a claim against the state, as in the American Bill of Rights or the French Declaration of the Rights of Man. Instead Canadian law followed British tradition in which the (unenumerated) "Rights of Englishmen" have traditionally been defended by all the branches of the state (the courts, the parliament, and the Crown) collectively and sometimes in competition with each other. In Canada this concept was interpreted in light of Canadian federalism, where the courts frequently prevented provincial legislatures from legislating in ways that impinged on individual rights, leaving that power only with the federal parliament. This concept is know at the "Implied Bill of Rights".
During this early period there were a number legal cases arising from discriminatory or repressive conduct. The courts typically dealt with these cases strictly as a matter of law with no explicit consideration to the social element of the matter.
The earliest cases typically turned on the question of constitutional jurisdiction of the law. In Union Colliery Co. of British Columbia v. Bryden (1899), Bryden, a shareholder in Union Colliery, accused the company of violating the provincial Mining Act which prohibited the hiring of "Chinamen". The company successfully challenged the constitutionality of the Act on the grounds that it legislated on a matter that was in federal jurisdiction. In Cunningham v. Homma (1903), the provincial law prohibiting people of Japanese descent from voting was found to be constitutional on the basis that it was a matter within the province's jurisdiction to legislate on. Similarly, in the case of Quong Wing v. R. (1914), the Saskatchewan law prohibiting the hiring of white women by businesses owned by "Chinamen" was constitutionally valid as a matter of jurisdiction.
In the 1938 decision of Reference re Alberta Statutes, the Supreme Court of Canada first recognized an implied bill of rights. The Court had struck down an Albertan law that prohibited the press from criticizing the government. In Reference re Persons of Japanese Race (1946), the Supreme Court of Canada upheld a government order to deport Canadian citizens of Japanese descent. However, in dissent, two justices invoked the implied bill of rights as a valid basis for invalidating the law.
In Noble v. Alley (1955), the Supreme Court of Canada refused to enforce a restrictive covenant prohibiting the sale of land to those of Jewish descent on the basis that it was too vague.
Beginning in 1947, the provinces began adopting human rights legislation: the Saskatchewan Bill of Rights (1947), Ontario (1962), Nova Scotia (1963), Alberta (1966), New Brunswick (1967), Prince Edward Island (1968), Newfoundland (1969), British Columbia (1969), Manitoba (1970) and Quebec (1975). In 1977, the federal government enacted the "Canadian Human Rights Act".
Notable violations.
World War I treatment of Ukrainian Canadians.
The Ukrainian Canadian internment was part of the confinement of "enemy aliens" in Canada during and for two years after the end of the First World War, lasting from 1914 to 1920, under the terms of the War Measures Act. About 4,000 Ukrainian men and some women and children of Austro-Hungarian citizenship were kept in twenty-four internment camps and related work sites – also known, at the time, as concentration camps. Many were released in 1916 to help with the mounting labour shortage.
Chinese Head Tax and Chinese Immigration Act of 1923.
The Chinese head tax was a fixed fee charged to each Chinese person entering Canada. The head tax was first levied after the Canadian parliament passed the Chinese Immigration Act of 1885 and was meant to discourage Chinese people from entering Canada after the completion of the Canadian Pacific Railway. The tax was abolished by the Chinese Immigration Act of 1923, which stopped Chinese immigration altogether, except for business people, clergy, educators, students, and other categories.
World War II treatment of Japanese Canadians.
Japanese Canadian internment refers to confinement of Japanese Canadians in British Columbia during World War II. The internment began in December 1941, after the attack by carrier-borne forces of Imperial Japan on American naval and army facilities at Pearl Harbor. The Canadian federal government gave the internment order based on speculation of sabotage and espionage, although the RCMP and defence department lacked proof. Many interned children were brought up in these camps, including David Suzuki, Joy Kogawa, and Roy Miki. The Canadian government promised the Japanese Canadians that their property and finances would be returned upon release; however, these assets were sold off cheaply at auctions.
Cold War forced relocation.
In the early 1950s and in the context of the Cold War, the federal government forcibly relocated 87 Inuit citizens to the High Arctic as human symbols of Canada's assertion of ownership of the region. The Inuit were told that they would be returned home to Northern Quebec after a year if they wished, but this offer was later withdrawn as it would damage Canada's claims to the High Arctic; they were forced to stay. In 1993, after extensive hearings, the Royal Commission on Aboriginal Peoples issued "The High Arctic Relocation: A Report on the 1953-55 Relocation". The government paid compensation but has not apologised.
PROFUNC.
PROFUNC (1950 - 1983), which stands for "PROminent FUNCtionaries of the communist party", was a Government of Canada third rail top secret plan to identify and intern Canadian communists and crypto-communists during the height of the Cold War.
Residential schools.
The Indian residential schools of Canada were a network of "residential" (boarding) schools for Aboriginal peoples of Canada (First Nations, Metis, and Inuit) funded by the Canadian government's Department of Indian Affairs, and administered by Christian churches, most notably the Catholic Church in Canada and the Anglican Church of Canada. The system had origins in pre-Confederation times, but was primarily active following the passage of the "Indian Act" in 1876, until the mid-twentieth century. The last residential school was not closed until 1996.
Separate Schools.
Some Canadian provinces, including Ontario, Saskatchewan, and Alberta, continue to operate separate and publicly funded schools that allegedly discriminate by religion, although students attending these schools need not be Roman Catholic by faith. In Canada these are usually Roman Catholic schools which are run parallel to the public school system that historically had been either Protestant or Roman Catholic, but which in recent years has become secular. In addition to Roman Catholic school boards, Alberta, Saskatchewan, and Ontario each have one Protestant separate school district.
On November 5, 1999 the United Nations Human Rights Committee condemned Canada and Ontario for having violated the equality provisions (Article 26) of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights. The Committee restated its concerns on November 2, 2005, when it published its Concluding Observations regarding Canada's fifth periodic report under the Covenant. The Committee observed that Canada had failed to "adopt steps in order to eliminate discrimination on the basis of religion in the funding of schools in Ontario."
Bill 101 in Quebec.
Bill 101 in Quebec is a collection of laws instituted in order to propagate the French language and severely restricted the use of English. In 1993, the United Nations Human Rights Committee ruled that Quebec's sign laws broke an international covenant on civil and political rights. "A State may choose one or more official languages," the committee wrote, "but it may not exclude, outside the spheres of public life, the freedom to express oneself in a language of one's choice. The Committee accordingly concludes that there has been a violation of article 19, paragraph 2."
The current law specifies that commercial outdoor signs can be multilingual so long as French is markedly predominant. 

</doc>
<doc id="19495707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495707" title="Comparison of 3D computer graphics software">
Comparison of 3D computer graphics software

3D computer graphics software refers to programs used to create 3D computer-generated imagery.
General information.
This is a chart on basic comparative elements that is based on the raw software without the inclusion of additional plugins.
Operating system support.
The operating systems on which the editors can run natively (without emulation or compatibility layers), meaning which operating systems have which editors specifically coded for them (not, for example, Wings 3D for Windows running on Linux with Wine).

</doc>
<doc id="19495740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495740" title="John Adam Cramb">
John Adam Cramb

John Adam Cramb (4 May 1862 – October 1913) was a Scottish historian and fervent patriot. He published non-fiction works under his own name, and fiction under the pseudonym of R. A. Revermont. 
Cramb was born at Denny, Falkirk in Scotland, on the 4th of May, 1862. On leaving school he went to University of Glasgow, where he graduated in 1885, taking 1st Class Honours in Classics. In the same year he was appointed to the Luke Fellowship in English Literature, he also studied at University of Bonn. He subsequently travelled in continental Europe, and in 1887 he married the third daughter of the late Mr. Edward W. Selby Lowndes of Winslow, and left one son. From 1888 to 1890 he was Lecturer in Modern History at Queen Margaret College, Glasgow. 
Settling in London in 1890 he contributed several articles to the "Dictionary of National Biography", and also occasional reviews to periodicals. For many years he was an examiner for the Civil Service Commission. In 1892 he was appointed Lecturer and in 1893 Professor of Modern History at Queen's College, London, where he lectured until his death. He was also an occasional lecturer on military history at the Staff College, Camberley, and at York, Chatham, and other centres. In London he gave private courses on history, literature and philosophy. His last series of lectures was delivered in February and March, 1913, the subject being the relations between England and Germany. In response to many requests he was engaged in preparing these lectures for publication when, in October 1913, he died.

</doc>
<doc id="19495742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495742" title="Fodboldpræsten">
Fodboldpræsten

Fodboldpræsten is a 1951 Danish family film directed by Alice O'Fredericks.

</doc>
<doc id="19495745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495745" title="William Wright (missionary)">
William Wright (missionary)

William Wright (15 January 1837 – 31 July 1899) was an Irish missionary in Damascus and the author of "The Empire of the Hittites" (1884), which introduced the history of the recently discovered Hittite civilization to the general public.

</doc>
<doc id="19495760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495760" title="Valmari Toikka">
Valmari Toikka

Volmari "Valmari" Toikka (December 27, 1902, Kannusjärvi, Kymenlaakso – December 21, 1990) was a Finnish cross country skier who competed in the 1932 Winter Olympics.
He was born in Kannusjärvi, Kymenlaakso and died in Vehkalahti.
In 1932 he finished seventh in the 18 kilometre competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19495766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495766" title="Burnel Okana-Stazi">
Burnel Okana-Stazi

Burnel Okana-Stazi (born July 10, 1983 in Gamboma) is a Congolese football player who is currently playing for FC Stal Alchevsk.
Career.
In 2005 he moved to FC Stal Alchevsk. After two and a half seasons with FC Stal Alchevsk joined FC Slavia-Mozyr, before he returned to FC Stal Alchevsk in June 2009.
International career.
Okana-Stazi made his first cap for Congo national football team in the World Cup Qualy match against Mali on 7 September 2008.
Personal life.
Okana Stazi is married with a Ukrainian lady, and the couple live in Donetsk, Ukraine.

</doc>
<doc id="19495767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495767" title="1994 Waldbaum's Hamlet Cup – Doubles">
1994 Waldbaum's Hamlet Cup – Doubles

Marc-Kevin Goellner and David Prinosil were the defending champions, but chose not to participate that year.
Olivier Delaître and Guy Forget won in the final 6–4, 7–6, against Andrew Florent and Mark Petchey.

</doc>
<doc id="19495768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495768" title="Stan Blinka">
Stan Blinka

Stanley John Blinka (born April 29, 1957 in Columbus, Ohio) is a former American football linebacker in the National Football League. He was drafted by the New York Jets in the fifth round of the 1979 NFL Draft. He played college football at Sam Houston State. He also played one season in the United States Football League, with the Denver Gold, in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="19495792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495792" title="Lloyd George Museum">
Lloyd George Museum

The Lloyd George Museum is dedicated to the life and times of David Lloyd George, the Welshman who was prime minister of the United Kingdom from 1916 to 1922. It is located in Lloyd George's Home Village of Llanystumdwy, in Wales, and is run by Gwynedd Council.
The Museum includes the boyhood home of David Lloyd George, Highgate, which has been recreated to appear as it was in the late 19th Century.

</doc>
<doc id="19495797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495797" title="Frans Heikkinen">
Frans Heikkinen

Frans Heikkinen (April 22, 1906, Paltamo – October 8, 1943) was a Finnish cross country skier who competed in the 1932 Winter Olympics.
He was born in Paltamo and died in Lieksa.
In 1936 he finished seventh in the 50 kilometre competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19495804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495804" title="Mita, Meguro, Tokyo">
Mita, Meguro, Tokyo

As a part of Yebisu Garden Place, Tokyo Metropolitan Museum of Photography is located in Mita.
The district borders Ebisu and Ebisuminami on the north; Kamiōsaki on the east; Meguro on the south and (across Meguro River) on the west; and Nakameguro on the northwest.

</doc>
<doc id="19495806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495806" title="Antonci, Poreč">
Antonci, Poreč

Antonci is a small village close to Poreč in the Croatian region of Istria (Istria County). The population is 111.

</doc>
<doc id="19495818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495818" title="1974 Bavarian Tennis Championships">
1974 Bavarian Tennis Championships

The 1974 BMW Open was an Grand Prix tennis circuit tournament held in Munich, Germany which began on May 15, 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="19495822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495822" title="Bandra Fair">
Bandra Fair

Bandra Fair is a week long fair held annually in the Bandra suburb of Mumbai, India starting on the following Sunday after 8 September. It is celebrated to commemorate the Nativity of Mary, mother of Jesus, on 8 September at the Mount Mary Church, Bandra.
The Bandra Fair is estimated to be around 300 years old. The fair started when a statue of Mother Mary was found floating in the Arabian Sea between 1700 and 1760, which, according to a legend, a Koli fisherman had dreamt about a few years earlier.
History.
Although the current church edifice is just 100 years old, the history behind the current statue of Our Lady of Mount goes back to the 16th century when Jesuit priests from Portugal brought the statue to bandra and constructed the Mount Mary Church there. In 1700 Arab pirates disfigured the statue by cutting off the right hand. In 1760, the Mount Mary Church was rebuilt and the statue was substituted with a statue of Our Lady of Navigators from the St. Andrew's Church nearby in Bandra. This statue had an interesting legend. It goes that a Koli fisherman dreamt that he would find a statue in the sea. The statue was found floating in the sea between 1700 and 1760. A Jesuit Annual Letter dated to 1669 and published in the book "St. Andrew's Church, Bandra" (1616–1966) supports this claim. This was believed to be a miracle by the locals, and the Bandra Fair was started to celebrate this. However, in 1761, the original statue of the Lady of Mount was renovated with a child in her arms and is worshiped at the fair ever since.
Celebrations.
The Fair draws lakhs of devotees and pilgrims annually. Many faithful attest to the miraculous powers of the Mount. During the Fair, tens of thousands visit the shrine of Our Lady of Mount. The shrine attracts people from all faiths who pray to the statue for thanksgiving or requesting of favours.
During the Fair, the entire area is decorated with festoons and buntings. Many pitch up stalls selling religious objects like wax idols of Mother Mary along with an assortment of candles shaped like hands, feet and various other parts of the body. The sick people choose one that corresponds to their ailment and light it in Church, with the hope that Mother Mary will consider their appeals for help.
Sweets like Guava cheese, "Kadio bodio" (tiny stick made of Maida flour dipped in sugar syrup and dried) from Goa, Mawa peda (thick cookie made using evaporated milk) from Uttar Pradesh, "Halva" from Kerala, Tamil Nadu, and Delhi, and the chikki (a sweet made from groundnuts and jaggery) from Maharashtra are usually found at the stalls during the fair.
Complaints.
Recently, there have been many issues raised by the residents residing on the Mount Mary Road in Bandra where the Fair takes place. Some residents have complained that all the public transport is reserved for pilgrims during the fair, leaving the nearby residents with no transport. Due to large scale cooking on the roads, some residents have complained of pollution, while many have complained that mosquitoes increase in number during the fair. Also, nearby dental clinics and dispensaries on Mount Mary Road prefer to remain closed during the fair.
Popularity.
The Bandra Fair is very popular in Mumbai. Every year, different political parties set up their political banners across the suburb of Bandra inviting the pilgrims to the Fair.
The Bandra Fair is also popular across the world especially with the Indian Catholic diaspora. A similar event called the "Bandra Feast" is organized annually by the India Social and Cultural Centre (ISCC) in Abu Dhabi.

</doc>
<doc id="19495825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495825" title="Frihed forpligter">
Frihed forpligter

Frihed forpligter (English translation: Duties of Freedom is a 1951 Danish film directed by Alice O'Fredericks and Robert Saaskin. 

</doc>
<doc id="19495829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495829" title="Arne Tuft">
Arne Tuft

Arne Tuft (January 16, 1911 – June 23, 1989) was a Norwegian cross country skier who competed in the 1932 Winter Olympics.
He was born in Hønefoss and died in Oslo.
In 1936 he finished sixth in the 50 kilometre competition.
Arne Tuft was the grandfather of Canadian cyclist Svein Tuft

</doc>
<doc id="19495844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495844" title="Grupo Editorial Norma">
Grupo Editorial Norma

Grupo Editorial Norma is a book publishing company based in Colombia. It also operates several web portals.
Founded in 1960, Grupo Editorial Norma today operates in most Latin American countries and in Spain where it owns several publishing houses.
Grupo Editorial Norma is part of Carvajal Educacion, that is a section of the international company Carvajal S.A.. 
Its imprints include:

</doc>
<doc id="19495862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495862" title="Elmira Heights Village Hall">
Elmira Heights Village Hall

The Elmira Heights Village Hall was built in 1896. It was designed by local architects J. H. Pierce and H. H. Bickford. It is significant architecturally as an example of the Chateauesque or Northern Renaissance Revival style of the period. It is significant historically for its role in local government. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="19495872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495872" title="Henri Sauvage">
Henri Sauvage

Henri Sauvage (10 May 1873 – 1932) was a French architectural designer.
Sauvage was born in Rouen, France. After studying at the École nationale supérieure des Beaux-Arts in the atelier of Jean-Louis Pascal, he opened a wallpaper shop in Paris for which he got orders from Hector Guimard and Louis Majorelle, he then collaborated with the architect Charles Sarazin from 1898 to 1912, which whom he funded the "Société anonyme de logements hygiéniques à bon marché" in 1903. He married Marie-Louise Charpentier in 1898. He designed numerous social buildings.
Friend of Hector Guimard, he was both an Art Nouveau and modern architect. Twenty marble mosaics made from Sauvage's cartoons decorate the Art Deco lobby of Carnegie Library of Reims.
From 1928 to 1931, he taught at the "architecture workshop" of the École nationale supérieure des arts décoratifs.

</doc>
<doc id="19495874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495874" title="Det gamle guld">
Det gamle guld

Det gamle guld is a 1951 Danish family film directed by Jon Iversen and Alice O'Fredericks. 

</doc>
<doc id="19495898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495898" title="Asinine">
Asinine


</doc>
<doc id="19495902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495902" title="Uzboy River">
Uzboy River

The Uzboy River (sometimes rendered Uzboj) was a distributary of the Amu Darya which flowed through the northwestern part of the Karakum Desert of Turkmenistan until the 17th century, when it abruptly dried up, destroying in the process the Khwarezm civilization which had thrived along its banks. (It was a part of the ancient region of Dahistan.)
Now a dry river channel and a center for archaeological excavations, the Uzboy flowed some 750 kilometers, from a branch in the Amu Darya River via Sarykamysh Lake to the Caspian Sea. A riverine civilization existed along the banks of the river from at least the 5th century BC until the 17th century AD, when the water which had fed the Uzboy abruptly stopped flowing out of the main course of the Amudarya. The Uzboy dried up, and the tribes which had inhabited the river's banks were abruptly dispersed, the survivors becoming nomadic desert dwellers.
In the early 1950s, construction work started to build a major irrigation canal roughly along the river bed of the former Uzboy. However, the project was abandoned soon after the death of Joseph Stalin in 1953; later on, Qaraqum Canal was constructed along an entirely different, much more southerly, route.

</doc>
<doc id="19495917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495917" title="International Symposium on Distributed Computing">
International Symposium on Distributed Computing

The International Symposium on Distributed Computing (DISC) is an annual academic conference for refereed presentations, whose focus is the theory, design, analysis, implementation, and application of distributed systems and networks. The Symposium is organized in association with the European Association for Theoretical Computer Science (EATCS). 
The Edsger W. Dijkstra Prize in Distributed Computing is presented alternately at DISC and at the ACM Symposium on Principles of Distributed Computing (PODC).
History.
DISC dates back to 1985, when it began as a biannual Workshop on Distributed Algorithms on Graphs (WDAG); it became annual in 1989. The name changed to the present one in 1998.
While the first WDAG was held in Ottawa, Canada in 1985, since then WDAG/DISC has been organised primarily in European locations, one exception being WDAG 1992 in Haifa, Israel. In September 2010, DISC returned to North America for the first time since 1985: 24th DISC took place in Cambridge, Massachusetts, USA. In the same year, its North American sister conference PODC was held in Europe (Zurich) for the first time in its history.

</doc>
<doc id="19495919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495919" title="Avon Riley">
Avon Riley

Avon Riley (born February 10, 1958 in Savannah, Georgia) is a former American football linebacker in the National Football League. He was drafted by the Houston Oilers in the ninth round of the 1981 NFL Draft. He played college football at UCLA.
Riley also played for the Pittsburgh Steelers.

</doc>
<doc id="19495929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495929" title="Husmandstøsen">
Husmandstøsen

Husmandstøsen is a 1952 Danish family film directed by Alice O'Fredericks. It is based on the 1908 novella "The Girl from the Marsh Croft" by Selma Lagerlöf.

</doc>
<doc id="19495983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495983" title="Malaysia–Thailand joint development area">
Malaysia–Thailand joint development area

The Malaysia-Thailand Joint Development Area is a 7,250 km square area in the Gulf of Thailand which was created as an interim measure to exploit the natural resources in the seabed or continental shelf claimed by the two countries and to share the proceeds equally. The arrangement does not extinguish the legal right to claims by both countries over the area. This is one of the first applications of the joint development a memorandum of understanding on 21 February 1979 in Chiang Mai, Thailand for the establishment of the joint development area and authority to administer the area. This was followed by an agreement to constitute the joint development authority on 30 May 1990 in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
As of the end of 2007, approximately 8.5 trillion standard cubic feet of gas reserves (proved and probable) from twenty two fields in the area have been discovered. Gas production from the Cakerawala gas field began on 2 January 2005.
The area.
The joint development area basically coincides with the area of overlapping claim of the continental shelf by the two countries. The western and north-eastern boundaries of the JDA is that of Malaysia's continental shelf claim as asserted in its 1979 map issued by the country's Survey and Mapping Department. The southern boundary coincides with Thailand's exclusive economic zone boundary as proclaimed in 1988. 
A portion of the joint development area is also claimed by Vietnam and is known as the Tripartite Overlapping Claim Area. The three countries have agreed to utilise the joint development formula for the exploitation of resources in the area but no further developments have been reported so far.
Malaysia's continental shelf limit claim is from Point A to Point C via Point B and thence to Point G while Thailand's Exclusive Economic Zone claim limit is from Point A to Point G through Points D, E, and F. It has not delimited its continental shelf limits beyond Point G.
Exploration, development and production.
Exploration.
The joint development area was originally divided into three blocks for exploration. They are Blocks A-18 (middle portion of the JDA), B-17 (northern portion) and C-19 (southern portion). On 21 April 1994, two production sharing contracts (PSC) were awarded by the Malaysia-Thailand Joint Authority (MTJA) to two groups of contractors. Each group of contractors also formed operating companies for exploraion. They were:
PC JDA LLtd is a wholly owned subsidiary company of Petronas Carigali Sdn. Bhd. while PTTEP International Ltd is a wholly owned subsidiary company of PTT Exploration and Production Public Company Limited.
The period for exploration ended on 20 April 2002 and the above contractors retained the gas fields holding areas in their respective blocks but had to relinquish the areas not deemed as gas fields holding areas back to the MTJA. The relinquished areas of the JDA (approximately 3,475 km square) was made into a new block named Block B-17-01. A PSC was signed on 30 September 2004 for the contractors for the new block. They are:
Between 1994 to 2007, a total of 59 exploration and appraisal wells were drilled in the JDA. Thirty-seven wells were located in Block A-18 and 22 in Block B-17. Another three exploratory wells were drilled in the new Block B-17-01.
Production.
Twenty two gas fields have been declared in the JDA. As of the end of 2007, approximately 8.5 trillion standard cubic feet of proved and probable gas reserves have been discovered in the 22 fields. Some of these fields also have minor oil accumulations. The fields are:
The main production complex in Block A-18 is the Cakerawala Production Complex which is located at the Cakerawala gas field. It was completed in May 2002 and production began with 19 wells (14 wells on Cakerawala A platform and 5 wells on Cakerawala B platform) on 2 January 2005. Seven wells were later developed on Cakerawala. The initial contracted production level under Phase One was .
In 2006, Phase Two commenced with the development of the Bumi, Suriya and Bulan fields as well as the expansion of Cakerawala C to sustain an additional contracted production level of . The gas is piped to a receiving facility in Songkhla, Thailand and then piped to Malaysia where it feeds into the Peninsula Gas Utilisation system. An additional 5 wells were drilled on Cakerawala C, while 11 wells were drilled on Bumi A and seven wells on Suriya A. Drilling is still in progress in Bulan A. The additional gas is to be consumed by Thailand.
Construction for the production complex in Block B-17 is in progress and production is expected to begin in October 2009. An initial contract production level of has been signed. The gas is to be consumed by Thailand.
Administering the area.
The joint authority.
The joint development area is administered by the Malaysia-Thailand Joint Authority on behalf of the two governments. The authority is recognised as a statutory body in both countries and is given full rights to exploit and develop non-living natural resources in the joint development area. The authority was created in 1991 and has its headquarters in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
The board.
The authority is governed by a board with members consisting of equal representatives of Malaysian and Thai nationals (seven from each side) as appointed by the respective Governments. Under the supervision of authority's board, the MTJA management consists of staff covering technical, legal and financial aspects of the petroleum business.
The MTJA board:
Co-chairmen: Abu Talib Othman (Malaysia), Sivavong Changkasiri (Thailand)
Members: Mohd Hassan Marican (President/Chief Executive Officer
Petronas, Malaysia), Pornchai Rujiprapa (Permanent-Secretary, Ministry of Energy, Thailand), Dr Sulaiman Mahbob (Director-General, Economic Planning Unit, Prime Minister's Department, Malaysia), Admiral Werapon Waranon (Commander-in-Chief, Royal Thai Navy, Thailand), Dr Halim Man (Secretary-General, Ministry of Energy, Water and Telecommunications, Malaysia), Porntip Jala (Secretary-General, Office of The Council of State, Thailand), Othman Hashim (Deputy Secretary-General I, Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Malaysia), Krairit Nikuha (Director-General, Department of Mineral Fuels, Ministry of Energy, Thailand), Aziyah Baharuddin (Secretary, Tax Analysis Division, Ministry of Finance, Malaysia), Piyabhan Nimmanhaemin (Director-General, Comptroller-General's Department, Ministry of Finance, Thailand), Idrus Harun (Head, Advisory and International Law Division, Attorney-General's Chambers, Malaysia), and Virachai Plasai (Director-General, Department of Treaties and Legal Affairs, Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Thailand).

</doc>
<doc id="19495987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495987" title="Ahmad Madani">
Ahmad Madani

Ahmad Madani (11 February 1928 – 12 February 2006) was an Iranian politician, Commander of Iranian Navy (1979), governor of the Khuzestan province (1979–80) and candidate in the first Iranian presidential election.
Career and death.
Madani joined the Iranian Navy in 1950 and was sent for training to the United Kingdom. While being the commander of Bandar Abbas naval base in 1972, he was dismissed from the navy due to his anti-Shah political views. Subsequently, he earned his PhD in law and taught political science and economy at Kerman and Qazvin universities in Iran until the Islamic Revolution. In the last period of the Shah Madani was the commander of Iranian navy, but he was removed from post due to his criticisms of corruption in the navy.
After the revolution, he served as the first defense minister of the Islamic Republic of Iran. Then he was appointed governor of Khuzestan. During this period he ended the separatist plots and crises in Khuzestan. He became a candidate in the first Iranian presidential election (25 January 1980) but lost to Abolhassan Banisadr. He left Iran in 1980 and became the leader of the National Front of Iran and lived in the USA until he died in Colorado on 12 February 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19495993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495993" title="Sean Fraser (swimmer)">
Sean Fraser (swimmer)

Sean Fraser born (28 November 1989) in Edinburgh, Scotland is a Scottish swimmer, who went to school at Lasswade High School. 
He won a bronze medal for Great Britain in the S8 100m backstroke at the Beijing Paralympics 2008 and in 2009 won a gold medal in the British Championships for the MC 100 m backstroke. He won bronze medals for the S8 50 m Freestyle, 400 m Freestyle and 100 m Backstroke events at the 2009 International Paralympic Committee (IPC) European Swimming Championships in Reykjavik, Iceland. At the 2010 Commonwealth Games in Dehli, India he bagged a silver medal in Men's 100 m freestyle S8 with a British record time of 1:00.77. He won a bronze medal for the 34pt 4x100 m freestyle relay at the 2011 IPC European Swimming Championships in Berlin, Germany. and a gold at the British Championships in 2012 for the MC 100 m freestyle.
Sean swam for Warrender Baths Club in Edinburgh and Manchester HPC.

</doc>
<doc id="19495996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495996" title="Det store løb">
Det store løb

Det store løb is a 1952 Danish family film directed by Alice O'Fredericks. 

</doc>
<doc id="19495999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495999" title="The Katie Melua Collection">
The Katie Melua Collection

The Katie Melua Collection is a compilation album by Georgian-born British singer/songwriter Katie Melua. The album is a two disc set with 17 songs, 3 of which are previously unreleased, and a DVD filmed in Rotterdam.
The songs on the album include the main singles from Melua's three previous albums, "When You Taught Me How to Dance" from the film "Miss Potter", "What a Wonderful World" performed with a recording of the late Eva Cassidy and three new songs recorded for the album - "Toy Collection" (written by Melua for the MySpace film "Faintheart"), "Two Bare Feet" and "Somewhere in the Same Hotel".
Track listing.
Extra download tracks.
Three extra tracks have been released as downloads only, by different vendors:

</doc>
<doc id="19496002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496002" title="AQR">
AQR

AQR may refer to :
Aqr may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="19496009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496009" title="NUP37">
NUP37

Nucleoporin 37kDa, also known as NUP37, is a human gene.
Function.
Transport of macromolecules between the cytoplasm and nucleus occurs through nuclear pore complexes (NPCs) embedded in the nuclear envelope. NPCs are composed of subcomplexes, and NUP37 is part of one such subcomplex, Nup107-160.

</doc>
<doc id="19496019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496019" title="Computer shogi">
Computer shogi

Computer shogi is a field of artificial intelligence concerned with the creation of computer programs which can play shogi. The research and development of shogi software has been carried out mainly by freelance programmers, university research groups and private companies.
Game complexity.
Shogi has the distinctive feature of reusing captured pieces. Therefore shogi has a higher branching factor than other chess variants. The computer has more positions to examine because each piece in hand can be dropped on many squares. This gives shogi the highest number of legal positions and the highest number of possible games of all the popular chess variants. The higher numbers for shogi mean it is harder to reach the highest levels of play. The number of legal positions and the number of possible games are 2 measures of shogi’s Game complexity.
Computers versus humans.
In the 1980s, due to the immaturity of the technology in such fields as programming, CPUs and memory, computer shogi programs took a long time to think, and often made moves for which there was no apparent justification. These programs had the level of an amateur of kyu rank.
In the first decade of the 21st century, computer shogi has taken large steps forward in software and hardware technology. In 2007 top shogi player Yoshiharu Habu estimated the strength of the 2006 world computer shogi champion Bonanza. He contributed to the newspaper Nihon Keizai Shimbun evening edition on March 26, 2007 about the match between Bonanza and then Ryūō Champion Akira Watanabe. Habu rated Bonanza’s game at the level of 2 dan shoreikai.
In particular, computers are most suited to brute-force calculation, and far outperform humans at the task of finding ways of checkmating from a given position, which involves many fewer possibilities. In games with time limits of 10 seconds from the first move, computers are becoming a tough challenge for even professional shogi players. The past steady progress of computer shogi is a guide for the future. In 1996 Habu predicted a computer would beat him in 2015. Akira Watanabe gave an interview to the newspaper Asahi Shimbun in 2012. He estimated the computer played at the 4 dan professional level. Watanabe also said the computer sometimes found moves for him.
On 23 October 2005, at the 3rd International Shogi Forum, the Japan Shogi Association permitted Toshiyuki Moriuchi, 2005 Meijin, to play computer shogi program YSS. Toshiyuki Moriuchi won the game playing 30 seconds per move with a Bishop handicap. In 2012, a retired professional lost a match with computer publicly first, and in 2013, active shogi professionals too.
Bonanza vs Watanabe (2007).
The Japan Shogi Association (JSA) gave reigning Ryuo Champion Watanabe permission to compete against the reigning World Computer Shogi Champion Bonanza on 21 March 2007. Daiwa Securities sponsored the match. Hoki Kunihito wrote Bonanza. The computer was an Intel Xeon 2.66 GHz 8 core with 8 gigabytes of memory and 160-gigabyte hard drive. The game was played with 2 hours each and 1 minute byo-yomi per move after that. Those conditions favor Watanabe because longer time limits mean there are fewer mistakes from time pressure. Longer playing time also means human players can make long-term plans beyond the computer’s calculating horizon. The 2 players were not at the same playing level. Watanabe was 2006 Ryuo Champion and Bonanza was at the level of 2 dan shoreikai. Bonanza was a little stronger than before due to program improvements and a faster computer. Watanabe prepared for a weaker Bonanza as Watanabe studied old Bonanza game records.
Bonanza moved first and played fourth file rook anaguma as Watanabe expected. Watanabe thought some of Bonanza’s moves were inferior. However, Watanabe deeply analyzed these moves thinking that maybe the computer saw something that Watanabe did not 
see. Watanabe commented after the game that he could have lost if Bonanza had played defensive moves before entering the endgame. But the computer choose to attack immediately instead of taking its time (and using its impressive endgame strategies) which cost it the match. Bonanza resigned after move 112. Hidetchi reviews this game.
After Bonanza’s loss Watanabe commented on computers in his blog, “I thought they still had quite a way to go, but now we have to recognize that they’ve reached the point where they are getting to be a match for professionals.” Ryuo champion Akira Watanabe clarifies his position on computers playing shogi. Yomiuri Shimbun newspaper quoted Akira Watanabe on June 27, 2008. Watanabe said "I think I'll be able to defeat shogi software for the next 10 years". Another indication Bonanza was far below the level of professional Watanabe came 2 months after the match at the May 2007 World Computer Shogi Championship. Bonanza lost to the 2007 World Computer Shogi Champion YSS. Then YSS lost to amateur Kato Yukio in a 15-minute game.
Annual CSA tournament exhibition games (2003–2009).
The winners of CSA tournaments played exhibition games with strong players. These exhibition games started in 2003.
In each succeeding year, the human competition was stronger to match the stronger programs. Kato Yukio was the Asahi Amateur Meijin champion. Shimizugami Toru was the Amateur Meijin champion. Eiki Ito, the creator of Bonkras, said in 2011, at present, top Shogi programs like Bonkras are currently at a level of lower- to middle-class professional players.
Akara vs Shimizu (2010).
The Computer program Akara defeated the women’s Osho champion Shimizu Ichiyo. Akara contained 4 computer engines, Gekisashi, GPS Shogi, Bonanza and YSS. Akara ran on a network of 169 computers. The 4 engines voted on the best moves. Akara selects the move with the most votes. If there is a tie vote then Akara selects Gekisashi’s move. Researchers at the University of Tokyo and the University of Electro-Communications developed Akara.
Shimizu moved first and resigned in 86 moves after 6 hours and 3 minutes. Shimizu said she was trying to play her best as if she was facing a human player. She played at the University of Tokyo on 11 October 2010. The allotted thinking time per player is 3 hours and 60 seconds byoyomi. 750 fans attended the event. This is the third time since 2005 that the Japan Shogi Association granted permission to a professional to play a computer, and the first victory against a female professional. Hidetchi reviews this game.
Akara aggressively pursued Shimizu from the start of the game. Akara played with a ranging rook strategy and offered an exchange of bishops. Shimizu made a questionable move partway though the game, and Akara went on to win. Ryuo champion, Akira Watanabe, criticized Shimizu’s game. On 19 November 2010, the Daily Yomiuri quoted Watanabe. Watanabe said, "Ms. Shimizu had plenty of chances to win".
Computers Bonanza and Akara beat Amateurs Kosaku and Shinoda (2011).
On July 24, 2011, there was a two game amateur versus computer match. Two computer Shogi programs beat a team of two amateurs. One amateur, Mr. Kosaku, was a Shoreikai three Dan player. The other amateur, Mr. Shinoda, was the 1999 Amateur Ryuo. The allotted time for the amateurs was main time 1 hour and then 3 minutes per move. The allotted time for the computer was main time 25 minutes and then 10 seconds per move.
Bonkras versus Yonenaga (2011–2012).
On 21 December 2011, computer program Bonkras crushed retired 68 year old Kunio Yonenaga, the 1993 Meijin. They played 85 moves in 1 hour, 3 minutes 39 seconds on Shogi Club 24. Main time was 15 minutes then additional 60 seconds per move. Yonenaga was gote (white) and played 2. K-62. This move was to confuse the computer by playing a move not in Bonkras's joseki (opening book). On 14 January 2012, Bonkras again defeated Yonenaga. This match is the first Denou-sen match. The game had 113 moves. Time allowed was 3 hours and then 1 minute per move. Bonkras moved first and used a ranging rook opening. Yonenaga made the same second move, K-6b, as in the previous game he lost. Bonkras ran on a Fujitsu Primergy BX400 with 6 blade servers to search 18,000,000 moves per second. Yonenaga used 2 hours 33 minutes. Bonkras used 1 hour 55 minutes. Bonkras evaluated its game with Yonenaga in January 2012.
Denou-sen (2013).
Denou-sen is a human versus machine battle. This match is the second Denou-sen match. Niconico is sponsoring 5 games. 5 professional shogi players play 5 computers. The winners of the previous World Computer Shogi Championship play the professional shogi players. Each player starts with 4 hours. After the player finishes 4 hours, the player must complete each move in 60 seconds. Niconico is broadcasting the games live with commentary.
Miura Hiroyuki vs GPS Shogi.
Hiroyuki Miura said before his game he would play with "all his heart and soul". Miura decided to use trusted tactics instead of anti-computer strategy. The computer played book moves and they castled symmetrically to defend their kings. The computer attacked quickly and Miura counterattacked with a drop move. More than 8 hours later Miura resigned. After the game, Miura said that "he should not have prepared for the game the way he did. He should have prepared for the game with a genuine sense of urgency, if only he knew, the computer was so strong." Miura expressed disappointment and said he has yet to figure out where he went wrong. The evaluation of the game by GPS is on the GPS Shogi web site,
Funae Tsutsukana Revenge Match.
On December 31, 2013, Funae and Tsutsukana played a second game. Tsutsukana was the same version that beat Funae on April 6, 2013. The computer was one Intel processor with 6 cores. Funae won.
Denou-sen 3 (2014).
On August 21, 2013, the Japan Shogi Association announced, five professional shogi players will play five computers from March 15 to April 12 in 2014. On October 7, 2013, the Japan Shogi Association picked the five players. 
The professional shogi players will play the winners of a preliminary computer tournament. The preliminary computer tournament was November 2–4, 2013. 
Computer Restrictions.
Each player starts with 5 hours at 10 AM. After the player finishes 5 hours, the player must complete each move in 1 minute. There is 1 hour lunch break at 12:00 and half hour dinner break at 5 PM. Niconico is broadcasting the games live with commentary.
Programmer tools.
Shogidokoro.
Shogidokoro is a graphical user interface (GUI) that calls a program to play shogi and displays the moves on a board. Shogidokoro was created in 2007. Shogidokoro uses the Universal Shogi Interface (USI). The USI is an open communication protocol that Shogi programs use to communicate with a user interface. USI was designed by Norwegian computer chess programmer Tord Romstad in 2007. Tord Romstad based USI on Universal Chess Interface (UCI). UCI was designed by computer chess programmer Stefan Meyer-Kahlen in 2000. Shogidokoro can automatically run a tournament between 2 programs. This helps programmers to write shogi programs faster because they can skip writing the user interface part. It is also useful for testing changes to a program. Shogidokoro can be used to play Shogi by adding a Shogi engine to shogidokoro. Some engines that will run under shogidokoro are Blunder, GPS Shogi, Laramie, Lightning, ponanza, Spear, Ssp and TJshogi. Bonanza can also run with an adapter (u2b).
WinBoard/XBoard and BCMShogi.
WinBoard/XBoard and BCMShogi are other GUIs that support Shogi. This support was added to WinBoard in 2007 by H.G. Muller. WinBoard uses its own protocol (Chess Engine Communication Protocol) to communicate with engines, but can connect to USI engines through the UCI2WB adapter. Engines that can natively support WinBoard protocol are Shokidoki, TJshogi, GNU Shogi and Bonanza. Unlike Shogidokoro, WinBoard is open source, and also available under Linux as XBoard. BCMShogi is a graphical user interface for the USI protocol and the WinBoard shogi protocol.
Floodgate.
Floodgate is a computer shogi server for computers to compete and receive ratings. Programs running under Shogidokoro can connect to Floodgate. The GPS team created Floodgate. Floodgate started operating continuously in 2008. The most active players have played 4,000 games. From 2008 to 2010, 167 players played 28,000 games on Floodgate. Humans are welcome to play on Floodgate. The time limit is 15 minutes per player, sudden death.
World Computer Shogi Championship.
The annual computer vs computer world shogi championship is organized by the Computer Shogi Association (CSA) of Japan. The computers play automated games through a server. Each program has 25 minutes to complete a game. The first championship was in 1990 with 6 programs. In 2001, it grew to 55 programs. The championship is broadcast on the Internet. At the 19th annual CSA tournament, 4 programs (GPS Shogi, Otsuki Shogi, Monju and KCC Shogi) that had never won a CSA tournament defeated 3 of the previous year’s strongest programs (Bonanza, Gekisashi and YSS). The top three winners of the 2010 CSA tournament are Gekisashi, Shueso and GPS Shogi.
In 2011, Bonkras won the CSA tournament with 5 wins out of 7 games. Bonkras ran on a computer with 3 processors containing 16 cores and 6 gigabytes of memory. Bonanza won second place on a computer with 17 processors containing 132 cores and 300 gigabytes of memory. Shueso won third place. The 2010 CSA winner, Gekisashi, won fourth place. Ponanza won fifth place. GPS Shogi won 6th place on a computer with 263 processors containing 832 cores and 1486 gigabytes of memory. In 2012, GPS Shogi searched 280,000,000 moves per second and the average search depth was 22.2 moves ahead. Hiroshi Yamashita, the author of YSS, maintains a list of all shogi programs that played in World Computer Shogi Championship by year and wining rank. 
Computer shogi programs.
Components of computer shogi programs:
Computer shogi programs that have played at the annual World Computer Shogi Championships:
Computer Shogi programs that play in video game systems:
GNU Shogi is a free software program by the Free Software Foundation that plays Shogi.
Restrictions.
On 18 September 2005 a Japan Shogi Association professional 5 dan played shogi against a computer. The game was played at the 29th Hokkoku Osho-Cup Shogi Tournament in Komatsu, Japan. The Matsue National College of technology developed the computer program Tacos. Tacos played first and chose the static rook line in the opening. Professional Hashimoto followed the opening line while changing his bishop with the bishop of Tacos. Tacos had a good development with some advantages in the opening and middle game even until move 80. Many amateur players expected Tacos to win. However, professional Hashimoto defended and Tacos played strange moves. Tacos lost.
On 14 October 2005, the Japan Shogi Association banned professional shogi players from competing against a computer. The Japan Shogi Association said the rule is to preserve the dignity of its professionals, and to make the most of computer shogi as a potential business opportunity. The ban prevents the rating of computers relative to professional players. From 2008 to 2012, the Japan Shogi Association has not permitted any games between a male professional and a computer.

</doc>
<doc id="19496022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496022" title="Ukraine at the 2004 Summer Paralympics">
Ukraine at the 2004 Summer Paralympics

Ukraine sent a delegation of 90 athletes to the 2004 Summer Paralympics, covering 15 sports.

</doc>
<doc id="19496023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496023" title="TV Boliviana">
TV Boliviana

Televisión Boliviana (TV Bolivia) is the first television channel of the Republic of Bolivia and serves the only means of television communication from the government. The channel was established in August 1969 under the government of Luis Adolfo Siles after years of planning by the government of then-recently deceased René Barrientos. 
Criticism.
The channel was established with the aim of serving as an independent, public service channel, but has served throughout its history as a propaganda tool for all the running governments according to studies on its programming.
TV Boliviana was the only nation-wide TV channel until Paceña de Televisión was established on October 24, 1984.
Trivia.
"Showcase" was a musical TV programme aired on Bolivia TV in 2010 with presenter Anthony Sandoval, later to become the established musician SEN.

</doc>
<doc id="19496027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496027" title="Laura M. Brotherson">
Laura M. Brotherson

Laura Mason Brotherson is the author of the best-selling book about sexual intimacy and marital oneness titled "And They Were Not Ashamed: Strengthening Marriage through Sexual Fulfillment" (ISBN 1-58783-034-5, 373 pages, published May 2004). She is a marriage and intimacy educator who speaks and writes on subjects related to marriage, sex and intimacy. As an intimacy expert and relationship consultant, Brotherson is the host of "The Marital Intimacy Show" (a weekly online program) on The Women's Information Network (The WIN). 
Biography.
Laura Brotherson was raised in Cardston, Alberta; Rigby, Idaho; and Tacoma, Washington. Brotherson received her bachelor's degree in Family Sciences from Brigham Young University, and is completing her master's in Marriage and Family Therapy (MFT) at Capella University.
She and her husband Kevin Brotherson were married in 1991 in the Seattle Washington Temple. In The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church), she has served as a Relief Society president, Young Women's president, and in various teaching-related callings. Although born in Canada, she is now an American citizen.
She has contributed articles to such publications as "Meridian Magazine," MormonTimes.com and "Hitched" magazine. She also runs a website, StrengtheningMarriage.com.

</doc>
<doc id="19496039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496039" title="Hunziker">
Hunziker

Hunziker is a surname from Switzerland. The name most likely originates from the name of a small village in Canton Lucerne. Within Switzerland, the family expanded with a large presence in the Kulm, Zofingen, and Aarau districts of Canton Aargau and smaller concentrations in Cantons Berne, Lucerne, and Zürich. Significant emigration to the United States and Canada has occurred over several centuries. In the U.S., the name has commonly been anglicized to Hunsaker, Hunsicker, Hunsinger, Huntsinger, Hunsucker and many other variants.
Switzerland.
Origin of the name.
While several explanations exist for the origin of the surname Hunziker, the following appears to be that stated by most, if not all, Swiss historians. In the 13th and 14th centuries, surnames often indicated a person's hometown. Hunzikers originated in the 13th century from a very small village called Hunzingen (today called Hunziken, just east of Geuensee, Canton Lucerne). In the 14th century, the family was also found in large numbers in the Wetzwil neighborhood of Schlierbach, Canton Lucerne and then spread throughout the Suhrental (Suhre River valley). In the 15th and 16th century, Swiss surnames were derived by appending the syllable –er (this largely replaced the practice of using the "von" prefix).
Several Hunzikers living in Aargau have expressed a belief that the surname descends from the traditional occupation of dog breeder (Hundezüchter) and have indicated that Hunzikers have been involved with the development of several dog breeds. This belief is supported in part by the rampant hound regularly found in Hunziker coats of arms. Another possible origin raised by some genealogists is a reference to a valley in which a Hun army camped. A valley or part thereof might be referred to as a corner or "ecke" in German and hence the Hun's valley would be "Hunsecke". However, these explanations appear to be speculative.
Early history.
During the 15th and 16th centuries, most Hunzikers belonged to Reformed Protestant denominations and lived largely in and near Unteraargau. From 1415 to 1798, this part of Aargau belonged to the old state of Berne, from 1798 to 1803 to the mini-canton of Aargau and in 1803 was merged and made part of the modern Canton Aargau.
By the early 16th Century, records demonstrate that a master named Hans Hunziker lived in Aarau. His sons, Niklaus and Hans, became significantly involved with the urban upper class. Niklaus was a member of the Court in 1547 and City Council in 1566. His son was an Aarau Schultheiß and his brothers also held offices. In the 17th Century, family members were influential Schultheiß, councilors and pastors. In the 18th century, Hunzikers became heavily involved in the Aargau textile industry. About 1780, Johann Jakob Hunziker founded a textile firm in Aarau. The factory erected in 1821 still stands. Johann Jakob's grandson, Guido Ulrich Hunziker ran the firm until 1873.
Before 1800, persons with the surname Hunziker lived primarily in: Canton Aargau (Aarau, Bottenwil, Gontenschwil, Hendschiken, Kirchleerau, Leimbach, Moosleerau, Muhen, Oberkulm, Oftringen, Reitnau, Staffelbach, Unterbözberg, and Unterkulm); Canton Berne (Schwarzhäusern, Wynau); and, Canton Basel-Landschaft (Arisdorf).
Hunziker diaspora.
Hunzikers in their traditional homeland of Unteraargau were particularly impacted by civil strife, natural disaster and cultural upheaval. Battles of the Kappelerkriegs (1528–1531) and Villmergerkriegs (1656, 1712) occurred largely in and near modern Aargau and reinforced significant religious conflicts in the region. Famine and plague were common during the 18th century. Also during this period, Argovite cottage industries (cotton and silk weaving, cigar production) were devastated by industrialization in England and elsewhere. As discussed below, Berne engaged in a ruthless repression of Anabaptists during the 16th, 17th and 18th centuries. From 1798 to 1805, modern Aargau was created from four distinct areas (Baden, Freie Ämter, Fricktal, and Unteraargau). Different regions had been forcefully converted to Protestantism or Catholicism with even further re-conversions, while others were allowed religious freedom. Government in the different regions also differed significantly. Fricktal had been outside of Swiss control altogether, having been controlled by the Habsburgs. As a result, the new union was not stable. Conflicts driven by rural-urban conflict resulted in the Freiämtersturm revolt of 1830, which was resolved in large part by Aargau canton president, Johann Georg Hunziker. A change from a 50% split of cantonal representation for Reformed and Catholic resulted in bloody conflict in 1841. In 1845, potato rot spread. The 1847 Swiss civil war resulted in further Argovite casualties. These cultural and economic pressures drove many Argovites, including Hunzikers, from Switzerland.
Anabaptists.
In the 16th century, many Hunzikers (especially from the Emmental) became involved with pacifist Anabaptist movements, especially the Swiss Brethren. The Anabaptist movements typically propounded believer's baptism, voluntary church membership and other positions that contradicted those of the Catholic church, Martin Luther and Ulrich Zwingli. Anabaptists' properties were confiscated. Berne in particular attempted to eradicate all Anabaptists from the canton, sentencing them to galley slavery, flogging, branding and expelling Anabaptist ministers, and, in 1699, established an Anabaptist Bureau specifically to persecute the Anabaptists. Many Anabaptists were imprisoned and tortured at Trachselwald Castle, Thun Castle, and other Swiss sites. Anabaptists were held in cells known as death-boxes. Executions of Swiss Anabaptists were not uncommon during the 16th and 17th centuries. In the late 16th through early 18th centuries, many Anabaptists were expelled from or otherwise left Switzerland for the Palatinate, Alsace, Moravia, Hesse, France, Luxembourg, Lorraine, Bavaria, Galicia, Volhynia, Tyrol, Austria and the Netherlands. Hunzikers in particular emigrated to the Palatinate, Bavaria, and Alsace. Ongoing persecution in those locations led to further emigration to Poland, Russia and the U.S. William Penn invited some to settle in Pennsylvania and, starting in 1683, numerous Anabaptist Swiss settled in Pennsylvania. After continued persecution in the 17th century, some Swiss Anabaptists joined the Swiss state church. In 1693, Anabaptists who remained in communion with those in the state church became known as Mennonite and those who rejected communion with those in the state church were known as Amish. Hunzikers were found in both camps. One of the earliest Hunzikers to reach the United States was Valentine Hunsicker (1700–1777). Valentine was born in Switzerland (apparently in a Reformed household), moved to the Palatine, arrived in Philadelphia in 1717, and became a prominent U.S. Mennonite. In the early-to-mid-18th century, a number of Mennonite Hunzikers were released from the dungeons only upon intercession from the Netherlands and their promise to emigrate to the United States.
North America.
American Hunzikers have played a critical role in the U.S. Mennonite church. The name is typically anglicized, such as Hunsaker, Huntzinger, or Unsicker. Some genealogists have speculated that the surname Honeysuckle, found among Cherokee and Seminole tribe members, may be a variant created by marriage of Swiss immigrants with native Americans and transformation of the surname to match an item found in nature.
According to the Ancestry.com name distribution tool, the following number of families were listed in the 1920 U.S. census:

</doc>
<doc id="19496080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496080" title="Grethe Thordahl">
Grethe Thordahl

Grethe Thordahl (11 November 1926 – 29 June 2004) was a Danish stage and film actress.
She had taken part in the DMGP of 1964 on 15 February at the Tivoli Concert Hall with the song "Polka i Grand Prix" which she sang with Fredrik but was not placed in the top 3

</doc>
<doc id="19496117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496117" title="Fløjtespilleren">
Fløjtespilleren

Fløjtespilleren is a 1953 Danish family film directed by Alice O'Fredericks. 

</doc>
<doc id="19496134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496134" title="Lily Broberg">
Lily Broberg


</doc>
<doc id="19496177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496177" title="Grethe Holmer">
Grethe Holmer

Grethe Holmer (12 January 1924 – 13 October 2004) was a Danish actress. She performed in the theatre in her native Aarhus Teater and numerous other theatres in Denmark later, and in film and in her later years on television.

</doc>
<doc id="19496194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496194" title="Father of Four in the Snow">
Father of Four in the Snow

Father of Four in the Snow () is a 1954 Danish family film directed by Alice O'Fredericks. It was produced under the ASA Film banner.

</doc>
<doc id="19496195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496195" title="Red as Blood, or Tales from the Sisters Grimmer">
Red as Blood, or Tales from the Sisters Grimmer

Red as Blood, or Tales from the Sisters Grimmer is a short story collection of dark fantasy retellings of popular fairytales by British author Tanith Lee. Contrary to what the title may suggest, it not only includes retellings of fairytales by the Brothers Grimm, but also by Charles Perrault, Gabrielle-Suzanne Barbot de Villeneuve or Alexander Afanasyev. The title story was nominated for a Nebula Award and a World Fantasy Award. 
Contents.
"Red as Blood, or Tales from the Sisters Grimmer" contains the following tales:

</doc>
<doc id="19496240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496240" title="Tennessee Pusher">
Tennessee Pusher

Tennessee Pusher is an album by folk/country/old time band Old Crow Medicine Show. Released on September 23, 2008, the album was produced by Don Was. The album reached #1 on the Billboard Top Bluegrass Albums Chart.
Personnel.
Old Crow Medicine Show
Additional Musicians

</doc>
<doc id="19496243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496243" title="Misty Massey">
Misty Massey

Misty Massey is an American fantasy author. Her first novel, "Mad Kestrel" (ISBN 9780765318022), was published in 2008 by Tor Books. It was given a three-star rating by "Romantic Times". Massey has also published short stories in magazines.
Massey is one of the founding members of the blog, MagicalWords.net. Magical Words is dedicated to helping newer writers with all aspects of the craft and business of writing, and a book based on the blog, "How To Write Magical Words: A Writer's Companion" was published by Bella Rosa Books in 2011.
Massey lives in South Carolina with her husband and son. She works as a middle school librarian. Hobbies include belly dancing and playing a pirate at Renaissance fairs.

</doc>
<doc id="19496254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496254" title="GOG.com">
GOG.com

GOG.com (formerly Good Old Games) is a computer game sale and distribution service operated by GOG Ltd, a wholly owned subsidiary of CD Projekt RED based in Warsaw, Poland. GOG delivers "classic" video games through its DRM-free digital platform for Windows and Mac OS X. In March, 2012, it began selling more recent titles such as "The Witcher 2", "Alan Wake", "Assassin's Creed", among many others.
Features.
The games can be purchased and downloaded online, and they are distributed without digital rights management. The prices of products typically range from about $5 to $10 for older games, along with special offers in sales held several times a week. Some newer titles have a higher price.
The user does not have to install special client software to download or run the games, although an optional download manager is available. After downloading, the customer retains full ownership to the products: they can be archived on any personal storage media for unlimited time. They are independent of the customer's GOG.com account.
In order to ensure compatibility with newer versions of Microsoft Windows, some games are pre-patched or bundled with Open Source emulation and compatibility software, such as ScummVM and DOSBox. Additional compatibility fixes are included if required, sometimes coming from the game community itself (community-made patch). Examples of games which have such additional fixes are Outcast or Dungeon Keeper 2.
Along with purchasing the games, customers are also able to download numerous extra materials relating to the game they purchased. Often these extras include the game's soundtrack, wallpapers, avatars, and manuals. GOG also offers full customer support for all purchases.
Promotions are organized regularly. The style of these promotions varies from a discount for products that are bought in bundles, to thematic competitions like riddles, “guess a game from a picture” contests or “best time on a specific level”. Also, GOG gives away promotion codes for a game with review contests.
History.
On March 26, 2009, GOG announced it had signed a deal with Ubisoft to publish games from their back catalogue; this was the first deal with a major publisher to offer DRM-free downloads. The deal to publish through GOG also included games that were not available through any other online distribution channel.
Marketing Stunt.
During a period of days from September 19 to 22, 2010, the GOG website was disabled leaving behind messages on the web site and their Twitter accounts that the site had been closed. A spokesperson for Good Old Games reiterated that the site is not being shut down, and confirmed news would be forthcoming about changes to the service. A clarification posted on the site on September 20, 2010, said they had to shut down the site temporarily "due to business and technical reasons", with industry journalists believing the shutdown may be related to the nature of DRM-free strategy, based on Twitter messages from the company.
On September 22, 2010, GOG revealed that this shutdown was a marketing hoax as part of the site coming out of beta. The site's management, aware of the reactions to the fake closure, stated: 
Relaunch.
The site returned on September 23, 2010, with an improved storefront and additional benefits, as outlined during a webcast presentation. During the presentation, GOG's co-founder Marcin Iwinski and managing director Guillaume Rambourg had dressed as monks to atone for their sins. The relaunch of the site was considered by Rambourg to have been successful, having brought new customers that were previously unaware of GOG.
As promised after its relaunch, GOG was able to offer several Black Isle Studios games such as "Baldur's Gate", "" and "Icewind Dale" which have previously been unreleased through any download service due to legal issues between the ownership of "Dungeons & Dragons"-related games between Atari, Hasbro, and other companies.
Rebrand to GOG.com.
On March 27, 2012, GOG announced that it was branching out to feature "AAA" and independent titles in addition to older games. The site was rebranded to GOG.com.
Expansion to Mac games.
In October 2012, GOG.com was announced to be bringing DRM-free games to the Mac. This included the previously Steam exclusive (Mac version) "The Witcher" and "The Witcher 2", both made by CD Projekt RED.
Plans for Linux support.
GOG.com is actively gathering user feedback in their community wishlist, and one of the most demanded features which is not yet marked as "in progress" is support for native Linux games, which gathered already more than 14,000 votes. GOG representatives commented on this request saying that there are technical and operational issues which make it harder than it seems, however it's something they would love to do, and they have been looking at.
Money-back guarantee.
On December 9, 2013, GOG.com introduced a money-back guarantee for the first 30 days if a customer faces unresolvable technical problems with a bought game.
Market share.
On February 20, 2013, "Defender's Quest" developer Lars Doucet revealed the first three months of revenue following his game's release across 6 different digital distribution platforms, including 4 major digital game distributors and 2 methods of purchasing and downloading the game directly from the developer. The results showed that GOG.com generated the second-most revenue of the 4 digital game distribution platforms used, trailing only Steam. Doucet noted that "for the major game distributors, GOG's star is clearly rising. Even under direct competition, GOG generated 14.5 percent as much revenue as Steam. [...] Steam enjoys a captive market of ardent loyalists, but GOG is swiftly becoming an attractive alternative and gaining loyalists of its own, especially in the anti-DRM crowd."
Available games.
, there are 681 games available on GOG. More games are made available on the service several times a week. GOG.com has signed deals with a number of publishers, including:

</doc>
<doc id="19496257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496257" title="Western Forest Robin">
Western Forest Robin

The Western Forest Robin (Stiphrornis erythrothorax erythrothorax) is a subspecies of the Forest Robin found at low levels in West African forests from Sierra Leone to Nigeria. It has been placed in the family Turdidae, but is now generally placed in Muscicapidae. It commonly includes the other members in the genus "Stiphrornis" as subspecies, in which case the common name for the "combined species" simply is Forest Robin. The Western Forest Robin can be separate from the other members of the genus by the combination of its deep orange throat and breast, white belly, and olive upperparts. It also appears to differ vocally from the other members in the genus, but a comprehensive study on this is lacking. When considered conspecific with the other members from its genus, "S. erythrothorax" is considered to be of least concern by IUCN. While not rated following the split into several species, it has been described as frequent to locally abundant, and is therefore unlikely to qualify for a threatened category.
Taxonomy.
The initial split into multiple species within this genus is based on a review from 1999 where it, based on the phylogenetic species concept, was argued that all then recognized taxa should be considered monotypic species. Of these, "S. gabonensis" and "S. xanthogaster" were formerly considered subspecies of "S. erythrothorax", whereas "S. saghensis" was described as an entirely new species. The split was not followed in Handbook of the Birds of the World, where described as ""perhaps premature"". Comparably, the BirdLife Taxonomic Working Group (and consequently IUCN) recommended not following the split, as differences in plumages are relatively small, genetic sampling considered incomplete, and evidence for intergradation or parapatry is lacking. Another species from this complex, "S. pyrrholaemus", was described as a new species in 2008. Based on mtDNA, it is placed within "S. erythrothorax sensu lato", and consequently is only a species (rather than a subspecies of "S. erythrothorax") if at least some of the taxonomy recommended in 1999 is followed. The genetic divergence between "S. pyrrholaemus" and other members of the genus is comparable to that between some other closely related species.

</doc>
<doc id="19496285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496285" title="Chemung Railway Depot-Horseheads">
Chemung Railway Depot-Horseheads

The Chemung Railway Depot-Horseheads is a historic railway depot located at Horseheads, Chemung County, New York. It was built in 1866 by the Northern Central Railway (NCRY). The train station was operated by the NCRY and its successor, the Pennsylvania Railroad, until 1956. The Italianate style building is significant architecturally and historically as a representative of a 19th-century railroad depot.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="19496288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496288" title="Swimming at the 1924 Summer Olympics – Men's 200 metre breaststroke">
Swimming at the 1924 Summer Olympics – Men's 200 metre breaststroke

The men's 200 metre breaststroke was a swimming event held as part of the swimming at the 1924 Summer Olympics programme. It was the fourth appearance of the event, which was established in 1908. The competition was held on Tuesday July 15, 1924, on Wednesday July 16, 1924, and on Thursday July 17, 1924.
Records.
These were the standing world and Olympic records (in minutes) prior to the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In the first heat Bob Skelton set a new Olympic record with 2:56.0 minutes.
Results.
Heats.
Tuesday July 15, 1924: The fastest two in each heat and the fastest third-placed from across the heats advanced.
Heat 1
Heat 2
Heat 3
Heat 4
Heat 5
Semifinals.
Wednesday July 16, 1924: The fastest two in each semi-final and the faster of the two third-placed swimmer advanced to the final.
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Final.
Thursday July 17, 1924:

</doc>
<doc id="19496295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496295" title="Arvingen">
Arvingen

Arvingen is a 1954 Danish family film directed by Jon Iversen and Alice O'Fredericks.

</doc>
<doc id="19496321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496321" title="Ole Neumann">
Ole Neumann


</doc>
<doc id="19496346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496346" title="Otto Møller Jensen">
Otto Møller Jensen


</doc>
<doc id="19496384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496384" title="Min datter Nelly">
Min datter Nelly

Min datter Nelly is a 1955 Danish family film directed by Alice O'Fredericks.

</doc>
<doc id="19496389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496389" title="Richard Harry Heslop">
Richard Harry Heslop

Major Richard Harry Heslop (23 January 1907 - 17 January 1973), DSO was a British agent for the Special Operations Executive during World War II.
He worked for the French section of the organisation, and under the codename Xavier, was the organiser of the Marksman circuit.

</doc>
<doc id="19496424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496424" title="Vince Vance &amp; The Valiants">
Vince Vance &amp; The Valiants

Vince Vance & The Valiants are a country pop and rock and roll musical group from New Orleans, Louisiana, United States. Andy Stone is the last original member of the Valiants. He was born Andrew John Franichevich Jr. The group is known primarily for the singles "All I Want for Christmas Is You", which charted on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs charts on six separate occasions, reaching its peak of number 31 in 2000, and "Bomb Iran."
On November 20, 2010, Vince Vance was surprised during his performance at a "Louisiana Legends" fundraiser at New Orleans Rock'n Bowl venue, with induction into the Louisiana Music Hall of Fame for his outstanding career, including the Christmas icon "All I Want for Christmas is You" and his most current "I Am New Orleans."

</doc>
<doc id="19496460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496460" title="Frederic Colier">
Frederic Colier

Frédéric Colier (Audresselles, 2 August 1963) is a French filmmaker, playwright, novelist and musician who has been based in New York since 1995.
Biography.
Born in Audresselles, France, Frederic Colier currently lives in New York City. Until 1990, he was the bass guitarist of the London-based pop rock band "Purple" which later charted success under the name of Dodgy. After an accident suspended his music career for several years, he segued into theater. It is during this time while working at Her Majesty's Theatre, in the West End of London, that he completed his first plays and novel. All his writings from this period were in French. 
He moved to Barcelona in 1992, where he taught music and continued writing. It was during his Barcelona sejourn that he began to write screenplays in English. The switch of language became more and more prominent, and in 1995 he decided to move to the States. While working at the New York based bilingual theatre group Ubu Repertory Theater, he completed a Masters in Film Studies at Montclair State University, NJ. After the closing of Ubu in 2002, he transitioned into films and graduated from the Digital Film Academy, NY. He continues to compose music mainly for his own films, under the group name of Hyper Global Intensity. He is a recipient of a 2007 Panasonic Digital Filmmaker Grants.
Career.
Colier has produced and edited multiple film projects. He wrote and directed the short films, "Of Wanderlust" (2003), "Desert Weeds" (2004), which screened nationally and internationally and won awards on the festival circuit (Clermont-Ferrand, France; Izmir, Turkey; WorldFest Houston, Fire Island, NY), "Bounce" (2005). He completed his feature debut with The Hindenburg Omen (2008). His film "M & N" will follow early next year.
He has also written a number of theatre and literary fiction. He has written, produced, and directed theatrical plays on both sides of the ocean, notably "Barbed-Wire Hearts" and "Heartbreak Tango". He has written two novels, "Barabane! Barabane!" and "Traîte d'Union", and the collection of short stories "Témoignages Crépusculaires". He has also authored the play collection, "Playground for Talking Heads," the novel, "The Rain Crow", as well as the short story collection, "A Memoir of Absence".

</doc>
<doc id="19496489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496489" title="The Kelly Family discography">
The Kelly Family discography

This is a comprehensive listing of official releases by The Kelly Family, a European pop music group of American heritage. Since the late 1970s, the family have released more than 22 studio albums, four compilation albums, two live albums, and forty singles on Universal Music, its subsidiary Polydor, their own record company Kel-Life Records, and a number of smaller labels.
Since the late 1990s, the lineup of the band has seen changes during different recording and touring phases, caused by family reasons, solo activities or other side projects. Altogether, The Kelly Family has sold an estimated 20 million records around the world, including 48 gold and platinum-certified albums.

</doc>
<doc id="19496521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496521" title="Brandyn Dombrowski">
Brandyn Dombrowski

Brandyn Dombrowski (born April 3, 1985 in Buffalo, New York) is a professional American football offensive tackle who is currently a free agent. He was signed by the Chargers as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at San Diego State.
NFL career.
San Diego Chargers.
Dombrowski spent his rookie season as a practice squad player. 2009 marked his first year as a starter, Dombrowski played in his first career game at right guard against the Oakland Raiders. He started week 2 against the Ravens for his first career start in place of the injured rookie Louis Vasquez. He has also practiced at both left and right tackle.
Dombrowski was named the starting Left Tackle for the 2010 season. On August 25, 2013, he was cut by the Chargers.
Early life.
Dombrowski graduated from Green Valley High School in Henderson, Nevada in 2003 where he also played football.

</doc>
<doc id="19496523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496523" title="English cricket team in South Africa in 1905–06">
English cricket team in South Africa in 1905–06

England faced South Africa during their tour of South Africa over winter of 1905 to 1906. England played five Test matches against the home team, and the Marylebone Cricket Club played seven first-class games against various teams of the South African domestic leagues, including Western Province and Natal. 
The touring teams found little success in South Africa. While the MCC won a number of their fixtures, they suffered a number of defeats, and the England team lost the Test series 4:1.
Warm up matches.
Western Province against the MCC.
Between 1 December 1905 and 12 December, The MCC played two first-class matches against Wester Province at Cape Town cricket ground. The MCC made 365, choosing to bat having won the toss. PF Warner (56) D Denton (78), FL Fane (60) and AE Relf (61*) all made half-centuries while Whitehead took the best figures of the home team's bowlers with 6/100. In response, the hosts were quickly removed for 96 with Schofield Haigh taking 5/29, the pick of the MCC's bowlers. Forced to follow on, Western Province were bowled out for 142, with a five wicket haul for Crawford.
After four days of rest, the MCC and Western Provinces came together once more at the same ground, and on this occasion the home team won the toss and chose to bat. They were unable to make a solid start, however, being bowled out for 81 with nine batsmen scoring only single figures, and with the innings extras (six) outscoring six of their batsmen. The MCC responded with 272 all out, with half centuries for Relf (60) and wicket keeper LJ Moon (57). Western Province then scored 233 with scores of 80 and 74 for SJ Snooke and SE Horwood, Crawford taking six wickets for the MCC. Despite this innings, the MCC required only 43 runs to win, and Warner together with fellow opener EG Wynyard made the runs without loss.
Transvaal.
On Boxing Day, the MCC played a 3-day match against the Transvaal at Johannesburg. Choosing to bat first, Transvaal were bowled out for 135 with Walter Lees taking five wickets. In response, the MCC manages to score a lead of 130 with their innings of 265 supported largely by a 132* from Denton. Transvaal scored 305 in response, with half-centuries for WA Shalders (66)and GA Faulkner (63). Despite this, 176 was the target set for the MCC to win the match. Three wickets for Faulkner, and a five-wicket haul for Schwarz meant that the MCC fell short by 60 runs at 115 all out, giving Transvall victory.
First Test.
England and South Africa faced each other for the first Test at Johannesburg on 2 January 1906. A four-day match, it was the first in a five-Test series, and Test match debut for six South African and four English players. The toss, like the match, was overseen by umpires J Phillips and FE Smith from Australia and England respectively, and was won by England, who chose to bat. 
The first innings began poorly, with England struggling to 15/3 before a 29 from Wynward, a 20 from EG Hayes on debut and a 44 from JN Crawford, also on debut, saw them to 147/8. Late blows by debutant Lees and C Blythe took them to 184 all out. The South African innings, however, began with similar setbacks, as they reached 44/7. The first six of the match from AEE Vogler, a South African Test debutant, helped see them to 91; however this was still 94 runs behind England's total.
Thus England began her second innings with a lead of 94, which was increased to 149 for the loss of two wickets thanks in part to a half-century from Warner (51). Only Crawford showed any resistance out of the rest of the batting lineup, however, with 42, and England were all out for 190 setting South Africa a target of 284 runs to win the match. While this was higher than any score reached thus far in the match, South Africa made the target with one wicket to spare thanks to a four hour knock of 81 by GC White in his second Test match innings, and a score of 93* from AW Nourse. South Africa, therefore, took the lead 1.0 in the five-match series.
First-class matches.
Army v MCC.
The South African Army faced the MCC for a three-day match on an army camp in Pretoria between the first and second Test matches on 12 January. Batting first, the MCC declared on 480 built from a 130 from Denton, and half-centuries from LJ Moon (8), Sir Henry Leveson-Gower (67*) and Crawford (54). In response, the Army were bowled out for 97, with P Mitford making 65 of their total. Following on, the Army reached 165 thanks to a 68 from FA Macfarlan, and a 32 from JA Davenport, however they were still 218 runs short, giving the MCC victory by an innings and 218 runs.
Natal v MCC.
The MCC then played a three-day match against Natal in Durban. Losing the toss, the MCC were forced to bowl as Natal reached 191, largely due to a century from Nourse (119). The MCC then stumbled 17 short of Natal's target when they were bowled out for 175, Denton top scoring with 53 and Nourse taking five wickets to go with his century. Natal then made 159 to take their lead to 176, with Blythe taking five wickets for the MCC. Chasing the target, the MCC lost early wickets to leave them 38/4, however an unbeaten 77 from Fane and some lower-order runs from Haigh took them to victory by four wickets, despite Nourse taking four more wickets to leave him with a tally of nine for the match to go with his 119 from the first innings.
Two days later, Natal met the MCC in Pietermaritzburg for a second three-day match. Winning the toss, the MCC inserted Natal and bowled them out for 177 on the first day, however they were only able to take a slender lead when they were in turn bowled out for 191 despite a 59 from Fane, with Hime taking five wickets. Natal were then limited to 173 by a seven-wicket-haul from Haigh, allowing the MCC to chase down their target of 100 runs with four wickets remaining.
Eastern Province v MCC.
The final match of the tour for the MCC saw them meet the Eastern Province cricket team at Port Elizabeth on 20 February. The hosts batted first, however the MCC bowled them out for 132 with Hartley taking 6/32. The MCC then reached 201 despite being at one time 30/3 with both Denton and Fane out for ducks, as Crawford (64) and Wynyard (54) made good preparation for the remaining Test matches with half-centuries. The hosts were then run though by Blythe (5/30) and (4/34) and left 92 all out, leaving the MCC with 24 runs to win, which they reached for no loss.
Second Test at Johannesburg.
South Africa led the series 1:0 by the time of the second Test at Johannesbury on 6 March. Officiated by the same umpires, England won the toss and chose to bat, handing a debut to LJ Moon. Three wickets each to Sinclair and Faulkner, however, held England at 148 all out and South Africa were batting by the end of the first day, and by the second day they were 277 all out thanks to a half-century from South African Sincliar (66) and 4/64 from England's Haigh. 
England began their second innings poorly, with the top three batsmen dismissed for single figures they reached 19/3, which soon became 25/4 when Moon was out for a duck. A 65 from Fane combined with a 30 and 37 from Wynyard and Relf respectively helped England limp to 160 all out, leaving South Africa a target of only 32 runs. While Lees removed South African opener WA Shalders for a duck, South Africa had no further difficulty taking a nine-wicket victory.
Third Test at Johannesburg.
The third Test at Johannesburg began on 10 March, and England handed a Test debut to JC Hartley as they lost the toss and were given the ball as South Africa chose to bat first. The hosts reaped the rewards of first use of the pitch, amassing 338 runs in the first day, and reaching 385 all out on the second day thanks to a century from CMH Hathorn (102) and a half-century from Nourse (61), despite the best efforts of Lees 6/78 and Blythe 2/72.
In reply, England managed 295 thanks largely to 143 from Fane, no other batsman passing 36, with the South Africa bowlers Snooke (4/57) and Schwarz (4/67) taking the majority of the wickets. Another century followed in South Africa's second innings from White (147) supported by a knock of 73 from opener and captain LJ Tancred and a 55 from Nourse combining to give them a second inning sscore of 349. Left with a large target of 440 to win, England staggered to 75/5 before Denton's 61 and Crawford's 34 helped England limp to 171/7. Sooke, who finished with figures of 8/70, removed the remaining batsmen to leave England all out for 196 and give South Africa a 243 run victory to take an unassailable 3:0 lead in the series.
Fourth Test at Cape Town.
England entered the fourth Test at Cape Town with no chance victory with the series 3:0 with two to play. Losing the toss, England were given the ball and a six-wicket haul for Blythe helped restrict South Africa to 218. England were not, however, able to take a lead with their innings of 198 falling 20 runs short, with Sinclair and Faulkner taking four wickets each. 
South Africa began their second innings with a 20 run lead, however Blythe and Crawford reduced them to 28/2, and despite a 73 from White South Africa were bowled out for 138 thanks to a five-wicket haul from Blythe, and four wickets for Lees. Seven South African batsmen were dismissed for single figure scores, and England needed only 159 runs to win. Despite losing both openers for four runs and reeling at 34/3, a partnership between Moon (28) and Fane (66*) helped England to victory by four wickets. This took the series to 3:1.
Fifth Test at Cape Town.
The fifth and final Test took place in Cape Town on 30 March. With the series at 3:1 to South Africa, England could not affect the result, however they began well by winning the toss and choosing to bat. A 4/45 from Sinclair, however, restricted England to 187 all out, with Crawford's 74 the only half-century. South Africa surpassed England with a score of 33 all out, thanks to Snooke (60) and a rapid 62 from 75 minutes from AEE Vogler, the last wicket partnership being worth 94.
England failed to make a large second innings score, being bowled out for 130, 16 runs short of South Africa's score. Moon and Relf, with scores of 33 and 21 respectively, were the only batsmen to pass 20, five were out for single figures and the extras outscored nine of Englands batsmen. Four wickets for Nourse, and three for Schwarz helped seal South Africa's victory by an innings and 16 runs, taking the Test series 4:1.

</doc>
<doc id="19496569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496569" title="Mount Tamalpais and Muir Woods Railway">
Mount Tamalpais and Muir Woods Railway

The Mount Tamalpais & Muir Woods Railway was a scenic tourist railway operating between Mill Valley and the east peak of Mount Tamalpais in Marin County, California, covering a distance of , with a spur line to the Muir Woods. The railroad incorporated in January 1896, closing only a little over three decades later, in the summer of 1930. Although originally planned as a standard gauge electric trolley line, the railroad was powered by a succession of geared steam locomotives. Billed as the "Crookedest Railroad in the World," the line was a popular diversion for many, renowned for its peculiarly steep and serpentine route, winding through picturesque terrain to a mountaintop tavern that provided striking views of the San Francisco Bay Area. Despite its popularity, the railway met its ultimate demise following a devastating fire in 1929, accompanied by diminished ridership resulting from both increasing automobile competition and the Great Depression.
Origin.
Mount Tamalpais.
The rocky backbone of Mount Tamalpais looms dramatically above redwood-shaded canyons and rugged grass-strewn hills of Marin. Its highest point, east peak, is 2,571-feet and only several miles from the pacific shores of Stinson Beach. The area was initially overlooked by the first large-scale wave of American migrants to the region in the mid-19th century, most of whom quickly passed through coastal cities en route to inland gold fields during the California Gold Rush. By the late 19th century, however, most of the mineral deposits had dwindled and San Francisco had developed into a relatively large and dense urban center. During this same period, Marin County began to take on a much different identity in the region, from being regarded as a source of lumber to a place of remarkable natural beauty and appealing respite from the densely populated areas just south across the San Francisco Bay.
Mill Valley, located at the base of Mount Tamalpais, was first planned in the late 1880s and formally incorporated shortly after in 1900. The city was named for a sawmill built by John Reed, to cut lumber harvested from the surrounding area. Once the area was logged, the land was divided into parcels and sold as home sites, which at first were primarily vacation residences. The city was served by The Sausalito Land and Ferry Company and the North Pacific Coast Railroad. These provided access to Mill Valley, requiring a short ferry ride across the Bay from San Francisco to Sausalito, then a transfer to the railroad for another brief trip that terminated in Mill Valley. Mount Tamalpais lies only directly north of San Francisco and five miles (8 km) directly east of the Pacific Ocean.
Due to ease of access provided by the ferry and rail service, entrepreneurs realized the potential for transforming the sleepy hills north of San Francisco into a recreational destination. Sidney B. Cushing was one such individual. He had recently acquired the Blithedale Hotel summer resort just north of downtown Mill Valley in Corte Madera Canyon. The hills surrounding Mill Valley, however, were rather steep—requiring a dependable means of transportation for them to become an accessible vacation spot. Rail was the most logical means at the time, and Mount Tamalpais was the most attractive and unique destination for such a line.
Formation and construction of the railroad.
Louis L. Janes was the initial impetus behind creating a railroad at Mount Tamalpais. Janes was the resident director of the Tamalpais Land & Water Co. and first town clerk of Mill Valley. Sidney B. Cushing, president of the San Rafael Gas & Electric Co., was chosen as President of the corporation. It was initially named the Mill Valley and Mount Tamalpais Scenic Railway due to the fact the Muir Woods branch had not yet been planned. Funding came from several sources, provided to the corporation in exchange for stock in the company. One influential resident, A. E. Kent, gave the corporation right-of-way through his property in Corte Madera Canyon in exchange for $10,000 in stock. A. E. Kent and his son, William, were early Marin residents who foresaw the region's appeal to visitors from the Bay Area and beyond. William Kent was a Progressive Republican Congressman representing California from 1911–1917. Considering his family's financial interests in the railway, it is interesting to note that Kent spearheaded the movement to form the Muir Woods National Monument, a popular destination on the line. 
Construction began on February 5, 1896. Originating at the North Pacific Coast Railroad depot in Mill Valley, the line was planned to ascend the surrounding hills to the summit of Mount Tamalpais, then over the top of the peak and down to Bolinas Beach. The pristine beach was difficult to access at the time and residents widely supported the line's planned arrival. This, though, remained only a plan, as did the initial proposal to make the line an electric trolley route. A wagon road was constructed to Willow Camp (Stinson Beach) in 1902 and electric power never supplanted the geared steam locomotives used to construct the line. Supplies and laborers arrived in Mill Valley and began work by February 1896. Over 200 men, an international mix of laborers, graded the route and laid the rails. Many, though, left their jobs in protest due to poor pay and expensive board—$1.75 a day for 10 hours of work followed by a night at an obligatory boarding house costing $5.25 a week. Despite these labor concerns and some local enmity from residents who opposed noisy locomotives running adjacent to their property, construction ensued. Within six months, the railroad construction was completed at a cost of $55,000; equipment cost an additional $80,000. The last spike was driven on August 18, 1896, with the first passenger train operating just four days later.
Operation.
Route.
The railroad's tracks originated from a depot located at 87 Throckmorton Avenue, at an elevation of approximately . This building took several forms through the years, significantly more grandiose and Victorian than the current mission style depot occupied by a bookstore and cafe. Trains headed north through town, passing a water tank and shed at Lovell Avenue, and an engine house and shops on Corte Madera Avenue at Alcatraz Place. From the depot to King Street, the grade paralleled the Arroyo Corte Madera del Presidio stream that twists through Mill Valley between Blithedale and Corte Madera Avenues. Along the stream, the tracks continued north past the Blithedale Hotel until reaching Milepost One, at an elevation of , approximately where Shady Lane crosses the stream today. At Lee Street the tracks passed a small station and water tank before continuing another 3/4 of a mile to Horse Shoe Curve, where the tracks crossed the stream one final time and headed southwest to Milepost Two. A siding was once located at Milepost Two, at an elevation of . Continuing to head southwest, the tracks curved almost a dozen more times before reaching Milepost Three. 
At Milepost Three, the route reached an elevation of . Fern Canyon Drive currently follows this section of the old roadbed, including a tight curve at Summit Avenue, followed by numerous curves until reaching Milepost Four, lying just beyond a large home currently located at the end of Fern Canyon Road. From Milepost Four, the roadbed loops around the home and becomes a fire road available to hikers who, from this point, can follow the roadbed to its terminus at the peak. 
Mesa Junction was just beyond Milepost Four at an elevation of , the starting point of the "Double Bow Knot" curve where the track paralleled itself four times to quickly gain elevation. Within this curve, the track passed another small depot, siding and water tank at a stop named Mesa Station. A branch from mainline was added at Mesa Junction and headed southwest for Muir Woods, known as Redwood Canyon when it opened in 1907.
Just west of the Double Bow Knot, the tracks reached an elevation of at Milepost Five. Heisler locomotive No. 2 wrecked about 1/4 of a mile before Milepost Five on August 22, 1900, killing the engineer, Ernest Thomas. Grease deposits on the rail caused the locomotive to jump the rails and topple down the slope on the south side of the tracks, damaging the locomotive and releasing steam that fatally scalded Ernest Thomas. 
From this dubious point, the tracks then headed west past another water tank, reaching Milepost Six at an elevation of , where Boot Jack Siding was located. A half mile from Boot Jack the tracks finished their westward climb at the West Point Inn. In a tight 252º turn, they curved around the Inn and pointed east for another half mile to Milepost Seven at an elevation of . Milepost Eight was further east up the mountain at an elevation of . From here, the tracks wound around a broad curve for just less than a 1/4 of a mile to the railroad's final destination, Tamalpais Tavern, at an elevation of .
Curvature.
The railroad ascended a particularly steep grade from its starting point at the North Pacific Coast depot in Mill Valley – at an elevation of approximately – to its destination at a tavern just below the summit of Mount Tamalpais – at an elevation of . In order to follow a grade that steam locomotives could ascend, the track had to maintain a reasonable vertical climb. The entire line's average grade was 5%, comprising maximum grades of 7% at some points on the line. As the crow flies, the peak of Mount Tamalpais is only a few miles from Mill Valley. However, a direct approach presented an impracticably steep ascent for the railroad. Thus, it meandered up the mountain, cutting its way back and forth across the terrain. According to an article entitled "Geared Locomotives on the Mount Tamalpais Railway" from the July 16, 1898 edition of "Scientific American," the mainline had only of straight track, with the remainder composed of the following 266 curves:
Gravity Cars.
The railroad became famous for its gravity cars, four-wheel coasters that took advantage of the steep, relentless grade, were first introduced in 1902. Gravity cars had an operator known as a gravityman who sat in the front right seat (on most cars) and operated two brake levers that pressed heavy duty brake shoes against the car's wheels. Gravitymen had strict orders to obey a 12 mile-per-hour speed limit as they glided down Mt. Tamalpais to either Muir Woods or into Mill Valley. "Gravities" ran at scheduled times, like all trains on the line, essential to safe operation on a single track railroad. Gravity cars were towed back to the summit by the powerful steam engines where they were stored in the yard for the next run.
Today.
On May 3, 2009, a small museum opened in the former East Peak yard of the Mt. Tamalpais and Muir Woods Railway. The "Gravity Car Barn" shelters a recreated gravity car that rolls from the barn on 84-feet of rail. Volunteer Friends of Mt Tam Docents staff the museum on weekends. Displays and a short documentary illustrate the railroad's story.

</doc>
<doc id="19496578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496578" title="Mount Minsi">
Mount Minsi

Mount Minsi forms the Pennsylvania side of the Delaware Water Gap, and is the eastern extent of the Blue Mountain. It is composed of sandstone and conglomerates of the Shawangunk Formation.
Hiking.
The easiest route to the summit of Minsi is by way of the Appalachian Trail, from the Lake Lenape trailhead near the town of Delaware Water Gap. The Mount Minsi fire road shares and parallels parts of the same route on the same northwest slopes. Both travel about round trip, and gain of elevation.
Climbing.
The band of exposed metaquartzite cliffs on east face of Minsi hold a number of traditional climbing routes. The earliest of these were put up in 1975, and established routes range from 5.0 to 5.12+. Winter can offer some mixed and ice climbing as well.

</doc>
<doc id="19496590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496590" title="Howard Dixon">
Howard Dixon

Howard W. Dixon (August 4, 1915 – July 30, 2007) was a civil rights attorney in Miami between 1955 and 1997. During that time, he was considered an activist for the rights of poor people and minorities. He served as General Counsel for the NAACP in the ‘50s, was a founding Board Member of the Florida Civil Liberties Union. He was the founding executive director of Legal Service of Greater Miami, a program that grew out of President Lyndon Johnson’s 1964 War on Poverty. He served as Executive Director from 1966 to 1977. After his retirement as a General Master for the Florida Court System in 1987, he served as a full-time volunteer for the Legal Aid Society of Greater Miami, earning him the John Minor Wisdom Public Service and Professionalism Award for Pro Bono Service by the American Bar Association in 1995.
As Executive Director for Legal Services of Greater Miami, led several U.S. Supreme Court victories, including Agrersinger vs. Hamlin and Fuentes vs. Shevin in 1972. The cases allowed for people to have counsel and hearings in specific situations. In 1990, Dixon was awarded the Florida Supreme Court’s highest honor, the Tobias Simon Pro Bono Award.
In 1961, as an attorney for the Florida Civil Liberties Union, Dixon defended the Freedom Riders in Tallahassee, Florida. He established legal precedence in the case regarding emergency appeals from the State to the Federal courts. The case became famous in legal circles at that time as a method to remove lawsuits from state to federal jurisdiction when all state remedies have not been exhausted.
Dixon was named in the amicus brief with the American Civil Liberties Union to the Florida Supreme Court urging reversal for Gideon vs. Wainwright, the case that supported the sixth amendment of the constitution to provide counsel in criminal cases for defendants unable to afford their own attorneys.

</doc>
<doc id="19496592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496592" title="ASA Filmudlejning">
ASA Filmudlejning

Amongst the most prolific producers working for ASA were John Olsen and Henning Karmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19496594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496594" title="20th Marine Regiment (United States)">
20th Marine Regiment (United States)

20th Marine Regiment was an engineer regiment of the United States Marine Corps that fought during World War II.
History.
20th Marines was formed on June 15, 1943 at Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune, North Carolina from cadred units of the 19th Marine Regiment. It originally consisted of three battalions and was assigned to support the 4th Marine Division. The 1st and 2nd Battalions were made up of Marines while the 3rd Battalion was formed with US Navy Construction Battalion personnel also known as Seabees. During the war the Regiment fought during the Battle of Kwajalein, Battle of Saipan and Battle of Tinian. The regiment was deactivated on August 31, 1944 and its component battalions were reassigned within the 4th Marine Division.

</doc>
<doc id="19496605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496605" title="Metromania">
Metromania

Metromania is an album by German rock band Eloy, which was released in 1984 and features artwork by Rodney Matthews.

</doc>
<doc id="19496660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496660" title="Salinas Spurs">
Salinas Spurs

The Salinas Spurs were a California League team that played from 1982 to 1987 and again from 1989 to 1992. Located in Salinas, California, they were affiliated with the Chicago Cubs from 1982 to 1983, the Seattle Mariners from 1984 to 1987, and in 1989 they had a partial working agreement with the San Francisco Giants. That season, they had seven Japanese players play for them.
They did not play as the Salinas Spurs in 1988, because they moved to Riverside, California to become the Riverside Red Wave. Baseball returned to Salinas after the Fresno Suns moved there for the 1989 season and became the Spurs.

</doc>
<doc id="19496661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496661" title="Darrick Brown">
Darrick Brown

Darrick Brown (born February 18, 1984 in Tangipahoa, Louisiana) is an indoor football cornerback who is currently a member of the Allen Wranglers of the Indoor Football League. He last played for the New Orleans VooDoo of the Arena Football League. He was originally signed by the Oakland Raiders as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at McNeese State. 
Brown has also been a member of the New Orleans Saints and the Indianapolis Colts.

</doc>
<doc id="19496665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496665" title="Bobby Andonov">
Bobby Andonov

Bobby Andonov (Macedonian Боби Андонов) (born 28 August 1994) is a Macedonian singer song-writer born and raised in Australia.
Early life and career beginnings.
Andonov was born on August 28, 1994 in Melbourne, Australia, from Macedonian parents originating from Strumica, Republic of Macedonia. Andonov has performed since the age of six, when he started dancing and singing in his hometown, Melbourne, Australia then at the age of nine, he starred as Danny in a junior production of "Grease" the musical and after rave reviews from his family and friends, decided on his life path. His aunt, noticing his talent, encouraged Andonov to audition for Disney's "The Lion King" and Andonov was selected from 3000 applicants to be one of four Young Simbas in Melbourne, Sydney and Shanghai, China.
Career.
Since "Eurovision" back in 2008, Andonov has been composing and recording songs for an upcoming EP. He has attracted the attention of Medici Music (Paul Morgan) and has recorded two songs to be released in 2010. That same year, just at the age of 16, Andonov entered for a "Australia's Got Talent" and impressed all three judges with his great voice. He has also released a YouTube video of his own arrangement of the Tonic song "If You Could Only See". YouTube has been a great indicator of Andonov's popularity with his "Eurovision" footage achieving over 500,000 hits on several different channels and his "Australia's Got Talent" audition reaching over 15 million views. In 2010, Andonov met R&B superstar, Usher with the help of music guru, Molly Meldrum who flew Andonov to Sydney to meet him, during his promotion tour in Australia Andonov has a large fan base throughout Australia, Europe and America. He is looking forward to the promotional tour of Europe in 2010 followed by concert dates in 2011. Andonov has recently entered the world of modelling and is available by arrangement only through London Management Group. Andonov is also looking forward to releasing his original music and performing concert dates to promote his upcoming debut releases. On July 7, 2013, Andonov made his song War Is Love available for a free listen on "SoundCloud" through his official Facebook page.Recently Andonov has been flying to L.A, writing with various different song-writers like Sam Watters, Evan "Kidd" Bogart, Louis Biancaniello,Emanuel Kiriakou, Jonas Jeberg.

</doc>
<doc id="19496667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496667" title="Egypt national futsal team">
Egypt national futsal team

The Egyptian national futsal team represents Egypt during international futsal competitions. It is governed by the Egyptian Football Association.
Egypt reached the FIFA Futsal World Cup 4 times. Egypt attended their first FIFA Futsal World Cup in 1996, when they achieved the first victory for Africa in the competition's history by beating Australia 8-2.
Four years later they earned Africa a quarter-final berth with notable victories over the likes of Uruguay and Russia. Although a draw with Argentina would have granted them a place in the semis, they lost 3-4 to the South Americans.
The Pharaohs appeared for the third successive time in Chinese Taipei and despite a first-round exit, they made their mark with the biggest margin of victory in the tournament, 12-0 over the hosts. 

</doc>
<doc id="19496669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496669" title="Nicholas Wright (playwright)">
Nicholas Wright (playwright)

Nicholas Wright (1940, Cape Town, South Africa) is a British dramatist. He opened and ran the Theatre Upstairs at the Royal Court Theatre, was joint artistic director of the Royal Court and is a former literary manager and associate director of the Royal National Theatre. Wright began acting as a child, and trained at The London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art (LAMDA). His publications include "99 Plays", a survey of drama from Aeschylus to the present day, and "Changing Stages", co-written with Richard Eyre.

</doc>
<doc id="19496675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496675" title="Nakasawa Station">
Nakasawa Station

Some Limited Express trains, including Hokutosei, stop at this station without embarkment or disembarkment for siding.
History.
Nakasawa Station was opened on November 25, 1959 as a station on the Japanese National Railways (JNR). With the privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987, it came under the operational control of JR East. A siding track was added in March 1988.
Station layout.
Nakasawa Station has a single side platform and an island platform serving three tracks. The station is unattended, and is managed from Kanita Station. There is no station building, but only a weather shelter on Platform 1

</doc>
<doc id="19496676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496676" title="Randy Barlow">
Randy Barlow

Randy Barlow (born March 29, 1943 in Detroit, Michigan) is an American country music artist. Between 1976 and 1983, he released four albums, including three for Republic Records. In the same time span, he charted more than fifteen singles on the "Billboard" country singles charts, including a string of four songs in a row which all reached No. 10.

</doc>
<doc id="19496704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496704" title="Newtown, Dorset">
Newtown, Dorset

Newtown is a suburb and electoral ward in the town of Poole in Dorset, England with a population of 11,132.

</doc>
<doc id="19496705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496705" title="Ukraine at the 2000 Summer Paralympics">
Ukraine at the 2000 Summer Paralympics

Ukraine sent a delegation of athletes to the 2000 Summer Paralympics.

</doc>
<doc id="19496711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496711" title="Derrick Gray">
Derrick Gray

Derrick Gray (born November 11, 1985 in Silver Spring, Maryland) is an American football defensive end who is currently a free agent. He was signed by the Oakland Raiders as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Texas Southern.
He has also been a member of the California Redwoods.

</doc>
<doc id="19496726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496726" title="Battle Hawk">
Battle Hawk


</doc>
<doc id="19496742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496742" title="Forest Robin">
Forest Robin

The Forest Robin ("Stiphrornis erythrothorax") is a species of bird from Central and West Africa. It is monotypic in the genus Stiphrornis. It has been placed in the family Turdidae, but is now generally placed in Muscicapidae in the group popularly known as chats. Most taxonomists consider it a single species, but some reviews have recommended recognizing 5 species. It has a total length of around 12 cm (4½ in), has dark upperparts, and a throat and chest that, depending on the exact subspecies, is yellow-orange or deep orange.
Taxonomy.
The initial split into multiple species within this genus is based on a review from 1999 where it, based on the phylogenetic species concept, was argued that all then recognized taxa should be considered monotypic species. Of these, "S. gabonensis" and "S. xanthogaster" were formerly considered subspecies of "S. erythrothorax", whereas "S. saghensis" was described as an entirely new species. The split was not followed in Handbook of the Birds of the World, where described as ""perhaps premature"". Comparably, the BirdLife Taxonomic Working Group (and consequently IUCN) recommended not following the split, as differences in plumages are relatively small, genetic sampling considered incomplete, and evidence for intergradation or parapatry is lacking. Another species from this complex, "S. pyrrholaemus", was described as a new species in 2008. Based on mtDNA, it is placed within "S. erythrothorax sensu lato", and consequently is only a species (rather than a subspecies of "S. erythrothorax") if at least some of the taxonomy recommended in 1999 is followed. The genetic divergence between "S. pyrrholaemus" and other members of the genus is comparable to that between some other closely related species.

</doc>
<doc id="19496744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496744" title="Harry Dunlop">
Harry Dunlop

Harry Alexander Dunlop (born September 6, 1933, at Sacramento, California) is an American former catcher, coach and manager in professional baseball. As a player, Dunlop never reached Major League Baseball—he spent his early career as a catcher and pilot in the minor leagues—but he spent 21 seasons in the big leagues as a coach during the period between and .
Catcher for Necciai's 27-strikeout game.
Dunlop batted left-handed, threw right-handed, stood 6'3" (190.5 cm) tall and weighed 200 pounds (91 kg). He played in the farm system of the Pittsburgh Pirates from through —missing the 1953–54 seasons due to military service—but his most famous achievement came during his 16-game stint with his first team, the Bristol Twins of the Class D Appalachian League. Between May 13 and May 26, 1952, Dunlop caught three no-hitters from Bristol pitchers, one from Ron Necciai in which Necciai struck out a record 27 batters in a nine-inning game, and two no-hitters from teammate Bill Bell.
The Necciai game is regarded as one of the most outstanding achievements in baseball history. While he recorded 27 strikeouts and one ground ball out, Necciai had to garner 28 outs in the game because of a passed ball by Dunlop on a strikeout in the ninth inning. "That was the first of three no-hitters I caught in 14 days," Dunlop said 35 years later. "But it was the only professional game anyone ever caught in which a pitcher struck out 27 batters in nine innings. I felt like a celebrity after it. I told George Detore, I said, 'George, I called a helluva game, didn't I?' You know what? George just looked at me and said, 'Why'd you call that pitch to so-and-so in the sixth?'"
Minor league manager.
Dunlop's celebrity was short-lived. His playing career stalled in 1956 with the New Orleans Pelicans of the Class AA Southern Association and he was released by the Pirates the following season. He kept his baseball career going, however, as the playing manager of the unaffiliated Tucson Cowboys of the Class C Arizona-Mexico League. The Cowboys finished second in the league in 1958, and Dunlop batted .349.
By 1961, Dunlop had joined the minor league managerial staff of the Baltimore Orioles, with the Stockton Ports of the Class C California League. He managed at the Class A level for the Orioles and the California Angels through the middle of 1968, briefly coached for the AAA Seattle Angels, and then was named a coach in for the first-year Kansas City Royals expansion franchise in the American League.
Major League coach.
He spent seven seasons (1969–75) as a coach with Kansas City, then served on the staffs of the Chicago Cubs (1976), Cincinnati Reds (1979–82), and San Diego Padres (1983–87).
During his Kansas City tenure, he worked for 2½ years (1973 through mid-1975) under Royals manager Jack McKeon, like Dunlop a former minor league catcher in the Pirates' organization, and the two formed a strong professional association. McKeon was the general manager of the Padres when Dunlop coached for San Diego; he then moved Dunlop into the Padre farm system as field coordinator of minor league instruction (1988–90). McKeon also named Dunlop to his coaching staff in his late-career managerial assignments with the Reds (1998–2000) and Florida Marlins, for whom Dunlop served as a coach in when he was 71 years of age, and McKeon, his boss, was 74.
He recently wrote a book "50 Years in a Kid's Game."

</doc>
<doc id="19496745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496745" title="Scream (Avenged Sevenfold song)">
Scream (Avenged Sevenfold song)

"Scream" is the fifth and final single from Avenged Sevenfold's self-titled album. It has reached number nine on the U.S. Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart and number 26 on the U.S. Alternative Songs chart. It is the second of five singles by Avenged Sevenfold written by M. Shadows. This is also the last single to feature The Rev on drums.
"Scream" was released on July 27, 2010 as a downloadable track in Rock Band 2 along with "Nightmare" and "Seize the Day".
Music video.
On October 31, 2008, Avenged Sevenfold mentioned that fans of the band were eligible to make their own music video for the song. The video had to be submitted to YouTube before November 30, 2008. The winner and five runner ups of the contest were announced on December 15, 2008. The winner received a new MacBook Air computer that came with Avenged Sevenfold videos, music, and other items from the band. The winning video was also featured on the Avenged Sevenfold website, MySpace page, YouTube account, and Facebook account. The five runner ups in this contest received a copy of the DVD and CD "Live in the LBC & Diamonds in the Rough", signed by the members of the band; in addition, a merchandise pack was also rewarded to these runner ups. Music video

</doc>
<doc id="19496758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496758" title="Greyson Gunheim">
Greyson Gunheim

Greyson Gregory Gunheim (born April 4, 1986 in Sebastopol, California) is a free agent American football defensive end who last played for the Oakland Raiders of the National Football League. He was signed by the Raiders as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Washington.
Early years.
Prior to attending Washington Gunheim was a stand-out player at Analy High School in Sebastopol, California where he was one of the most heavily recruited players in Redwood Empire history. He was named his area's defensive player of the year by the Petaluma (Calif.) Argus Courier. He was also named to California's First-team All-state defensive team for mid-sized schools. As a senior he rushed for 1,700 yards and 25 touchdowns, but stood out even more as a defensive lineman, he had 55 tackles and 11 sacks and helped team to a 9-3 record as a senior. He was also a member of the Analy basketball team. Gunheim is considered the greatest Tiger athlete since Chip "The Skip" Castleberry.
On June 25, 2010, he married Katie Zagroba in his hometown of Sebastopol, California.
College career.
Gunheim played in all 11 games and started the final seven in 2004 and finished the year with 16 tackles, 3.5 tackles for loss and 1.5 sacks and was named to The Sporting News 2004 Pac-10 All-Freshman team.
In 2005 he started all 11 games at defensive end led the team with 11 tackles-for-loss and tied for the team lead with five sacks to go along with his 38 total tackles and three passes defensed.
In 2006 he was honorable mention All-Pac-10 honors after playing in all 12 games and starting 10. He totaled 44 tackles, six sacks and 12 tackles for a loss.
Gunheim started all 13 games at defensive end as a senior an team captain in 2007. He ended the season with 41 tackles, 11 for a loss, 6.5 sacks and four passes defensed and an interception.
Gunheim ended his college career with 139 tackles, 37.5 for a loss, 18 sacks and 10 passes defensed.
Professional career.
Gunheim began the 2008 season as part of the Raiders' practice squad. He was called up to the active roster in November 2008. He played his first game November 9, 2008 against the Carolina Panthers. In his NFL debut Gunheim played on the punt return and kick-off return teams as well as three possessions at defensive-end.
Gunheim was promoted to the active roster again on December 30, 2009. He was released by the Raiders on September 4, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19496765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496765" title="Tempora mutantur">
Tempora mutantur

Tempora mutantur is a Latin adage meaning "times change", or more precisely "the times are changed" (passive). It is also stated in various longer hexametric forms, most commonly Tempora mutantur, nos et mutamur in illis, meaning "Times change, and we change with them", or more precisely "The times are changed and we too are changed in them (or during them)" – see history for various other forms.
Wording.
Regarding the form:
As many adages and proverbial or wisdom maxims handed on till nowadays from the Latin cultural tradition, this line is a hexameter: the rhythmical verse, typical of the great epic poetry, both in Greek and Latin literature. All other Latin verses cited in this page are hexameters as well.
The fact that "et" (and) is following "nos" and being accented in the hexameter's rhythm, attributes an emphasis to it. In this position "et" works as a short form of "etiam"; meaning: "also, too" or "even". So a correct translation is "and we too", instead of the simple "and we".
The verb "mūtō" means both "to move" and "to change", so an alternate reading is "The times move and we move [along in them." This recalls the image of time as a river, moving along, as in Heraclitus' Πάντα ῥεῖ (panta rhei) "everything is in a state of flux".
History.
The notion of change, of everything changing, dates in Western philosophy at least to Heraclitus. This formulation appears to be traditional; the variant "omnia mutantur" ("everything changes", "τἀ πἀντα ρει" in Greek) occurs for instance in Ovid's "Metamorphoses", in the phrase "omnia mutantur, nihil interit", – everything changes, nothing perishes – and was cited as an inspiration by later writers. Various forms appear in the vernacular literature of the 16th and early 17th century; these are discussed below.
English.
In English vernacular literature it is quoted as "proverbial" in William Harrison's "Description of England," 1577, p. 170, part of Holinshed's "Chronicles", in the form:
It appears in in John Lyly "Euphues" I 276, 1578, as cited in "Dictionary of Proverbs", by George Latimer Apperson, Martin Manser, p. 582 as
It gained popularity as a couplet by John Owen, in his popular "Epigrammata," 1613 Lib. I. ad Edoardum Noel, epigram 58 "O Tempora!":
Translated by Harvey, 1677, as:
German.
References in German vernacular literature date back to the Protestant Reformation and arise in that context:
Before 1554 Caspar Huberinus completes Ovid's verse:
The German translation is added in 1565 by Johannes Nas:
Finally a couplet dedicated by Matthew Borbonius in 1595 to emperor Lothair I. Also selected for the anthology "Delitiae Poetarum Germanorum", 1612, vol. 1, p. 685 (GIF).
Incorrect attributions.
It is incorrectly attributed to Cicero, presumably a confusion with his "O tempora o mores!"
Georg Büchmann, "Geflügelte Worte: Der Citatenschatz des deutschen Volkes", ed. K. Weidling, 1898 edition, p. 506, confuses historical and poetical reality naming emperor Lothair I as the source and the couplet by Matthias Borbonius printed in 1612 as the quote.
Brewer's Dictionary 1898 edition confuses Borbonius' first name (Matthew) with another poet (Nicholas), the entry reading:
Cultural references.
In "Pierson v. Post", dissenting judge and future Supreme Court Justice Henry Brockholst Livingston argued "If any thing, therefore, in the digests or pandects shall appear to militate against the defendant in error, who, on this occasion, was foxhunter, we have only to say "tempora mutantur", and if men themselves change with the times, why should not laws also undergo an alteration?"
It is used as the nickname for Joseph Haydn's Symphony No. 64.
In the popular UK sitcom "Yes Prime Minister", Prime Minister Jim Hacker suggests to civil servant Sir Humphrey Appleby that "hardly anyone uses Latin nowadays". Sir Humphrey responds with "Tempora mutantur, nos et mutamur in illis".
The adage is inscribed on the Convention Center at Caesars Palace in Las Vegas.
James Joyce's Stephen Dedalus goes back with his father to County Cork in "A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man" and one of his dad's old cronies cross-questions him: "One of them, in order to put his Latin to the proof, had made him translate short passages from Dilectus and asked him whether it was correct to say: "Tempora mutantur nos et mutamur in illis" or "Tempora mutantur et nos mutamur in illis"."

</doc>
<doc id="19496773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496773" title="Monroe County Courthouse (Indiana)">
Monroe County Courthouse (Indiana)

Monroe County Courthouse in Bloomington, Indiana is a Beaux Arts building built in 1908. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
History.
The first Monroe County Courthouse was ordered built in 1818 by the county commissioners, as one of the earliest items of business for the new county. "On Tuesday, April 14, (the fifth day [of existence of the county), very specific directions were written for the construction of a temporary log courthouse - a double cabin to be completed by the first of August. This log courthouse was probably located somewhere in the immediate area of where the Waldron Arts building is today."
The courthouse was built in August 1818 by Samuel Elliot. The cost of the structure was not to exceed $400. It was a single-story two-room cabin in the manner of a double log cabin. One room was square, and the other was by ; the two were separated by a entryway. The building was to be high to the eaves, and each room was to contain one window facing the east in order to take advantage of the sun. Villagers erected a chimney for each room after it was decided to use the structure as a school.
The log cabin courthouse was located on what now would be the south side of the square, now 116 South Walnut Street. Bloomington historian Dennis E. Matthews commissioned Jim Woods, owner of Woods and Nordberg Signs, to sketch the first courthouse in 1988. The charcoal sketch was drawn from a description by Bloomington historian Robert Leffler. Later Matthews made a model of the log cabin courthouse, which can be seen at the Monroe County History Center.
The building was unable to handle all the county's business, and in May 1819 a contract was let for the construction of a brick courthouse with a stone foundation. This replacement was finished in May 1826. It was expanded and remodeled in the 1850s and again in the 1870s.
The second courthouse was replaced with a new stone building that was designed by architects Wing and Mahurin of Fort Wayne, Indiana. It was constructed from 1907 to 1908 by contractors Drake and Caldwell, at a cost of $188,000. The weather vane from the old building, made of copper and shaped like a fish, was saved and used on the dome of the new courthouse. In 1984, the building received an extensive renovation costing about $2.3 million.

</doc>
<doc id="19496775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496775" title="Hellerup">
Hellerup

Hellerup () is a Danish town of Region Hovedstaden, located in the Gentofte Municipality in Denmark. It is bordered to the east by the sound Øresund and to the South by Copenhagen and counted among the most wealthy areas in Denmark.
It was Counselor Johan David Heller who came to put his name on the area when in 1748 he bought the farm like Lokkerup and rechristened it Hellerup Farm and parceled it out into 38 hectares. Today only Øregård remains similar to the original farms, but several of their names live on in street names.
Geography.
Hellerup is a suburb of Metropolitan Copenhagen situated in the north of Copenhagen the Danish capital.
Culture.
Noteworthy and critically acclaimed actress Stine Fischer Christensen, star of such films as After the Wedding, 'Cracks in the Shell' and 'Culling Hens' was born here in 1985
History.
Unlike other towns in the Gentofte Municipality, such as Gentofte, Ordrup, and Jægersborg Hellerup is not marked by old urbanization, but rather by fairly recent construction from the latter half of the 1800s. Prior to that time it was largely composed of farms and grazing land, similar to other towns on Zealand, such as Øregård.
Present day.
Notable sites in Hellerup include ""Store og Lille Tuborg"", which later lent the name to the Tuborg breweries that opened on the site and operated until the merger of the companies brewing operations with Carlsberg. As of 1996, it has been a residential area with numerous apartments overlooking the harbour. The site is also home to the headquarters of several Danish and international companies, among them Saxo Bank.
Hellerup is home to the science center Experimentarium. In October 2009, Crown Princess Mary visited Experimentarium to open an exhibition on the human brain.
The coast road, Strandvejen, runs through the main thoroughfare of the town and is home to numerous shops and boutiques. Other features of Strandvejen are the beach at Charlottenlund Strandpark and Charlottenlund Slot. Hellerup also has two churches, one built in 1900 and the other in 1959.
The ASA Film studio, founded in 1936, was based in Hellerup and produced some of the most notable films in Denmark.
Øregård Gymnasium was founded in 1903 as Plock Ross School. In 1919 Gentofte municipality took over the school, which was renamed Øregård Gymnasium. In 1924, the school moved into a new main building designed by architects GB Hagen and Edward Thomsen.
Foreign relations.
Danish-Bhutanese Friendship Association.

</doc>
<doc id="19496874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496874" title="Haider Ali (athlete)">
Haider Ali (athlete)

Haider Ali (born on 12 December 1984 in Gujranwala) is an all-around Pakistani para-athlete who created history at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China by winning the country's first ever Paralympic games medal, a silver. He also shared a new world record with his jump of 6.44 meters at the Games. 
Beijing Paralympics 2008.
Haider, who suffers from Cerebral Palsy, took part in F-37/38 Category men’s long jump and covered a distance of 6.44 meters, winning a silver medal at the 2008 Summer Paralympics. A Tunisian athlete, Farhat Chida, who covered the same distance, won a gold medal because he made six successful jumps overall, whereas Haider’s second and fifth jumps were rejected but he managed to equal Chida in his last attempt.
Both Haider and Farhat Chida scored a total of 1104 points each through their 6.44 meter jump, which is also a new world record in the games for people with disabilities.
In addition to T-38 Category, Haider also participated in three other events. In the 100 meter T38 sprint he was ranked ninth among nine runners, in the 200 meters against 7 runners he came in fifth and in the Discus Throw F37/38, where he was close to winning a bronze medal but his points tally of 986 fell just seven short of Dong Xia of China, who compiled 1003 points and took third place.
2010 Asian Para Games.
Ali won two medals at the 2010 Asian Para Games held in Guangzhou, China. Ali won gold in F 38 Long jump event and a bronze in the T-38 100m.
Career.
Previously, Haider Ali has won a gold medal for Pakistan in the long jump event at the KL’06 FESPIC Games held in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, in November–December 2006.
External references.
Overall Medal Standings on Official Beijing 2008 Paralympic Games Website, [http://results.beijing2008.cn/WRMP/ENG/INF/GL/95A/GL0000000.shtml]

</doc>
<doc id="19496876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496876" title="Robert D. Bailey">
Robert D. Bailey

Robert D. Bailey may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19496914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496914" title="Senza pietà">
Senza pietà

Senza pietà ("Without pity") is a 1948 Italian film directed by Alberto Lattuada and with script of Federico Fellini.
Plot.
As the war ended, some soldiers of color refused to abandon northern Italy to return to America by the intolerance, deserting. Of them, Jerry (John Kitzmiller) falls in love with Angela (Carla Del Poggio), a local girl.

</doc>
<doc id="19496924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496924" title="NUP188">
NUP188

Nucleoporin 188kDa, also known as NUP188, is a human gene.
Function.
Transport of macromolecules between the cytoplasm and nucleus occurs through nuclear pore complexes (NPCs) embedded in the nuclear envelope. NPCs are composed of subcomplexes, and NUP188 is part of one such subcomplex.

</doc>
<doc id="19496929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496929" title="Karl Wilhelm Ludwig Pappe">
Karl Wilhelm Ludwig Pappe

Karl Wilhelm Ludwig Pappe (1803, Hamburg - 14 October 1862) was a German-born physician and botanist.
He studied medicine and botany at Leipzig, and in 1831 relocated to Cape Town as a physician. His primary focus soon turned to botany, and he began performing extensive investigations of South African flora. He would later earn the title of "colonial botanist", and in 1858 became the first professor of botany at South African College. His personal herbarium (including the collection he acquired from his colleague Karl Ludwig Philipp Zeyher 1799-1858) became the nucleus of the South African Museum herbarium. 
Pappe wrote numerous articles on South African botany, and also published a work involving indigenous flora in the vicinity of Leipzig titled ""Synopsis plantarum phaenogamarum agro Lipsiensi indigenarum"" (1828). The genus "Pappea" from the family Sapindaceae is named in his honor.
As a taxonomist he described the genus "Atherstonea" (synonym "Strychnos", family Loganiaceae). 

</doc>
<doc id="19496932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496932" title="Agreement in principle">
Agreement in principle

In law, an agreement in principle is a stepping stone to a contract. Such agreements with regard to the principle are usually considered fair and equitable. Even if not all details are known, an "agreement in principle" may, for example, outline a schedule of royalties.

</doc>
<doc id="19496937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496937" title="Preben Neergaard">
Preben Neergaard

Preben Neergaard (2 May 1920 in Farum - 22 July 1990) was a Danish stage and film actor.

</doc>
<doc id="19496941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496941" title="Reliance Health">
Reliance Health

Reliance Health is a company in the Reliance Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group, headed by the Indian businessman Anil Ambani.
Its first partner health care facility will be the Kokilaben Dhirubhai Ambani Hospital & Medical Research Institute, a tertiary care facility in Versova near Mumbai.
The 730 bed multi-speciality hospital underwent a 'soft' launch in early 2008 for employees and doctors that had accepted offers with KDAH, and became operational in the first week of 2009. The hospital project was initiated in 1999 by Dr. Nitu Mandke as a large scale heart hospital.
The hospital is named after the wife of Dhirubhai Ambani who was the founder of the Reliance group of companies.

</doc>
<doc id="19496942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496942" title="Everett McIver">
Everett McIver

Everett McIver (born August 5, 1970 in Cumberland County, North Carolina) is a former American football offensive guard in the National Football League. He was signed by the New York Jets as an undrafted free agent in 1994. He played college football at Elizabeth City State. McIver also played for the Miami Dolphins and Dallas Cowboys.
Professional career.
McIver attended Seventy-First High School in Fayetteville, North Carolina (C/O '88). He graduated from Elizabeth City State University and signed as an undrafted free agent with the NY Jets in 1994. He appeared in 18 games for the Jets over the next 2 seasons. 
He was released by the Jets in 1996 and signed by the Miami Dolphins. The Dolphins sent Everett to NFL Europe for seasoning. He returned and played well enough in 1996 to earn a starting role for the Dolphins in 1997. 
The Dallas Cowboys signed Everett as a free agent in 1998, where he started and played in 20 games over the next 2 seasons with the Cowboys.
Michael Irvin incident.
In 1998 Michael Irvin allegedly inflicted a two-inch cut in the neck of McIver with a pair of barber's scissors, after apparently arguing over which of the two would get their hair cut first, while some team members were also getting haircuts. Whether it was battery or accidental, McIver did not press charges, and rumors swirled that Irvin brokered a six-figure settlement with him to drop the matter. The incident came to be known as "scissor gate".

</doc>
<doc id="19496955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496955" title="Cayetano Pignatelli, 3rd Marquis of Rubí">
Cayetano Pignatelli, 3rd Marquis of Rubí

Cayetano Pignatelli, 3rd Marquis of Rubí, 9th Baron of Llinars, (12 October 1730 - ?), was a Spanish nobleman and military figure who played an important role in determining Spanish policy towards Texas and Mexico. He abandoned the east Texas colonies in the 18th century.
Early life.
Rubí was probably born in Barcelona. He was the son of Francisco Pignatelli y de Aymerich, a lieutenant general of the Kingdom of Aragon and ambassador to France and María Francisca Rubí Corbera y Saint Climent, 2nd Marchioness of Rubí and Baronessa of Llinas. The marquis of Rubí was the nephew of the 6th Prince of Belmonte, Don (Giuseppe) Antonio Pignatelli y Aymerich, and of Doña Marianna, Countess of Althann, lady in waiting to Empress Elizabeth, consort of Emperor Charles VI and mother of Empress Maria Theresa.)
Career.
Rubí, who had achieved the high rank of field marshal and knight commander in the Order of Alcántara, arrived at Veracruz on 1 November 1764, as part of the expedition of Juan de Villabla, who had been sent to New Spain to organize regular army and colonial militia units. On August 7 of the following year, King Charles III appointed Rubí inspector of frontier presidios and commissioned him to remedy economic abuses and other urgent matters. When notified of his commission, Rubí went to Mexico City in mid-December 1765, and remained in the capital until March 1766, when he received his instructions from Viceroy Cruillas.
Inspection tour.
In the latter half of the eighteenth century frontier conditions in northern New Spain had deteriorated to such an extent as a result of Indian depredations, management of presidios etc., that the Spanish crown found it necessary to order an examination of the entire frontier with the view of relocating presidios and making whatever other adjustments might be necessary to prevent further abandonment of the frontier settlements. The Marques de Rubi was given the assignment of investigating this problem. He began his investigation in 1766. Royal engineers Nicolas de La Fora and Joseph de Urrutia assisted Rubi by drawing plans of presidios and drafting maps of the area traversed.
On March 12 Rubí set out on his inspection, traveling first to Querétaro and then to Zacatecas. On April 14 he was joined at Durango by Nicolás de Lafora, his engineer and mapmaker, who kept a diary of the tour, as did Rubí himself. Rubí began his inspection tour in New Mexico, moved to Sonora, and then traveled eastward to Coahuila. He crossed the Rio Grande in July 1767 and proceeded to San Luis de las Amarillas Presidio (San Sabá) by way of the upper Nueces River, where he visited the largely failed missions at El Cañón. He left San Sabá on August 4 and reached San Antonio de Béxar on August 24, 1767. From San Antonio, Rubí traveled to Los Adaes and began his inspection there on September 14. Subsequently, he also inspected the presidios at El Orcoquisac and La Bahía before leaving Texas at Laredo in November 1767. In all, Rubí's inspection of the northern frontier from the Gulf of California to Louisiana occupied him for twenty-three months, during which he traveled an estimated 7,600 miles. Born on October 12, 1730
As a result of his inspection, Rubí recommended that Spain reorganize its frontier defenses along a cordon of fifteen presidios, each about 100 miles apart, that would stretch from the Gulf of California to the mouth of the Guadalupe River in Texas. Above this "real" frontier, which closely approximated the present international boundary between the United States and Mexico, Rubí advised that only San Antonio and Santa Fe be maintained, and he urged the complete abandonment of East Texas. Finally, because of their perfidy and duplicity, Rubí recommended a war of extermination against the Lipan Apaches. He was back in Mexico City by February 1768, and he filed his official report on April 10.
New Regulations for Presidios.
More than four years passed before a royal order commonly known as the New Regulations for Presidios was issued. As a result of the Rubi recommendations, a new line of defense was established, uniform fortification plans were prescribed, and numerous changes were made in regulations governing military personnel. The new line of fortifications was to be composed of some fifteen presidios situated at about 40 league (or 120 mile) intervals extending from the Gulf of California on the west to the Gulf of Mexico on the east along what is now approximately the northern boundary of Mexico. The order implementing the realignment of the Presidios of the Frontier Line was published on September 10, 1772.
The New Regulations had enormous impact on Texas. They called for the abandonment of all missions and presidios in Texas except for those at San Antonio and La Bahía; the strengthening of San Antonio by designating it the new capital of Texas; the removal of soldiers and settlers in East Texas; and the implementation of a new Indian policy aimed at establishing good relations with the northern nations at the expense of the Apaches. With respect to East Texas, Rubí's recommendations were enacted in 1773 but were soon vitiated by the return of settlers to the region and the founding of Nacogdoches in 1779.
Later life.
After he sailed from Veracruz in July 1768, the remainder of Rubí's life is largely obscure. He was summoned to court in 1769 to defend his proposals, and he was in Barcelona in April 1772. When Carlos III died in 1788, Rubí may have accepted retirement at about the age of sixty-three.

</doc>
<doc id="19496980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496980" title="Stojan Krstić">
Stojan Krstić

Stojan Krstić () was the commander of the Vardar Chetnik Corps stationed in Vardar Macedonia during World War II. He was born in Prilep and had a career in the army of the Kingdom of SHS. Died in battle with the units of the Third Macedonian Assault Brigade of the Yugoslav partisans near Kumanovo.

</doc>
<doc id="19496992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496992" title="Christ Episcopal Church (Wellsburg, New York)">
Christ Episcopal Church (Wellsburg, New York)

Located at 280 Main Street, Wellsburg, New York, Christ Episcopal Church was built in 1869. The church was designed by Isaac O. Perry, of Binghamton, New York. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="19496993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496993" title="Persiane chiuse">
Persiane chiuse

Persiane chiuse ("Behind Closed Shutters") is a 1950 Italian film directed by Luigi Comencini.
Plot.
Sandra (Rossi Drago) searches her missing sister. For this, she enters the morally degraded seaside of Genoa.

</doc>
<doc id="19496995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496995" title="Turbo B">
Turbo B

Turbo B (born Durron Maurice Butler; April 30, 1967) is an American musician, rapper and beatboxer, best known for his time fronting the electronic music group, Snap!.
Early years.
Born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, Butler started his music career as a drummer for a heavy metal band in his hometown. After joining the United States Army in July 1985, he completed basic training (C-4-3) at Fort Dix and was transferred to the 8th SC, Redstone Arsenal, AL for advanced training where he qualified to become an ammunition specialist. With his advanced training complete, he was sent to Friedberg, Hesse to join the 60th Ordnance Company in Ray Barracks. After completing his service in the Army he returned to the USA but went back to Germany shortly thereafter to tour with The Fat Boys. In 1990 DJ Rico Sparx discovered his rapping talents and introduced him to "Snap!" producers Michael Münzing and Luca Anzilotti (who were using the pseudonyms Benito Benites and John "Virgo" Garrett III); they chose him to replace Chill Rob G's vocals in their song "The Power". He chose the stage name Turbo B, which had been his nickname since childhood.
Success with Snap!
"The Power" became a major international hit, and Butler became recognisable as the frontman of the group. To promote the record he toured widely with Snap!, rapping his lyrics and also playing drums.
With the release of Snap!'s second album, Butler wanted the first single to be "Color of Love". "Rhythm Is a Dancer" was planned to be the first single, however he reportedly hated the song, especially his now infamous line ""I'm serious as cancer when I say rhythm is a dancer"". In December 1991 he got his wish but "Color of Love" went fairly unnoticed in the UK and US charts. Michael Münzing and Luca Anzilotti then insisted on releasing "Rhythm Is a Dancer" as the second single. It became the group's second major international hit. Butler left Snap! shortly after due to growing dissent with the group and its managers.
In 2000 Snap! and Turbo B rejoined for a comeback, and released the single "Gimme a Thrill". The single failed to chart and their planned upcoming album "One Day on Earth" was subsequently never released.
Solo career and Centory.
After leaving Snap! Butler pursued a solo career, releasing the album "Make Way for the Maniac" in 1993 on Polydor Records. It featured the singles "I'm Not Dead", "Get Wild", "What You See" and "Nice & Smooth".
He went on to form the band Centory in 1994 with Gary Carolla, Delgado (Kevin Estevez), and Alex Trime (Eddie Gibson). They released the album "Alpha Centory" which spawned four minor hits in the European charts. Butler toured with Centory following their success. He did not feature in their last single, a cover of Milli Vanilli's "Girl You Know It's True", which instead featured singer Trey D. The song was Centory's least successful single, reaching No. 50 in the German Charts.
Butler did not release any more solo material until 2005, when his single "New Day" was released under Holy Chaos Recordings. Butler still tours around the world with his music. He was a special guest at the "90's Festival" in Russia and joined MC Hammer and Vanilla Ice on the "Back 2 Cool" tour in 2009.
Personal life.
Butler is married and has two children, a daughter named Shannon and a son named DJ.
Discography.
Snap!
Albums
Singles
Centory.
Albums
Singles
Solo releases.
Albums
Singles

</doc>
<doc id="19496999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19496999" title="Gwynn Park High School">
Gwynn Park High School

Gwynn Park High School is in Prince George's County, Maryland, a suburban area near the United States capital of Washington D.C..
Sports.
The school has won state championships in boys basketball in 1968, 1969, 1970, 1972, 1974, 1976, 1980, 1983, 1987, 1988; girls basketball in 1974, 2002, 2003, 2004; baseball in 1984; and football in 2005.
Gwynn Park is consistently a contender in many sports on both the county and state levels. The softball team is often very strong winning the 2010 Prince George's County Championship over Bowie High School.

</doc>
<doc id="19497000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497000" title="Betty Helsengreen">
Betty Helsengreen


</doc>
<doc id="19497004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497004" title="Los Angeles Electric 8">
Los Angeles Electric 8

The Los Angeles Electric 8 is an electric guitar chamber octet founded in 2006. The group is based in Los Angeles, California. The founding members are Philip Graulty, Chelsea Green, Ben Harbert, Brandon Mayer, Marc Nimoy, Felix Salazar, JohnPaul Trotter and Bryce Wilson. In 2008, Andy Nathan replaced Bryce Wilson and Alexander Sack replaced Brandon Mayer.
New music.
Much the Los Angeles Electric 8's repertoire consists of new works including microtonal and minimalist music. They have performed music by Frank J. Oteri, Wayne Siegel, Randall Kohl, Cornelius Boots, Peter Yates, Derrick Spiva, and Nathaniel Braddock.
Arrangements of older music.
The Los Angeles Electric 8 produces arrangements of older works for their ensemble including Johann Sebastian Bach, Felix Mendelssohn, Dmitri Shostakovich, Giovanni Domenico Rognoni Taeggio, Giovanni Gabrieli, Olivier Messiaen, Igor Stravinsky and Benjamin Franklin. Their repertoire adapts music that was originally intended for strings, organ, gamelan, bells, wind ensembles, classical guitars and choirs.
History.
The octet began a 2004 classical performance electric guitars organized by the Los Angeles Modern Guitar Project. The concert included students of guitarist Peter Yates playing a West Coast premiere of three new works by Chicago composer/guitarist Nathaniel Braddock. In 2006, four of those guitarists—Ben Harbert, Philip Graulty, Chelsea Green and Felix Salazar—performed for a memorial concert for the late composer James Tenney. From there, they constituted the rest of the group.

</doc>
<doc id="19497039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497039" title="NUP205">
NUP205

Nuclear pore complex protein Nup205 also known as nucleoporin 205kDa is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "NUP205" gene.
Function.
Transport of macromolecules between the cytoplasm and nucleus occurs through nuclear pore complexes (NPCs) embedded in the nuclear envelope. NPC's are composed of subcomplexes, and NUP205 is part of one such subcomplex.

</doc>
<doc id="19497059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497059" title="Nakameguro, Meguro, Tokyo">
Nakameguro, Meguro, Tokyo

Yūtenji, built in 1718, is a temple of the Pure Land Buddhism located on the easternmost part of Nakameguro. Note that Yūtenji is also the name of a district adjacent to Nakameguro in Meguro, but it is not the Yūtenji district that is home to the temple.

</doc>
<doc id="19497060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497060" title="Cameriera bella presenza offresi...">
Cameriera bella presenza offresi...

Cameriera bella presenza offresi... ("Housemaid") is a 1951 Italian film directed by Giorgio Pastina. Federico Fellini was one of its scriptwriters. 
Plot.
Maria (Elsa Merlini) is a housekeeper, who is married to Filiberto 'Berto' Morucchi (Gino Cervi) who is currently without a job so expecting to inherit some money from his uncle Matteo. Maria's best friend is Ermelinda (Giulietta Masina). Meanwhile, Maria does her job. Her first employer is a woman who cheats on her husband. Then, Maria works for a marriage (Vittorio De Sica as Leonardo Leonardi) which is about collapsing. Finally, she is hired by Raffaele (Eduardo De Filippo), a math teacher who is engaged to marry her. Nonetheless, eventually uncle Matteo passes away.

</doc>
<doc id="19497063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497063" title="White Air (extreme sports festival)">
White Air (extreme sports festival)

White Air is an extreme sports festival held annually on the Isle of Wight at Yaverland pay and display car park. The event usually takes place around September to October, although dates often vary. The 2008 event was a three-day event from 19-21 September. So far, the event has been running for 12 years but after recent festivals has suffered heavy criticism due to the close proximity to local houses, often putting the events future on its current site into question. Fresh rumours of a move to Brighton occurred shortly after the 2008 event which was later confirmed by festival organiser Nigel Howell.
Although it is now likely that the 2009 event will occur in Brighton, event organisers have not ruled out the possibility of it moving back to the island for 2010, if the Isle of Wight Council gives the event the support it needs.
Criticism.
Particularly in recent years the event has suffered heavy criticism by locals due to its close proximity to housing and the level of noise it produces. The 2007 event was moved from October, to a new slot in August, and extended to a week long. This caused great criticism as money was lost from parking charges from the pay and display car park the event takes place in. To help solve this the dates were later changed for the 2008 festival to a three-day event in September.
However, later music taking place at the 2008 event again caused anger with local residents in Yaverland. Music was originally licenced to take place until 11pm on Saturday, but White Air organisers requested this be extended to 1am due to changes of entertainment provision at the site.

</doc>
<doc id="19497109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497109" title="Dr. D">
Dr. D

Dr. D. may refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19497116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497116" title="Pedro Beda">
Pedro Beda

Pedro Henrique Nogueira Beda (born March 5, 1989) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for FK Rudar Prijedor in the Bosnian Premier League.
Career.
Youth career.
Formed in the SEDUC-MS Anastacio's youth squad, Pedro Beda drew the attention of the scout from Flamengo, Jorge, who took the boy to Estádio da Gávea.
Pedro Beda, as he is known, is a contemporary defender Rodrigo Arroz, has played with Paulo Sérgio and Renato Augusto, and other names. With the Flamengo youth team, gained much prominence in the club to become top scorer in Copa Belo Horizonte, 2007.
Pedro Beda played in the Champions Youth Cup 2007, where the club placed in the third place.
Professional career.
Heerenveen and Emmen.
Pedro Beda comes from Brazilian club Flamengo and signed a three-year deal with a possible two-year extension to play for Heerenveen. Pedro Beda made his Heerenveen Eredivisie debut in a September 2008 away match against NAC Breda. He was loaned to Emmen for part of the 2009–10 season.
Corinthians.
Beda returned to Brazil in 2010 to defend Corinthians.
Bahia.
He joined Série A club Bahia in 2011, but on June 1 of the same year, the club terminated his contract.
Rudar Prijedor.
In February 2014 Pedro Beda signed a contract with FK Rudar Prijedor.

</doc>
<doc id="19497137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497137" title="Wanda la peccatrice">
Wanda la peccatrice

Wanda la peccatrice ("The Shameless Sex") is a 1952 Italian film directed by Duilio Coletti. 

</doc>
<doc id="19497139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497139" title="Canoeing at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Men's K-2 1000 metres">
Canoeing at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Men's K-2 1000 metres

The men's K-2 1000 metres event was a pairs kayaking event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1976 Summer Olympics program.
Results.
Heats.
The 24 crews first raced in three heats on July 29. The top three finishers from each of the heats advanced directly to the semifinals. The remaining 15 teams were relegated to the repechage heats.
Borisov is listed as Borisov Konstantinov in the official report.
Repechages.
Taking place on July 29, the top three competitors in each of the three repechages advanced to the semifinals.
Semifinals.
The top three finishers in each of the three semifinals (raced on July 31) advanced to the final.
Final.
The final was held on July 31. 

</doc>
<doc id="19497149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497149" title="Bernard Okorowanta">
Bernard Okorowanta

Bernard Okorowanta (born December 11, 1986 in Lagos) is a Nigerian Midfielder who plays for Bayelsa United F.C..
Career.
He started his career with Union Bank F.C. then moved to top Israeli side Maccabi Tel Aviv.
Personal life.
Bernard is the younger brother of ex-international, Tarila Okorowanta. He derives inspiration from the person who bought him his first boots.

</doc>
<doc id="19497156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497156" title="East Germany at the 1984 Summer Paralympics">
East Germany at the 1984 Summer Paralympics

East Germany competed at the 1984 Summer Paralympics in Stoke Mandeville, England and New York, United States of America. The country's delegation consisted of four competitors, all of them track and field athletes.
This marked East Germany's first and only appearance at the Paralympic Games.

</doc>
<doc id="19497189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497189" title="The Gordie Foundation">
The Gordie Foundation

The Gordie Foundation is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization located in Dallas, Texas. The Foundation's mission is "to provide today's young people with the skills to navigate the dangers of alcohol, binge drinking, peer pressure and hazing." The Gordie Foundation was created in memory of 18 year-old Gordie Bailey who died on September 17, 2004 following a hazing incident involving alcohol in the Chi Psi fraternity house at the University of Colorado campus in Boulder, Colorado. Actress Robin Wright is the Honorary Spokesperson for The Gordie Foundation.
In the summer of 2010, the Gordie Foundation and the University of Virginia Center for Alcohol and Substance Education merged to form the Gordie Center for Substance Abuse Prevention. All operations that were previously under the Gordie Foundation are currently maintained through the Gordie Center.
Background.
On the evening of September 16, 2004, Lynn Gordon Bailey Jr. ("Gordie") and twenty-six other Chi Psi pledges dressed in coats and ties for "bid night" were taken blindfolded to the Arapaho Roosevelt National Forest where they were told to consume four 1.75 liter bottles of 80-proof Ten High Bourbon Whiskey and six 1.5 liter bottles of Carlo Rossi wine around a bonfire in 30 minutes. Older active fraternity men stated to the group that “no one is leaving here until these are gone.” When the group returned to the Fraternity house, Gordie was visibly intoxicated and did not drink any more. He was placed on a couch to “sleep it off” at approximately 11:00pm. Later in the evening, while Gordie was unconscious, his brothers used permanent markers to scrawl demeaning sayings and pictures on all parts of his body. Gordie was left alone for 10 hours before he was found dead the next morning, face down on the floor.
Litigation.
Following Gordie's death, his mother Leslie Lanahan brought legal action against the Alpha Psi Delta chapter of Chi Psi, located in Boulder, Colorado. Following four and a half years of negotiation, the two sides agreed to a settlement in March 2009. Among the terms, Chi Psi agreed that Gordie had indeed been hazed by brothers of the chapter on the evening of September 16, 2004. The national fraternity also agreed to use Gordie's story in all pledge education about hazing, as well as to require that all chapters, or "Alphas", recruit a live-in adult supervisor. In accordance with a request by Chi Psi, details of the financial portion of the settlement cannot be disclosed.
Biography.
Gordie was 18 years old when he died. One month earlier, he had enrolled as a freshman at the University of Colorado Leeds School of Business. In his four weeks at the University, Gordie had been named to the club lacrosse team and had become a pledge at Chi Psi Fraternity. Gordie went to Colorado after three years at Deerfield Academy in Deerfield, Massachusetts where he participated in athletics, music and drama. In his senior year he was co-captain of the varsity football team playing both middle linebacker and offensive guard. He also started at defense on the school’s New England championship lacrosse team.
While a senior, Gordie mentored younger students as a Proctor in an underclass dormitory. In his spare time, he and his fellow Proctors made humorous videos with their Proctees. Prior to attending Deerfield, Gordie attended St. Mark’s School of Texas in Dallas and The Lamplighter School, also in Dallas.
The GordieCheck.
Alcohol-related incidents claim the lives of over 1700 students annually. If someone is experiencing these symptoms, they may be suffering from an alcohol overdose and/or alcohol poisoning. The Gordie Foundation encourages you to "save a life" and "make the call" for help to prevent another senseless tragedy. "Friends Check Friends" - Never leave an intoxicated person alone to "sleep off" the effects of alcohol. The amount of alcohol it takes to pass out is dangerously close to the amount it takes to kill. Vomiting is a sign that your brain detects dangerous levels of alcohol in the bloodstream. Remember: drinking is not a competition. Large amounts of alcohol in a short amount of time can be deadly.
The Circle of Trust.
The Circle of Trust is a peer-to-peer education program run through The Gordie Foundation that includes over 150 chapters on college and high school campuses worldwide. The primary purpose of each chapter is to promote awareness by holding two events each academic year at every participating campus. With peers promoting healthy and responsible behavior to other peers, the messages are readily received by students.
The Circle of Trust operates on a simple hub-and-spoke model with each chapter having a designated “charter member” who is the leader and primary contact for the campus. These leaders coordinate with fellow Circle of Trust members on their campuses and around the country to schedule two annual events, one in the fall and one just before Spring Break. The Gordie Foundation provides each chapter with educational materials and resources to distribute and effectively utilize in their efforts.
"HAZE" the documentary.
The Gordie Foundation, with director Pete Schuermann, has produced both a full-length and a shortened, content edited documentary film entitled HAZE that explores the environment on today’s college campuses that leads to alcohol-related deaths like Gordie's. Highlighting many aspects of Gordie’s story, the film illuminates the heavily veiled and largely misunderstood realm of college binge and competitive drinking and hazing, and the continually mounting risks associated with such behavior. HAZE features graphic and disturbing scenes of the real-life consequences of alcohol abuse and acts of hazing perpetrated against young men and women by their peers. Psychologists, researchers, college student affairs personnel and students themselves offer valuable insights into the environment many college students and even high school students encounter during what are intended to be formative and enlightening years. What emerges is evidence of an unsettling trend toward recklessness and overindulgence which most students regard with ambivalence.
HAZE has been selected to be screened at several prestigious film festivals, including its premiere at the Hamptons International Film Festival. It has also been selected to be shown in 2009 at the Dallas International Film Festival. the Newport Beach Film Festival and the Indie Spirit Film Festival in Colorado Springs, Colorado. In 2011, it was shown at the Virginia Film Festival in Charlottesville, Virginia.
National GORDIEday.
National GORDIEday is held annually in the fall, with the fifth-annual event scheduled to take place on September 27, 2012 in conjunction with National Hazing Prevention Week events center on spreading awareness about the dangers of binge and competitive drinking, the warning signs of alcohol poisoning, and the inherent risks involved with hazing. Events include handing out awareness materials, posting flyers, screening the documentary HAZE and hosting speakers.

</doc>
<doc id="19497197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497197" title="Zawiyet Umm el-Rakham">
Zawiyet Umm el-Rakham

Zawiyet Umm el-Rakham (literally "the resthouse of the mother of vultures") is located on the North coast of Egypt 20 km to the west of Marsa Matruh, and about 300 km to the west of Alexandria
During the reign of Ramesses II, it was the location of a major fortress-town which probably marked the western extent of direct Egyptian influence.
It was discovered in 1948 and in the subsequent years was sporadically examined by Alan Rowe and Labib Habachi. Since 1994 extensive excavations have been undertaken at the site by a team from the University of Liverpool under the direction of Steven Snape. 

</doc>
<doc id="19497209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497209" title="Hīt">
Hīt

Hīt () is an Iraqi city in Al-Anbar province. Hīt lies northwest of Ramadi, the provincial capital.
On the Euphrates River, Hīt is a small walled town built on two mounds on the site of the ancient city of Is; bitumen wells in the vicinity have been utilized for at least 3,000 years and were used in the building of Babylon. Hīt is a marketplace for agricultural produce and oil pipelines to the Mediterranean Sea cross the Euphrates there. It was regarded as the head of navigation on the river before the decline in river traffic.

</doc>
<doc id="19497211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497211" title="All About Eve (Philippines TV series)">
All About Eve (Philippines TV series)

All About Eve was the Philippine drama adaptation of a Korean drama of the same name. The pilot episode premiered on March 9, 2009 on GMA Network replacing Luna Mystika. It starred Sunshine Dizon, Iza Calzado, Mark Anthony Fernandez, Alfred Vargas with Richard Gomez, Jean Garcia and Eula Valdez. The series ended on June 5, 2009 and was replaced by "Adik Sa'Yo". From June 27, 2011 until September 21, 2011 the series was re-aired on GMA Life TV worldwide.
Plot.
Katrina Alegre (Jean Garcia) is the best friend of Alma Bautista (Eula Valdez). Katrina was Frederico Gonzales's (Richard Gomez) first love but, Frederico's mother Dona Concepcion Gonzales (Celia Rodriguez) forced Frederico to marry Lisa Cortez (Ina Raymundo). While married to Lisa, Frederico fathers two daughters from his wife and from Katrina. Frederico gives Katrina a bracelet which was found one day in the same room where Lisa was found dead.
Katrina is imprisoned although she claims her innocence. Her daughter, Erika Alegre Reyes (Sunshine Dizon) is adopted by Mando Reyes (Ian de Leon). Alma marries Frederico. Warren Bautista (Alfred Vargas), Alma's son, lives at the same house where the Gonzales live. There, Warren and Nicole (Iza Calzado)'s attachment grows. 
Life changes radically for Nicole when Frederico decides to support Erika when Mando dies. He gave Erika a place to stay in his home, which is much richer than where she had originally lived. Erika envies Nicole for all she is and has, even Warren's love.
Soon after she steals Warren from Nicole, Erika puts her eyes on Nicole's new boyfriend, Kenneth Villareal (Mark Anthony Fernandez), the son of the MBS Network owner, who Nicole met during a trip to Singapore. She tries seducing him, but Kenneth's love for Nicole is stronger than Erika thought. Katrina is released from jail shortly after.

</doc>
<doc id="19497223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497223" title="Moravian Thaya">
Moravian Thaya

The Moravian Thaya (, ) is a river in the Czech Republic and in Austria, and a left tributary of the Thaya.
The Moravian Thaya originates about southeast of Třešť near the village of Stajiště. From there it flows southward through or near the communities of Bezděkov, Panenská Rozsíčka, Urbanov, Žatec, Dyjice, Radkov, Slaviboř, and Černíč in the Vysočina Region. Further south it passes the South Bohemian settlements of Velký Pěčín, Dačice, Toužín, Hradišťko, Vnorovice, Staré Hobzí, Janov, Nové Hobzí, Modletice, Nové Sady, and Písečné before crossing the border into Austria.
In Austria, it joins the German Thaya at the city of Raabs an der Thaya. From there, the unified Thaya river flows generally eastward and re-enters the Czech Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="19497235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497235" title="Tevfik Odabaşı">
Tevfik Odabaşı

Tevfik Odabasi(born November 20, 1981) is a freestyle wrestler from Turkey. He studied at Kırıkkale University.
He participated in Men's freestyle 60 kg at the 2004 Summer Olympics, where he was ranked on 15th place. In 2005, he won a silver medal at the Mediterranean Games in Almeria, Spain and another silver medal at the Summer Universiade in İzmir, Turkey. He also participated in Men's freestyle 60 kg at 2008 Summer Olympics losing in the 1/16 of final with Murad Ramazanov.

</doc>
<doc id="19497239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497239" title="Advanta Championships">
Advanta Championships

Advanta Championships may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19497253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497253" title="Family Snapshot">
Family Snapshot

"Family Snapshot" is a song written and performed by British musician Peter Gabriel, appearing on his third eponymous album. The song was inspired by "An Assassin's Diary", published in 1973 and written by Arthur Bremer, who attempted to assassinate George Wallace, a politician who supported racial segregation. Gabriel talked about the book in an authorized biography of him written by Spencer Bright and published (ISBN 0-283-99498-3) in 1988:
To clear up some confusion over whether this song is about the assassination of Wallace or Kennedy, Gabriel stated in the introduction to the song during his concert at the Paramount Theatre, Seattle, 10 August 1983, that the song is “partly taken from the writings of Arthur Bremer and The Diary of an Assassin and mixed with a few images of Dallas twenty years ago”
The musical transition reflects the progress and emotions throughout the story. It starts off as a slow, understated piece, where the killer goes through his plan. It transitions twice; first to full-blooded rock for the building suspense, as the target unwittingly comes closer to the assassin; and then back to a quiet, mournful climax as the shooter, having just shot his target, remembers his childhood loneliness and thirst for attention that led him to where he now is.
The recording features Gabriel's first use of the Yamaha CP-70 Electric Grand Piano. 

</doc>
<doc id="19497272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497272" title="Jerry Grant (composer)">
Jerry Grant (composer)

Jerry Grant composed music for films and television during the 1980s and 1990s.
Credits include The Secret World of Alex Mack TV series (1994), The Naked Truth (1992), Hired to Kill (1990), Ninja Academy (1988), Quantum Leap (10 episodes, 1989–1990), and Darkroom (1988).

</doc>
<doc id="19497277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497277" title="Blake (monologue)">
Blake (monologue)

Blake is a monologue by Elliot Hayes. It is based on the life of the English poet William Blake and infused with poetry from Blake’s Songs of Innocence and Experience. Performances include:

</doc>
<doc id="19497295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497295" title="Peter Berg Hestad">
Peter Berg Hestad

Peter Berg Hestad (born 7 September 1987) is a Norwegian footballer.
He has played for Molde FK in the Norwegian Premier League, and spent time on loan to Byåsen IL in 2007 and Kristiansund BK in 2008. After Molde he signed with lower-tier Elnesvågen og Omegn IL.
His father Stein Olav Hestad holds the club record for most first-team appearances of all-time, and his brother Daniel Berg Hestad and uncles Harry Hestad and Odd Berg also played many years at the club.
In 2007 he served time in prison for driving under the influence.

</doc>
<doc id="19497309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497309" title="Sysmind">
Sysmind

SysMind LLC is a multinational information technology services company headquartered in Princeton Junction, New Jersey. It is one of the fastest growing companies in North America. Its annual revenues for the fiscal year 2008 is expected to reach US$12 million.

</doc>
<doc id="19497321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497321" title="Liechtenstein at the 1992 Winter Paralympics">
Liechtenstein at the 1992 Winter Paralympics

Liechtenstein competed at the 1992 Winter Paralympics in Tignes-Albertville, France. The country's delegation consisted of a single competitor, alpine skier Josef Gmeiner. Gmeiner competed in two events and did not win any medals.

</doc>
<doc id="19497348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497348" title="List of Arizona Diamondbacks seasons">
List of Arizona Diamondbacks seasons

The Arizona Diamondbacks are a professional baseball team based in Phoenix, Arizona. The Diamondbacks are a member of both the Major League Baseball’s (MLB) National League Western Division and the National League (NL) itself. Since the 1998 season, the Diamondbacks have played in Chase Field (formerly named "Bank One Ballpark"). The name "Diamondback", inspired by the Western diamondback snake, was chosen among thousands of entries that were received from a contest to name the team.
Arizona made their Major League debut in the 1998 baseball season, where they were an expansion team. After losing their first season, the Diamondbacks were the National League West Division Champions in the 1999 baseball season and made it to the National League Division Series where they lost to the New York Mets. They rebounded in 2001, however, and defeated the New York Yankees four games to three to win the 2001 World Series. In the 2002 baseball season, Arizona made it back to the National League Division Series, but lost to the St. Louis Cardinals. In the following four seasons, the Diamondbacks didn't make it into the playoffs. Arizona would, however, win their division in 2007, but only to lose to the Colorado Rockies in the National League Championship Series. The following season, Arizona just missed the playoffs, after the National League West was won by the Los Angeles Dodgers.
Regular season results.
<onlyinclude>
These statistics are current as of 11/6/12. Bold denotes a playoff season, pennant or championship; "italics" denote an active season.
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="19497373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497373" title="Christian Michelsen (footballer)">
Christian Michelsen (footballer)

Christian Michelsen (born 14 March 1976) is a Norwegian former footballer who is assistant coach of Kristiansund BK.
He started his senior career in Clausenengen FK, then played for Stabæk in the Norwegian Premier League. From 1999 to 2003 he was capped 87 times in the Norwegian Premier League with Stabæk, scoring 12 goals. 11 goals was scored in the 2000 season. After the 2003 season he signed with Moss FK. He joined Kristiansund BK ahead of the 2008 season. He retired after the 2012 season, and became Geir Bakke's assistant coach at Kristiansund.
His brother Christopher Michelsen is also a footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="19497378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497378" title="Spencer Chandra Herbert">
Spencer Chandra Herbert

Spencer Chandra Herbert is a Canadian politician who was elected to the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia. Representing the British Columbia New Democratic Party, he won the October 29, 2008, by-election in the electoral district of Vancouver-Burrard. He was re-elected to the Legislature, this time in the newly created riding of Vancouver-West End in the May 13, 2009 general election. Chandra Herbert's BC NDP formed the Official Opposition in both the 38th and 39th Parliaments and he was assigned to be the party's critic on tourism, arts and culture. He has introduced several pieces of legislation as private members' bills, though none have been adopted. The "Long Term Tenants Protection Act", and his more comprehensive "Residential Tenancy Amendment Act", were meant to address evictions and high rent increases that were occurring in the West End. He also introduced the "Consumer Protection in Ticket Sales Act, 2009" which would have made ticket scalping illegal and the "Gender Identity and Expression Human Rights Recognition Act" which would have included gender identity and gender expression into the BC Human Rights Code as characteristic protected from discrimination. He entered the 38th Parliament at age 27, as its youngest Member of the Legislative Assembly (MLA) and remained the youngest throughout the 39th Parliament. 
Prior to becoming a MLA, he was elected to the Vancouver Parks Board. He served as a Parks Commissioner between 2005 and 2008 and was then a member of the Coalition of Progressive Electors. On the Parks Board he voted against removing the requirement for a referendum on an expansion of the Vancouver Aquarium but later voted in favour of the expansion. He advocate for bicycle valet service at large public events, investigating environmentally friendly means of disposing of animal waste, and implementing a zero-net-loss of greenspace policy.
He is openly gay and married his partner, Romi Chandra, in March 2010. Afterwards, he legally changed his name to Spencer Chandra Herbert. Both Spencer and Romi have been active supporting causes within the LGBT community. At the provincial level, Chandra Herbert has advocated for a community victim services worker in Davie Village, a specialized telephone line for people to call to report incidents involving gay-bashing or verbal and physical assaults, and for school boards to include LGBT issues, especially in anti-bullying lessons.
Background.
Born and raised in Vancouver, Herbert attended Prince of Wales Mini School and graduated from Simon Fraser University with a Bachelor of Fine Arts. He has worked in various jobs in the entertainment and culture industry, such as being a manager of a dance company, and a worker at the Roundhouse Community Centre. He worked as a producer of the United Nations World Urban Forum Arts and Culture Festival, and been involved with the Better Environmentally Sound Transportation, the B.C. Civil Liberties Association and the GLBT Centre. He has volunteered with Qmunity, the Coal Harbour Residents Association, the West End Residents Association, and the Save St. Paul's Coalition. In 2006, he won a City of Vancouver Youth Award in the "Youth 19 – 24" category.
In the November 2005 municipal elections, Herbert was a COPE nominee for the Vancouver Park Board. The 24 year old Hebert was one of two COPE nominees to be elected, with the NPA taking the five other seats. On the Board, Herbert resisted using the park funds to pay for Olympic-related projects. Herbert and fellow COPE board member Loretta Woodcock, resisted the Board decision to eliminate the culture and recreation committee by continuing the committee by themselves. Herbert voted with the board in opposing a proposal to bring animatronic dinosaurs to Stanley Park. Following the December 2006 windstorm that hit Stanley Park, Herbert held the first fundraiser assist rehabilitation and enlisted local wood-turners and wood-workers in salvaging trees. In response to homeless people camping in public parks, Herbert suggested that the city open regulated tent cities, which was quickly rejected by the mayor.
On the Vancouver Aquarium, Herbert voted against removing the policy requiring a referendum to approve an expansion but ultimately voted in favour of the $80-million expansion after the board agreed to distribute 23,000 free passes to low-income people. To address the loss of greenspace to new construction, he proposed a zero-net-loss of greenspace policy but it was rejected by the Board. The NPA-dominated Board also rejected Herbert's initiatives regarding investigating environmentally friendly means to dispose of dog feces at parks and to have a bicycle valet service at public events (like what was being done at Vancouver Canadians baseball games). Herbert was successful in having the board direct its food concessionaires to serve only seafood that was Ocean Wise endorsed, though he was alone in voting against extending concessionairy leases from one year to ten. In February 2008, the local newspaper "WestEnder" named Herbert Unsung Hero of Vancouver of the year.
Provincial politics.
38th Parliament.
After Lorne Mayencourt announced his resignation as MLA, Herbert announced in May 2008 that he would seek the NDP nomination to run in the by-election. Arthur Griffiths, the former owner of the Vancouver Canucks, announced he would run for the BC Liberals. While Griffiths was considered a star candidate, he lived in Point Grey, outside the riding. Herbert was still thought to be the favourite. The October 2008 by-election was also contested by Green Party candidate Drini Read, BC Conservative Ian McLeod, and Marijuana Party leader Marc Emery, but Herbert won with over 50% of the vote. Herbert, at the age of 27, joined the Legislative Assembly on November 20 during the fourth session of the 38th Parliament. He introduced his first bill on November 24, a private members' bill called the "Long Term Renters Protection Act, 2008" (Bill M-228). Herbert was active helping renters in the West End was experiencing high profile rises in rent, being approved by the Residential Tenancy Branch. The act sought stop these large rent increases by removing the ability of Residential Tenancy Branch to approve rent increases based on geographic area – BC was the only province in Canada that has this geographic component. The bill was only given first reading and was not adopted, but the rent increases were over-turned in court.
Herbert was assigned to be the opposition critic for arts and culture. In this role, he introduced another private members' bill, "Consumer Protection in Ticket Sales Act, 2009" (Bill M-202) on March 5, 2009, which would make scalping event admission tickets illegal. The bill was in response to a federal Competition Bureau to probe against Ticketmaster for price-gouging and a class-action lawsuit against Ticketmaster in which British Columbians were not allowed to join due to the lack of such a law. Like his previous bill it was only given first reading and not adopted.
39th Parliament.
In the May 2009 general provincial election, Herbert was again challenged by Green Party candidate Drini Read, as well as BC Liberal candidate and gay rights advocate Laura McDiarmid. Herbert was again expected to win, which he did again receiving over 50% of the vote, but his party again formed the Official Opposition to the BC Liberal's majority government. As the 39th Parliament began party leader Carole James kept Herbert as the critic of the Ministry of Tourism, Culture and the Arts. Herbert disapproved of absorption of industry-run Crown Corporation Tourism BC into the ministry. According to Herbert, the government took over Tourism BC in retaliation for speaking against the introduction of the Harmonized Sales Tax and so it could control messages and gain exposure during the Vancouver Winter Olympics. Herbert went on to criticize the council responsible for the transition of Tourism BC into the government as being dominated (eight of thirteen members) by BC Liberal financial donors. Herbert was also critical of the changes, which began in July 2009 and partially restored in March and September 2010, to provincial grant system which distributed proceeds from gambling to non-profit groups involved in arts, culture, sports, and education. Herbert illustrated the impact of the province-wide cuts by contrasting them with the cost overruns from both the Vancouver Convention Centre and the replacement of the BC Place stadium roof. 
In June 2010, he brought a motion forward in the legislative assembly to declare the pacific salmon as one of the symbols of British Columbia. In July, following the release of a study that identified BC as having the highest number of hate crimes in the country, he called upon the government to operate a telephone "bash line" where people can anonymously report incidents involving gay-bashing or verbal and physical assaults. Along with fellow NDP MLA Mable Elmore, he advocated for schools to teach equality for people who are lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender or questioning in schools. 
In March 2010, he married his long-time partner Romi Chandra and legally changed his name to Spencer Chandra Herbert.
During the second session of the 39th Parliament, Chandra Herbert re-introduced his Long Term Tenants Protection Act, 2010 (Bill M-209). In the third session he introduced a more comprehensive act, the Residential Tenancy Amendment Act, 2011 (Bill M-205), which included giving right of first refusal to existing residents during a strata conversion and giving existing residents the option of returning to renovated apartments at a rent increase no more than would otherwise be lawful. Later the same month he introduced the "Gender Identity and Expression Human Rights Recognition Act, 2011" (Bill M-207), which would have included gender identity and gender expression in the definition of sex in the BC Human Rights Code as characteristic protected from discrimination. As private member bills, they all received first reading but none were adopted.
Electoral history.
!align="right" colspan=3|Total Valid Votes
!align="right"|13,811
!align="right"|100
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="right" colspan=3|Total Rejected Ballots
!align="right"|26
!align="right"|0.2
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="right" colspan=3|Turnout
!align="right"|13,837
!align="right"|23
!align="right"|
!align="right"|

</doc>
<doc id="19497386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497386" title="Alexander Pusch">
Alexander Pusch

Alexander Pusch (born 15 May 1955 in Tauberbischofsheim, Baden-Württemberg) is a German fencer and Olympic champion in épée competition.
He won a gold medal in the individual épée event and a team silver medal at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal. He won a gold medal in the team épée in 1984, and a silver medal in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="19497391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497391" title="Junior Brown (footballer)">
Junior Brown (footballer)

Junior Brown (born 7 May 1989) is an English professional footballer who plays for Fleetwood Town.
Brown began his career at hometown club Crewe Alexandra, for whom he made a solitary appearance as substitute in a league match with Brighton on 2 February 2008.
In 2009 he joined Northwich Victoria and made the left full-back position his own, after the Vics problems off the field he signed for Fleetwood Town. He has been a success at the club and his form has led to Brown being called up to the England C squad to face Italy on 28 February 2012 at Fleetwood Town's Highbury stadium.

</doc>
<doc id="19497399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497399" title="The Scene Aesthetic">
The Scene Aesthetic

The Scene Aesthetic is an American two-piece acoustic/indie pop band based in Seattle, Washington, featuring Andrew de Torres of Danger Radio and Eric Bowley.
History.
The band gained recognition through MySpace after posting their first songs, specifically their popular first single, "Beauty in the Breakdown". They have been featured in the Wall Street Journal and Rolling Stone Magazine. They have toured throughout the United States with various acts such as Never Shout Never, Lydia, The Ready Set, Danger Radio, Stephen Jerzak, Anarbor. They toured the UK with Joe Brooks, and in fall of 2009, they toured with Owl City and Brooke Waggoner. They most recently toured with He is We and Carter Hulsey.
The Scene Aesthetic compiled their demo songs from MySpace onto their 2006 debut release, "Building Homes from What We've Known". Their self-titled second album, featuring generally the same track list with a few additional songs, was released in 2007.
Bowley served as an LDS missionary in Rosario, Argentina, and returned on December 20, 2008.
The Scene Aesthetic released a cover of Taylor Swift's "Love Story" in April 2009. On July 14, 2009, they released their EP entitled, "A Type & a Shadow", featuring six new songs including "Come What May"
Both de Torres and Bowley have been writing new material and plan to release a new record in 2010.It is set to be produced by Marshall Altman. "Walk This Town","Love Through Postcards", and "If You're A Bird" are three tracks expected to be on the new record. An update on their official website stated that they are now mixing the new album.
On June 8, The Scene Aesthetic announced the release of their first single from their upcoming album, "Brother". The track, entitled "Never Gonna Let This Go", was released on June 22. On July 4, 2010, The Scene Aesthetic uploaded a new version of the song "Humans" (which will be on the new album) on PureVolume. On October 19, 2010, The Scene Aesthetic premiered the track "If You're A Bird" via a link online. On October 26, 2010, The Scene Aesthetic will release another track entitled "Why Don't We Try". On November 2, 2010, their new album "Brother" was released independently.
In May 2011, The Scene Aesthetic released a deluxe edition of "Brother", which includes the "Sister EP", containing three new tracks ("Love Through Postcards", "Constant Motion", "Lost Life to Lead") as well as acoustic renditions of three tracks on "Brother" ("Walk This Town", "Never Gonna Let This Go", "If You're A Bird"). In August 2011, The Scene Aesthetic released a new single, entitled "Everybody", from their upcoming EP,"The Days Ahead". A music video for the new single was released in September. "The Days Ahead" was released on December 6, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19497424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497424" title="List of 16 Horsepower band members">
List of 16 Horsepower band members

The following is a complete chronology of the various line-ups of the alternative country music group Sixteen Horsepower. Sixteen Horsepower (briefly known simply as Horsepower) formed in 1992 in Los Angeles, California, prior to relocating to Denver, Colorado. 
Members listed in the third column were touring and/or live guest musicians during the period indicated.

</doc>
<doc id="19497451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497451" title="Paul Perri">
Paul Perri

Paul John Perri (born November 6, 1953) is an American-born Canadian-American film and television actor. Perri is best known for portraying Edwards and Skinless Parker in "", Harry Hume from "Chaos", and as Dr. Sidney Bloom from "Manhunter".
Background.
Perri and his wife, Michele Miner are the parents of Giacomo and Justine. Perri is the older brother of James Perri and younger brother of Ralph Perri and Catherine Perri. He was born in New Haven, Connecticut, U.S.A. in 1953. Paul Perri also has extensive theatre credits (USA) including Broadway, Off Broadway, and regional.

</doc>
<doc id="19497521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497521" title="Chemung County Courthouse Complex">
Chemung County Courthouse Complex

The Chemung County Courthouse Complex consists of four buildings built between 1836 and 1899. The oldest building, built in 1836, is the District Attorney's and Treasurer's Building. The centerpiece, the courthouse itself, was designed by Horatio Nelson White, and built in 1861-62. These were followed by the County Clerk's Office in 1875 and the addition of the Court House Annex in 1895. The complex was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="19497539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497539" title="Arnd Schmitt">
Arnd Schmitt

Arnd Schmitt (born 13 July 1965 in Heidenheim an der Brenz) is a German fencer and Olympic champion in the épée competition.
He won a gold medal in the individual épée and a team silver medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul. He received an Olympic gold medal in "épée team" in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="19497550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497550" title="Ian Simpemba">
Ian Simpemba

Ian Frederick Simpemba (born 28 March 1983) is an Irish footballer who plays for Eastbourne Borough as a defender. Simpemba played for Wycombe Wanderers in the Football League Second Division in the 2003–04 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19497564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497564" title="Württemberg C">
Württemberg C

The steam locomotives of the Württemberg Class C were built for the Royal Württemberg State Railways in the early 20th century and were Pacifics designed for hauling express trains. They were the smallest state railway "Länderbahn" locomotives with a 4-6-2 wheel arrangement.
History.
The 41 C class locomotives were built between 1909 and 1921 by Maschinenfabrik Esslingen. They were designed from the outset for the steep gradients in Württemberg and therefore had smaller driving wheels with only a 1,800 mm diameter. Despite being the smallest engines with a Pacific configuration, they were economical, yet at the same time very powerful. In all, 41 units of this class were manufactured. 
The appearance of the locomotives was relatively unusual at the time. Striking features included the outside subframe and the streamlined shape of the driver's cab and smokebox, resembling that of the Bavarian S 2/6 4-4-4 express locomotive and the later S 3/6 Pacifics. The locomotives were also known as "the beautiful Württemberg lass" ("die schöne Württembergerin") due to this unique form.
After the First World War, three engines were given to France where they became the État class 231 and one to Poland where it became the sole example of the Om101 class. The remaining 37 were taken over by the Deutsche Reichsbahn as DRG Class 18.1, where they were given the running numbers 18 101–137. They were even taken over by the Deutsche Bundesbahn, but retired by 1955. The last two examples were numbers 18 133 and 18 136, which were stabled in Ulm during their final years. 
The locomotives were equipped with wü 2'2' T 20 and wü 2'2' T30 tenders.
France.
The three locomotives surrendered to France, 2021, 2026 and 2027, were allocated to the Chemins de Fer de l'État, where they were numbered 231-997 to 231-999. They were used until 1937, when they were placed into store for use as steam generators. The SNCF allocated them the numbers 3-231.A.997 to 999, but the locomotives never carried these numbers. The three locomotives were destroyed in an air raid on 13 May 1944 and subsequently scrapped.
Models.
The German model railway manufacturer Märklin has produced models of the Wuttemburg C class as part of its HO and Z scale range in K.W.St.E green or grey as the C class, and in black as the DRG or DB 18.1 class.

</doc>
<doc id="19497580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497580" title="Johan Johannson (1967)">
Johan Johannson (1967)

Johan Johannson (born 1967) is a Norwegian businessperson who is among the wealthiest people in Norway.
The son of Knut Hartvig Johannson, he is an heir of the wholesaler company Joh. Johannson, established in 1866. Today, Joh. Johannson is a part of the NorgesGruppen corporation, where Johan Johannson has been a member of the board. In 2008, he was considered to be the third wealthiest person in Norway, with a fortune of NOK 18.5 billion, approximately 3.15 billion U.S. dollars.
He is known for keeping a low public profile.

</doc>
<doc id="19497585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497585" title="Mauritania at the 2004 Summer Paralympics">
Mauritania at the 2004 Summer Paralympics

Mauritania competed at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Greece. The country's delegation consisted of a single competitor, Ezzouha Edidal. Edidal competed in one track and field athletics event and did not win a medal.

</doc>
<doc id="19497586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497586" title="York High School (George)">
York High School (George)

York High School is a co-educational English Medium High School (Grade 8 to 12) for boarders and dayscholars in George, Western Cape, South Africa.
For many years the Southern Cape was served by dual-medium schools in George, Mossel Bay, Oudtshoorn and Knysna. There was a growing feeling that a purely English-medium school should be built and the Department of Education eventually agreed to this. Pioneers in the early days were Bob Cawood (Chairman of the Interim Committee) and Kenneth Smith (First School Committee Chairman). Active support came from the then Member of Parliament for George, Mr P W Botha, and in 1975 the York High School was built and one of the Outeniqua High School Hostels - the GJB Volschenk - was taken over by the new school. The school was started with classes from Std VI to VIII and the first Matrics wrote their final examinations in November 1977.
It was for many years the only English medium high school between Cape Town and Port Elizabeth. A state school, it was formerly a "Model C" school and was one of the first in the Cape Province to admit pupils of all races in the Apartheid era.
Now, years later, the school originally built for 300, houses approximately 875 learners. The Governing Body, in co-operation with the Department of Education, renovated the existing buildings in 1994 and built a new wing, comprising 12 new classrooms, change-rooms, Home Economics and Science laboratories and a lecture theatre which seats 200 learners. This was phase one of the projected plans.
York provides various sporting facilities, mainly hockey, during the 2008/2009 years York established a quality artificial turf facility, which can be considered as one of the best astro turf facilities in South Africa. York also boasts quality cricket fields, squash and tennis courts, as well as a suitable rugby field. York now has a very strong cricket and hockey group, a reason for their sporting success. York, however, is part of a local school movement which stipulates that these particular schools may only provide facilities for certain sports. This movement was apparently established in the apartheid era and therefore York High and many other schools in the Eden district do not provide facilities for soccer, despite continuous appeals by its own eager learners.
The school badge features the York Rose and the motto, "Take Root and Grow", a quote taken from the diary of an ancestor of the founding Headmaster, Mr Ron Dugmore.

</doc>
<doc id="19497598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497598" title="Star Theatre (Argyle, Wisconsin)">
Star Theatre (Argyle, Wisconsin)

Star Theatre, also known as Partridge Hall, is a building in Argyle, Wisconsin, in Lafayette County, Wisconsin, United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="19497599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497599" title="Gabon Forest Robin">
Gabon Forest Robin

The Gabon Forest Robin (Stiphrornis erythrothorax gabonensis) is a subspecies of the Forest Robin found at low levels of forests in Cameroon, Gabon and Bioko. In 1999 it was recommended that it should be treated as a separate species instead of a subspecies. IUCN and some other authorities do not recognize the split, and consequently it has not been rated as species separate from the Forest Robin. However, it has been described as frequent to locally abundant, and is therefore unlikely to qualify for a threatened category.

</doc>
<doc id="19497608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497608" title="Knut Hartvig Johannson">
Knut Hartvig Johannson

Knut Hartvig Johannson (born 1937) is a Norwegian businessperson.
He inherited the large wholesaler company Joh. Johannson, which was established in 1866, together with his brother Torbjørn. His son Johan Johannson was later brought in as owner. Today, Joh. Johannson is a part of the NorgesGruppen corporation, where Knut Hartvig Johannson is the chairman of the board.
He has a fortune of NOK 99 million, approximately 17.5 million U.S. dollars.

</doc>
<doc id="19497631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497631" title="Charles Abraham (bishop of Wellington)">
Charles Abraham (bishop of Wellington)

The Rt Rev Charles John Abraham DD (1814–1903) was the inaugural Bishop of Wellington. 
Born in 1814, the son of the late Captain Abraham, R.N., of Farnborough, Hants, he was educated at Eton and King’s College, Cambridge and was later a Fellow. He was admitted to the degree of B.A. in 1837, M.A. in 1840, B.D. in 1849, and received the degree of D.D. in 1859. He was ordained deacon in 1838, and priest in the following year. He was Assistant Master at Eton until 1850, when he went out to New Zealand to become Master of the English department of St. John's College, Auckland.
In 1853 he was appointed Archdeacon of Waitemata by George Augustus Selwyn, Bishop of New Zealand. The Bishop had for two or three years been offering to members of the Church of England a Church Constitution, under which they were to govern themselves; and during the two years which followed, while absent in England, he left Archdeacon Abraham to set out its principles. In 1857 a convention of churchmen was held in Auckland, which resulted in the framing of the Constitution now in force. In the following year Archdeacon Abraham, who had also been acting as chaplain to the Bishop, was consecrated first Bishop of Wellington by John Sumner, Archbishop of Canterbury and Bishops (Wilberforce) of Oxford and (Lonsdale) of Lichfield. When the Maori war broke out by reason of the purchase by the Government of the Waitara block, Bishop Abraham presented a protest to the Governor, claiming for the Maoris as British subjects the right to be heard in the Supreme Court.
In 1870 he resigned his see, and, returning to England, was made coadjutor bishopto Dr. Selwyn, then Bishop of Lichfield. This office he held until the death of Bishop Selwyn, in 1878. From 1872 to 1876 he was Prebendary of Bobenhall in Lichfield Cathedral, and in 1875-6 was rector of Tattenhill, Staffordshire. Since 1876 he has been Canon and Precentor of Lichfield Cathedral.
He married in 1850 Caroline Harriet, daughter of Sir Charles Thomas Palmer, Bart., of Wanlip Hall, Leicestershire, and cousin of the wife of Bishop Selwyn. She died in 1877. Bishop Abraham is the author of "Festival and Lenten Lectures in St. George's Chapel, Windsor," 1848-9 (Parker), and other works. He died on 4 February 1903. His son and grandson were also bishops.

</doc>
<doc id="19497642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497642" title="Adobe Content Server">
Adobe Content Server

Adobe Content Server is software developed by Adobe Systems to add digital rights management to e-books. It is designed to "protect" and distribute Adobe e-books in PDF or EPUB format through Adobe Digital Editions, or applications and devices developed using Adobe's Adobe Reader Mobile SDK, covering a wide range of tablets, smartphones, and dedicated devices. Adobe Content Server also works in conjunction with Adobe Digital Experience Protection Technology (ADEPT), Adobe's digital rights management scheme.

</doc>
<doc id="19497644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497644" title="Ebisuminami, Shibuya">
Ebisuminami, Shibuya

, built in 1975, in front of Ebisu Station's west exit is a landmark of the Ward of Shibuya.
The beverage company is headquartered in Ebisu Minami 2-chōme.
Ward parks.
Parks include:

</doc>
<doc id="19497646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497646" title="Justin Sandy">
Justin Sandy

Justin Michael Sandy (born February 22, 1982 in Wayne, Nebraska) is an American football safety who is currently a free agent. He was signed by the Tennessee Titans as an undrafted free agent in 2004. He played college football at Northern Iowa.
Early years.
Sandy attended East (Sioux City, Iowa) High School where he made 58 receptions for 957 yards and 28 touchdowns.
College career.
Sandy played college football for the Northern Iowa. He played in 47 games and made 192 tackles and seven interceptions. He majored in business management.
Professional career.
Tennessee Titans.
Sandy was originally signed by the Tennessee Titans as an undrafted rookie free agent on April 28, 2004. After spending some time on the practice squad he was activated to the active roster and made his NFL debut at the Jacksonville Jaguars on November 21. In 2005, his second season for the Titans, he played in three games and started his first NFL game versus the Baltimore Ravens on September 21. He finished the season with two tackles.
Cleveland Browns.
After being waived by the Titans, Sandy was picked up by the Cleveland Browns but was only a member of the practice and did not compete in any regular season action both in 2006 and 2007. He was waived on July 21, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19497663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497663" title="Eastern Forest Robin">
Eastern Forest Robin

The Eastern Forest Robin (Stiphrornis erythrothorax xanthogaster) is a subspecies of the Forest Robin found at low levels in forests from Cameroon and Gabon to DR Congo and Uganda. In 1999 it was recommended that it should be treated as a separate species instead of a subspecies. IUCN and some other authorities do not recognize the split, and consequently it has not been rated as species separate from "S. erythrothorax". However, it has been described as frequent to locally abundant, and is therefore unlikely to qualify for a threatened category.

</doc>
<doc id="19497664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497664" title="Aleksandr Beketov">
Aleksandr Beketov

Aleksandr Beketov (born 14 March 1970) is a Russian fencer and Olympic champion in the épée competition.
He won a gold medal in the épée individual and a team silver medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta.

</doc>
<doc id="19497698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497698" title="Specchiolla">
Specchiolla

Specchiolla is an Italian resort on the Adriatic sea. It is a "frazione" of the city of Carovigno and near the city of San Vito dei Normanni, located it the southern part of the region of Apulia, in the province of Brindisi. 
Geography.
Specchiolla is located on the Salento peninsula, on the Adriatic coast.
Its distances from its surrounding cities are:
History.
In the past, Specchiolla belonged to the city of San Vito dei Normanni. Because the local nobility was known to engage in gambling activities, legend narrates that the Prince of San Vito dei Normanni lost Specchiolla in a wager with his cousin, Prince of the neighboring city of Carovigno. Because Sanvitesi are the most numerous vacationers in Specchiolla, they reproach their rival neighbors of Carovigno for their insufficient attention to the conservation of this resort.

</doc>
<doc id="19497700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497700" title="Wrestling at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 82 kg">
Wrestling at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 82 kg

The Men's Freestyle 82 kg at the 1976 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Maurice Richard Arena.
Tournament results.
The competition used a form of negative points tournament, with negative points given for any result short of a fall. Accumulation of 6 negative points eliminated the loser wrestler. When only three wrestlers remain, a special final round is used to determine the order of the medals.
Final.
Results from the preliminary round are carried forward into the final (shown in yellow).

</doc>
<doc id="19497748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497748" title="Nicaragua at the 2004 Summer Paralympics">
Nicaragua at the 2004 Summer Paralympics

Nicaragua competed at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Greece. The country's delegation consisted of a single competitor, Mario Madriz. Madriz competed in two track and field athletics events and did not win any medals.

</doc>
<doc id="19497752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497752" title="Frank Hardcastle">
Frank Hardcastle

Frank Hardcastle (12 May 1844 - 6 November 1908) was a British bleacher and businessman and Conservative politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1885 to 1892.
Hardcastle was born at Firwood Hall, Tonge, near Bolton, Lancashire (demolished 1969), and was the fourth son of James Hardcastle of Firwood and Pen-y-lan, Ruabon, Denbighshire and Hannah Compton Jackson. Following education at Preston Grammar School and Repton School where he excelled at cricket, Hardcastle joined the family business of T Hardcastle and Sons, bleachers and dyers, of Firwood Works. The company had been formed by his grandfather Thomas Hardcastle in 1803. Hardcastle played cricket regularly from 1864 representing Manchester, Bolton and the Gentlemen of Lancashire. In 1869 he played two first-class matches for Lancashire. 
Hardcastle rose to be head of the family bleaching firm and also became president of the United Bleachers Association of Lancashire and Cheshire. His cousin Thomas Hardcastle Sykes was head of one of the other major bleachers. Hardcastle was also the proprietor of Breightmet Colliery near Bolton.
Hardcastle was the first member of parliament for Westhoughton, a constituency created by the Redistribution of Seats Act 1885. He was re-elected unopposed in the ensuing general election of 1886. While in parliament, Hardcastle represented the interests of the bleaching industry. He retired from parliament on health grounds in 1892. He was a justice of the peace for Lancashire, and was High Sheriff of Lancashire in 1895.
Hardcastle moved from Lancashire to Southsea in Hampshire, and finally to London. He died suddenly from heart failure at his residence, 87 Lancaster Gate, Paddington, in 1908, aged 64.
Hardcastle married Ida Ross in 1885, and they had five daughters before her death in 1894. In 1902 he married again. His second wife was Mary Elizabeth Armytage Moore (c1845-1932), previously Mary Elizabeth Lockwood, née Mary Elizabeth Metcalfe (she had been twice widowed, her previous marriages being to (1) Horace Day Lockwood, son of Henry Francis Lockwood, and then to (2) William Armitage Moore), whom he married at St Margaret, Westminster on 10 June 1902. One of her daughters, Priscilla Armytage-Moore, became Priscilla, Countess of Annesley (see Hugh Annesley, 5th Earl Annesley).

</doc>
<doc id="19497756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497756" title="Bjørn Ole Gleditsch">
Bjørn Ole Gleditsch

Bjørn Ole Gleditsch (born 13 January 1963) is a Norwegian businessperson and politician for the Conservative Party.
Since 2003 he is the mayor of Sandefjord. Before this he served several terms in the municipal council.
Gleditsch is the richest mayor of any municipality of Norway. The grandson of Ole Gleditsch, he is an heir of the paint company Jotun. Through shareholding, he has a fortune of NOK 480 million, approximately 86.9 million U.S. dollars.
He is also a member of the board of Sandefjord Airport, Torp.

</doc>
<doc id="19497761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497761" title="Renault Monaquatre">
Renault Monaquatre

The Monaquatre (Type UY1) was a small family car or compact automobile assembled by Renault between 1931 and 1936. It used a conventional front engine / rear wheel drive configuration and was powered by a four-cylinder water-cooled engine.
Details and Evolutions.
Launched in October 1931, the Monaquatre was similar in design to Renault Primaquatre mid-size car with which it shared its wheelbase.
At the 1932 Paris Motor Show the new Type YN1 version appeared, the engine size increased from 1289 cc to 1463 cc.
In October 1933 the type YN2 appeared at the Paris Motor Show, featuring a redesigned bonnet / hood, the angle of the radiator grill being now a little more raked. The YN2 was a transitional model, the manufacturer having already decided to fit "aérodynamique" bodies with fashionably sloping tails replacing the very vertical rear ends of the existing cars. By this time the Monaquatre was offered with a choice from from seven different body types, including 4-door Berlines with four or six side windows and, at the top in terms of price, a 2-seater cabriolet.
The YN2 was produced for only three months before the new more aerodynamic Type YN3 appeared at the start of 1934, initially with just two body styles from which to choose.
In September 1935 the production of the final version, the Type YN4, ceased like models 1936 Type YN4. The Monaquatre was replaced by the Renault Celtaquatre.

</doc>
<doc id="19497798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497798" title="John Hargrave (disambiguation)">
John Hargrave (disambiguation)

John Hargrave may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19497808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497808" title="Chek Whyte">
Chek Whyte

Chek Whyte (born Anthony Beardsley on 14 May 1964) is a British property developer and businessman, living in Nottinghamshire.
Career.
Anthony Beardsley was born on 14 May 1964. He attended Bennerley School in Ilkeston and lived at 32 Beresford Drive in Cotmanhay, until he was 15 years old. At 16 he started work on a Youth Training Scheme as an asphalter and lived in Ilkeston. Aged 22, he started his own business as a groundworker, but struggled, as he was dyslexic, colour blind, and could hardly read or write. Within 18 months he was employing 300 staff, but the company he worked for didn't pay him, which sent him bankrupt. This happened again later on in his early career.
In 2002 he became a Christian and built the Trent Vineyard Church's building in Lenton Lane, Nottingham. He restored and redeveloped Bunny Hall from 2002 (his family home, which was put up for sale in October 2009), Colwick Hall in 2003, and Clifton Hall in 2006. In 2006-8 he restored Lenton Lodge, a Gatehouse to Wollaton Hall, which then became the offices of Global Fire Systems Ltd. In 2007 he purchased Stanford Hall through his company Chek Whyte Industries, with plans to build a £60m retirement village within the grounds.
In 2007 Whyte appeared on TV's "Secret Millionaire" during Season 2, in which he visited Salford, where he contributed to a number of good causes.
He became the majority shareholder of Ilkeston Town F.C. in the summer of 2008 after buying the club for £1 following the death of Paul Millership. In the summer of 2009 he transferred the shares to his young son following his bankruptcy and on 26 March 2010, Ilkeston Town were taken over by Gary Hodder, meaning Chek Whyte was no longer involved with the club.
Whyte was at one point a multi-millionaire, making his money in the construction industry. However he was declared bankrupt in September 2009, with over £30m in debt.
Bankruptcy (2009).
On 10 July 2009 both the Nottingham Evening Post and the Derby Evening Telegraph reported that Whyte was £30m in debt. He applied for an Individual Voluntary Arrangement, seeking to renegotiate his debt and promising that he would repay all his creditors in full. However on 2 September 2009, he was declared bankrupt in a Manchester court, following a petition by one of his unpaid suppliers. 
This was not his first bankruptcy; he stated in 2008 that ""I'm really known now for buying companies in receivership. I went bankrupt years ago. I've gone through the treadmill. I know what happened there. As long as you learn from your mistakes you move forward"."

</doc>
<doc id="19497810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497810" title="Utopia College">
Utopia College

Utopia College was a two-year college Eureka, Kansas that granted certificates but not diplomas. It was established in 1946 by Roger Babson with the intent to bring practical business instruction to other parts of the United States. Graduates were invited to complete their baccalaureate degrees at Babson College. The name was changed in 1955 to Midwest Institute of Business Administration. Due to declining enrollment, the school closed in permanently in 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="19497814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497814" title="Nevada Historical Markers">
Nevada Historical Markers

Nevada Historical Markers identify significant places of interest in Nevada's history. The Historic Marker Program was initiated by the Nevada State Legislature in 1967 to bring the state's heritage to the public's attention with on-site markers. Because of budget cuts the program became dormant in 2009. 

</doc>
<doc id="19497824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497824" title="Cool Spring, South Carolina">
Cool Spring, South Carolina

Cool Spring is a small unincorporated community in Horry County, South Carolina. Cool Spring lies approximately twelve miles north of Conway and about four miles southeast of Aynor on South Carolina Highway 319. It is a historic community known for its small spring. It was referred to by local residents many years ago as the cool springs.

</doc>
<doc id="19497856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497856" title="Gerald Bard Tjoflat">
Gerald Bard Tjoflat

Gerald Bard Tjoflat (born December 6, 1929) is an American lawyer and federal judge.
Tjoflat was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He served in the United States Army from 1953 to 1955, attaining the rank of corporal. Tjoflat earned his LL.B. from Duke University School of Law in 1957. He was in private practice in Jacksonville, Florida from 1957 to 1968 and served as a judge of the Fourth Judicial Circuit of Florida in Jacksonville from 1968 to 1970. 
President Richard M. Nixon nominated Tjoflat to the United States District Court for the Middle District of Florida on October 7, 1970, to a new seat created by 84 Stat. 294. Confirmed by the Senate on October 13, 1970, he received commission three days later. 
President Gerald Ford nominated Tjoflat to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit on November 3, 1975, to a seat vacated by John Milton Bryan Simpson. Confirmed by the Senate on November 20, 1975, he received his commission the next day and began serving on the court on December 12, 1975. Tjoflat was reassigned to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit on October 1, 1981, when that court was established. He served as chief judge from 1989 to 1996. 
He is currently the longest serving federal appeals court judge still in active service, having chosen not to assume senior status despite eligibility. 
Timothy J. Corrigan, a judge of the United States District Court for the Middle District of Florida, served as a law clerk to Judge Tjoflat from 1981 to 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="19497900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497900" title="More Stars">
More Stars

"More Stars" a.k.a. "Stars on 45 Vol. 2" was a song issued in 1981 by the Dutch studio group Stars on 45, in the UK credited to 'Starsound'. It was the follow-up to the US and Dutch #1 and UK #2 single "Stars on 45" (released under its full 41-word title but generally simply known as "Stars on 45 Medley"). "More Stars" was later included on the band's second album "Longplay Album - Volume II" (US title: "Stars on Longplay II", UK title: "Stars On 45 - The Album - Volume 2"). 
The "More Stars" medley featured eight hits by Swedish group ABBA, seven of which already had been UK Top 10 hits; "Voulez-Vous" (#3, 1979) "S.O.S." (#6, 1975), "Money, Money, Money" (#3, 1976), "Fernando" (#1, 1976), "Knowing Me, Knowing You" (#1, 1977), "The Winner Takes It All" (#1, 1980) and "Super Trouper" (#1, 1980). The eighth title chosen for the medley was somewhat surprisingly "Bang-A-Boomerang", one of ABBA's lesser known tracks and indeed only released as a single in one country; France. The eight minute plus album version of the ABBA medley which remains unreleased on CD added another seven titles; "Dum Dum Diddle", "Lay All Your Love on Me", "On and On and On", "Super Trouper" (reprise), "Summer Night City", "Gimme! Gimme! Gimme! (A Man After Midnight)" and "Stars On 45 (2)" (reprise).
The near twelve-minute 12" mix of "More Stars" started with another, notably different medley, mainly featuring American 60s and 70s hits from the soul, R&B and folk rock genres by among others The Temptations, Smokey Robinson & The Miracles, Four Tops, The Supremes, The Mamas & the Papas, Neil Diamond and Simon & Garfunkel. This medley was later also included on the "Longplay Album - Volume II" in slightly re-edited form preceding the "Supremes Medley" on that album.
"More Stars" became Stars on 45/Starsound's second single to peak at #2 on the UK charts and indeed a Top 10 single in most parts of Europe. In the US, where ABBA's popularity wasn't on the same scale as in Europe, Radio Records instead chose an edit of the first part of the 12" mix, starting with "Papa Was A Rolling Stone" as a single, and released it as the follow-up to the second Beatles medley "Stars on 45 Medley 2", but under the same title; "More Stars" (#55, "Billboard"'s Hot 100)
Track listing 7" single.
Side A.
"More Stars" (7" Mix) - 4:42
"All tracks written by Benny Andersson and Björn Ulvaeus unless otherwise noted" 
Side B.
"'45 Stars Get Ready" (7" Mix) (Eggermont, Duiser) - 3:08
Track listing 12" single.
Side A.
"More Stars" (12" Mix) - 11:53
Side B.
"'45 Stars Get Ready" (12" Mix) (Eggermont, Duiser) - 4:02

</doc>
<doc id="19497918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497918" title="Dolan people">
Dolan people

Dolan (Uyghur: دولان, Simplified Chinese: 刀朗, or 多朗) refers to a people or region of what is now Xinjiang Province, China. People who call themselves Dolan can be found in the Yarkand River valley, the Tarim River valley and the Lop Nur region of present-day Xinjiang. Though modern Dolan people now speak the vernacular dialect (usually Uyghur), the term refer to an earlier culture and civilization in the region. The history of this people is little known. Some scholars and travelers believed the Dolan of the Yarkand River valley to be a Kyrgyz or Kazakh group that settled in the area during the Qing Dynasty. This belief was based on their noticeably different physiognomy and language, and their semi-nomadic lifestyles.
Some of the aspects of Dolan culture that remain to the present day include the unique style of music and dance. The music is performed with chants, plucked and bowed string instruments, and drums. This music is now grouped into a category of Uyghur Muqam music, although the instruments and musical characteristics are very different from the Uyghur 12 Muqam.
The plucked-string instruments used to perform Dolan Muqam or Dolan Meshrep are different from their counterparts in Uyghur folk music, and usually contain a large set of sympathetic strings that resonate with certain key tones, similar to the lutes and fiddles of India and the near east.

</doc>
<doc id="19497947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497947" title="Stanley Horwood">
Stanley Horwood

Stanley Ebden Horwood (22 July 1877 – 15 August 1959) was a South African first class cricketer. Born in Port Elizabeth, he played 22 matches for Western Province cricket team, scoring 484 runs at 14.23.

</doc>
<doc id="19497973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497973" title="Rui Costa (cyclist)">
Rui Costa (cyclist)

Rui Alberto Faria da Costa (born 5 October 1986) is a Portuguese professional road bicycle racer, who currently rides for UCI ProTeam . He is best known for winning the 2013 UCI Road World Championships in Tuscany, Italy, as well as the 2012 and 2013 editions of the Tour de Suisse, the 2011 Grand Prix Cycliste de Montréal and three stages of the Tour de France in 2011 and 2013.
Early life and amateur career.
Born in Póvoa de Varzim, Costa started his career at Guilhabreu, a civil parish of Vila do Conde, then went to Santa Maria da Feira.
Professional career.
2007–2011: Early years.
Costa became a professional cyclist at SL Benfica in 2007, and switched to in 2009.
In 2009, Costa won the Four Days of Dunkirk followed a stage 8 win in the 2010 Tour de Suisse. At the Portuguese national championships in June 2010 Costa and his brother Mario tested positive for the banned substance methylhexanamine, which they claimed to have ingested inadvertently due to a tainted food supplement. Further testing proved that to be the case, and he re-signed with his former team, now known as , in April 2011 after five months of suspension.
2011.
In 2011, Costa performed well in the Vuelta a la Comunidad de Madrid: after second places at the first and third stage, he won the overall classification. Later that season, Costa rode away solo to win stage 8 of the 2011 Tour de France.
Following his previous successes, Costa won the Grand Prix Cycliste de Montréal, sprinting away from a late breakaway. He beat breakaway companion Pierrick Fedrigo. Both were chased by Philippe Gilbert, who made a late counter-attack, but came two seconds short.
2012.
In 2012, Costa finished third in the General classification of the Tour of Romandie. He won stage 2 in the Tour de Suisse, took the race's lead and successfully defended the yellow jersey through the Tour. He hung on to his 14 seconds overall lead over second-placed Frank Schleck in the last stage, where the Luxembourger attacked on the slopes of the Glaubenberg Pass. Schleck crested the climb with an advantage of a minute over Costa, but was reeled back in along the descent by the small group containing the Portuguese rider. The pair finished the stage with the same time. He said after the important win: ""I want to dedicate this to the team, because my teammates worked magnificently all week. I have no words to describe it."" Costa headed to the Tour de France, slated to ride in support of his leader Alejandro Valverde, but crashes and incidents plagued Valverde, who still managed to grab a stage win and finished 20th overall. Costa placed higher than his captain in the general classification at 18th. He then participated to the GP Ouest-France, where he settled for second place of the French classic. He escaped on the ultimate climb of the day with to go, but 's Edvald Boasson Hagen passed him in the final kilometer, and Costa protected his second place as the surging peloton crossed the finish line on his heels. In September, he headed to the Canadian province of Québec to take part in the two World Tour races held there. He took the third step of the podium in the Grand Prix Cycliste de Québec, winning the sprint of a group of 16 riders in hot pursuit of the two escapees, Simon Gerrans and Greg Van Avermaet, who finished four seconds ahead of Costa. Two days later, he aimed at defending his title in the Grand Prix Cycliste de Montréal, but finished eighth, once again with a 4 second deficit over the winner, Lars Petter Nordhaug. He concluded his season in China at the Tour of Beijing, scoring another "top ten" overall placing with ninth.
2013.
In 2013, Costa started the year by winning the Klasika Primavera and finishing third in the Tour de Romandie where he had aimed to defend his Tour de Suisse. He later successfully defended his title after winning stage seven, and then taking the yellow jersey from Mathias Frank after winning the ultimate stage, a hill climb time trial. In the Tour de France, Costa left the Pyrenees inside the top ten. On stage 13, Costa lost close to ten minutes after going back to try and help his team leader, Valverde, who flatted. On stage 16, Costa ended up on a breakaway where he attacked in the last climb of the day, the Col de Manse before the final downhill to a solo finish in Gap. He was also awarded the combativity prize of that stage. A few days later, Costa won stage 19 after escaping from the lead group on the Col de la Croix Fry, he ended up with another solo finish in Le Grand-Bornand.
Costa won the elite men's race at the 2013 UCI Road World Championships in Tuscany, Italy, becoming the first Portuguese rider to wear the rainbow jersey. After the race Costa said: ""After the tour, the goal was to reach the World Cup in the best possible conditions and make a good race. But I never thought I could win a race as important as this. It means everything to me. It is the reward for a lifetime of effort and hard work.""
Costa left the at the end of the 2013 season, and joined for the 2014 season.
Palmarès.
Grand Tour general classification results timeline
World Championships
WD = Withdrew; In Progress = IP

</doc>
<doc id="19497991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497991" title="Kamel Al-Mousa">
Kamel Al-Mousa

Kamel Al Mousa [كامل الموسى in Arabic] (born 29 August 1982) is a Saudi football player. He currently plays for Al Ahli.
Career.
Kamel moved from the Al-Wahda to Al-Hilal under the loan to the end of the season in 2006 and remained with his unit to 2010 and moved to Al-Ahli. Optimistic number 99 plays Defender. Kamel have brothers Ahmed of the Brotherhood has remained beside him in the Al-Fateh club and Moataz the same club with him in the Al-Ahli and Redwan who play Al-Shoalah club.
International career.
he played for Saudi Arabia national football team as in AFC Asian Cup 2007 and AFC Asian Cup 2011

</doc>
<doc id="19497994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19497994" title="Y Sigue La Mata Dando">
Y Sigue La Mata Dando

Y Sigue La Mata Dando (Eng.: "And We Keep Doing It") is the title of a studio album released by duranguense ensemble Grupo Montéz de Durango. This album became their second number-one set on the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums. A special edition was also released including a DVD with music videos and karaoke versions of the songs included, along with biography, discography and photo gallery of the group.
Tracklisting.
The information from Billboard and Allmusic.
Personnel.
This information from Allmusic.

</doc>
<doc id="19498005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498005" title="Mohammed ibn Nasir">
Mohammed ibn Nasir

Sidi Mohammed ibn Nasir or Mohammed ibn Mohammed ibn Ahmed ibn Mohammed ibn al-Hussayn ibn Nasir ibn Amr abu Bakr al-Drawi al-Aghlabi (1603–1674) was a Moroccan Sufi and founder of the Nasiriyya zawiyya of Tamegroute. Sidi Muhammad bin Nasir was a theologian, scholar and physician, especially interested in mental disorders. He wrote several works of fikh, some poetry, and hundreds of letters and treatises on Islamic law. He followed and extended the teachings of Shadhili and under his leadership the Nasiriyya became the 'mother zawiya' of sufi islam in the Maghreb with several branches in different parts of the country, including the zawiya of Irazan in the Sous valley where 500 students were financed by the brotherhood. The scholar Al-Yusi was one of his students and praised him in a well-known poem.

</doc>
<doc id="19498024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498024" title="List of forts in Mumbai">
List of forts in Mumbai

The following is a list of forts in Mumbai.
Timeline.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="19498025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498025" title="Gandharva Mahavidyalaya">
Gandharva Mahavidyalaya

Akhil Bharatiya Gandharva Mahavidyalaya is an institution established in 1939 to popularize Indian classical music and dance. The Mahavidyalaya (school) came into being to perpetuate the memory of Pandit Vishnu Digamber Paluskar, the great reviver of Hindustani classical music, and to keep up the ideals set down by him. The first Gandharva Mahavidyalaya was established by him on 5 May 1901 at Lahore. The institution was relocated to Mumbai after 1947 and has subsequently established its administrative office at Miraj, Sangli District, Maharashtra
History.
Gandharva Mahavidyalaya, New Delhi was established in 1939 by Pandit Vinaychandra Maudgalaya, disciple of Pandit Vinayakrao Patwardhan, an exponent from Gwalior Gharana. Today it is the oldest music school in Delhi and is headed by his son and a noted Hindustani classical singer, Pandit Madhup Mudgal.
Courses.
The institution imparts theoretical and practical training in the following branches of music and dance - 
(1) Hindustani Music: Vocal
(2) Hindustani Music Instrumental: Sitar, Bansuri (Lateral bamboo flute), Tabla, Harmonium and Violin
(3) Indian Classical Dance: Kathak, Bharatanatyam and Odissi
The courses of study followed by the Mahavidyalaya are those approved by the Akhil Bharatiya Gandharva Mahavidyalaya Mandal (ABGMV Mandal).It has nearly 1200 affiliated institutions and 800 Exam Centers across India. In 2007, the number of students enrolled exceeded 100,000, for the
Branches.
Gandharva Mahavidyalaya, New Delhi was established in 1939 by Padma Shri Pt. Vinaychandra Maudgalaya from the Gwalior gharana and his younger brother Pt. Vipinchandra Maudgalya. They were assisted by their younger brother Sh. Pramod Mudgal who is member of the Akhil Bhartiya Gandharva mahavidyalaya advisory board. It was Initially established in Prem House, Connaught Place, New Delhi and also branched out in old Delhi at Kamla Nagar near Delhi University. This was headed by Pt. Vipin Chandra Maudgalya, and was functioning as Delhi branch of Gandharva Mahavidyalaya till 2003. In 1972 The new building in Deen dayal Upadhyaya Marg was estabalished and it now headed by Pt. Vinay Chandra Maudgalaya's son Pt. Madhup Mudgal since 1995. It has over 1,200 students and a faculty of 60 teachers. The Kamla Nagar branch now runs as an independent Institution called 'Chaturang Sangeet Sansthan' Affiliated to Akhil Bhartiya Gandharva Mahavidyalaya, Miraj and it's been run forward by Sh. Anupam Mudgal and smt. Indu Mudgal. Gandharva Mahavidyalaya has also been organizing the annual "Vishnu Digamber Festival" in Delhi, for many years now. There is no branch of Gandharva Mahavidyalaya, New Delhi elsewhere in Delhi. It is affiliated to Akhil Bhartiya Gandharva Mahavidyalaya, Miraj.
The Mahavidyalaya is guided by a Music Advisory Board composed of top ranking learned and veteran musicians of India.
Admission.
The following Certificates / Diplomas of ABGMM are awarded to the successful students - 
(1) "Sangeet Praveshika" (2 years course) i.e., equivalent to matriculation
i.e., equivalent to senior secondary
(3) "Sangeet Visharad" (3 years course) i.e., equivalent to Bachelor of Music - Graduate Standard
(4) "Sangeet Alankar" (2 years course) i.e., equivalent to Masters of Music - Post-Graduate Standard
Admission to Gandharva Mahavidyalaya is open to persons of all ages, castes, creeds and religions. Male and female students are trained separately.
There is one session in a year - in July. Applicants are required to undergo a Music Syllabuspreliminary test. Only those who clear this test are granted admission.
Orissa, Kendujhar
Sangeet Mahavidyalaya, Collectorate Cultural Club, Near Pvt. Bus Stand, Po-Keonjhargahr, Dist-Keonjhar - 758001, Orissa
Courses : From Praramvit to Alankar, 
Classes : Saturday and Sunday
Affiliated under Akhila Bharatiya Gandahrva Mahavidyalaya Mandal, Miraj Mumbai
Syllabus.
Official Music Syllabus is available at Gandharva Mandal Website Information Page
1. Prarambhik ( Elementary): Pre-matric. Knowledge of Shudha Swaras, Vadi, Samvadi, Audav-Shadav and one Chhota Khayal in each raga of the first year course. 
2. Praveshika (First year): Knowledge of Shudha and Vikrit Swaras, Alankar, Nad Saptak, Mela, Raga, Jati, Alap, Tan and Pakar. 
Ragas: asavari(shuddha rishabh), bibhas,Vridavani sarang,Bhimpalas,Durga,Des
3. Praveshika (Second year): Matric Music Knowledge of Alankars of more than four swaras including Vikrit Swara. 
Additional Ragas: Alhaiya Bilawal, Kedar, Bihag,Bhairav, Malkauns,Bageshri 
Tala: Ektal Vilambit, Chautal, Dhamar, Rupak, Dugun of all Tals. Knowledge of systems of Hindustani and Carnatic music; specialities of Nad, Varna, Swaralipi of Vishnu Digambar and Bhatkhande paddhati. 
Definitions: Khayal, Dhrupad, Dhamar, Tappa, Thumri, Bhajan, Ghazal, Shruti, Janak and Janya Raga, Grah Ansha, Nyas, Meend, Kana Swara, Poorvang, Uttarang, Sankeerna Ragas, Gat, Tora, Sparsh, Krintan, Mizrab. 
Biography of Pt. Vishnu Digambar Paluskar. 
4. Madhyama (Third year): Tuning of Tanpura, Division of 22 Shruts in seven swaras. 
Madhya Laya Khayals with improvisations in Jaunpuri, Malkauns, Hamir, Patdeep, Tilang, Deshkar, and Kalingda, Vilambit and Drut Khayals with improvisations in Bhupali, Yaman (Kalyan) Bageshri and Bihag. 
Tala: Jhumra, Sul, Tilwada and Deepchandi; detailed knowledge of Laya; practical knowledge of Meend, Sut, Ghasit, Murki. Tanas: Saral, Kut, Mishra, Sapat, Zamzama, Gamak, Uthav, Chalan, Nad and Shruti; writing Dugun and Chaugun of Dhrupad and Dhamar; detailed knowledge of Swaralipi of Vishnu Digambar and Bhatkhande paddhati. 
5. Madhyama (Fourth year): Madhyam Laya Khayals with improvisations in Chhayanat, Kamod, Gaud Sarang, Jaijaoiwanti, Pooriya dhanashree, Shankara; Vilambit and Drut Khayals with improvisations in Alhaiya Bilawal, Bhairav, Bhimpalasi, Brindavani Sarang and Kedar, appropriate knowledge of Dhvani, Kampan, Andolan; comparison between Hindustani and Karnatak systems of music; Guna and Dosha in a musician. Definition of Alpatva, Bahutva, Avirbhav, Tirobhav, Prabandh, Chaturang and Trivat; Anulom, Vilom, Veend, Zamzama, Chikari, Jhala, Dillibaaj, Poorabbaaj and knowledge of Vyankatamakhis 72 Melakartas. 
6. Visharad (Fifth year): 
Madhya Laya Khayals with improvisations 
Vilambit and Drut Khayals with improvisations in ragas Todi,shudha sarang,multani,yaman,bihag,puriadhanashri,rageshri,jog,shankara knowledge of singing from written Swaralipi; knowledge of Ada 
Chautal, Adha, Punjabi Dhumali, Chacher and Sul. 
Dhrupad-Dhamar in Dugun, Tigun, Chaugun and Chhagun. 
Chhagun and Athgun Tana with Jod, Alap Jhala, Maseetkhani knowGat. 
Styles of Alap; detailed description of varieties of Tanas; Vidari, Ragalakashan, Jatigayan, Vinyas, Apanyas, Gayaki, Nayaki, Ladant. Writing in Swaralipi (notation); Classification of Ragas; Biographies of ancient musicians. 
7. Visharad (Sixth year) : B. Music 
Madhya Laya Khayals with improvisations in and Vilambit and Drut Khayals with improvisations in Bhairav,Komalrishabha Asawari,Deshkar,Madhamad sarang,Puria kalyan,Hamir,Bhupali,Kalavati,Gorakh kalyan,Bahar . Detailed knowledge of these Ragas and also of Dhrupad, Dhamar, Maseetkhani and Razakhani Gat, Trivat, Chaturang; Vilambit and Drut Khayal, Thumri, Pad Kavita; knowledge of different kinds of Layakaris of the talas : Matta, Sawari, Brahma, Laxmi, Rudra; appropriate knowledge of the divisions of Shruti-Swar as in ancient, medieval and modern times; comparison of Hindustani and Karnatak tala systems. Knowledge of Gram, Moorchhana, Kalawant, Pandit, Vaggeyakar, Khandarbani Nauharbani, etc. Varieties of Gamak, Rag-ragini paddhati, That paddhati and Raga paddhati. Biographies of Jaidev, Gopal Nayak, Khusro, Tansen, Swami Haridas, Baiju, Sadarang, Bhaskarbua, Vazhebua, Alladiya Khan, Balkrishnabua, Maseet Khan, Faiyaz Khan and Inayat Khan. Knowledge of Staff Notation; history of the instrument, importance of Jhankar in instrument; 
necessity of Tarab; application of Chikari. 
...8.visharad tritiya (as per syallabus changes in April/may 2013)- ragas are lalit,bilaskhani todi,jaunpuri,marubihag,Nand,Miyanmalhar,Hansdhwahni,Darabari,Basant,Tilakkamod
9. Sangeet Alankar (Seventh & Eighth year): M. Music 
Any one of the following three to be taken: 
(a) Performance and Music Composition 
(b) Practical Music 
(c) Science and History of Music 
For details of courses you may refer to Pathyakram-Nayamavali of the Akhil Bharatiya Gandharva Mahavidyalaya Mandal (Mumbai), Gandharva Niketan Brahman Puri, Miraj 416410 ( Maharashtra ). 
For details of courses of study and examinations in instrumental Music and Dance you may refer to the prospectus and syllabus of All India Gandharva Mahavidyalaya Mandal, Mumbai

</doc>
<doc id="19498029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498029" title="South Carolina Highway 319">
South Carolina Highway 319

South Carolina Highway 319 (SC 319) is a state highway in Horry County, South Carolina, USA, that runs from U.S. Highway 701 and to U.S. Highway 501 in Aynor.
History.
This road was formerly known as the Galivants Ferry Road.

</doc>
<doc id="19498039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498039" title="Canoeing at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Men's K-4 1000 metres">
Canoeing at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Men's K-4 1000 metres

The men's K-4 1000 metres event was a fours kayaking event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1976 Summer Olympics program.
Results.
Heats.
The 20 crews first raced in three heats on July 29. The top three finishers from each of the heats advanced directly to the semifinals while the remaining 11 teams were relegated to the repechage heats.
Repechages.
Taking place on July 29, The top three competitors in each of the two repechages advanced to the semifinals.
Semifinals.
The top three finishers in each of the three semifinals (raced on July 31) advanced to the final.
Final.
The final was held on July 31. 
The Soviets, third at the 750 meter mark, edged out Spain who was the surprise winner in this event at the 1975 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="19498040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498040" title="Chris Engler">
Chris Engler

Chris Engler (born March 1, 1959) is an American former NBA player. Engler was drafted from the University of Wyoming by the Golden State Warriors in the 3rd round of the 1982 NBA Draft. Engler began his collegiate career with the Minnesota Golden Gophers before transferring to Wyoming. Engler played two seasons with the Warriors, then subsequently had short stints with the Milwaukee Bucks, Chicago Bulls, New Jersey Nets, and Portland Trail Blazers before staying with the Nets for the final two seasons of his NBA career. Engler finished with career averages of 1.8 points per game and 2.0 rebounds per game.
He is currently a part-time Lawyer and full-time Social Studies teacher at Stillwater Area High School.

</doc>
<doc id="19498052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498052" title="Volume III (song)">
Volume III (song)

"Volume III" a.k.a. "Stars on 45 Volume 3" was a song issued in 1981 by the Dutch studio group Stars on 45, in the UK credited to 'Starsound'. It was the second single from the band's second full-length release "Longplay Album - Volume II" (UK title: "Stars On 45 - The Album - Volume 2", US title: "Stars on Longplay II"). 
The "Volume III" medley was the opening track on "Longplay Album - Volume II" and then had the title "Star Wars And Other Hits", in the UK it was named "Instrumental Medley" and in the US "Introductions"; the very same recording was consequently released under no less than five different titles throughout the world. The medley featured instrumental intros to hits from a wide variety of genres, from well known movie themes like "Star Wars" and "The Good, The Bad and the Ugly", 60's and 70's hits by The Stylistics, Boney M., Eric Clapton, The Village People and The Pointer Sisters to the overture from The Who's musical Tommy and the main theme from Jeff Wayne's musical version of "The War of the Worlds".
The slightly edited 7" version omitted two of the medley's nineteen titles - The Walker Brothers' "The Sun Ain't Gonna Shine Anymore" and the overture from "Tommy" - while the 12" single, as opposed to previous 12" releases by Stars on 45, just featured the regular album version. The B-side of both editions was entitled "'Stars on' Theme" and was an alternate mix of an instrumental part of the album track "'45 Stars Get Ready".
"Volume III"/"Stars on 45 Volume 3" became Stars on 45/Starsound's third Top 20 single in the UK and Ireland, peaking at #17 and #11 respectively, and their third Top 10 single in the Netherlands.
Track listing 7" single.
Side A.
"Volume III" (7" Mix) - 4:25
Side B.
"'Stars on' Theme" (7" Mix) (Eggermont, Duiser) - 4:00
Track listing 12" single.
Side A.
"Volume III" (12" Mix = album version) - 5:10
Side B.
"'Stars on' Theme" (12" Mix) (Eggermont, Duiser) - 5:05

</doc>
<doc id="19498054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498054" title="Vladimir Sollogub">
Vladimir Sollogub

Count Vladimir Alexandrovich Sollogub (; ; August 20, 1813, St. Petersburg — June 17 (o.s. June 5), 1882, Bad Homburg) was a minor Russian writer, author of novelettes, essays, plays, and memoirs. 
His paternal grandfather was a Polish aristocrat, and he grew up in the midst of St. Petersburg high society. He graduated from the University of Dorpat in 1834 and was attached to the Ministry of Internal Affairs the following year in Vienna. His literary career began in 1837 in the journal "Sovremennik". In 1840 he married Sofya Mikhailovna Velgorskaya. In 1843 he visited Nice and met Gogol. From 1856 he was an Officer for Special Commissions in the imperial court; he took an interest in prison reform, and from 1875 was сhair of the Commission for the Reorganization of Prisons in Russia. In 1858 he was sent abroad to study European theater, and in 1877 he became an official historian at court. 
Sollogub was a connoisseur of theatrical life and of St. Petersburg society. He hosted a well-known literary and musical salon where he brought to life the atmosphere of St. Petersburg of that era as related in his "Memoirs" (1887). He is best known for his 1845 novelette "Tarantas" ("The Tarantass"), "a satirical journey from Moscow to Kazán in a tumble-down traveling cart. The satire, superficial and uninspired, is directed against the ideas of the Slavophils and the unpractical dreaminess of the romantic idealists."
External links.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="19498056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498056" title="Heidi Schmid">
Heidi Schmid

Adelheid "Heidi" Schmid (after marriage: "Adelheid Grundmann-Schmid") (born 5 December 1938 in Klagenfurt) is a former German fencer, world champion and Olympic champion in foil competition. She received a gold medal in individual foil at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome. She received a bronze medal in the team foil event in 1964. She also competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
National career.
Schmid became fascinated by fencing when she was 13 years old. One year later, 14 years old, she participated in the German youth championship, where she finished third at her first attempt. She became female German champion in foil fencing in 1957, 1959, 1964, 1965, 1966, 1967 and 1968.
Olympic career.
On 1 September 1960 Heidi Schmid won the Olympic gold medal in "Palazzo dei Congressi" in Rome, after defeating Maria Vicol from Romania with a 4:3 score. 
Four years later, at the Olympic games in Tokyo 1964, she was part of the German team (Gudrun Theuerkauff, Heidi Schmid, Rosemarie Scherberger and Helga Mees) that received a bronze medal in the team competition. The team qualified from pool C, defeated France in the quarterfinal, lost to the Hungarian team in the semifinal, and defeated Italy in the bronze final.
World championships.
In 1961 Heidi Schmid became world champion and also student world champion in foil, and was selected German sportswoman of the year. She received an individual silver medal in the 1957 world championships, and two team silver medals.
Later life.
Schmid has later worked as a teacher of music. After marrying fellow teacher Hans Grundmann, she changed her name to Adelheid Grundmann-Schmid.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19498060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498060" title="Charles Munch discography">
Charles Munch discography

Alsatian conductor Charles Munch was one of the most widely recorded symphonic conductors of the twentieth century. Here is a partial list of his recordings.
See main article: Charles Munch (conductor) for the conductor's biography.

</doc>
<doc id="19498085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498085" title="Bridge Creek (John Day River)">
Bridge Creek (John Day River)

Bridge Creek is a tributary of the John Day River in the U.S. state of Oregon. Part of the drainage basin of the Columbia River, its watershed covers in Wheeler County. 
From its headwaters in the Ochoco Mountains in central Oregon, the creek flows generally northeast for about from Mount Pisgah in the Bridge Creek Wilderness to the small city of Mitchell on U.S. Route 26. From Mitchell, it flows generally northwest for about , passing through the Painted Hills unit of the John Day Fossil Beds National Monument before meeting the John Day River.
Bridge Creek is subject to occasional flash floods, which have affected Mitchell as well as rural areas nearby. Surging water along the creek, which flows parallel to Main Street in Mitchell, caused great damage in 1884 and 1904. A third flood occurred on July 13, 1956, shortly after an intense thunderstorm in the Ochoco Mountains. The creek is usually less than deep in Mitchell during July. Minutes after the thunderstorm, a sudden surge of water destroyed or heavily damaged 20 buildings in the city and several bridges over Bridge Creek. An observer from the United States Geological Survey estimated that about of rain had fallen in about 50 minutes at the storm's center. Total damage from the flood, which also caused extensive damage to crops and roads, was $709,000.

</doc>
<doc id="19498093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498093" title="Kensuke Fukuda">
Kensuke Fukuda

Kensuke Fukuda (福田 健介, born 24 July 1984 in Shizuoka) is a Japanese football player who since 2007 has played defense for Ventforet Kofu.

</doc>
<doc id="19498101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498101" title="Malcolm H. Wiener">
Malcolm H. Wiener

Malcolm H. Wiener (born 3 July 1935) is an Aegean prehistorian, retired principal in an investment management firm, and philanthropist. He is a natural-born American citizen, born in Tsingtao, China. He is married to Carolyn Talbot Seely Wiener, with whom he has four children.
Education and military service.
Wiener was awarded a Naval ROTC four-year scholarship for study at Harvard "on the basis of financial need, and high academic personal promise in class and extracurricular activities". While at Harvard, he was president of the university Chess Club. He graduated from Harvard College and Harvard Law School. Afterward, he served as an Ensign/Lt. in the U.S. Navy (1957-1960). 
Career.
Wiener was the founder and chairman of the Millburn Corporation, Millburn Ridgefield Corporation, CommInVest (1977-1997) and ShareInVest (1982-1997). In 1982, he founded the Institute for Aegean Prehistory (INSTAP), and, in 1984, the Malcolm Hewitt Wiener Foundation (both are registered non-profit organizations). Additionally, he is a Trustee of the Metropolitan Museum of Art and of the American School of Classical Studies at Athens. 
Wiener is the author of numerous works on Aegean prehistory. Many of those works have focused on chronology.
Wiener has published several works on economic policy. The Center for Social Policy of the Kennedy School of Government, at Harvard, is named in his honor, and its construction was funded by him. 
Wiener is also a member of the Council on Foreign Relations. There, he has been active in promoting the consideration of non-lethal military technologies; in particular, he chaired and authored the report of a CFR Independent Task Force on the subject. He also endowed the CFR Annual Lecture on Science and Technology.
Awards and recognition.
Wiener has received six honorary doctorates: Litt.D., University of Sheffield, 1997; Ph.D., Eberhard Karls University of Tübingen, 1998; D., University of Athens, 1998; Dr. of Humane Letters, University of Cincinnati, 2007; D.Sc., University College London, 2009; D. Archaeology, Dickinson College, 2013.
Wiener is a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, the Archaeological Institute of America, the Austrian Academy of Sciences, the Austrian Archaeological Institute, the German Archaeological Institute, the Royal Swedish Academy of Letters, History and Antiquities, and the Society of Antiquaries of London, and he is a Chevalier in the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres of France. He also received the Ring of Honour of the Academy of Sciences and Literature in Mainz, Germany. Additionally, he received the Bandelier Award for Public Service to Archaeology, from the Archaeological Institute of America. 

</doc>
<doc id="19498106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498106" title="Philip Obhafuoso">
Philip Obhafuoso

Philip Obhafuoso (born 3 March 1982 in Uromi) is a Nigerian footballer, who currently plays for USV Eschen/Mauren.
Career.
Obhafuoso played from August 2002 to June 2006 by FC Vaduz and in 2003 in UEFA Cup with Vaduz, he played one season on loan with SC Kriens from July 2004 to June 2005. In July 2006 left Europe and Liechtenstein, he moved back to Nigeria to Heartland F.C.. The midfielder left in summer 2011 Heartland F.C. and signed with the Liechtensteiner topside USV Eschen/Mauren.
Personal life.
His brother Uline played with him in Liechtenstein by USV Eschen/Mauren. With his brother and Andreas Gerster founded 2010 in Nigeria an youth football Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="19498109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498109" title="Salmanbeyli">
Salmanbeyli

Salmanbeyli is a Turkic place name. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19498115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498115" title="Intruder (song)">
Intruder (song)

"Intruder" is a song written and performed by English musician Peter Gabriel. It starts off his third eponymous album with the description of a break-in told through the eyes of the burglar, or "Intruder". The phrase ""I like..."" is repeated throughout the song, indicating that the burglar was not pressured into his actions, but instead intrudes homes simply for the thrill of committing a crime.
Like the rest of the album, this song features the "gated drum" sound created by Hugh Padgham and Phil Collins and contains no cymbals. In fact, the song was built upon a simple drum pattern that Gabriel asked Phil to play while he wrote the words and the music. In accordance with Gabriel's penchant for unusual instrumentation, it features a xylophone solo about halfway through the song. Also, twice a grating sound can be heard, probably made by scraping a guitar pick up and down the lower (bass) strings of an acoustic guitar.
The song was often performed live by Gabriel in the early '80s, and is included on his first live album, "Plays Live". In 1992, the band Primus recorded a cover of the song and included it as the opening track to their Miscellaneous Debris EP.

</doc>
<doc id="19498116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498116" title="List of Spanish supercentenarians">
List of Spanish supercentenarians

This is a list of verified Spanish supercentenarians (people from Spain who have attained the age of at least 110 years). There have been 52 verified supercentenarians from Spain. The oldest person ever from Spain was an unidentified woman with the initials M.A.C.C., who died in 1996 aged 114 years 220 days. The oldest identified person was Joan Riudavets, who died in 2004 aged 114 years 81 days. As of , there are 3 verified living supercentenarians, 1 pending, and 3 unverified in Spain, the oldest of whom is Ana Vela Rubio, aged .
Living Spanish supercentenarians.
Below is a list of the oldest living people from Spain. Those listed as verified have been validated by an international body that specifically deals in longevity research, such as the Gerontology Research Group. Those listed as pending have provided at least one document supporting the claimed age but not the three necessary for validation. Those that are unverified have provided no documents to support the age claimed.
Spanish supercentenarians.
Spanish emigrant supercentenarians.
a Moreno was born in Spanish Morocco, which was then part of the Spanish Empire. It is now in Morocco.<br>
Oldest Spanish person by autonomy.
This is a list of the oldest people by birth from each autonomy
Oldest living Spanish person by autonomy.
This is a list of the oldest people by birth from each autonomy
People.
Josefa Salas.
Josefa Salas Mateo (14 July 1860 – 27 February 1973) was a Spanish supercentenarian and the verified oldest recognized living person for 3 years 47 days, between the death of 111-year-old Ada Roe on 11 January 1970 and Salas's death at age 112 years 228 days. Salas succeeded in title by then 111-year-old Alice Stevenson. Salas was the first verified Spanish supercentenarian, and also the first verified person documented to die at age 112. Salas was the last person to become the oldest living person before becoming a supercentenarian, as she became the world's oldest person at age 109 years 181 days. She was also the youngest to have made the list since its start in 1955, being 18 days younger than John Mosely Turner was at the beginning of his title and 21 days younger than Hannah Smith was. Salas was also the last recognized surviving person documented as born in 1860 and is the fourth oldest Spanish person ever. (She was the oldest Spanish person ever at the time of her death, but her record was broken by Carmen Figueiró on 13 June 1996).
Telesfora de la Torre.
Telesfora de la Torre Mendizábal (5 January 1876 – 8 October 1986) was a Spanish supercentenarian, and the second person from Spain to became a supercentenarian, after Josefa Salas (14 July 1860 – 27 February 1973). Torre-Mendizibal was the oldest living Spanish person at the time of her death aged 110 years 276 days.
Aurelio Diaz.
Aurelio Diaz Campillo (16 October 1878 – 13 June 1989) was a Spanish supercentenarian and Spain's oldest recognized living person when he died at age 110 years 240 days. He was also the first male Spanish supercentenarian, and therefore the oldest ever male Spanish person at one point; as well as the third person from Spain to become a supercentenarian, after Josefa Salas (14 July 1860 – 27 February 1973) and Telesfora de la Torre (5 January 1876 – 8 October 1986). Aurelio Díaz was the last Spanish veteran of the Spanish-American war of Cuba.
Galo Leoz.
Galo Leoz Ortín (22 April 1879 – 23 January 1990) was a Spanish supercentenarian and Spain's oldest recognized living person when he died aged 110 years 276 days. He became Spain's oldest recognized male ever when he surpassed Aurelio Diaz. Leoz's record was surpassed in 1993 by Josep Armengol (23 July 1881 – 20 January 1994), who lived to the age of 112 years 181 days. Galo Leoz was a noted ophthalmologist.
Josep Armengol Jover.
Josep Armengol Jover (23 July 1881 – 20 January 1994) was a Spanish supercentenarian who became the oldest recognized living Spanish male in January 1990, the oldest recognized living person in Spain in March 1990, and the oldest living man in June 1993, following the death of Frederick L. Frazier. Armengol died on 20 January 1994, at the age of 112 years 181 days. At the time, he was the oldest Spanish male ever; this record was broken in 2002 by Joan Riudavets.
Pablo Roy.
Pablo Roy Morales (15 January 1884 – 26 January 1994) was, for the last six days of his life, the second-oldest living person in Spain, behind Carmen Figueiró, and the oldest living male in Spain, following the death of 112-year-old Josep Armengol. Roy died at age .
Carmen Figueiró.
María del Carmen Figueiró Freiría née de Rodriguez (28 October 1883 – 25 May 1997) was a Galician supercentenarian and the oldest recognized living Spanish person at the time of her death aged 113 years 209 days. She became the oldest undisputed person in the history of Spain in 1996, after surpassing the age of Josefa Salas. Carmen's record was broken in 2003 by Joan Riudavets.
Antonio Urrea.
Antonio Urrea Hernández (18 February 1888 – 15 November 1999) was a Spanish supercentenarian and the world's oldest recognized living man between the death of Japan's Denzo Ishizaki on 29 April 1999 and Urrea's death aged 111 years 270 days. He was succeeded in title by then 111-year-old John Painter. He was also Spain's oldest person between 25 May 1997, with the death of fellow 113-year-old Carmen Figueiró, until Urrea's death. He was succeeded in that title by then 109-year-old Joan Riudavets.
Dolores Gou.
Dolores Gou Andreu (27 March 1892 – 20 November 2002) was a Spanish supercentenarian who became the second oldest living Spanish person, behind Joan Riudavets. Gou Andreu was still the oldest living female Spanish person at the time. She died at age 110 years 238 days.
María de la O Soria.
María de la O Soria Berbel (9 April 1898 – 23 December 2009) was a Spanish supercentenarian who became the oldest recognized person in Spain, following the death of 113-year-old Manuela Fernández-Fojaco on 6 January 2009.
Andresa Guerrero-Ortiz.
Andresa Guerrero Ortiz (30 November 1898 – 5 August 2010) was a Spanish supercentenarian who became the oldest recognized person in Spain, following the death of 111-year-old María de la O Soria on 23 December 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19498118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498118" title="Wayne Logan">
Wayne Logan

Wayne A. Logan is Gary & Sallyn Pajcic Professor at Florida State University College of Law. He is the author of the book "Knowledge as Power: A History of Criminal Registration Laws in America" (Stanford University Press) as well as articles addressing criminal law topics in journals such including Pennsylvania Law Review, the Michigan Law Review and the Georgetown Law Journal. He was elected to the American Law Institute.

</doc>
<doc id="19498119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498119" title="Dubford">
Dubford

Dubford is a village in northern coastal Aberdeenshire, Scotland. Dubford is situated along the B9031 Road approximately six km east of Macduff. There is evidence of prehistoric man in the vicinity of Dubford, notably from the nearby Longman Hill and Cairn Lee ancient monuments.

</doc>
<doc id="19498149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498149" title="HS-5">
HS-5

HS-5 Helicopter Anti-submarine Squadron Five, also known as "Nightdippers" is a helicopter squadron of the United States Navy based at Naval Station Norfolk. The Nightdippers are a part of Carrier Air Wing Seven and deploy aboard the .
History.
Helicopter Antisubmarine Squadron Five was commissioned at Naval Air Station Key West, Florida, on 3 January 1956. Its primary mission back then was the same as it is today: denying the enemy effective use of their submarines. In 1963, HS-5 transitioned to the first twin jet turbine helicopter, the SH-3A "Sea King". In 1978, HS-5 and CVW-7 were assigned to , at the time the Navy's newest nuclear-powered aircraft carrier. Following an extended deployment to the Mediterranean, HS-5 transitioned to the SH-3H, which incorporated the latest in ASW technological advances.
An extensive work-up cycle prepared HS-5 and the Eisenhower for a 1988 Mediterranean deployment. With a single helicopter embarked on the USS Peterson (DD 969), the community had its first ever six-month detachment of a single SH-3H for ASW. The venerable "Sea King" again proved its mettle during numerous multi-national exercises and sensitive Black Sea operations. Well-recognized for its outstanding performance in 1988, the squadron reveled its fourth Captain Arnold Jay Isbell Trophy, sixth CNO Safely Award, and a Meritorious Unit Commendation.
Following a successful turnaround cycle highlighted by two successive HSWING ONE Maintenance Trophies, HS-5 deployed to the Mediterranean Sea in March 1990, once again aboard the Eisenhower. Referred to as the "Centennial Cruise" in honor of the 100th anniversary of the birth of President Dwight D. Eisenhower, this deployment included an unusual mid-deployment journey to the English Channel for participation in ceremonies in remembrance of the D-Day invasion of Normandy. In August 1990, the IKE left the Mediterranean again, transiting the Suez Canal and taking position in the Red Sea to deter possible Iraqi aggression against Saudi Arabia at the beginning of Operation Desert Shield.
The "Nightdippers" marked the end of an era when the last of their SH-3H "Sea King" helicopters was transferred from NAS Jacksonville in January 1995. Although the Sea Kings were older than the personnel maintaining them, several upgrades, modifications, and service life extensions kept the H-3 up-to-date with the latest technological advances in ASW, electronics, and power plant systems. The squadron kept their vintage helicopters aloft for a total of 108,661 hours and in ready-to-launch, around the clock status for over three decades. The Sea Kings were flown to different parts of the country and one is proudly displayed at the Quonset Point Air Museum in Rhode Island.
January 1995 began a new chapter in "Nightdipper" history when the squadron transitioned to the SH-60 "Seahawk". Faced with completing a demanding transition during a compressed thirteen-month turnaround cycle, the men and women of HS-5 completed the transition three months ahead of schedule and met every operational commitment during their pre-deployment work-up schedule. Also at this time, HS-5 added yet another facet to their repertoire of warfare missions. While detached to NAS Fallon, Nevada, the "Nightdippers" perfected Combat Search and Rescue (CSAR) procedures in preparation for deployment.
As a result of their first operational deployment with the new SH-60F/HH-60H, the "Nightdippers" were awarded the COMNAVAIRLANT Battle "E", the Thatch USW Excellence Award and the Commander Sixth Fleet "Hook' em" Award for Undersea Warfare Excellence. 
The squadron has won the prestigious Battle “E” award three of the last five years, and the Fleet Forces Retention Excellence Award for the last two years, as well as the Isbell Award for ASW and ASU excellence in FY06.
Operationally, recent "Nightdipper" achievements speak for themselves. Approximately thirty maintainers, aircrew, and pilots from HS-5 were deployed for six months to an Expanded Maritime Interdiction Operation (EMIO) operating site in the summer of 2005. The Nightdippers effectively fulfilled the Navy’s EMIO mission, acting as a critical maritime component to the Global War on Terrorism by deterring, delaying, and disrupting the movement of terrorists and terrorist-related materials at sea. The Nightdippers collaborated on this mission with United States Marine Corps fleet anti-terrorism security teams (FAST) and Mobile Security Squadron Seven (MSS-7), as well as other various allied nations and their forces.
In addition to the recent completion of the EMIO mission, HS-5 provided two aircraft and 37 personnel to participate in the massive Hurricane Katrina relief effort. The Nightdippers logged more than 93.6 flight hours and rescued 41 people in distress, as well as delivering 14,860 pounds of food and water to hurricane victims.
Most recently, HS-5 has provided CVW-7 and the with over 5,000 hours of direct support missions over the course of the 2006 work-up cycle and 2006-2007 extended deployment.

</doc>
<doc id="19498150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498150" title="Commonwealth Oil Refining Company, Inc.">
Commonwealth Oil Refining Company, Inc.

Commonwealth Oil Refining Company, Inc. (CORCO) was an oil refinery established in the towns of Peñuelas and Guayanilla in Puerto Rico in the middle of the 20th century. The project started as part of "Operation Bootstrap" with the first unit being constructed in 1954. The company started operations in 1955 and was finally incorporated on May 19, 1963. Corco represented an investment of $25 million and had the capacity to refine of oil daily. Hugo David Storer Tavarez was one of the men in charge of the CORCO being established in Puerto Rico.
The refinery is located in an site, and consists of numerous storage tanks and waste treatment units typical of petroleum refineries. CORCO has been inactive since 1982, and now functions as a terminal for the marine transportation and land-based storage of crude oil and petroleum products.
After the refinery ceased operations, an entity called "Desarrollo Integral del Sur" (South Integral Development) began developing a long-term plan for the reuse of the terrains and properties.

</doc>
<doc id="19498154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498154" title="Jens Jacob Eschels">
Jens Jacob Eschels

Jens Jacob Eschels (12 December 1757 – 7 June 1842) was a nautical captain and is the author of the oldest known captain's autobiography in German.
Life.
Eschels, a great-great-grandchild of whaling captain Matthias Petersen, was born in Nieblum on the North Frisian island of Föhr, where many seafarers of the early modern era came from. 
He was the son of a penniless family, his father often sailed "before the mast" for the Dutch East India Company. In 1796, aged eleven, Eschels joined the crew of an Amsterdam whaler as a deck boy, repeatedly lost his ship in the Arctic, but returned unharmed. Afterwards he sailed on various Amsterdam whalers. During the winter season he learned the "art of navigating".
In 1778 he changed to the less dangerous and on a long-term prospect more prosperous trade shipping. Thereby he sailed all European seas. In 1781 he eventually crossed the Atlantic Ocean for the first time on a journey to the Caribbean. In Grenada he was given the chance to move to a Hamburg based ship as "sub-navigator". In the next year he was accepted as navigator on the barque "Henricus de Vierde". Due to illness and death of his captain in Haiti he took over the post of the vessel's captain on the journey back to Europe and as such he would further command the ship on numerous journeys until 1798.
Later he stayed on land as the German seafaring experienced difficulties due to the Napoleonic Wars. By his journeys he had gathered certain assets and now worked as a manufacturer of tobacco products, as merchant, shipowner and expert in nautical questions in the then Danish town of Altona (which is now a part of Hamburg/Germany).
His comprehensive and enthralling autobiography was written based on diaries and ships' logs prior to 1832, originally it was only intended for family purposes. It was published in 1835. The 355-page book not only provides a wealth of information about contemporary seafaring, but also offers a view on everyday life and thinking of the time. Eschels died in Altona in 1842.

</doc>
<doc id="19498164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498164" title="Philip Abraham">
Philip Abraham

Philip Selwyn Abraham (29 July 1897 – December 1955) was the Anglican Bishop of Newfoundland in Canada from 1942 until his death in 1955.
Born on 29 July 1897, he was educated at Eton College and New College, Oxford. After World War I service with the Royal Artillery he was ordained in 1923 and was a curate at Daybrook and St Mary Redcliffe, Bristol. Subsequently he became the Precentor of Christ Church Cathedral, Montreal, then Vicar of Romford. He was consecrated as Coadjutor Bishop of Newfoundland on 1 August 1937 in Lambeth Palace Chapel and arrived in St. John's on 9 September. In 1942 he became the diocesan bishop. His father and grandfather were also bishops.

</doc>
<doc id="19498171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498171" title="List of Buffalo Bills first-round draft picks">
List of Buffalo Bills first-round draft picks

The Buffalo Bills are an American football franchise based in Orchard Park, New York. They are members of the American Football Conference (AFC) East division in the National Football League (NFL). 
Every year during April, each NFL franchise seeks to add new players to its roster through a collegiate draft known as "the NFL Annual Player Selection Meeting", which is more commonly known as the NFL Draft. The NFL Draft, as a whole, gives the advantage to the teams that did poorly the previous season. The 30 teams that did not make the Super Bowl are ranked in order so the team with the worst record picks first and the team with the best record pick last. The two exceptions to this inverse order are made for teams that appeared in the previous Super Bowl; the Super Bowl champion selects 32nd overall, and the Super Bowl loser selects 31st overall. If the franchise so chooses, they may trade their draft picks for any combination of draft picks, players, and money.

</doc>
<doc id="19498174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498174" title="Cars Toons">
Cars Toons

Cars Toons is an American series of computer animated short films or "Cars Toons" by Pixar. It features Mater and Lightning McQueen from "Cars". Larry the Cable Guy reprised his role as Mater, while Keith Ferguson replaced Owen Wilson as the voice of Lightning McQueen.
The series' first broadcast was on October 27, 2008, on Toon Disney, Disney Channel, and ABC Family. Not exclusive to television, some of those episodes have also premiered on DVDs/Blu-rays, or as a theatrical short.
Synopsis.
"Mater's Tall Tales".
All "Cars Toons" in "Mater's Tall Tales" follow the same tall tale formula: The episode opens with Mater popping out of his garage and declaring "If I'm lyin', I'm cryin'!" (or a variation thereof). Mater proceeds to tell a far-fetched story of the past. The action shifts to his story. At the climax, the action briefly shifts back to Mater and Lightning McQueen in which Mater proclaims that McQueen was also involved. The flashback resumes with McQueen's sudden (and usually unwilling) participation. Once Mater finishes his tall tale, one or more characters involved in the story appear, paradoxically suggesting the story might have been authentic. The episode ends with Mater and McQueen posing in their corresponding story's costumes. All episodes feature Mia and Tia and various pit crew forklifts in support roles.
Production.
After the success of "Cars", production of "Cars Toons: Mater's Tall Tales" began in 2006. The first nine shorts were produced by Pixar, while all the following shorts were produced by its subsidiary, Pixar Canada.
"Tokyo Mater" premiered in theaters in the US with "Bolt" on December 12, 2008. The short is the first Disney·Pixar production presented in Disney Digital 3-D. Sulley and Mike from "Monsters, Inc." made cameo appearances in "Tokyo Mater" as their car forms from the ending of the first film.
Release.
Merchandising.
It was announced that "Cars Toons: Mater's Tall Tales" was to be released as part of the "Disney·Pixar Cars Die-Cast Line" in mid-2009. In October 2009, they released several diecasts. They released all of the "Rescue Squad Mater" and "Mater the Greater" diecasts, and they are currently working on "El Materdor" diecasts and reverse.
Video game.
A video game, titled "Cars Toon: Mater's Tall Tales", and based on the show was released on October 19, 2010 for the Wii. A PC version was also released outside the United States.
Home media.
A DVD and Blu-ray compilation of nine shorts, titled "Cars Toons: Mater's Tall Tales", was released on November 2, 2010. The compilation included "Rescue Squad Mater", "Mater the Greater", "El Materdor", "Unidentified Flying Mater", "Tokyo Mater", "Monster Truck Mater", "Heavy Metal Mater", "Moon Mater" and "Mater Private Eye", with the latter two premiering with this set.
Future.
Pixar is working on two new "Cars Toons" for 2014: "Radiator Springs 500 1/2" and "To Protect and Serve," both of which will air on Disney Channel.

</doc>
<doc id="19498188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498188" title="List of Dallas Cowboys first-round draft picks">
List of Dallas Cowboys first-round draft picks

The Dallas Cowboys are professional American football team based in Dallas, Texas. The Cowboys team is a franchise of the National Football League (NFL) and plays in the East Division of the National Football Conference. The first draft in which the Cowboys participated was the 1961 NFL Annual Player Selection Meeting, more commonly known as the NFL Draft. In the NFL Draft, each NFL franchise annually adds new players to its roster. Teams are ranked in reverse order based on their records during the previous season, therefore the team with the worst record selects first. There are two exceptions to this order: the Super Bowl champion from the previous season selects last, and the Super Bowl runner-up selects second to last. Teams have the option of trading away their selections to other teams for different selections, players, cash, or any combination thereof. It is common, therefore, for the actual draft selection of a team to differ from their initial assigned draft selection or for a team to have either extra selections or no selections in any round because of such trades.

</doc>
<doc id="19498192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498192" title="Twentysix Gasoline Stations">
Twentysix Gasoline Stations

Twentysix Gasoline Stations is the first artist's book by the American pop artist Ed Ruscha. Published in April 1963 on his own imprint National Excelsior Press, it is often considered to be the first modern Artist's book, and has become famous as a precursor and a major influence on the emerging artist's book culture, especially in America. The book does exactly what its title suggests, reproducing 26 photographs of gasoline stations next to captions indicating their brand and location. From the first service station, 'Bob's Service' in Los Angeles where Ruscha lived, the book follows a journey back to Oklahoma City where the artist had grown up, and where his mother still resided. The last image is of a Fina Gasoline Station in Groom, Texas, which Ruscha has suggested should be seen as the beginning of the return journey, 'like a coda'.
Originally printed in a numbered edition of 400, a second edition of 500 was published in 1967 and a third of 3000 in 1969. Neither of these later editions was numbered. It has been suggested that these reprints were a deliberate attempt to flood the market in order to maintain the book's status as a cheap, mass-produced commodity. The book originally sold for $3.50. Of the work, Johanna Drucker said:
"Ruscha's books combined the literalness of early California pop art with a flat-footed photographic aesthetic informed by minimalist notions of repetitive sequence and seriality...Thirty years later, with a quarter of a century of mainstream artworld activity between, the aspect of shock-effect and humor has diminished somewhat. But in 1962 (sic) this work read against the photographic landscape of highly aestheticized image-making."
Origins of "Twentysix Gasoline Stations".
Ruscha would drive home to visit his parents in Oklahoma four or five times a year after leaving home at 18; many of the journeys were taken with his friend and fellow artist Joe Goode. 
"I wasn't coming out here to do anything in particular, or to be anything in particular except...except out of Oklahoma...a long way from Oklahoma, that's what I wanted to be, and everything it stood for. And away from the catholic church too, and Sister Daniella who beat my knuckles with a pencil the one year I was in parochial school." Ed Ruscha
Ruscha had visited Europe in 1961, and been particularly taken by the books he saw for sale 'on the street, in those little bookstalls,' and been impressed by the 'non-commercial look... a strange kind of sober design including the typography and the binding and everything.' Back in Los Angeles, he conceived the idea initially as a play on words, deciding upon the title first, then working on the typography and design before taking the photographs. He took about 60 photographs, and edited them down to 26 by removing any that he felt were too interesting.
The Book.
Dated 1962 in the foreword and dedicated to Patty Callahan, the book comprises twenty-six photographs of various dimensions and proportions; most are laid out on a single page with the text facing the image; some go across the double spread, a few are placed next to each other. Three images are taken at night, including one of Tucumcari, New Mexico, that appears to have been taken from a moving car. But for three people walking across the forecourt on the Sunset Strip, a man getting out of his car at Flagstaff, Arizona and a man looking under his hood at Lipton, Arizona, there are no people present. There are no cars visible in some of the photos. Almost all of the photos are taken from the other side of the highway.
All of the gasoline stations are on Route 66, a road that had already been mythologized by the TV series "Route 66" and in Steinbeck's "The Grapes Of Wrath", and later reappeared as a motif in Dennis Hopper's "Easy Rider". The order that the stations appear is almost the same as their position on the route west-east, with five stations moved out of order. With the exception of the last station in Groom, Texas, the relevant states listed are all in order.
The first edition was numbered and occasionally signed, which Ruscha later admitted was a 'mistake'. Apart from this detail, the books are defined by their 'professional polish, a clear-cut machine finish.'
"I have eliminated all text from my books- I want absolutely neutral material. My pictures are not that interesting, nor the subject matter. They are simply a collection of 'facts', my book is more like a collection of readymades...It is almost worth the money to have the thrill of 400 exactly identical books stacked in front of you." Ed Ruscha
Later, in an interview in the "National Observer", Ruscha declared;
"I want to be the Henry Ford of book making."
The book is covered with a semi-transparent glassine dust jacket for protection. About fifty copies of the first edition came in a black cardboard slipcase. Apart from this, and the numbering on the last page of the first edition, each of the three editions is basically identical; but for the details of each edition at the beginning of the book, the three are indistinguishable.
Possible meanings.
A lot of critics have assigned a religious sub-text to the work, seeing a correlation between the gasoline stations and the 14 Stations of the Cross, traditionally the staging posts between Pilate's condemnation and the burial of Christ after His crucifixion on Calvary. Ruscha, a lapsed catholic, has gone some way to supporting this view in interviews:
There is a connection between my work and my experience with religious icons, and the stations of the cross and the Church generally, but it's in one of method, you know; I do have some flavors that come over, like the incense... we all go through stages... the attitude comes out of a whole style of living and then coming up with statements.
The book has also been cited as an artist's book equivalent of a road movie, and as a pop version of Walker Evans' photos of America, such as his deserted gasoline station in 'Highway Corner Reedsville West Virginia, 1935'. (Although Ruscha has admitted knowledge of Evans' work, he has dismissed it as an influence.) The last image, of a Fina station, has been interpreted as a Duchampian pun on "Fin" (end).
Reception.
Originally, the book was received poorly; despite being published the same year as Ruscha's first exhibition at the Ferus Gallery, Los Angeles-which also represented Andy Warhol- the book was rejected by the Library of Congress for its 'unorthodox form and supposed lack of information'. although in fact Dieter Roth's artist's books share the same mass-produced aesthetic and investigate the nature of books with at least as much formal vigour, and predate Ruscha's first publication by 7 years. Additionally, Warja Lavater's first book, [http://digilab.browardlibrary.org/cdm4/document.php?CISOROOT=/Fontaneda&CISOPTR=729&REC=3 "William Tell" (New York : Junior Council, Museum of Modern Art, 1962 (OCLC ), an accordion folded book written using symbols only, preceded Ruscha's "Twentysix Gasoline Stations".
An original signed copy of "Twentysix Gasoline Stations" is now worth up to $35,000.
Copies are kept in public collections across the world, including MOMA, V&A, Tate, and the National Gallery of Australia.
50 Years Later.
"Road to Ruscha" was a collaborative, multidisciplinary, conceptual art project inspired by Ed Ruscha’s painting, "No Man’s Land", and the 50th anniversary of his landmark book, "Twentysix Gasoline Stations". The central element of the project was a road trip from Oklahoma City to Los Angeles, following in reverse order Ruscha’s original trips of 1962. After arriving in Los Angeles, the group met Ed Ruscha at his studio. Primary participants included 20 students and faculty from the University of Oklahoma representing diverse fields of study such as art, art history, environmental sustainability, and geography.
Along the journey, participants engaged in a variety of collaborative projects and site visits derived from the original 26 gasoline stations pictured in Ruscha’s book. The project existed in both physical and virtual space with real-time collaboration between those "on the road" and visitors to the project’s website. Museum visitors could track participants' progress on the journey inside the museum's Sandy Bell Gallery. Media and technology were used to facilitate this collaboration and emphasize the nature of contemporary experiences of land, place, and culture. The 3,000-mile road trip took place over 10 days in May 2013. The students' journey and multimedia responses have been archived on the project’s website.
"Road to Ruscha" was sponsored by the Kirkpatrick Foundation, the OU College of Atmospheric and Geographic Sciences, the OU School of Art and Art History, and the Fred Jones Jr. Museum of Art.
References.
Notes.
TWENTYSIX GASOLINE STATIONS BY JEFFERY MORGER 2013, JMP , Edition of 300 How to order : www. Buchhandel.de ISBN 978-3-033-03997-1

</doc>
<doc id="19498194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498194" title="List of Arizona Cardinals first-round draft picks">
List of Arizona Cardinals first-round draft picks

This is a list of first-round draft picks made by the Arizona Cardinals of the National Football League. 

</doc>
<doc id="19498197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498197" title="List of San Francisco 49ers first-round draft picks">
List of San Francisco 49ers first-round draft picks

The San Francisco 49ers entered professional football in 1946 as a member of the All-America Football Conference. The team joined the NFL along with the Cleveland Browns and the original Baltimore Colts in 1950. The 49ers' first draft selection in the NFL was Leo Nomellini, a defensive tackle from the University of Minnesota; the team's most recent pick was Eric Reid, a free safety from Louisiana State University at number 18.
Every year during April, each NFL franchise seeks to add new players to its roster through a collegiate draft known as "the NFL Annual Player Selection Meeting", which is more commonly known as the NFL Draft. Teams are ranked in inverse order based on the previous season's record, with the worst record picking first, and the second worst picking second and so on. The two exceptions to this order are made for teams that appeared in the previous Super Bowl; the Super Bowl champion "always" picks 32nd, and the Super Bowl loser "always" picks 31st. Teams have the option of trading away their picks to other teams for different picks, players, cash, or a combination thereof. Thus, it is not uncommon for a team's actual draft pick to differ from their assigned draft pick, or for a team to have extra or no draft picks in any round due to these trades.
The 49ers have selected the number one overall pick three times: Harry Babcock in 1953, Dave Parks in 1964, and most recently Alex Smith in 2005. In the first three years as an NFL team, the 49ers picked three consecutive future Hall of Famers in the first round: Leo Nomellini, Y.A. Tittle, and Hugh McElhenny; since then, the team has picked four more future Hall of Famers in the first round (Jimmy Johnson, Lance Alworth, Ronnie Lott and Jerry Rice), making it seven in total.
Player selections.
<onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="19498198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498198" title="Luis Jara Heyn">
Luis Jara Heyn

Luis Ramón Jara Heyn (born 29 December 1964 in Asunción, Paraguay) is a former football midfielder and futsal player.
Heyn played association football for most his career in Olimpia Asunción alongside his brother Adolfo for eight years. Heyn also played a few games for the Paraguay national football team during his career, including the U-20 FIFA World Cup of 1985. As a futsal player, he represented the Paraguay national futsal team in the 1989 FIFA Futsal World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19498199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498199" title="Mejiro, Toshima, Tokyo">
Mejiro, Toshima, Tokyo

Mejiro is home to the prestigious Gakushuin University. The university's predecessor was established in 1877 to educate the children of the nobility. Its notable alumni include most members of the present Imperial House of Japan as well as the 92nd Prime Minister of Japan Taro Aso.

</doc>
<doc id="19498200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498200" title="GHI Bronx Tennis Classic">
GHI Bronx Tennis Classic

The GHI Bronx Tennis Classic is a tennis tournament for male professional players played on hard courts. The event is held annually in Bronx, New York since 1993 and takes part on the "challenger series of the ATP Tour. 

</doc>
<doc id="19498203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498203" title="Suminokura Ryōi">
Suminokura Ryōi

, also known as Yoshida Mitsuyoshi, was a merchant and shipper of Edo period Kyoto. 
Along with the families of Chaya Shirōjirō and Gotō Shōzaburō, the Suminokura family, whose merchant enterprise Ryōi founded, represented one of the three chief merchant families in the city in this period.
Life and career.
Ryōi was born into a branch family of physicians and moneylenders. Like many commoner merchants of the period, he later came to be known by a name related to his work - Suminokura, or "corner warehouse."
Ryōi obtained a formal trade license, a "shuinjō", from Toyotomi Hideyoshi, and managed overseas trading operations, importing goods from southern Vietnam. After Hideyoshi's death in 1598, Ryōi became a trusted advisor and supplier to Tokugawa Ieyasu, who became shogun in 1603, and continued his overseas operations, with a "shuinjō" granted by Ieyasu.
Between 1605 and 1611, he also played a major role in constructing canals and making the rivers of Kyoto more navigable, so as to better ship goods to, from, and within the city. These included the Tenryū, Takase, Fujigawa, and Hozu rivers; in exchange for his efforts, the Suminokura business was granted extended shipping rights within the city.
Ryōi's sons Suminokura Genshi and Soan followed in their father's footsteps, and took over the family business after his death, enjoying considerable prosperity until the imposition of maritime restrictions by the shogunate in the mid-1630s, when trade with Vietnam came to an end.

</doc>
<doc id="19498226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498226" title="Shigenori Hagimura">
Shigenori Hagimura

Shigenori Hagimura (萩村 滋則, born July 31, 1976 in Mie) is a retired Japanese footballer. He played for Kashiwa Reysol, Kyoto Purple Sanga, Albirex Niigata and Tokyo Verdy.

</doc>
<doc id="19498280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498280" title="G. M. Dimitrov">
G. M. Dimitrov

Georgi Mihov Dimitrov (; 15 April 1903 – 21 November 1972), known as Gemeto (Гемето, "The G. M.") to distinguish him from Georgi Dimitrov Mihaylov, was a Bulgarian politician, a leading figure of the Bulgarian Agrarian National Union in the 1930s and 1940s and an opponent of Nazism and communism alike.
G. M. Dimitrov was born in the Eastern Thracian village of Eni Chiflik by the Sea of Marmara (then part of the Ottoman vilayet of Edirne, today Yeniçiftlik in Tekirdağ Province, Turkey) on 15 April 1903 to a Bulgarian family. His family, along with practically all Bulgarians of Eastern Thrace, was forced to move to Bulgaria in 1913 after the Balkan Wars, and settled in the village of Doyrentsi in Lovech Province.
In 1922, he became a member of the Bulgarian Agrarian National Union (BANU), a proletarian party devoted to representing the causes of the Bulgarian peasantry. In 1923, he organized a peasant revolt in the Lovech region to counter the coup d'état of 1923. He was imprisoned and may have been sentenced to death had it not been for his young age. After the St Nedelya Church assault in 1925, he was arrested again along with other opposition figures.
He graduated in medicine from the University of Zagreb in 1929 and quickly engaged in politics upon settling in Sofia, the capital of Bulgaria. He was part of the Board of Managers of BANU "Aleksandar Stamboliyski" in 1932–1933 and the Standing Committee of the united BANU ("Aleksandar Stamboliyski" and "Vrabcha 1"). In the wake of the coup d'état of 1934 he was in opposition to the monarchist regime and semi-legally headed BANU "Aleksandar Stamboliyski".
In 1941, G. M. Dimitrov organized a large-scale campaign against Bulgaria's imminent alignment with the Axis Powers of World War II. As his campaign failed, he was forced to go underground and promptly leave the country. Between 1941 and 1944 G. M. Dimitrov headed the pro-United Kingdom union of Bulgarian "émigrés" Bulgarian National Committee, headquartered in Cairo, and the illegal pro-Allies radio station "Free and Independent Bulgaria". After the coup d'état of 1944, G. M. Dimitrov returned to Bulgaria and became the leader of BANU. Due to his anti-Fatherland Front activities he was deprived of his leadership and expelled from the party. Thanks to the intervention of the United States ambassador, Dimitrov was saved from death: his fellow Nikola Petkov was executed by the Bulgarian Communist Party after a mock trial in 1947.
In May 1945, G. M. Dimitrov left the country; two years later, he founded the Agrarian Committee or Green Front, an anti-communist union of Eastern European "émigrés" in the West. He also headed the Bulgarian National Committee, a strictly Bulgarian organization with similar goals. In 1951, he assisted the foundation of the first Bulgarian NATO company, the Bulgarian Volunteer Company 4093, that consisted of 200 "émigrés".
Dimitrov died in Washington, D.C. on 21 November 1972. His daughter Anastasia Dimitrova-Moser (b. 1937) is also a BANU politician. He also had a son called Aleksandar.

</doc>
<doc id="19498296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498296" title="Shambulbina">
Shambulbina

Shambulbina may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19498311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498311" title="Takumi Wada">
Takumi Wada

He has the dubious distinction of having been relegated with 4 different clubs in 5 years from 2007-2011 (Yokohama FC, Tokyo Verdy, JEF United & Avispa Fukuoka).
Club career statistics.
Last update: 28 November 2012

</doc>
<doc id="19498367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498367" title="Kola Ige">
Kola Ige

Kola Ige (born December 28, 1985 in Nigeria) is a Nigerian footballer. He currently plays for Bayelsa United F.C. in Nigeria.
International career.
He was member of the Nigeria U-20 team by 2005 FIFA World Youth Championship in the Netherlands, but didn't appear in the tournament

</doc>
<doc id="19498372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498372" title="Hothead">
Hothead

Hothead may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19498377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498377" title="Belize–Mexico border">
Belize–Mexico border

The Belize–Mexico border is an international border between Belize and Mexico. It is 250 km long and follows the course of Hondo River almost exclusively. It separates Belize from the Mexican states of Quintana Roo and Campeche.
The modern boundary of Belize was agreed to in 1893, but not finalized until 1897.
History.
The border between Mexico and Belize was difficult to explore and map because of the remoteness of location, especially on the Mexican side. Due to the sparse population of the area, the British colony of British Honduras, now Belize, was able to occupy the region. Mexico did not recognize British possession of the territory until the late nineteenth century. The Mexican government's desire to end arms and ammunition smuggling from Belize Mayan supplied by rebels during the Caste War, prolonged the situation. As a result, the government of Porfirio Diaz became a Federal Territory area which previously belonged to the State of Yucatan, constituting the Territory of Quintana Roo; and decided to negotiate with the British government to finally fix the common border. They acknowledged British rule in the territory in return of Britain's promise to refrain from arming the Maya. With respect to these intentions, Mexico appointed Ignacio Mariscal, Secretary of tae ni fritz ungo
Treaty.
A treaty was signed on July 8, 1893, in Mexico City and an additional convention added on April 7, 1897. The original treaty consisted of four articles: the first set the upper border; the second required Great Britain to stop arming Mayan rebels; the third laid out the obligation of both states to prevent Native Americans from gradually encroaching into the territory of the neighboring country; and the fourth required ratification of the treaty by the respective governments. The additional convention, signed by Ignacio Mariscal and the new British minister in Mexico, Sir Henry Nevill Dering, updated Article 3 to include a treaty establishing freedom for Mexican merchant ships to sail without restriction through the Boca Bacalar Chico and all British territorial waters in the Bay of Chetumal. Military vessels were not included in the treaty. Admission to the Bay of Chetumal in Mexico called for the construction of the Canal de Zaragoza. 
In early 2007, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Mexico announced an agreement with Belize for the delimitation of the maritime boundary in the Bay of Chetumal. This announcement initially sparked widespread public rejection of Quintana Roo, because of a version that implied a territorial return to Belize would include inland areas. It was later clarified that it was only a correction of the maritime boundary, which did not change the border treaty of 1893.
Border.
Under the treaty, the border starts at Boca Bacalar Chico, a narrow channel that separates the southern tip of the Caribbean coast of the Yucatan Peninsula and Ambergris Caye. It then runs through Chetumal Bay in a broken line up to the mouth of the Hondo River. The border follows the Hondo River through its deepest channel and then along its tributary, Blue Creek, until it reaches the meridian of Garbutt's Falls (approximately 89° 9' W). From this point, it runs directly south to 17° 49' N latitude; the border established between Mexico and Guatemala.
Currently the border has two official crossings where there are international bridges. The main one is located between Subteniente Lopez, Quintana Roo, Mexico, and Santa Elena. Corozal District, Belize, is located about 10 miles from Chetumal, which is the capital of Quintana Roo and main city of the region. The border between Mexico and Belize is one of the lesser-used borders by Mexicans, but it gained notoriety due to the recent reports of drug trafficking across the border, with drug traffickers attracted by the border's relative isolation. This problem has also become more prevalent due to a significant increase in economic activity and tourism, especially on the part of Belize, on the border. It has also become more commonplace due to Lieutenant Lopez establishing a free trade zone and the construction of casinos in the area. These are banned in Mexico and are considered a major tourist attraction. 
Bilateral agreements between Mexico and Belize have been made to combat the issue of drug trafficking across the Belize-Mexico border.

</doc>
<doc id="19498387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498387" title="Descendants of George III and Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz">
Descendants of George III and Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz

Here follows a list of children, grandchildren and great-grandchildren of King George III of the United Kingdom and Hanover and his wife, Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz. Their children include King George IV of the United Kingdom and Hanover, King William IV of the United Kingdom and Hanover, and King Ernest Augustus I of Hanover. Their grandchildren include Queen Victoria of the United Kingdom and King George V of Hanover. Their great-grandchildren include King Edward VII of the United Kingdom and Ernest Augustus, Crown Prince of Hanover.
Illegitimate grandchildren.
Princess Charlotte, the Prince of Wales's daughter, was the King's only legitimate grandchild for the entirety of her life. With her death in 1817, the King's unmarried sons scrambled to find appropriate wives from among the German princesses and produce heirs to the throne; but before this, many had been content to keep mistresses or, in the cases of the Prince of Wales and the Duke of Sussex, to marry invalidly. As a result, George III and Queen Charlotte had 56 illegitimate grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="19498394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498394" title="Toutorsky Mansion">
Toutorsky Mansion

The Toutorsky Mansion is a five-story, 18-room house located at 1720 16th Street, NW in the Dupont Circle neighborhood of Washington, D.C. As of 2012, it is the location of the embassy of the Republic of the Congo.
The mansion was completed in 1894 for U.S. Supreme Court Justice Henry Billings Brown, who paid $25,000 in 1891 to buy the land from the Riggs family and spent $40,000 on its construction.
The house was designed by architect William Henry Miller, the first graduate of Cornell University's School of Architecture, who modeled the exterior on 16th-century Flemish buildings, and the interior using a mixture of Gothic, Elizabethan, Jacobean, and Colonial elements. The house contains eight fireplaces and a main staircase featuring hand-carved griffins. "With its stepped and scroll-edged gables, insistent rows of windows, dark red brick, and strong horizontal stone courses, it is a rare iteration of Renaissance Flemish architecture in a city whose architectural ancestry is overwhelmingly English and French," according to the AIA Guide to the Architecture of Washington, D.C.
The house is a contributing property to the 16th Street Historic District and cannot be demolished or significantly altered without permission from the city's Historic Preservation Review Board.
History.
The mansion "provided shelter for some of the most profound deliberations and negotiations in the nation's history"; while living at the house, Justice Brown wrote the segregation-justifying "Plessy v. Ferguson" decision and voted to uphold the Chinese Exclusion Act, the nation's first law banning a class of immigrants by race or nationality. Brown lived in the house until he died in 1913. 
The house had several owners over the next several decades. From 1924 to 1927, the mansion was rented to the Persian Legation to the United States.
In 1942, the house was purchased by the Zionist Organization of America, which pushed the U.S. government, Congress, and the American public to recognize Israel in 1948. The group, which used the building as its headquarters through 1947, moved some interior walls to create better office spaces.
Toutorsky purchase.
The house was purchased in 1947 by Basil Peter Toutorsky. Born in 1896 in Novocherkassk, Russia, Toutorsky was a hereditary nobleman who had studied law at the nobles-only Imperial University of Moscow and music at the Moscow Conservatory of Music. He served in the Imperial Russian Navy during World War I, surviving the explosion of the Russian battleship "Empress Maria" in the Black Sea in 1916; then fought for the White Russians who tried to overthrow the October Revolution. In 1920, he fled from the Crimea to Turkey and arrived in the United States in 1923. With his wife of 11 years, the Mexican opera singer Maria Ignacia Howard Toutorsky, he opened the Toutorsky Academy of Music and ran it for nearly four decades.
Among the furnishings were collections of dolls; swans; World War I medals, decorations and uniforms; stuffed wild animals; Persian carpets and tapestries; heavy antique furniture; and 21 pianos, including a Bechstein concert grand on which Franz Liszt had played. 
In November 1988, the Toutorskys bequeathed the house to Johns Hopkins University's Peabody Conservatory of Music in exchange for an annuity and lifetime use of the mansion's carriage house.
Post-Toutorskys.
After Maria's death in 1988 and Basil's in 1989, the university rented some rooms to students for $1 a month to keep the house occupied. University officials sought $1.5 million for the house, but ultimately sold it December 1990 for $808,000 and used the proceeds to endow a piano studio and a scholarship fund named for Toutorsky.
The buyer was Bruce Johnson, who owned a Dupont Circle firm that performed historic renovations. He pronounced it fundamentally sound, and planned some painting, patching and plastering. Ultimately, he added air-conditioning and bathrooms. The building received much restoration and cosmetic work in preparation for a 1992 fundraising event called "National Symphony Orchestra Decorators' Show House." Johnson used the building to host other community events, meetings and other gatherings. These included "Broadway Cares" benefits for AIDS/HIV research and treatment that featured live performances by cast members of "Angels in America" and other shows visiting the Kennedy Center. Johnson and his partner Keith Kreger also rented out rooms in the house to members of the DC LGBT community, celebrated authors, political biographers, writers for national publications, political organizers, and others.
In 2001, realtor Humberto Gonzalez bought the property for $2.2 million. He sought to run it as a 16-room bed-and-breakfast inn and event venue, but nearby residents objected, and the city ultimately granted him a license to offer just six rooms for rent. In 2008, Gonzalez began seeking to sell the mansion. 
In February 2011, Gonzalez sold the house for $5.75 million to the Republic of the Congo, which announced plans to move its embassy to the property. In subsequent hearings before the Foreign Mission Board of Zoning Adjustment, which rules on applications to locate embassies, Congolese government officials asked to add a driveway to the front yard. The board rejected the request, and the officials promised not to pave over the front yard, whereupon the board approved the application to move the embassy. In September, Congo broke their promise, paving the front yard with concrete and removing three large trees in the process. The Congolese government was then ordered by the U.S. State Department and the District of Columbia Department of Transportation to remove the concrete and restore the yard by Dec. 17. Congo began complying with the order on the deadline day.

</doc>
<doc id="19498404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498404" title="Guatemala–Mexico border">
Guatemala–Mexico border

The Guatemala–Mexico border is the international border between Guatemala and Mexico. It measures and runs between north and west Guatemala (the Guatemalan departments of San Marcos, Huehuetenango, El Quiché and El Petén) and the Mexican states of Quintana Roo, Campeche, Tabasco and Chiapas. The border includes stretches of the Usumacinta River, the Salinas River, and the Suchiate River.
It is across this border that most of the commerce between Mexico and Guatemala and the rest of Central America takes place. In some models, this border represents the division between the Central American region of North America and North America proper.
History.
In 1881, problems arose for Guatemala when President Justo Rufino Barrios claimed lands Soconusco and Chiapas. The initial position of the Government of Mexico was not to accept discussion about their rights in that region. However, from 1882 began talks to resolve the problem between Matías Romero and Justo Rufino at The Winch at Hacienda de Barrios (Soconusco), where both had possessions. They decided to go to arbitration in the United States. The preliminary agreement was signed in New York on August 12 of 1882, and it was stated that:
"The Republic of Guatemala dispenses with the argument that has held about his rights to the territory of Chiapas and Soconusco department." The position of Mexico is well seated in their rights of those territories. The final boundary treaty was signed in Mexico City on September 27 of 1882. In his first article provides that: "The Republic of Guatemala forever renounce rights that judges have on the territory of the State of Chiapas and Soconusco your district, and therefore considers the territory as part of the United Mexican States." As for the delineation of the border itself, Mexico and Guatemala agreed to use straight lines between key points known and accepted by both countries. The measurement and demarcation work was completed in 1902. Soconusco in Guatemala advanced to the river Suchiate and Mexico received the county of Motozintla.
Immigration issues.
In 2006, Joseph Contreras profiled the issue of Guatemalan immigrants illegally entering Mexico for "Newsweek" magazine and pointed out that while Mexican president Vicente Fox demanded that the United States grant legal residency to millions of undocumented Mexican immigrants, Mexico had only granted legal status to 15,000 undocumented immigrants. Additionally, Contreras found that at coffee farms in the Mexican state Chiapas, "40,000 Guatemalan field hands endure backbreaking jobs and squalid living conditions to earn roughly 3.50 a day" and that some farmers "even deduct the cost of room and board from that amount." The Mexican National Institute of Migration estimated that 400,235 people crossed the border illegally every year and that around 150,000 of them intended to enter the United States.
Cities and Border crossing.
Guatemala and Mexico had 10 formal border crossings in 2004:

</doc>
<doc id="19498407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498407" title="Charles Abraham (bishop of Derby)">
Charles Abraham (bishop of Derby)

Charles Thomas Abraham (1857–1945) was the second suffragan Bishop of Derby from 1909 until 1927. Born in 1857, he was educated at Keble College, Oxford. Ordained in 1881, he began his career with a curacy at St Mary’s, Shrewsbury and was subsequently Vicar of All Saints, Shrewsbury then Christ Church, Lichfield before succeeding Bishop Were at Derby. His father, Charles, and his son, Philip, were also bishops; another son, Geoffrey, was killed in action during the First World War. After retiring, a cousin bequeathed Little Moreton Hall in Congleton to him. He died on 27 January 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="19498436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498436" title="Fortunella (film)">
Fortunella (film)

Fortunella is a 1958 Italian film directed by Eduardo De Filippo, with script by Federico Fellini.
Music.
The film's score, composed by Nino Rota, notably contains three memorable motifs, two of which would be reused in Rota's most famous film compositions: "La Dolce Vita" (1960) and "The Godfather" (1972). Another prominent motif had already been used in another Rota composition, "Il Bidone" (1955).
At the 45th Academy Awards, Nino Rota's score for "The Godfather" was removed at the last minute from the list of nominees for Best Original Score when it was discovered that the melody in "Speak Softly Love (Love Theme from The Godfather)" had previously been used in "Fortunella".

</doc>
<doc id="19498442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498442" title="Manuel de Jesús Andrade Suárez">
Manuel de Jesús Andrade Suárez

Manuel de Jesús Andrade Suárez (17 April 1860 - 1935) was a Colombian writer and politician.

</doc>
<doc id="19498450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498450" title="2009 Pittsburgh Pirates season">
2009 Pittsburgh Pirates season

The 2009 Pittsburgh Pirates season was a season in American baseball. It is the 128th season of the Pittsburgh Pirates franchise; the 123rd in Major League Baseball (MLB). The season is the franchise's second season under the management of John Russell. With this season, the Pirates became the first franchise in professional sports to have a losing record in 17 consecutive seasons, passing the Philadelphia Phillies of 1933–1948 with 16.
Off-season.
The organization fired pitching coach Jeff Andrews and first-base coach Lou Frazier the day after the 2008 season concluded, but are expected to retain the rest of the staff through 2009. In October 2008, Joe Kerrigan—previously of the Boston Red Sox and Philadelphia Phillies—was hired as the new pitching coach, while Perry Hill became the first base coach. On November 24, the Pirates signed Dinesh Patel and Rinku Singh of India. The pair participated in the "Million Dollar Arm", a contest held in their home country to discover who out of the 30,000 contestants had the strongest, most accurate arm. Having never heard of baseball prior to 2007, both Patel and Singh can throw over 90 mph. The pair will participate at spring training. Management plans to keep closer observations of players' off-season workouts.
Pirates' radio announcer of 33 years, Lanny Frattare, retired prior to the season. Tim Neverett, formerly of Fox Sports Rocky Mountain, was selected to replace him after a search of approximately 200 candidates. In January 2009, the team held its sixth "PirateFest" at the David L. Lawrence Convention Center. The three-day event was attended by 15,127 people, and increased the number of season ticket packages purchased from the 2008 season. President Frank Coonelly stated that the team had fallen behind the Pittsburgh Steelers and Pittsburgh Penguins from a "marketing and business perspective", but are "...working hard to get ourselves back up to where we belong both in Major League Baseball and Pittsburgh." The Pirates added sleeves to their uniform, and added an alternate uniform with a gold-colored "P" on the chest which will be worn during select games.
Spring training.
The Pirates pre-season schedule consisted of 35 games in Bradenton, Florida, including two evening games and a game against the Netherlands national baseball team. When pitchers and catchers reported on February 13, three of twelve pitching positions were set: starter Paul Maholm, set-up man John Grabow, and closer Matt Capps. The Pirates entered spring training with 21 of 40 different players from 2008 spring training; among those were Eric Hinske, Ramón Vázquez, and Jason Jaramillo who were acquired during the off-season. Beginning March 5, Ian Snell, Ramón Vázquez, and John Grabow represented their countries in the 2009 World Baseball Classic. The Pirates finished spring training with a 17–15 record. "It gives us some confidence", said John Russell, "We worked hard all spring." The Pirates opening day salary was US$50,984,000. The Pirates finalized their opening day roster two days prior to the season opener (asterik noting new players for the 2009 season):
Regular season.
April.
The Pirates opened the season with a 6–4 win over the St. Louis Cardinals, scoring four runs in the final inning to win their third consecutive come-from-behind opening day game. The Pirates had 17 hits two games later to beat the Cardinals 7–4, but were held to one hit the next day and split their opening series two games to two. Rain shortened the Pirates' series in Cincinnati to two games; Pittsburgh won the first game 10–2 after Ryan Doumit hit his first career grand slam in the final inning. On April 13, the Pirates completed the league's first triple play of the season and the Pirates' first in 16 years; however, they lost the game 2–0. In the team's home opener on April 13, Zach Duke pitched a complete game shutout, as the Pirates defeated the Houston Astros, 7–0. In the game, both the Pirates and the Astros wore Pittsburgh Police hats in honor of three officers who were shot and killed on April 4. The pre-game ceremonies honored the officers, as well as former Pirates pitcher and current broadcaster Steve Blass for this 50th season with the team, and included a flyover by four Apache helicopters from the 1/104th Attack Reconnaissance Battalion of the Pennsylvania Army National Guard. In the first Saturday afternoon game in Pittsburgh since 2005, Craig Monroe hit two three-run home runs in consecutive innings to give the Pirates their first back-to-back victories of the season. On April 21, catcher Ryan Doumit announced that surgery was needed to fix a broken bone in his wrist, and that he would miss eight to ten weeks. Later in the day, the Pirates beat the Florida Marlins 3–2, taking them two games above .500 since the first series of the 2007 season. The following day the Pirates swept the Marlins for the first time since 2005, giving Pittsburgh their best start through 15 games since 2002. The Pirates took two games out of three against the San Diego Padres, before closing April by getting swept by the Milwaukee Brewers. Andy LaRoche hit safely in a career high 11 games during the later part of the month.
Pittsburgh finished the month with an 11–10 record—the first time since 2002 that the team was over .500 at April's end. The team was tied for third place in the NL Central division, four games behind the St. Louis Cardinals, who finished the month with the league's best record. The pitching staff posted a league-low 3.41 earned run average (ERA), due in part to first-year pitching coach Joe Kerrigan teaching pitchers to base pitches on hitters' tendencies.
May.
The Cincinnati Reds defeated the Pirates in two games out of three at PNC Park to open May. The concluding two games of the homestand saw the Pirates lose their 16 and 17th consecutive games to the Milwaukee Brewers—the second longest streak of any team over another in MLB history. The Pirates were swept during a two game series in St. Louis—the losses extended Pittsburgh's losing streak to five consecutive road games and nine out of their past ten overall. The Pirates were swept by the New York Mets in their first series at New York's Citi Field, extending their losing streak to eight consecutive games. The Pirates returned home to defeat the St. Louis Cardinals in two out of three games. On May 13, Adam LaRoche became the first player in MLB history to have a home run taken away due to instant replay, during a procedure put into effect in August 2008. The Pirates concluded their homestand by taking two games out of three against the Colorado Rockies—finishing their homestand with a 4–2 record. In the final game of the Rockies's series Pittsburgh scored ten runs in one inning for the first time since August 2003. The Pirates won three out of four games against the Washington Nationals, extending their winning streak to five games. The Pirates continued their road trip with six games in Chicago—becoming the first team in MLB history to play the Cubs and White Sox in back-to-back series. After losing their first two games of the first interleague series of the season against the White Sox, Jack Wilson hit his first home run of the year to tie the final game of the series with two outs in the final inning; Nyjer Morgan scored the winning run later in the inning. On May 25, Freddy Sanchez became the first Pirate to acquire six hits in one game since Wally Backman in 1990, as the Pirates defeated the Cubs. The Pirates lost two out of three games against the Cubs, scoring a total of three runs in their losses. The Pirates concluded the month by losing two games out of three to the Houston Astros. Nate McLouth hit a home run to lead off the final game of the month, but the Pirates score any other runs, losing 2–1. Throughout May the Pirates accumulated a 11–17 record, finishing 20–28 overall for the season. The team was in fifth place in the National League Central division.
June.
The Pirates began the month with a four-game series against the New York Mets, although it was shortened to three games when the June 3 game was postponed. The Pirates won all three games that were played. On June 4, the Pirates traded All Star Nate McLouth to the Atlanta Braves for three minor league players, including future starting pitcher Charlie Morton. Later in the day, the team promoted outfielder Andrew McCutchen from AAA Indianapolis, who became the team's regular starting center fielder. The Pirates then dropped two of three to the Astros in Houston, and two of four to the Atlanta Braves before returning home for the start of Interleague play. They took two games from the Tigers before going on another road series, first to Minnesota (where they only won one game), and then to Colorado (where they were swept). They then came back home to win two of three against both the Cleveland Indians and the Kansas City Royals. In the game against the Royals on June 26, starting pitcher Virgil Vasquez earned his first win in his major league debut. The Pirates then played a three game series against Chicago which stretched into July, which they lost two games to three. On June 30, starting center fielder Nyjer Morgan and relief pitcher Sean Burnett were traded to the Washington Nationals in exchange for Lastings Milledge and Joel Hanrahan. Hanrahan was put on the starting roster immediately, but Milledge was forced to go through a series of rehab-starts in AAA Indianapolis before being called up, due to an existing injury.
July.
The Pirates lost the first game of the month against the Cubs, then played the Mets in the make-up of the postponed June 3 game. They lost 9–8 in 10 innings, despite having tied up the game off of All-Star closer Francisco Rodríguez. The Pirates then went to Florida to face the Marlins, and lost two games to three. They fared no better on their trip to Houston, where they also won only one game, and then they were swept by the Phillies in their next series. On July 17, in the first of a three game series against the San Francisco Giants, reliever Evan Meek picked up his first win of the season in a 14-inning game. They also won the next game, though they would lose the series finale. On July 20, in the first of a three-game series against the Brewers, the benches were cleared in eighth inning when Milwaukee pitcher Chris Smith hit Pittsburgh reliever Jeff Karstens with a pitch. The Pirates won that game 8–5, and the series 2–1. Their next road trip took them to Atlanta, where they dropped three of five, and then to San Francisco, where they were swept. Before the final game of the series on July 29, the Pirates traded veteran shortstop Jack Wilson to the Seattle Mariners in exchange for future starting shortstop Ronny Cedeño and four Minor League players. After the game, the Pirates traded three-time All-Star second baseman Freddy Sanchez to the Giants for minor league pitcher Tim Alderson. On July 31, the Pirates returned home for a four-game series against the Nationals which stretched into August.
August.
Though they won the games on both July 31 and August 1, the Pirates lost the next two games to split the series 2–2. This started an eight-game losing streak, against the Nationals, the Diamondbacks, and the Cardinals, which ended August 11 when the Pirates defeated the Rockies in Colorado. They lost the next two against the Rockies, and the next two against the Cubs. The August 16 game in Chicago was postponed because of rain. Returning home, the Pirates swept the Brewers and took two of three from the Reds and Phillies. The Pirates didn't win a game the rest of the month, being swept by the Brewers and the Reds in a series stretching into September.
September.
The Pirates opened the month of September losing both games in a doubleheader against the Reds. They then returned home to play the Cardinals, against whom they won one game out of three. They then lost the first game of a three-game series against the Cubs, giving them their 82nd loss, and setting the record for most consecutive losing seasons in any sport since the 1933–1948 Philadelphia Phillies.
Awards and honors.
2009 Major League Baseball All-Star Game
Transactions.
Pre-Season.
"(October 29, 2008 – April 4, 2009)"
In-Season.
"(April 5, 2009 – November 4, 2009)"
Farm system.
LEAGUE CHAMPIONS: Lynchburg

</doc>
<doc id="19498464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498464" title="Kosei Shibasaki">
Kosei Shibasaki

Kosei Shibasaki (柴崎 晃誠, born August 28, 1984 in Nagasaki) is a Japanese footballer who plays for Tokushima Vortis in the J. League Division 2.
In June 2011, Shibasaki was called up to be part of the Japan squad that faced Peru, although he did not play.
Career Stats.
Last update: "3 February 2014"
1Includes Japanese Super Cup and FIFA Club World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19498469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498469" title="Clocker (disambiguation)">
Clocker (disambiguation)

Clocker or Clockers may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19498471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498471" title="Timbiriche VII">
Timbiriche VII

Timbiriche VII is the 7th album from Mexican pop music group Timbiriche. It was released on March 3, 1987. This album marked the beginning of Thalía's participation in the group, and in the same year, she also appeared in the Quinceañera telenovela.
The group consisted of Paulina Rubio, Alix, Mariana Garza, Eduardo Capetillo, Erick Rubín, Diego Schoening and Thalía who replaced Sasha Sokol, The album contained the hit singles, such as "Con Todos Menos Conmigo", "Si No Es Ahora", "Besos de Ceniza", "Magico Amor", "No Seas Tan Cruel" and "Rompecabezas". The album is the fifth best-selling album of all time in Mexico with six million copies, but it is the highest-selling album ever by a music group.

</doc>
<doc id="19498473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498473" title="Ahmed ibn Nasir">
Ahmed ibn Nasir

For the 19th-century historian see Ahmad ibn Khalid al-Nasiri.
Ahmed ibn Nasir (sometimes spelled Bennacer) (1647–1717) was a Moroccan Sufi writer and teacher of the Nasiriyya zawiyya of Tamegroute, son of its founder Mohammed ibn Nasir. He made six pilgrimages to Mecca and made each of these pilgimages into a journey of several years. Sidi Ahmed ibn Nasir travelled to Ethiopia, Arabia, Egypt, Iraq and Persia. During his travels he took the opportunity of establishing new branches of the Sufi brotherhood. He wrote a series of memoirs of his journeys called the "Rihla" (partly translated by A. Berbrugger in 1846). He brought back numerous works from all parts of the Islamic world, which formed the basis of the library of the Tamegroute.

</doc>
<doc id="19498484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498484" title="Kanjirankulam Bird Sanctuary">
Kanjirankulam Bird Sanctuary

Kanjirankulam Bird Sanctuary is a Protected area near Mudukulathur Ramanathapuram District, Tamil Nadu. India, declared in 1989. . It is adjacent to Chitrangudi Bird Sanctuary. It is notable as a nesting site for several migratory Heron species that roost in the prominent growth of Babul trees there. International name: Chitragudi and Kanjirankulam Bird Sanctuary, IBA Code: IN261, Criteria: A1, A4i. 
Flora.
The sanctuary vegetation is mostly Tropical Dry Deciduous forest. It is dominated by Babul along with Prosopis juliflora and the grasses Bermuda grass and Eremopogon foveolatus. The invasive Prosopis is slowly encroaching on much of the sanctuary area, retarding growth of Babuls. The irrigation tank bund and the area outside the tank have Tamarind trees, Fig trees, Neem trees, Portia trees, Silk trees (Albizzia amara), Drumstick trees (Tamil: murungai, முருங்கை), and Palmyra palms.
Fauna.
The breeding population of migratory waterbirds arrive here between October and February and include: Painted stork, White ibis, Black ibis, Little egret, Great egret.
Visitor Information.
The sanctuary can be reached by road from Mudukulathur 8 km and Madurai 117 km. The Nearest Railway is Paramakudi 15 km and the nearest Airport is Madurai. 
Accommodation is available at PWD Rest House at Mudukalathur 7 km, the Forest Rest House at Sayalgudi – 30 km and Paramakudi. 
Contact: Wildlife Warden, Gulf of Mannar Biosphere Reserve, Mandapam, Ramanathapuram Dt., Tamil Nadu. Phone:04567-230079

</doc>
<doc id="19498497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498497" title="Elmira Civic Historic District">
Elmira Civic Historic District

The Elmira Civic Historic District is the area of downtown Elmira, New York where the governmental center developed in the town's early history. It includes the Chemung County Courthouse Complex, John Hazlett Office Building and the Arnot Art Museum/Icehouse, all on Lake Street. Among the contributing buildings on Church Street are the Richardson Romanesque style Armory Building, the Beaux Arts-style City Hall, designed by J. H. Pierce and H. H. Bickford, and the U. S. Post Office. Other buildings are on nearby Baldwin Street, Market Street and Carroll Street. The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="19498506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498506" title="Mansfield Freeman">
Mansfield Freeman

Mansfield Freeman was born in Waltham, Massachusetts on September 16, 1895, the son of Luther Freeman, a Methodist minister. He was one of the original management group that started an insurance business in China that became the American International Group (AIG). He also was a prominent scholar of Chinese philosophy and a generous philanthropist. He died on November 17, 1992 at his farm in Greensboro, Vermont at the age of 97.
Freeman was also the founder of the Freeman Foundation. He was an alumnus of Wesleyan University in Connecticut, year of 1916. The Freeman Asian Scholarship was established at Wesleyan in his honor. In addition, his endowment established the Freeman Center for East Asian Studies at the university. 
Freeman's published works include an introduction to and translation of "Preservation of Learning" by Yen Yuan, a 17th-century Chinese philosopher. In 1990, he co-authored "Tai Chen and Mencius: Explorations in Words and Meaning" with Annping Chin, who is now a professor at Yale.

</doc>
<doc id="19498507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498507" title="Arctostaphylos nissenana">
Arctostaphylos nissenana

Arctostaphylos nissenana is a species of manzanita known by the common name Nissenan manzanita. It is endemic to California, where it grows in the woodlands and chaparral of the Sierra Nevada foothills, mostly in El Dorado County. 
Description.
This is a shrub reaching a maximum height between one half and 1.5 meters, with gray bark and fuzzy twigs. The leaves are grayish in color, smooth or fuzzy, oval in shape and 1 to 2 centimeters long. It blooms in plentiful small clusters of urn-shaped manzanita flowers, each with five lobes at its mouth. The fruit is a cylindrical drupe a few centimeters long containing five seeds.

</doc>
<doc id="19498515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498515" title="Nella città l'inferno">
Nella città l'inferno

"Nella città l'inferno" ("Behind Closed Shutters") is a 1959 Italian film directed by Renato Castellani.
Plot.
Egle (Anna Magnani) is an inmate of a female jail. Lina (Giulietta Masina) is a nervous newcomer who is much more temperate, with some naiveness even. Egle influences Lina and she convinces her so, successfully, Lina extorts the man who had incriminated her (Antonio Zampi detto Adone, by Alberto Sordi). Lina is released out of the prison thus. However, still in jail, Egle meets Lina again as she has been detained by exerting prostitution, with a marginal demeanor which is due to Egle's previous influence on her.

</doc>
<doc id="19498535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498535" title="Comedo extraction">
Comedo extraction

Comedo extraction is a widely used method of treatment for acne vulgaris. A dermatologist or cosmetologist may extract blackheads (open comedones) using gentle pressure around the pore opening, and whiteheads (closed comedones) by incision with a large needle or a blade.
If performed skillfully, this treatment may be beneficial to the patient. Possible negative effects of the procedure include incomplete extraction, refilling, scarring and tissue damage. There are few articles describing the use of comedo extraction in peer-reviewed dermatology journals. In one 1964 study of extraction of non-inflamed whiteheads on patients' foreheads (the only study of the procedure cited in a 2007 literature review), the procedure reduced the number of future inflamed lesions and the recurrence rate of comedones, but worsened patients' inflamed cystic lesions.
Comedo extraction tools manufacturers.
Here is a list of comedo extractors brands/manufacturers:
Please note that the "made in" field means where the product is manufactured, not where the branding company is located.

</doc>
<doc id="19498549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498549" title="Wisconsin v. Michigan">
Wisconsin v. Michigan

Two Supreme Court cases, Wisconsin v. Michigan, 295 U.S. 455 (1935) and Wisconsin v. Michigan, 297 U.S. 547 (1936), settled a border dispute between Wisconsin and Michigan. 
Lake Superior to Lac Vieux Desert.
An original description of the portion of the Wisconsin-Michigan boundary in 1838 was based on inaccurate maps. 
The Green Bay Channel and Island.
The 1836 boundary description described the line through northwest Lake Michigan as “the most usual ship channel”. This description needed clarification as two routes were in use. A 1926 Supreme Court decision chose the northernmost ship channel, in which Michigan lost the intervening water area and four islands: Plum, Detroit, Washington, and Rock.

</doc>
<doc id="19498558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498558" title="Nucleon pair breaking in fission">
Nucleon pair breaking in fission

Nucleon pair breaking in fission has been an important topic in nuclear physics for decades. "Nucleon pair" refers to nucleon pairing effects which strongly influence the nuclear properties of a nuclide.
The most measured quantities in research on nuclear fission are the charge and mass fragments yields for uranium-235 and other fissile nuclides. In this sense, experimental results on charge distribution for low-energy fission of actinides present a preference to even "Z" fragment, which is called odd-even effect on charge yield.
The importance of these distributions is because they are the result of rearrangement of nucleons on the fission process due to the interplay between collective variables and individual particle levels; therefore they permit to understand several aspects of dynamics of fission process. The process from saddle (when nucleus begins its irreversible evolution to fragmentation) to scission point (when fragments are formed and nuclear interaction between fragments dispels), fissioning system shape changes but also promote nucleons to excited particle levels. 
Because, for even "Z" (proton number) and even "N" (neutron number) nuclei, there is a gap from ground state to first excited particle state—which is reached by nucleon pair breaking—fragments with even "Z" is expected to have a higher probability to be produced than those with odd "Z".
The preference even "Z" even "N" divisions is interpreted as the preservation of superfluidity during the descent from saddle to scission. The absence of odd-even effect means that process is rather viscous.
Contrary to observed for charge distributions no odd-even effect on fragments mass number ("A") is observed. This result is interpreted by the hypothesis that in fission process always there will be nucleon pair breaking, which may be proton pair or neutron pair breaking in low energy fission of uranium-234, uranium-236, and plutonium-240 studied by Modesto Montoya.

</doc>
<doc id="19498566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498566" title="Aqua discography">
Aqua discography

The discography of Aqua, a Danish-Norwegian dance-pop group, contains three studio albums, two compilation albums, three remix albums and 22 singles.

</doc>
<doc id="19498574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498574" title="The High Life (1960 film)">
The High Life (1960 film)

The High Life (; ) is a 1960 French, West German and Italian film directed by Julien Duvivier, based on the novel "Das kunstseidene Mädchen" ("The Artificial Silk Girl") by Irmgard Keun.
Plot.
Doris Putzke (Giulietta Masina) is fond of dating men in her quest for finding the perfect one. In her brief relationships, Doris is engaged, disturbing the relationships of her closest acquaintances while seeking material favors of other men as well.

</doc>
<doc id="19498587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498587" title="Wilmington High School (Illinois)">
Wilmington High School (Illinois)

Wilmington High School is a public high school located in Wilmington, Illinois, U.S.A., in Will County. It is operated by Wilmington School District 209-U.

</doc>
<doc id="19498595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498595" title="Georges Renaud">
Georges Renaud

Georges Renaud (8 January 1893, Nancy – 28 July 1975, Peille) was a French chess master, theoretician and organizer.
He won the first French Chess Championship at Paris 1923. He represented France in 1st unofficial Chess Olympiad at Paris 1924, and in the 1st Chess Olympiad at London 1927.
He is an author of "Le problème d'échecs" (1924) – jointly with Alain Campbell White, "Les échecs" (1945) – jointly with Victor Kahn, "L'art de faire mat" (1947), "Les six candidats au championnat du monde" (1948) "La partie espagnole" (1949), "Les échecs dans la monde 1951" (1952).

</doc>
<doc id="19498596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498596" title="Trott Moloto">
Trott Moloto

Trott Nchilo Moloto (born 19 July 1956 in Pietersburg) is a South African football (soccer) coach.
Coaching career.
Among others, he previously coached South Africa, Mamelodi Sundowns, Maritzburg United and also had a stint at Tanzanian club Simba SC. leading mamelodi sundowns to a stunning 11 wins a row

</doc>
<doc id="19498600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498600" title="Bryan Hassel">
Bryan Hassel

Bryan C. Hassel is an expert on education issues such as Charter Schools, school turnarounds, education entrepreneurship and human capital in education and co-director of Public Impact a national education policy and management consulting firm based in Chapel Hill, North Carolina. Hassel received his doctorate in public policy from Harvard University and his masters in politics from Oxford University, which he attended as a Rhodes Scholar. He earned his B.A. at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, which he attended as a Morehead Scholar.
Major Work.
In addition to numerous articles, monographs, and how-to guides for practitioners, he is the co-author with Emily Ayscue Hassel of "Picky Parent Guide: Choose Your Child's School with Confidence" and author of "The Charter School Challenge: Avoiding the Pitfalls, Fulfilling the Promise," published by the Brookings Institution Press in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="19498631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498631" title="2008–09 GET-ligaen season">
2008–09 GET-ligaen season

The 2008–09 GET-ligaen season began on 18 September 2008 and is scheduled to end 22 February 2009.
Regular season.
Final standings.
"GP = Games played; W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; OTW = Overtime Wins; OTL = Overtime Losses; GF = Goals For; GA = Goals Against; PTS = Points"<br>Source: "PointStreak".com<br>1 Vålerenga got deducted 3 points due to unsportsmanlike misconduct by Vålerenga GM Jan Tore Kjær after a match against league winners Sparta Warriors on 5 October 2008.<br>2 Due to poor economy; Stjernen got deducted 15 points, while Furuset and Comet got deducted 10 points.
Statistics.
Scoring leaders.
"GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; +/– = Plus/Minus; PIM = Penalty Minutes"
Leading goaltenders.
"GP = Games Played; Min = Minutes played; W = Wins; L = Losses; GA = Goals Against; SO = Shutouts; Sv% = Save Percentage; GAA = Goals Against Average"
Promotion/Relegation.
"GP = Games played; W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; OTW = Overtime Wins; OTL = Overtime Losses; GF = Goals For; GA = Goals Against; PTS = Points"<br>Source: hockey.no

</doc>
<doc id="19498632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498632" title="Arctostaphylos obispoensis">
Arctostaphylos obispoensis

Arctostaphylos obispoensis is a species of manzanita known by the common names serpentine manzanita and bishop manzanita. It is endemic to California, where it is known only from the southern Santa Lucia Mountains of Monterey and San Luis Obispo Counties. It grows in the woodlands and forests of the coastal range, usually on serpentine soil. This is a shrub growing to a maximum height of at least a meter, but known to sprawl to over four meters in height. The small branches and newer leaves are woolly. The mature leaves are hairless and oblong to widely lance-shaped and up to 4.5 centimeters long. The inflorescence is a dense cluster of urn-shaped manzanita flowers. The fruit is a waxy drupe at least a centimeter wide.

</doc>
<doc id="19498673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498673" title="Princess Alice of the United Kingdom">
Princess Alice of the United Kingdom

Princess Alice of the United Kingdom (Alice Maud Mary; 25 April 1843 – 14 December 1878), Princess Louis and Grand Duchess of Hesse and by Rhine by marriage, was the third child and second daughter of Queen Victoria and Prince Albert of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha.
Alice's education was devised by Albert's close friend and adviser, Baron Stockmar. Like her other siblings, Alice spent her early childhood in the company of her parents and siblings, travelling between the British royal residences. In 1861, when Prince Albert became ill with typhoid fever, Alice nursed him through his final illness; he died on 14 December. Following his death, Queen Victoria entered a period of intense mourning and Alice spent the next six months acting as her mother's unofficial secretary. On 1 July 1862, while the court was still at the height of mourning, Alice married the minor German Prince Louis of Hesse, heir to the Grand Duchy of Hesse. The ceremony—conducted privately and with unrelieved gloom at Osborne House—was described by the Queen as "more of a funeral than a wedding". The Princess' life in Darmstadt was unhappy as a result of impoverishment, family tragedy, and worsening relations with her husband and mother.
Alice was a prolific patron of women's causes, especially nursing, and was a follower of Florence Nightingale. When Hesse became involved in the Austro-Prussian War, Darmstadt filled with the injured; and the heavily pregnant Alice devoted much of her time to the management of field hospitals. One of her organisations, the Princess Alice Women's Guild, became a national one, taking over much of the day-to-day running of the military hospitals. As a result of this activity, Queen Victoria became concerned about Alice's directness about medical, and, in particular, gynaecological, matters. In 1871, for example, she wrote to Alice's younger sister, Princess Louise, who had recently married: ""Don't" let Alice pump you. Be "very" silent and cautious about your "interior"".
Alice befriended and promoted the theologian David Friedrich Strauss, who provided an intellectual basis for her faith instead of the traditional sentimentality of Victorian religion. In 1877, Alice became Grand Duchess upon the accession of her husband; and her increased duties put a further strain on her health. The following year, she travelled to England for the last time, holidaying in Eastbourne at the Queen's expense. In the latter months of 1878, diphtheria infected the Hessian court; and Alice nursed her family for over a month before falling ill herself.
She died on the 17th anniversary of her father's death, 14 December 1878, at the New Palace in Darmstadt. She was the first of Queen Victoria's nine children to die, and one of three to be outlived by their mother, who survived until 1901.
Princess Alice was mother of Tsarina Alexandra Feodorovna of Russia (empress consort of Tsar Nicholas II), maternal grandmother of Louis Mountbatten, the last Viceroy of India, and the maternal great-grandmother of Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, consort of Queen Elizabeth II. Another daughter, Elizabeth, who had married Grand Duke Sergei Alexandrovich of Russia, was, like the tsarina and her family, killed by the Bolsheviks in 1918. 
Early life.
Birth.
Alice was born on 25 April 1843 at Buckingham Palace, London. She was the second daughter and third child of the reigning British monarch, Queen Victoria, and her husband Prince Albert of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha. She was named Alice to honour Victoria's first Prime Minister, Lord Melbourne, who was a passionate admirer of the Queen and had once commented that the name "Alice" was his favourite female name. Maud, the Anglo-Saxon name for Matilda, was chosen in honour of one of Alice's godparents, Princess Sophia Matilda of Gloucester, a niece of King George III. Mary was chosen because Alice was born on the same day as her great-aunt, Princess Mary, Duchess of Gloucester. Alice was christened in the private chapel at Buckingham Palace by William Howley, the Archbishop of Canterbury, on 2 June 1843. Her gender was greeted with a mixture of feeling from the public, and even the Privy Council sent a message to Albert expressing its "congratulation and condolence" on the birth of a second daughter. The godparents selected by the Queen were Ernest I, King of Hanover, for whom Prince Adolphus, Duke of Cambridge stood proxy; Feodora, Princess of Hohenlohe-Langenburg, for whom Princess Victoria, Duchess of Kent stood proxy; Ernest II, Hereditary Prince of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha. for whom Frederick William, Hereditary Grand Duke of Mecklenburg-Strelitz stood proxy; and Princess Sophia Matilda of Gloucester.
Childhood.
Alice's birth prompted her parents to find a larger family home. Buckingham Palace was not equipped with the private apartments that Victoria's growing family needed, including suitable nurseries. Therefore, in 1844, Victoria and Albert purchased Osborne House on the Isle of Wight as a family holiday home. Alice's education was devised by her father and his close friend, Baron Stockmar. At Osborne, Alice and her siblings were taught practical skills such as housekeeping, cooking, gardening and carpentry. Victoria and Albert favoured a monarchy based on family values; and Alice and her siblings, who wore middle class clothing on a daily basis, slept in sparsely furnished bedrooms with little heating. Alice was fascinated with the world outside the Royal Household; and, at Balmoral, where she seemed happiest, she visited the tenants living and working on the estate. On one occasion, she escaped from her governess at the chapel at Windsor Castle and sat in a public pew, so she could better understand people who were not strict adherents to royal protocol. In 1854, during the Crimean War, the eleven-year old Alice toured London hospitals for wounded soldiers with her mother and her eldest sister. She was the most emotionally sensitive of her siblings and was sympathetic to other people's burdens, possessing a sharp tongue and an easily triggered temper.
In her childhood, Alice formed a close relationship with her brother, the Prince of Wales, and her eldest sister, Victoria, the Princess Royal. Alice shared a close companionship with her sister, and was upset when she married Prince Frederick of Prussia in 1858. After that, she was closest to the Prince of Wales, with whom she held a tight and intimate bond.
Family caregiver.
Alice's compassion for other people's suffering established her role as the family caregiver in 1861. Her grandmother Victoria, Duchess of Kent, Queen Victoria's mother, died at Frogmore on 16 March 1861. Alice had spent much of her time at her grandmother's side, often played the piano for her in Frogmore's drawing room, and nursed her through the final illness. Following her mother's death, the Queen broke down with grief and relied heavily on Alice, to whom Albert had given the instruction: "Go and comfort Mama." The Queen wrote to her uncle, King Leopold of Belgium, that "dear good Alice was full of intense tenderness, affection and distress for me".
Only a few months later, on 14 December 1861, Albert died at Windsor Castle. During his final illness, Alice remained at his bedside. Alice sent for the Prince of Wales by telegram, without the knowledge of the Queen, who refused to notify him because she blamed him for Albert's death. The Queen was distraught by her husband's death, and the court entered a period of intense mourning. Alice became her mother's unofficial secretary, and for the next six months, the physical representation of the monarch. Through her passed the Queen's official papers to and from her government ministers, while the Queen secluded herself from all public life. Alice was aided in this task by her younger sister Princess Louise. Although Princess Helena, Louise's elder sister, would normally have been selected to assist, her inability to go long without crying was held against her.
Marriage.
Suitors.
Alice's matrimonial plans were begun in 1860 by her mother. Queen Victoria had expressed her wish that her children should marry for love, but this did not mean that her choice of suitors was extended to anybody outside the royal houses of Europe. Raising a British subject to royalty, however high their rank, was politically objectionable, and also wasted any opportunity for a useful foreign alliance. The Queen instructed her daughter Victoria, Princess Royal, recently married to the future German Emperor Frederick III, to produce a list of eligible princes in Europe. Her search produced only two suitable candidates: William, Prince of Orange; and Prince Albert of Prussia, cousin to Victoria's husband Frederick. The Prince of Orange was soon discounted, as it was revealed that he was smitten with a Catholic archduchess and showed no interest in Alice despite strong pressure from his pro-British mother, Queen Sophie of the Netherlands. Nevertheless, he journeyed to Windsor Castle so that Queen Victoria could look him over in person, but he proved unpalatable to Alice. Prince Albrecht, too, was spurned; Alice's brother-in-law, Princess Victoria's husband Prince Frederick of Prussia, remarked that his cousin would not do for "one who deserves the very best". Queen Victoria was strongly anti-Catholic, and discounted her cousin Peter V of Portugal purely because of his religion.
Both of the leading candidates now discounted, Princess Victoria suggested Prince Louis of Hesse, a minor German royal, the nephew of Grand Duke Louis III of Hesse. Princess Victoria had gone to the court of Hesse to inspect Louis's sister, Princess Anna, as a potential bride for her brother, Albert Edward, Prince of Wales. Although not favourably impressed with Princess Anna, she was impressed with Louis and his brother Prince Henry. Both were invited to Windsor Castle in 1860, ostensibly so they could watch the Ascot Races in the company of the royal family; but in reality, the visit was a chance for the Queen to inspect her potential son-in-law. The Queen admired both Louis and Henry, but noted how well Louis and Alice got along together. When the Hessian family departed, Louis requested Alice's photograph, and Alice made it clear that she was attracted to him.
Wedding and children.
Alice was engaged to Prince Louis of Hesse on 30 April 1861, following the Queen's consent. The Queen persuaded the Prime Minister, Lord Palmerston, to vote Alice a dowry of £30,000. Although the amount was considered generous at the time, Prince Albert remarked that "she will not be able to do great things with it" in the little realm of Hesse, compared to the riches that her sister Victoria would inherit as future Queen of Prussia and German Empress. Furthermore, the couple's future home in Darmstadt, the Grand Ducal seat, was uncertain. Although Queen Victoria expected that a new palace would be built, the people of Darmstadt did not want to meet that expense, and the resulting controversy caused resentment there. This meant that Alice was unpopular in Darmstadt before she even arrived.
Between the engagement and the wedding, Alice's father Prince Albert died on 14 December 1861. Despite the Queen's grief, she ordered that the wedding should continue as planned. On 1 July 1862, Alice and Louis were married privately in the dining room of Osborne House, which was converted into a temporary chapel. The Queen was ushered in by her four sons, acting as a living screen blocking her from view, and took her place in an armchair near the altar. Alice was given away by her uncle, Albert's brother Ernest II, Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, and was flanked by four bridesmaids: her younger sisters, Princesses Helena, Louise and Beatrice, as well as Louis's sister Princess Anna. For the ceremony, Alice wore a white dress with a veil of Honiton lace, but was required to wear black mourning clothes before and after the ceremony. The Queen, sitting in an armchair, struggled to hold back her tears, and was shielded from view by the Prince of Wales and Prince Alfred, her second son, who cried throughout the service. The weather at Osborne was dreary, with winds blowing up from the Channel. The Queen wrote to her eldest daughter, Victoria, that the ceremony was "more of a funeral than a wedding", and remarked to Alfred, Lord Tennyson that it was "the saddest day I can remember". The ceremony—described by Gerard Noel as "the saddest royal wedding in modern times"—was over by 4 pm, and the couple set off for their honeymoon at St Claire in Ryde, a house lent to them by the Vernon Harcourt family. Alice's entourage consisted of Lady Churchill, General Seymour and Herr Westerweller (a Hessian courtier).
Alice was careful not to displease the Queen after her marriage. When the Queen visited the couple at St Claire, Alice tried not to appear "too happy". Despite this, Alice's displays of romantic bliss made the Queen jealous of her daughter's happiness.
Princess Alice and Prince Louis had seven children:
Prince Louis of Hesse.
Settling in Darmstadt.
Alice and Louis arrived at Bingen on 12 July 1862 and were greeted by cheering crowds gathered in spite of pouring rain. After being introduced to town officials, they took a train to Mainz, where they breakfasted, before taking a steamer along the Rhine to Gustavsburg. From there, they took a train to Darmstadt, where they were greeted with great enthusiasm. Alice wrote back to her mother that "I believe the people never gave so hearty a welcome", while her sister Helena wrote that "nothing could have been more enthusiastic than her entry into Darmstadt was″. Alice did not adapt immediately to her new surroundings. She was homesick, and could not believe that while she was so far away from England, her father was not still alive and comforting her mother. The Queen confided to her journal: "Already nearly a fortnight since our dear Alice has left and strange to say – much as she has been to me – and dear and precious as a comfort and an assistance, I hardly miss her at all, or felt her going – so utterly alone am I – by that one dreadful loss – that one thought, that everything passed by unheeded!"
The question of Alice's residence became an issue after her arrival, with the Grand Duke unwilling to fund a residence befitting a daughter of Queen Victoria with the low Hessian funds. The pair were given a house in Darmstadt's "Old Quarter", which overlooked the street. The carts rumbling past could easily be heard through the house's thin walls. However, it seemed to suit Alice well, and she spent as much time in Hesse as possible to familiarise herself with her new surroundings. In 1863, she travelled to England for the marriage of her brother, the Prince of Wales, to Princess Alexandra of Denmark, and delivered her first child, Victoria Alberta Elizabeth Matilda Marie, on 5 April in the presence of Queen Victoria. The Darmstadt court chaplain was called over to England especially for the christening.
After returning to Darmstadt in May, Alice and Louis were given a new residence, Kranichstein, north-east of Darmstadt. Alice gave birth to her second daughter Elizabeth, nicknamed "Ella", on 1 November 1864. Alice's decision to breastfeed her newborn daughter upset her mother, who was against breastfeeding. Furthermore, the realisation by the Queen that Alice had found true happiness and would therefore be visiting England less began the difficult relations between mother and daughter that would continue until Alice's death.
Austro-Prussian War.
In 1866, Vienna called for Berlin to hand over the joint Habsburg-Hohenzollern administration to the Augustenborg family. Berlin refused, and Otto von Bismarck sent troops into Austrian-administered Holstein. This provoked war between the Austrian Empire and Prussia, with Hesse siding with the Austrians, technically making Alice and her sister Victoria enemies.
Alice, heavily pregnant with her third child, saw Louis depart to command the Hessian cavalry against the Prussians, and sent her children to stay with Queen Victoria in England. Despite her pregnancy, she performed the royal duties expected of her sex and station, making bandages for troops and preparing hospitals. On 11 July, she gave birth, and when Prussian troops were on the verge of entering Darmstadt, she begged the Grand Duke to surrender on Prussia's terms. This provoked fury from the fiercely anti-Prussian Prince Alexander, but Alice realised that the conquered German states would likely form a union which she, like her sister Victoria, supported.
Alice and Louis communicated extensively during the war, with Alice urging Louis not to take too many risks, and Louis urging her not to worry. Panic ensued in Darmstadt, with the youth corps fleeing their posts, leaving only the palace sentries to defend the city. One general's hysterical behaviour angered Alice after he rushed into a hospital shouting "The Prussians are coming, every man for himself" at 1 am. Eventually an armistice between Prussia and Hesse was concluded, and Louis wrote that they were now "safe". He was reunited with Alice after the two met unexpectedly in the street, and they visited the wounded together. The Prussians entered Darmstadt, and Alice devoted much of her time to the sick and wounded. She was a friend of Florence Nightingale, who was able to collect and send money from England, and Alice used Nightingale's advice as to cleanliness and ventilation in hospitals.
Despite being relieved that war was over, Alice was shocked by the behaviour of Prussian troops in Hesse; Berlin took the grand duchy's railways and telegraph systems, and assessed Hesse for three million florins in indemnity. Alice wrote to her mother, who in turn wrote to Victoria, who responded that there was nothing she could do to relieve the "painful and distressing position darling Alice was in" as it was "one of the unavoidable results of this dreadful war". Influence came from the Emperor of Russia, who urged the Prussian King to allow the Grand Duke to keep his throne. The facts that the Emperor's mother was the Grand Duke's aunt and Alice's sister was also the Prussian Crown Princess is likely to have influenced Prussia's generosity. However, Alice was angered by an untactful visit by Princess Victoria to the conquered region of Homburg, originally part of Hesse, shortly after it became Prussian territory.
David Strauss.
Alice developed a friendship with the theologian David Friedrich Strauss. He was a controversial figure at the time; in 1835, he published "The Life of Jesus", which argued that the Bible could not be literally interpreted as God's word, a view akin to heresy in orthodox circles. Alice's view was similar to Strauss', and she believed that contemporary Victorian society was presenting God in a way that would be "unrecognisable to early Christians". Strauss also offered Alice an intellectual companionship that her husband was not equipped to provide, and he was regularly invited to the New Palace to read to Alice privately. The friendship flourished; Strauss was introduced to Alice's sister Victoria and her brother-in-law Frederick, and he was invited by them to Berlin. In 1870, Strauss wanted to dedicate his new work "Lectures on Voltaire" to Alice, but he was too afraid to ask her; she spared him the need by asking him to dedicate them to her. However, Alice's relationship with Strauss angered Empress Augusta, who labelled Alice a "complete atheist" after hearing about his promotion.
1871: Family and political relations.
January 1871 saw the formation of the German Empire, but Alice's feelings were torn. She was proud that Germany had become united, but was distressed to part with her husband, who was now fighting for the Prussians in the Franco-Prussian War. They were separated for nearly the whole year, only seeing each other during short breaks, and Alice lamented that "the past year has been so unhappy". Late in 1871, Alice travelled to Balmoral to see her mother, but she was recovering from two serious illnesses, and Alice was given the feeling that her mother did not want her there. Alice and Louis therefore went to stay with the Prince and Princess of Wales at Sandringham, where Louis was able to shoot. Shortly before the couple were due to depart Sandringham, however, the Prince of Wales became seriously ill with typhoid fever. The Prince's condition was critical, but after a tense period, he recovered.
After the Prince's recovery, the Queen was anxious that the credit for his recovery should be focused on the Princess of Wales, rather than Alice. The Queen was still mindful that Alice had opposed her choice of husband for Princess Helena, and relations between mother and daughter continued to sour until Alice's death. The Queen was disenchanted with Alice's choice to breastfeed her children, as well as her interest in gynecological matters and the human body. When Alice's sister Louise was married on 21 March 1871, the Queen wrote to Louise: "I would rather you had not met her so soon, for I know her "curiosity" and what is "worse" and what I hardly like to say of my own daughter–and I know her "indelicacy" and coarseness...When she came over in '69 and saw Lenchen again and asked her "such things", that Christian was shocked..." The Queen was also annoyed by Alice's begging letters, pleading poverty, and her habit of trying to cheer the Queen up whenever she visited. The Queen, content in her sorrow, did not want to be cheered up. Alice's dislike of her mother's funerary seclusion worsened their relationship.
Later life.
Tragedy befell Alice on 29 May 1873, when her youngest and favourite son, Friedrich, called "Frittie", died after falling 20 feet from a window. The child suffered from haemophilia, and although he regained consciousness, the internal bleeding could not be stopped. Alice never recovered from Frittie's death, writing to her mother two months later: "I am glad you have a little coloured picture of my darling. I feel lower and sadder than ever and miss him so much, so continually." However, the Queen's attention was more focused on her son Prince Alfred's engagement to the Grand Duchess Marie Alexandrovna of Russia, the only surviving daughter of Tsar Alexander II and his first wife, Empress Marie Alexandrovna. The Tsar had refused to present his daughter for pre-marriage inspection in England, and instead invited the Queen to meet the family in Germany. Alice supported this suggestion, and on the same day she wrote the Queen about how much she missed Frittie, the Queen wrote Alice in scathing terms: "You have entirely taken the Russian side, and I "do not" think, dear child, that "you" should tell "me"..."what" I "ought to do"."
After Frittie's death, Alice attached herself more closely to her only surviving son, Ernest, and her newborn daughter Marie. In 1875 she resumed her public duties, including fund-raising, medical and social work, which had always held her interest. She maintained active correspondence with the social reformer Octavia Hill. However, in these years, relations with her husband deteriorated. In late 1876, she travelled to England for treatment due to an internal complaint caused by a backward curvature of the womb, and remained at Balmoral while she recovered. From Balmoral, she wrote to her husband criticising the childishness of his letters: "f my children wrote me such childish letters – only short accounts – of where and what they had eaten or where they had been etc., and no opinions, observations and remarks, I should be surprised – and how much more so when "you" write like that!" On 3 October 1876, she wrote another despairing letter to Louis:
The following day, Alice wrote a much shorter letter to Louis in which she looked forward to their meeting, and hoped that "my letter did not distress you – but it is better to be quite honest about all one's feelings".
Grand Duchess.
Despite marital problems, Alice remained a strong supporter of her husband, highly critical when his abilities or talents were not fully recognised. On 20 March 1877, Louis' father Prince Charles died, making Louis heir apparent. On 13 June the same year, Grand Duke Louis III died, and Louis and Alice became the Grand Duke and Duchess of Hesse. However, her continued unpopularity in Darmstadt, coupled with her mother not wanting her in England, caused strain, and she and her children spent July and August in Houlgate, Normandy, where Louis often visited them. She was hurt by her reputation in Darmstadt, and she became increasingly bitter towards it; Louis wrote in August 1877 expressing the hope that "bitterness of the salt water will drive away the bitterness that you still feel against Darmstadt. Please my darling, don't speak so harshly of it when I come to join you – it would quite spoil my happiness at seeing you again."
Alice took Louis's letter to heart, responding: "I shall certainly say nothing to you about Darmstadt when you come...I have no intention of saying anything unpleasant, least of "all" to you. You shake off anything unpleasant like a poodle shaking off the water when it comes to the sea – natures like yours are the happiest in "themselves", but they are not made to help, comfort and advise others, nor to share "with" others the heat of life's noon-day or the cool of the evening, with insight, understanding and sympathy." In response, Louis sent a letter that "made cry", and after this letter, Alice's letters to Louis were more encouraging, assuring him of his ability to make decisions by himself.
Alice and Louis's return to Darmstadt as Grand Duke and Duchess was met with celebration that Alice did not expect. However, she found her duties overwhelming, writing to her mother that she "dreaded everything". Alice used her new role to reform the social conditions of Darmstadt, but found the responsibility of being "Landesmutter" (mother of her people) strenuous. In another letter to her mother, she wrote that her duties were "more than she could stand in the long run". She was distressed by a rumour that she was once unkind to Louis's aunt, Grand Duchess Mathilde Caroline, and she was hurt by an unkind letter from Queen Victoria. Alice complained to Louis that the letter "made me cry with anger...I wish I were dead and it probably will not be too long before I give Mama that pleasure." However, no mention is made of what provoked this angry outburst.
Christmas 1877 provided respite for Alice, as all the family gathered together again, and she doted on her youngest daughter Marie. She was too exhausted to attend the wedding of her niece, Princess Charlotte of Prussia, in Berlin, in January 1878. Instead, she involved herself in the arts and sciences and distanced herself from society protocols. However, she continued to feel the burden of her duties. In the Autumn of 1878, Queen Victoria paid for the Grand Ducal family to holiday in Eastbourne, where they stayed in a house on the Grand Parade. Alice performed various royal duties on this trip and visited her mother at Osborne before returning to the New Palace at Darmstadt in late 1878.
Final illness and Death.
In November 1878, the Grand Ducal household fell ill with diphtheria. Alice's eldest daughter Victoria was the first to fall ill, complaining of a stiff neck in the evening of 5 November. Diphtheria was diagnosed the following morning, and soon the disease spread to Alice's children Alix, Marie, Irene and Ernest. Her husband Louis became infected shortly thereafter. Elizabeth was the only child to not fall ill, having been sent away by Alice to the palace of the Princess Charles, her mother-in-law.
Marie became seriously ill on 15 November, and Alice was called to her bedside. However, she was too late; Marie had choked to death by the time Alice arrived. She was distraught, writing to Queen Victoria that the "pain is beyond words". For several weeks, Alice kept the news of Marie's death secret from her children, but she finally told Ernest in early December. His reaction was even worse than she had anticipated, and at first, he refused to believe it. As he sat up crying, Alice broke her rule about physical contact with the ill and gave him a kiss. At first, however, Alice did not fall ill. She met her sister Victoria as the latter was passing through Darmstadt on the way to England, and wrote to her mother with "a hint of resumed cheerfulness" on the same day. However, by Saturday, 14 December, the anniversary of her father's death, she became seriously ill with the diphtheria caught from her son. Her last words were "dear Papa", and she fell unconscious at 2:30 am. Just after 8:30 am, she died. Alice was buried on 18 December 1878 at the Grand Ducal mausoleum at Rosenhöhe outside Darmstadt, with the Union Jack draped over her coffin. A special monument of Alice and her daughter Marie was erected there by Joseph Boehm.
She was the first child of Queen Victoria to die; her mother outlived her by more than 20 years, outliving two more of her children – Leopold and Alfred – in the process.
Legacy.
Alice's death had an emotional effect both in Britain and Hesse. "The Times" wrote: "The humblest of people felt that they had the kinship of nature with a Princess who was the model of family virtue as a daughter, a sister, a wife and a mother...Her abundant sympathies sought for objects of help in the great unknown waste of human distress". The "Illustrated London News" wrote that the "lesson of the late Princess's life is as noble as it is obvious. Moral worth is far more important than high position". The death was also heavily felt by the royal family, especially by Alice's brother and sister-in-law, the Prince and Princess of Wales. The Princess of Wales, upon meeting the Queen after Alice's death, exclaimed "I wish I had died instead of her". The Prince, meanwhile, wrote to the Earl of Granville that Alice "was my favourite sister. So good, so kind, so clever! We had gone through so much together..."
On the day of Alice's death, Queen Victoria referred in her journal to the recent sufferings of the family, opening her entry, "This terrible day come round again!" Shocked by grief, she wrote to her daughter Princess Victoria: "My precious child, who stood by me and upheld me seventeen years ago on the same day taken, and by such an awful and fearful disease...She had darling Papa's nature, and much of his self-sacrificing character and fearless and entire devotion to duty!" The animosity that Victoria had towards Alice was no longer present. Princess Victoria expressed her grief to her mother in a 39-page letter, and deeply mourned Alice, the sister to whom she was closest. However, both she and her husband were forbidden from attending the funeral by the Emperor of Germany, who was worried about their safety.
Alice's descendants went on to play significant roles in world history. Her fourth daughter, Alix, married Tsar Nicholas II of Russia; Alix passed her mother's gene for haemophilia on to her only son, the Tsarevich Alexei. The illness of the tsarevich led to her reliance on the infamous Siberian mystic Grigori Rasputin. Alix, her husband, and her children were killed by the Bolsheviks in the city of Ekaterinburg in the summer of 1918, sixteen months after the February Revolution forced Nicholas to abdicate. Alice's second daughter, Elizabeth, who had married Grand Duke Sergei Alexandrovich of Russia, and had become a nun after his assassination in 1905, met a similar fate, being killed by the Bolsheviks the day after the former tsar and tsarina. Alice's grandson, Louis Mountbatten, son of her eldest daughter, Victoria, was the last Viceroy of India, and her great-grandson, Prince Philip of Greece and Denmark, married Queen Elizabeth II.
The Alice Hospital, which she founded in Darmstadt, treated the city's sick and wounded. The organisation continued to flourish long after Alice's death, and in 1953, her grandson Louis gave a lecture on the hospital. He spoke highly of Alice, for whom "the point of departure always remained a human being who was ill and needed help, and his needs in war and peace. At his side stood the person willing to give help, wishing to ameliorate his needs and for this purpose could make use of an organisation which was becoming more and more streamlined." Among Alice's other establishments were the Alice Society for Women's Training and Industry, for the purpose of educating women, and the Princess Alice Women's Guild, where nurses were trained. These organisations were especially active and important during the Austro-Prussian war, but the time Alice dedicated to them annoyed her husband, who saw them as consuming his wife's time at his expense.
Titles, styles, honours and arms.
Arms.
In 1858, Alice and the three younger of her sisters were granted use of the royal arms, with an inescutcheon of the shield of Saxony, and differenced by a label argent of three points. On Alice's arms, the outer points bore an ermine spot each, and the centre bore a rose gules.

</doc>
<doc id="19498688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498688" title="Rouen (disambiguation)">
Rouen (disambiguation)

Rouen is the historical capital city of Normandy, France
Rouen may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19498700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498700" title="Bauyrzhan Orazgaliyev">
Bauyrzhan Orazgaliyev

Bauyrzhan Orazgaliyev (born on February 28, 1985) is a male freestyle wrestler from Kazakhstan. He participated in Men's freestyle 60 kg at 2008 Summer Olympics. He was eliminated in the 1/8 of final losing with Yogeshwar Dutt from India

</doc>
<doc id="19498707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498707" title="Linear-nonlinear-Poisson cascade model">
Linear-nonlinear-Poisson cascade model

The linear-nonlinear-Poisson (LNP) cascade model is a simplified functional model of neural spike responses. It has been successfully used to describe the response characteristics of neurons in early sensory pathways, especially the visual system. The LNP model is generally implicit when using reverse correlation or the spike-triggered average to characterize neural responses with white-noise stimuli. 
There are three stages of the LNP cascade model. The first stage consists of a linear filter, or linear receptive field, which describes how the neuron integrates stimulus intensity over space and time. The output of this filter then passes through a nonlinear function, which gives the neuron's instantaneous spike rate as its output. Finally, the spike rate is used to generate spikes according to an inhomogeneous Poisson process.
The linear filtering stage performs dimensionality reduction, reducing the high-dimensional spatio-temporal stimulus space to a low-dimensional feature space, within which the neuron computes its response. The nonlinearity converts the filter output to a (non-negative) spike rate, and accounts for nonlinear phenomena such as spike threshold (or rectification) and response saturation. The Poisson spike generator converts the continuous spike rate to a series of spike times, under the assumption that the probability of a spike depends only on the instantaneous spike rate.
Mathematical formulation.
single-filter LNP.
Let formula_1 denote the spatio-temporal stimulus vector at a particular instant, and
formula_2 denote a linear filter (the neuron's linear receptive field), which is a vector with the same number of elements as formula_1. Let formula_4 denote the nonlinearity, a scalar function with non-negative output. Then the LNP model specifies that, in the limit of small time bins, 
For finite-sized time bins, this can be stated precisely as the probability of observing "y" spikes in a single bin: 
Multi-filter LNP.
For neurons sensitive to multiple dimensions of the stimulus space, the linear stage of the LNP model can be generalized to a bank of linear filters, and the nonlinearity becomes a function of multiple inputs. Let formula_9 denote the set of linear filters that capture a neuron's stimulus dependence. Then the multi-filter LNP model is described by
or
where formula_12 is a matrix whose columns are the filters formula_13.
Estimation.
The parameters of the LNP model consist of the linear filters formula_14 and the nonlinearity formula_4. The estimation problem (also known as the problem of "neural characterization") is the problem of determining these parameters from data consisting of a time-varying stimulus and the set of observed spike times. Techniques for estimating the LNP model parameters include:

</doc>
<doc id="19498711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498711" title="Wasiu Taiwo">
Wasiu Taiwo

Wasio Taiwo (born October 1, 1976 in Lagos) is a Nigerian football player currently with Oluyole Warriors.
Club career.
Taiwo played football in the Netherlands for 10 years and after that he played in Austria for one year. He began his career at Shooting Stars F.C.. In the summer of 2008 he moved from Austria to Oluyole Warriors where he was reunited with his former teammate Edith Agoye.
International career.
Taiwo made several appearances for the Nigeria national football team. He scored on his debut, a US Cup match against the United States in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="19498714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498714" title="Austria's Next Topmodel">
Austria's Next Topmodel

Austria's Next Topmodel is an Austrian reality documentary based on Tyra Banks "America's Next Top Model" that places contestants against each other in a variety of competitions to determine who will win the title of "Austria's Next Topmodel," including the cover of a magazine, a contract with a modelling agency, and other prizes that differ throughout the cycles.
Show format.
For the first four Cycles the host of the show was Lena Gercke, the first winner of "Germany's Next Topmodel" who is also the first winner of a Top Model franchise that later become a host of another Top Model show. The jury will also consist of the head of vienna-based agency "Wiener Models" Andrea Weidler and Dutch-born runway coach Alamande Belfor.
The first cycle aired in January and February 2009 and saw victory for 16-year-old Larissa Marolt from St. Kanzian am Klopeinersee. As her victory was announced, she was directly carried via helicopter to Munich and from there to Los Angeles where she would meet her competitors for the fourth season of "Germany's Next Topmodel". Larissa achieved the 8th placement in the fourth season of the German counterpart of the show.
The show had a spin-off called Die Model WG where six of the girls once again moved together and were filmed over ten weeks in their second attempt at a breakthrough in the modelling business.
The second cycle began in late 2009 with the catch phrase "More Girls, More Jet Set, More Glamour" as promised a radical change. Amanda Belfor was replaced by former model and photographer Dominique Andreas Ortner. Beauty expert Sabine Landl, who styled the girls in cycle 1, also joined the jury. Gercke and Weidler remained. However, many of the changes were not welcomed by the viewers and many did not agree with the choice of winner Aylin Kösetürk, who failed to achieve any significant success after her victory.
The third cycle premiered in January 2011 and introduced new judges; designer Atil Kutoglu and runway coach Elvyra Geyer with Gercke remaining as the host. A significant change was that one girl per federal state plus five wildcards made the cast. Additionally, there was an international destination in every episode, however only the contestants who won the casting were allowed to travel to that destination.
Gercke did not return to host the fifth Cycle in order to concentrate on her own modelling career. Austrian model Melanie Scheriau is currently hosting the new cycle that began to air in January 2013. The sixth cycle will also feature male contestants for the first time and is set to air in late 2014. 
Judges.
1 Served as guest judge that Cycle.
Controversies.
Question of title.
Before the show began, it caused controversy because of another modeling contest named " (German for "Austria's") Next Topmodel," which was established in 2007. Dominik Wachta, founder of what can be described as a mix between a model casting and a beauty pageant, accused the TV channel Puls 4 for stealing his idea. Further steps to change the name of the show have been unsuccessful as it was already licensed by CBS as the role-model version created by Banks.
Racism controversy.
In the third cycle, contestant Magalie Berghahn was eliminated from the show due to the racist comments she made during a phone conversation with her boyfriend. She referred to fellow competitor Lydia Nnenna Obute as "Neger Oide" (negative afflicted Austrian slang for "Black Woman") and to Vanessa Lotz as "Deitsche" (slang for "German Woman"). Both Obute and Lotz won a go-see that episode. The conversation was fully taped and aired during the show. She was confronted by host Lena Gercke with the video material in front of the other two girls. Gercke then told her that she was expelled from the show because the competition had no room for racist ideas and thoughts. Puls 4 was later accused of using the controversy for promotional purposes as Berghahns comments had already shown in the preview for the episode and had not censored when the episode aired. Berghahn was not invited to the final runway show during the cycles finale. She later stated that the scandal had ruined her life.
Death of Sabrina Rauch.
In January 2012, 21-year old Sabrina Angelika Rauch (a cycle 4 contestant) died in a car crash after spinning out of control on her way home from a party. Her vehicle collided with a concrete mast with Rauch being killed at the scene of the accident instantly. Her co-driver, a 26-year old male friend, survived the accident. Only three days before the episode featuring Rauch's elimination was aired, a nude photo shoot she did prior to her participation on the show was exposed. She was confronted by the judges for having taken the photos, and they stated that it was 'too low for a top model' while the other contestants witnessed the scene. A friend of Rauch criticized the program for the editing of that certain scene. At the beginning of the next episode of the show, the broadcast station expressed their condolences to Rauch's relatives and friends on a silent screen.

</doc>
<doc id="19498737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498737" title="Audio Arts">
Audio Arts

Audio Arts was a British sound magazine published on audio cassettes, documenting contemporary artistic activity via artist or curator interviews, sound performances or sound art by artists.
History.
The project was launched in 1973 by Barry Barker and British sculptor William Furlong, born 1944 in Woking, Great Britain. From 1973 to 2006, Audio Arts published 25 volumes of 4 issues of the Audio Arts Cassettes (later releasing LPs and CDs as well). Furlong conducted all interviews until 1996, when Jean Wainwright took the baton as interviewer. Each interview starts with "I am here with...", stating artist's name and recording location. Interviewees include: Andy Warhol, Anish Kapoor, Joseph Beuys, Gilbert & George, Yoko Ono, R. Buckminster Fuller, Hermann Nitsch, Mario Merz, Gerhard Richter, Nam June Paik, as well as an interview with WB Yeats' daughter and readings by Yeats himself (in Vol.1 Issue #4, 1974).
William Furlong was part of a generation of British artists of the 1960s-70s including Gilbert & George, Richard Hamilton, Bruce McLean or Paul Richards (whose Nice Style performance group was the first pose band) who were consciously moving from traditional art forms to conceptual art, performance, new media, cheap materials, in a dematerialized and process-oriented ethos. Furlong is now a sound artist with sound installations exhibited in Lisbon ("Walls of Sound", 1998), Bexhill on Sea, Sussex ("Anthem", 2009), Genillard Gallery, London ("Possibility & Impossibility of Fixing Meaning", 2009).
With the acquisition of the Audio Arts archive by Tate in 2004 (itself a long-time subscriber to Audio Arts cassettes releases),
over 200 boxes of master tapes used to edit the magazine are now secured for future researchers. A selection was exhibited at Tate Britain March–August 2007. The archive is now catalogued, digitized and preserved there.
In October–December 2006, a retrospective exhibition curated by Lucia Farinati took place at Rome’s Sound Art Museum showing a selection of Audio Arts releases and adding a new sound art by Furlong: "Conversation Pieces", a reworking/remixing of preview Furlong interviews, making famous interwiewees respond to each other by the magic of cut-up. See 
SlashSeconds.org.
William Furlong's Audio Arts project was featured in the "See This Sound (Promises in Sound and Vision)" exhibition, curated by Cosima Rainer, August 28, 2009 to January 10, 2010, Lentos Kunstmuseum, Linz, Austria.
The cassette medium.
Like other audio magazine publishers, William Furlong took full advantage of the cassette medium as the most efficient way to spread his material the world over. The cassette was indeed the most pertinent medium for various reasons:
Some of the interviewees were themselves great defenders of the cassette medium, like Lawrence Weiner and Dieter Roth. In an interview with Ilari Valbonesi, Furlong says he considered the cassette medium as a radical form of communication back in 1973. What he means by "radical" can be figured out from this Jean Wainwright recollection: 
"I am reminded of Vito Acconci's work "Face Off" (1973) where he listens attentively to his own-recorded voice on an audio tape player telling of extremely intimate moments in his life. When the confessional material becomes too highly charged for him he cries out over the taped voice, 'no don't tell this, don't reveal this,' his dramatic response to his conflicting drives between self-revelation and self-concealment."

</doc>
<doc id="19498738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498738" title="Arctostaphylos osoensis">
Arctostaphylos osoensis

Arctostaphylos osoensis is a species of manzanita known by the common name Oso manzanita. It is endemic to San Luis Obispo County, California, where it is known from only two occurrences on the northern edge of the Los Osos Valley. 
Description.
This is a spreading shrub reaching at least a meter in height and known to grow over four meters tall. The bark is grayish in color and shreddy. The foliage is dense with shiny, pointed, smooth-edged or toothed green to reddish leaves each up to 3 centimeters long. 
The inflorescence is a loose bunch of urn-shaped manzanita flowers each about 6 millimeters long. The fruit is a hairless drupe between 0.5 and one centimeter wide containing several rounded seeds.

</doc>
<doc id="19498743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498743" title="Pierce County Courthouse">
Pierce County Courthouse

Pierce County Courthouse may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19498755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498755" title="Croatian Internet eXchange">
Croatian Internet eXchange

Croatian Internet eXchange (CIX) is the main Croatian Internet exchange point. It is located at the University Computing Center (SRCE) in Zagreb. Although there is no formal obligation to use the exchange, all Croatian ISPs are allowed to do so. CIX uses the BGP protocol to establish peering between ISPs, and a RIPE database for documentation. Switched Ethernet is used for the actual data interchanging.

</doc>
<doc id="19498777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498777" title="Pierce County Courthouse (Wisconsin)">
Pierce County Courthouse (Wisconsin)

The Pierce County Courthouse is a historic governmental building in Ellsworth, Wisconsin, United States. Built in 1905, the courthouse sits on the edge of Ellsworth's business district. Built on a raised foundation of sandstone, it features elements of both the Beaux-Arts and the Neoclassical styles of architecture. Among the distinctive elements of its construction are a large hexagonal dome and multiple Ionic columns.
In 1982, the Pierce County Courthouse was listed on the National Register of Historic Places, qualifying because of its historically significant architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="19498783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498783" title="Virginia DeBerry and Donna Grant">
Virginia DeBerry and Donna Grant

Virginia DeBerry and Donna Grant, best friends for more than 25 years, turned a friendship into a successful writing collaboration. They are the co-authors of six bestselling novels such as "Tryin' to Sleep" "in the Bed You Made", "Far From the Tree"," Better Than I Know Myself" and the re-released "Exposures", (written as Marie Joyce) originally published in 1990 by Warner Books."Gotta Keep on Tryin’", a sequel to "Tryin’ to Sleep in the Bed You Made", "What Doesn't Kill You", and "Uptown" are published by Touchstone/Simon & Schuster.
Biography.
Donna and Virginia first met in New York as plus size models vying for the same assignments. Their modeling careers led to the opportunity to launch Maxima, a fashion and lifestyle magazine for plus-size women, where Virginia was editor-in-chief and Donna the managing editor. When publication of Maxima ceased, Virginia and Donna tried writing a book together. Their first novel, Exposures was published under the pseudonym Marie Joyce (for Donna Marie and Virginia Joyce). It was also published in Spain as Instantaneas. Their second book, written as DeBerry and Grant, was "Tryin' to Sleep in the Bed You Made", was an Essence Bestseller and won the Merit Award for Fiction from the Black Caucus of the American Library Association, as well as the 1998 Book of the Year Award from the Blackboard Bestseller List/African American Booksellers Conference-Book Expo America. "Far From the Tree" was a New York Times Bestseller, and "Better Than I Know Myself" received two Open Book Awards, and was included on the Best African-American fiction of 2004 lists of both Borders and WaldenBooks.
Donna attended Barnard College and is a graduate of New York University. She is a Brooklyn, New York native and currently lives in the borough with her husband. Before becoming a novelist, she spent more than a decade as a plus size model, represented by the 12+ division of Ford Models.
Virginia is a former high school English teacher from Buffalo, New York. She attended Fisk University and is a graduate of SUNY at Buffalo. She now lives in New Jersey.
The authors have formed a partnership with Tyrha Lindsey and Tracey Kemble to form 4 Colored Girls Productions. The movie Tryin’ to Sleep in the Bed You Made, based on their 1997 novel, is their first independent feature.

</doc>
<doc id="19498811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498811" title="Darla dirladada">
Darla dirladada

"Darla dirladada" is a traditional song, originating from the island of Kalymnos in Greece. 
Origins.
It was conceived as a song that sponge divers would sing when traveling with their "caïque" boats across the seas. The song's lyrics contain words of encouragement and the opportunity awaiting the crew.
One of the most notable recordings is that performed by Pantelis Ginis, a Kalymnian sponge diver captain, who, in his version, is making a reference to another respected diver captain, Manolis (Emmanuel) Theodosiou, whose nickname was 'Kobalis'. Ginis, in his version, relates the time Kobalis walked into a coffee shop where Ginis was singing Darla dirladada. 
Modern versions.
In 1970 the song was recorded by Italian-Egyptian-French singer Dalida. It was released as a single from her album "Ils ont changé ma chanson", on which it features as the sixth track. Dalida also recorded the song in the English-language. 
The song has been featured in Marva, an IsraelI television youth program. The most notable cover version, so far, is that of G.O. Culture in 1993, which became a huge hit in France.
G.O. Culture version.
In 1993, the band G.O. Culture covered the song in a house and techno version. In France, this version was a success in discothèques and in terms of sales. Lyrics are completely changed and refer to Patrice Leconte's film, "Les Bronzés". The single was the major summer hit in France and stayed for 29 weeks in the top 50, 22 of them in the top ten. It is to date the 847th best-selling single of all time in France. The music video shows the singers performing the song on a beach and on a boat. Several remixes were produced by French band Pleasure Game. This cover version has been covered in turn by K.O. Culture in 2006 in a remixed version. 

</doc>
<doc id="19498835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498835" title="No Self Control (Peter Gabriel song)">
No Self Control (Peter Gabriel song)

"No Self Control" is a song written and performed by British musician Peter Gabriel, the founder of the World of Music and Dance (WOMAD) Organization. As with the other songs on the album, the lyrics are very dark, discussing what could be interpreted as either intense greed and lust or mental instability and decay of the psyche. Like "Intruder", the previous song, it features a xylophone solo.
The song was notable for its guest musicians, Robert Fripp providing guitar, Phil Collins providing drums and Kate Bush providing backing vocals. Initially, this was inspired by Steve Reich's album Music For 18 Musicians. A composer who studied at Juilliard, Reich experimented with electronic textures that Gabriel wanted to try in a rock format.
Gabriel has fully committed his work to the vision of both mirroring a society facing moral bankruptcy in the current dank climate of emotional turmoil whilst using the music almost as a hammer to both challenge this sense of dread and wake up the listener.
Prior to the song being recorded for Peter Gabriel's 1980 album, it was performed live by Gabriel under the working title "I don't know how to stop".
A music video of the song was made and broadcast in 1980.
Music video.
The video features Peter Gabriel with his hands either in his pockets or on his knees, as he swivels left and right - all the while staring intently into the camera. The lights flicker on and off a lot. Near the end, Gabriel grabs his head and neck and swings his head back and forth, repeatedly singing "no self control". The xylophone solo plays. The video begins to get "trippy", showing rainbow diffraction like patterns on the screen, and Gabriel's head blurs making it appear in multiple places across the screen. The video ends and fades to black as the song concludes with its last words: "I don't know how to stop".
The video is 3:56 long, and appeared on the BBC's "Top Of The Pops 1980".

</doc>
<doc id="19498878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498878" title="Heywood's Bank">
Heywood's Bank

Heywood's Bank was a private banking firm established and run in Manchester by members of the Heywood family of Pendleton between 1788 and 1874.
Family and banking history.
The bank was founded in Manchester by Benjamin Heywood and his two sons, Benjamin Arthur and Nathaniel Heywood with Barclay, Bevan, Tritton & Co, bankers of City of London, as London agents. They began trading in May 1788
The company was named ‘Benjamin Heywood Sons & Co’. Benjamin had been a partner in Heywood's Bank, Liverpool which he had established in 1773 with his brother Arthur. The brothers had attempted in 1784 to open a branch of their bank at Manchester but the attempt failed and it was decided that a separate firm would have to be formed. They dissolved their partnership and Benjamin moved to Manchester with his sons, taking with him over £10,000 in bills of exchange, while Arthur remained in control of the Liverpool bank renaming it 'Arthur Heywood, Sons & Co'.
On Benjamin’s death in 1795, the Manchester firm became known as ‘Heywood Brothers & Co’. In 1814, Nathaniel’s eldest son Benjamin Heywood joined the firm. Nathaniel died in 1815. Two more of Nathaniel’s sons then joined the firm; Thomas in 1818 and Richard in 1820.
Benjamin Arthur Heywood, the last of the original founders, died in 1828 and in 1829 both Thomas and Richard retired from banking, leaving their brother Benjamin as the sole partner. He renamed the Bank, ‘Benjamin Heywood & Co’.
Benjamin was created the First Baronet of Claremont in 1838 and he re-titled the bank ‘Sir Benjamin Heywood Bart. & Co’. He later brought his four sons into the firm when they came of age; Oliver, Arthur, Edward and Charles . Benjamin retired in 1860, leaving his sons to run the firm, which they renamed ‘Heywood Brothers & Co’.
Locations.
The bank was opened in Exchange Street, Manchester in 1788. In 1795 they moved to St Ann’s Street. There was a short-lived attempt to open a branch at Stockport about 1820.
In 1848, the Heywood family had a new building built at 25 St Ann's Street. It was designed by John Edgar Gregan, "a three-storey stone clad building in the Italian style, with a deeply rusticated ground floor and two upper floors in ashlar. The ground floor windows, large to light the banking hall, have arched openings, inside which the arched windows are flanked by classical columns. Next to it is a smaller building in brick with stone detailing which was the home of the bank manager" The building is still in use today as a branch of the Royal Bank of Scotland
Sale and closure.
In April 1874, Heywood’s Bank was acquired by the Manchester & Salford Bank for £240,000. In 1890, the Manchester & Salford Bank became Williams Deacon's Bank, which in 1930 was acquired by the Royal Bank of Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="19498895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498895" title="Jackie Oates">
Jackie Oates

Jackie Oates is an English folk singer and fiddle player. In addition to her solo work, she currently performs as part of the folk trio Wistman's Wood and sings with Morris Offspring and The Imagined Village.
She was born in Congleton in Cheshire in 1983, but grew up in Staffordshire. At the age of 18, she moved to Devon to study English literature at Exeter University, and was based in Devon until 2011, when she moved to Oxford. She was a member of Rachel Unthank and the Winterset between 2003 and 2007.
She was a finalist in the BBC Radio 2 Young Folk award in 2003, and was one of the nominees for the Horizon Award in 2008, going on to win that award in 2009, as well as the award for best traditional track for her recording of "The Lark in the Morning".
Her brother is the singer, multi-instrumentalist and record producer Jim Moray, and they have guested on each other's albums.

</doc>
