<doc id="19666674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19666674" title="Canoeing at the 1988 Summer Olympics – Men's K-2 1000 metres">
Canoeing at the 1988 Summer Olympics – Men's K-2 1000 metres

The men's K-2 1000 metres event was a pairs kayaking event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1988 Summer Olympics program.
Results.
Heats.
20 crews entered in three heats on September 27. The top three finishers from each of the heats advanced directly to the semifinals. The remaining eleven teams were relegated to the repechage heats.
Repechages.
Taking place on September 27, the top three competitors in each of the two repechages advanced to the semifinals.
Semifinals.
The top three finishers in each of the three semifinals (raced on September 29) advanced to the final.
Pre-Olympic favorite France was disqualified in the first semifinal for failing to make it to the starting line on time.
Final.
The final was held on October 1. 

</doc>
<doc id="19666675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19666675" title="Movses">
Movses

Movses is an Armenian given name. 
It gave rise to the surname Movsesyan.
The name may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19666714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19666714" title="Tommy Taylor (disambiguation)">
Tommy Taylor (disambiguation)

Tommy Taylor may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19666729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19666729" title="Margareta Israelsson">
Margareta Israelsson

Margareta Israelsson (born 1954) is a Swedish Social Democratic politician. She has been a member of the Riksdag since 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="19666738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19666738" title="Yiliang County">
Yiliang County

Yiliang County may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19666743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19666743" title="VOA (disambiguation)">
VOA (disambiguation)

The acronym VOA may refer to:
Voa is a Portuguese verb meaning "fly" or "flies", as in "I fly" or "it flies".

</doc>
<doc id="19666753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19666753" title="Sisak (eponym)">
Sisak (eponym)

Sisak () was the legendary ancestor of the Armenian princely house of Syuni, also called Siunids, Syunid and Syuni. The Armenian historian Movses Khorenatsi states that Sisak was the brother of Harmar who was known as Arma, son of Gegham and a descendant of the legendary patriarch of the Armenians, Hayk. Gegham had taken up residence near Lake Sevan and, following his death, the lands encompassing the areas from Lake Sevan to the Araks River were inherited by Sisak. The region assumed Sisak's name (; Sisakan) after he died, and those who descended from his dynastic line were known in Armenian as Syunis (in Armenian, Սյունիներ; Syuniner) or Sisakyaner (Սիսակյաններ). After the Kingdom of Armenia introduced the system of administrative divisions known as "nahangs" (provinces) in the 2nd century BC, the Siunis were confirmed by King Vologases (Vagharshak) the Parthian as the lords of the province of Syunik.
Historian Robert H. Hewsen contends that:

</doc>
<doc id="19666761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19666761" title="Didier Bizimana">
Didier Bizimana

Didier Bizimana (born 11 May 1975 in Bujumbura) is a retired Burundian Midfielder who last played with SVN before in summer 2007 retired.
Career.
He played for Rwandese side APR FC two years, before moving to Dutch Tweede Klasse G team SVN.
International career.
He was member of the Burundi national football team and presented the Burundian U-20 by 1995 FIFA World Youth Championship in Qatar and played 3 games.

</doc>
<doc id="19666785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19666785" title="Doveman">
Doveman

Thomas Bartlett (born October 13, 1981), also known as Doveman, is an American pianist, singer, and producer, best known for his work with Glen Hansard, The National, Sam Amidon, and The Gloaming. 
Born in Vermont, Bartlett studied piano in London with Maria Curcio before moving to New York City. As a teenager, he and lifelong collaborator Sam Amidon formed the folk music band Popcorn Behavior (later known as Assembly), and released three albums.
Upon moving to New York in 2001, Bartlett soon began performing with Chocolate Genius and Elysian Fields, and also worked as Salon.com's music critic, writing first a weekly "Wednesday Morning Download", and later the daily "Audiofile" feature. In recent years, Bartlett has performed and toured extensively with artists like The National, Antony and the Johnsons, Martha Wainwright, Glen Hansard (in both The Frames and The Swell Season) and Bebel Gilberto.
Discography.
The first Doveman record, "The Acrobat", 2005, was produced by Patrick Dillett, one of Bartlett's most frequent collaborators. It was followed in 2007 by "With My Left Hand I Raise the Dead," again produced by Dillett, and released by Brassland Records. In 2008 Bartlett released a self-recorded solo re-imagining of the entire Footloose soundtrack. 2009's "The Conformist," again produced by Dillett, featured members of frequent Doveman collaborators The National, as well as backing vocals by Norah Jones, Glen Hansard, Beth Orton, Martha Wainwright, and Dawn Landes.
Production.
In 2011 Bartlett produced legendary performance artist Justin Vivian Bond's first solo record, "Dendrophile", followed in 2013 by Bond's "Silver Wells", a largely piano and voice collection of covers.. In 2012, he produced Glen Hansard's first solo record, Rhythm and Repose, Hannah Cohen's debut, "Child Bride", released on Bella Union, and Trixie Whitley's debut, "Fourth Corner". He and frequent collaborator Patrick Dillett also co-produced Julia Stone's "By the Horns", released on EMI Records. 
In 2013, he co-produced Bell X1's "Chop Chop" with Peter Katis, and co-produced long-time collaborator Sam Amidon's "Bright Sunny South", released on Nonesuch Records. In 2014, Irish supergroup The Gloaming, which features Bartlett on piano, released a self-titled debut record, also produced by Bartlett. Dawn Landes' "Bluebird", co-produced by Landes and Bartlett, was released on Western Vinyl in February. Bartlett is reported to be working on new music with Glen Hansard, Hannah Cohen, and Anna Calvi. 
Sideman Discography.
Bartlett has appeared as a keyboardist on many records, including The National's "Boxer", "High Violet" and "Trouble Will Find Me", Antony and the Johnsons' "The Crying Light" and "Swanlights", Sam Amidon's "But This Chicken Proved Falsehearted", Bebel Gilberto's "All In One", David Byrne's "Here Lies Love", Martha Wainwright's "Sans Fusils, Ni Souliers, A Paris", The Swell Season's "Strict Joy", Elysian Fields's "Bum Raps and Love Taps", "The Afterlife", and "Last Night on Earth", Miho Hatori's "Ecdysis", Rufus Wainwright's "Out of The Game", , and Sharon van Etten's "Tramp".
Burgundy Stain Sessions.
In January 2011, Bartlett, as Doveman, began a monthly salon style performance series at West Village club (Le) Poisson Rouge, called the Burgundy Stain Sessions, inviting Bartlett's friends to join him and the band on stage. Over the course of the year, performers included Norah Jones, Glen Hansard, Rufus Wainwright, Martha Wainwright, Sara Quin, Beth Orton, Sam Amidon, Nico Muhly, Elysian Fields, Chocolate Genius, Julia Stone, Chris Thile, The Ghost of a Saber Tooth Tiger, Lisa Hannigan, St. Vincent, and many others.
In October 2011, Bartlett music-directed, and co-curated with Hansard, a two night evening at (Le) Poisson Rouge, inspired by the Burgundy Stain Sessions, and celebrating the 10 year anniversary of Other Voices, an Irish music TV show. Performers included Laurie Anderson, Damien Rice, Bell X1 (band), The Lost Brothers, Bryce Dessner and Aaron Dessner, Gabriel Byrne, Paul Muldoon, Colm McCann, and others.
On October 11, 2012, NPR began a week long broadcast series devoted to special performances that were captured at The Burgundy Stain Sessions.
On January 7, 2013 it was announced that the first International Burgundy Stain Session would take place at the Adelaide Festival in Australia on March 5, 2013 
Other Collaborations.
In 2008, Bartlett, Sam Amidon, and Nico Muhly, all native Vermonters, embarked on the "802 Tour", performing a melange of each other's songs and compositions.
In 2011, a new band called The Gloaming was formed, featuring Bartlett, Martin Hayes, Iarla Ó Lionáird, Caoimhín Ó Raghallaigh, Dennis Cahill. They debuted in Dublin at the National Concert Hall, and have announced plans to record in 2012.
In 2011 Bartlett and Patrick Dillett made a remix of Tegan and Sara's "Alligator", featuring a guest vocal by Sam Amidon.
In February 2012, the Museum of Modern Art premiered a new collaboration between Doveman and filmmaker Tom Kalin, with Kalin's images set to songs from "The Conformist".

</doc>
<doc id="19666787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19666787" title="Weixin">
Weixin

Weixin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19666790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19666790" title="St Matthew Passion (disambiguation)">
St Matthew Passion (disambiguation)

St Matthew Passion may also refer to the following musical compositions:

</doc>
<doc id="19666802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19666802" title="Crazy (Alana Davis song)">
Crazy (Alana Davis song)

"Crazy" was the second single from Alana Davis's album "Blame It on Me".

</doc>
<doc id="19666807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19666807" title="The World Unseen">
The World Unseen

The World Unseen is a 2007 historical drama film written and directed by Shamim Sarif, adapted from her own novel. The film is set in 1950s Cape Town, South Africa during the beginning of apartheid. The film stars Lisa Ray and Sheetal Sheth as two Indian South African women who fall in love in a racist, sexist, and homophobic society. 
Ray and Sheth also star together in another Shamim Sarif movie, "I Can't Think Straight", released in November 2007.
"The World Unseen" was made with the assistance of the National Film and Video Foundation of South Africa, which took a minority equity stake in the film.
Synopsis.
In 1950s South Africa, a land torn apart by apartheid, Amina epitomizes individuality and freedom. She runs the Location Café, a haven of fun, food, and festivities open to all. Amina defines her own laws and lives on her own terms undeterred by the reproving police and the disparaging Indian community. 
Miriam demurely follows conventions and makes no demands on life. Her world is confined to being a doting mother to her three children and a subservient wife to her chauvinistic husband Omar. 
Amina has a covert business partner, Jacob, who is barred from owning a business because he is ‘coloured.' He fancies Madeleine, a local white postmistress, but the indignities and injustices of the prevalent law thwart their desire to pursue a relationship. 
Omar’s sister Rehmat married a white man against rules that forbid mixed marriages. When she needs protection from police, Amina shelters her, and her charm and strength of character captivate Miriam, who secretly rejoices when Amina accepts a farming job in her backyard. Amina notices Miriam’s inherent kindness and silent dedication, and the mutual attraction between them grows. They bare their hearts to each other and their emotions get entangled. They contrive another reason to meet: driving lessons. 
The inescapable social distance between them makes them question their feelings, but in the midst of hatred and oppression their only refuge is love.
In the resplendent South African landscape with retro music strewn in the background, "The World Unseen" explores Miriam’s relationship with Amina and how it empowers her to make personal choices that change her world.
Reception.
Critics.
The film was very positively reviewed by the gay and lesbian media, with AfterEllen.com calling it "one of the best-conceived queer films of the past year – a sincere, beautifully realized vision of love and resistance in an intolerant world." The movie also enjoyed a warm reception in South Africa, winning 11 awards at the SAFTAs including Best Director and Best Writing Team. However, the film was almost universally panned by critics at large, receiving a 25% "rotten" score and an average rating of 4.6 on review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes.

</doc>
<doc id="19666812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19666812" title="Ludian">
Ludian

Ludian may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19666814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19666814" title="Death of Jean Charles de Menezes">
Death of Jean Charles de Menezes

Jean Charles de Menezes (pronounced in Brazilian Portuguese) 7 January 1978 – 22 July 2005) was a Brazilian man shot dead by the London Metropolitan police at Stockwell tube station on the London Underground after he was misidentified as one of the fugitives involved in the previous day's failed bombing attempts. These events took place two weeks after the London bombings of 7 July 2005, in which 52 people were killed.
Contemporaneous and later police and media accounts contradicted each other, specifically regarding Menezes's manner and clothing as he entered the station, and whether there had been any police warnings before they fired. The death sparked an intense public debate over a shoot-to-kill practice known as Operation Kratos. The codename was dropped in 2007, but the policy continues.
Police put the communal entrance to a block of flats in Tulse Hill, south London, in which Menezes was living under surveillance, and saw Menezes leave the building. Plain clothes officers, armed with pistols, followed him as he took a bus to Brixton tube station, before boarding another to Stockwell because the tube station at Brixton was closed. Specialist firearms officers were called to Stockwell. Just after Menezes entered a train, several officers wrestled him to the ground and fired seven bullets into his head at point blank range. The train was still at the platform with its doors open, having just been evacuated by officers.
The Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) launched two investigations. Stockwell 1, the findings of which were initially kept secret, concluded that none of the officers would face disciplinary charges. Stockwell 2 strongly criticised the police command structure and communications to the public, bringing pressure on the Metropolitan Police Commissioner Sir Ian Blair to resign. In July 2006, the Crown Prosecution Service said there was insufficient evidence to prosecute any of the officers, although a corporate criminal prosecution of the Metropolitan Police was brought under the Health and Safety at Work etc. Act 1974. This alleged that the police service had failed in its duty of care to Menezes. The service was found guilty and fined. On 12 December 2008 an inquest returned an open verdict.
Biography.
The son of a bricklayer, Menezes grew up on a farm in Gonzaga, Minas Gerais, Brazil. After discovering an early aptitude for electronics, he left the farm at age 14 to live with his uncle in São Paulo and further his education. At 19 he received a professional diploma from Escola Estadual (State School) São Sebastião.
According to the Home Office, he arrived in Britain on 13 March 2002, on a six-month visitor's visa. After its expiry, he applied to stay on as a student, and was granted permission to remain until 30 June 2003. The Home Office said it had no record of any further correspondence, but added: "We have seen a copy of Mr Menezes' passport, containing a stamp apparently giving him indefinite leave to remain in the UK. On investigation, this stamp was not one that was in use by the Immigration and Nationality Directorate on the date given." This was denied by the family of Menezes; and Foreign Secretary Jack Straw stated that he believed Menezes was living in the UK legally, but had no precise information to confirm this. Immigration records show that Menezes entered the Republic of Ireland from France on 23 April 2005. There are no records to show the exact date that he returned to the UK; however, under the Common Travel Area system, a foreign citizen entering the UK through the Republic of Ireland has an automatic right to remain for three months. Therefore, Menezes was lawfully in the UK on the day he was killed, irrespective of whether the stamp in his passport recording indefinite leave to remain was a forgery.
On 27 July 2005, Menezes's body was flown to Brazil for burial. His funeral took place in Gonzaga on 29 July 2005. A public memorial service for Menezes was presided over by Cardinal Cormac Murphy-O'Connor at Westminster Cathedral around the same time.
Menezes shooting.
Almost all of the facts regarding the Menezes shooting were initially disputed by various parties. Contradictory witness accounts, 'off the record' statements from police, and media speculation added to the confusion. An ITV report on 16 August 2005 claimed to contain leaked documents from an IPCC investigation. For a summary of the facts and events initially disputed, see "Disputed facts and events".
Suspects.
On 22 July 2005, The Metropolitan Police were searching for four suspects in four attempted bombings carried out the previous day; three at Underground stations and one on a bus in Hackney. As the perpetrators had not died in the failed suicide bombing, a large police investigation and manhunt began immediately. An address in Scotia Road, Tulse Hill, was written on a gym membership card that was found inside one of the unexploded bags used by the bombers.
Menezes, an electrician, lived in one of the flats with two of his cousins, and had just received a call to fix a broken fire alarm in Kilburn. At around 9:30am, officers carrying out surveillance saw Menezes emerge from the communal entrance of the block. The officers were watching three men who they believed may have been Somali, Eritrean, or Ethiopian.
An officer on duty at Scotia Road, referred to as 'Frank' in the Stockwell One report, compared the suspect, Menezes, to the CCTV photographs of the bombing suspects from the previous day, and felt he warranted further attention. As the officer was allegedly urinating, he was unable to immediately film the suspect to transmit images to Gold Command, the Metropolitan Police ("Met") operational headquarters for major incidents. It was reported at the time that "Frank" was an undercover soldier. The inquest transcript confirms that he was a soldier on secondment to the surveillance unit.
Identification.
On the basis of Frank's suspicion, Gold Command authorised officers to continue pursuit and surveillance, and ordered that the suspect was to be prevented from entering the Tube system.
Documents from the independent agency investigation of the shooting later concluded that mistakes in police surveillance procedure led to a failure to properly identify Menezes early on, leading to rushed assumptions and actions later at Stockwell Tube station.
Pursuit.
The officers followed Menezes to a bus-stop for the number 2 bus on Tulse Hill where several plainclothes police officers boarded. Menezes briefly got off the bus at Brixton Station. Seeing a notice that the station was closed due to a security alert because of the previous day's attempted bombings, he made a telephone call and reboarded the bus towards Stockwell.
Unaware the station was closed, the surveillance officers believed that Menezes's behaviour suggested that he might have been one of the previous day's failed bomb suspects. They later stated that they were satisfied that they had the correct man, noting that he "had Mongolian eyes". At some point during this journey towards Stockwell Tube station, away, the pursuing officers contacted Gold Command, and reported that Menezes potentially matched the description of two of the previous day's suspects, including Osman Hussain. Based on this information, Gold Command authorised "code red" tactics, and ordered the surveillance officers to prevent Menezes from boarding a train. According to a "senior police source at Scotland Yard", Police Commander Cressida Dick told the surveillance team that the man was to be "detained as soon as possible", before entering the station. Gold Command then transferred control of the operation to Specialist Firearms Command (known as 'CO19' or 'SO19'), which dispatched firearms officers to Stockwell Tube Station.
Menezes entered the Tube station at about 10:00am, stopping to pick up a free newspaper. He used his Oyster card to pay the fare, walked through the barriers, and descended the escalator slowly. He then ran across the platform to board the newly arrived train. Menezes boarded the train and found one of the first available seats.
Three surveillance officers, codenamed Hotel 1, Hotel 3 and Hotel 9, followed Menezes onto the train. According to Hotel 3, Menezes sat down with a glass panel to his right about two seats in. Hotel 3 then took a seat on the left with about two or three passengers between Menezes and himself. When the firearms officers arrived on the platform, Hotel 3 moved to the door, blocked it from closing with his left foot, and shouted 'He's here!' to identify the suspect's location.
Shooting.
The firearms officers boarded the train and it was initially claimed they challenged the suspect, though later reports indicate he was not challenged. According to Hotel 3, Menezes then stood up and advanced towards the officers and Hotel 3, at which point Hotel 3 grabbed him, pinned his arms against his torso, and pushed him back into the seat. Although Menezes was being restrained, his body was straight and not in a natural sitting position. Hotel 3 heard a shot close to his ear, and was dragged away onto the floor of the carriage. He shouted 'Police!' and with hands raised was dragged out of the carriage by one of the armed officers who had boarded the train. Hotel 3 then heard several gunshots while being dragged out.
Two officers fired a total of eleven shots according to the number of empty shell casings found on the floor of the train afterwards. Menezes was shot seven times in the head and once in the shoulder at close range, and died at the scene. An eyewitness later said that the eleven shots were fired over a thirty second period, at three second intervals. A separate witness reported hearing five shots, followed at an interval by several more shots.
Immediately after the shooting, the Metropolitan Police stated that the shooting was "directly linked" to the investigation of the attempted bombings the previous day. It was revealed that police policy toward suspected suicide bombers had been revised, and that officers had been ordered to fire directly toward suspects' heads, the theory according to British authorities being that shooting at the chest could conceivably detonate a concealed bomb.
The SO19 firearms officers involved in the shooting were debriefed and drugs and alcohol tests were taken as a standard procedure. The officers were taken off duty pending an investigation into the shooting. One security agency source said later that members of SO19 received training from the SAS. He said the operation was not typical of the police, and bore the hallmarks of a special forces operation.
It emerged that hollow-point bullets had been employed and a senior police source said that Menezes's body had been "unrecognisable." These bullets are illegal in warfare, but are widely used in law enforcement, where it may often be necessary to quickly stop an armed assailant while minimising the risk of collateral damage posed by the use of full metal jacket ammunition. A full metal jacket bullet is more likely to exit the target, while still retaining lethal force. A Home Office spokesman said, "Chief officers can use whatever ammunition they consider appropriate for the operational circumstances."
Aftermath.
The day after the shooting, the Metropolitan Police identified the victim as Jean Charles de Menezes, and said that he had not been carrying explosives, nor was he connected in any way to the attempted bombings. They issued an apology describing the incident as "a tragedy, and one that the Metropolitan Police Service regrets."
The Menezes family condemned the shooting and rejected the apology. His grandmother said there was "no reason to think he was a terrorist." It was reported that the Menezes family were offered almost £585,000 compensation.
His cousin, Alex Alves Pereira, said, "I believe my cousin's death was result of police incompetence." Pereira said that police claims regarding the incident had been conflicting, and took issue with their pursuit of Menezes for an extended period and their allowing the "suspected suicide bomber" to board a bus. "Why did they let him get on a bus if they are afraid of suicide bombers?… He could have been running, but not from the police… When the Underground stops, everybody runs to get on the train. That he jumped over the barriers is a lie."
The Brazilian government released a statement expressing its shock at the killing, saying that it looked forward "to receiving the necessary explanation from the British authorities on the circumstances which led to this tragedy." Foreign Minister Celso Amorim, who had already arranged to visit London, said he would seek a meeting with the UK's Foreign Secretary, Jack Straw. He later met ministers and had a telephone conversation with Straw.
The Muslim Council of Britain expressed immediate concern about the apparent existence of a "shoot-to-kill" policy and called on police to make clear their reasons for shooting the man dead.
Public reaction.
In Britain.
A vigil at Stockwell Station was held with some of the relatives on the Sunday immediately following the shooting and police apology. Another, called by the Stop the War Coalition, was held on 25 July. They state that a thousand people attended and then several hundred people, led by a group of Brazilians (some of whom had been friends with Jean Charles), began an impromptu demonstration. When they approached Westminster they were stopped and turned back by police at Vauxhall Bridge, the location of the MI6 building.
On 23 August 2005, Dania Gorodi, whose sister Michelle Otto was killed in the 7 July 2005 London bombings, asked for an end to the criticism of Sir Ian Blair over the Menezes shooting, which she felt had moved the media focus away from the bombings. "People have lost sight of the bigger picture," she said. "We need to support the police right now, not crucify one man. This is unprecedented in British history. He Ian is doing the best he can."
When on 12 September 2006 the Metropolitan Police Authority promoted Commander Cressida Dick to the role of Deputy Assistant Commissioner, the family said they were "absolutely disgusted". The family also criticised the awarding of the Queen's Police Medal to Commander Dick in the 2010 New Year's Day honours.
On 29 September 2008, performance artist Mark McGowan 're-enacted' the killing at Stockwell station, to protest at the current lack of response. He was quoted as saying that "People are distracted by things like "The X Factor" and Christmas, so I'm doing this as a reaction".
Police comments.
Senior Scotland Yard officer Deputy Assistant Commissioner Alan Given, who had operational responsibilities in relation to the officers who had actually killed Menezes, said, "... when it came to the Stockwell shooting, there was a sense that it was no different from an incident such as police shooting a bank robber".
On the day of Menezes's death, at his mid afternoon press conference, Sir Ian Blair, stated: "I need to make clear that any death is deeply regrettable".
In Brazil.
The reaction of the Brazilian public was overwhelmingly negative. Protests and demonstrations were held in Brazil, and some Brazilian commentators noted that incidents such as Menezes's killing are more expected from a developing country such as Brazil than a developed nation like the UK.
Independent Police Complaints Commission inquiry.
Several days after the shooting, it was announced that the incident would be subject to an internal investigation by officers from Scotland Yard's Directorate of Professional Standards and would be referred to the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC), as is the case with all fatal police shootings.
Immediately after the shooting, Commissioner Sir Ian Blair telephoned the Chairman of the IPCC and wrote a letter to the Home Office describing his instruction that "the shooting that has just occurred at Stockwell is not to be referred to the IPCC and that they will be given no access to the scene at the present time." The letter, later released by the Met under the Freedom of Information Act, expressed the Commissioner's intent to protect the tactics and sources of information used in a counter-terrorism operation from public jeopardising future operations.
Controversy between the Met and IPCC.
On 18 August, lawyers representing the Menezes family met with the IPCC and urged them to conduct a "fast" investigation. The lawyers, Harriet Wistrich and Gareth Peirce, held a press conference where they lamented the "chaotic mess". They stated their desire to ask the IPCC "to find out is how much is incompetence, negligence or gross negligence and how much of it is something sinister."
On 18 August, the IPCC issued a statement in which they said that the Metropolitan Police was initially opposed to them taking on the investigation. They also announced that the inquiry was expected to last between three and six months. The IPCC announced it took over the inquiry on 25 July; the inquiry was not handed over until 27 July though.
The police lobbied MPs to try to influence the inquiry into the shooting. Unsolicited e-mails were sent by Nick Williams, the acting inspector at the Metropolitan Police's Diamond Support Group, to Labour MPs. The Met declined repeated requests by the IPCC to disclose hundreds of pages of internal papers that gave the Met's private assessment of the operation, including discussions about how much compensation the Met thought it should pay to the de Menezes family; the risk that individual officers might face murder or manslaughter charges; the vulnerability of Blair and the Met to an action for civil damages; and whether Special Branch officers altered surveillance logs. 
In May 2006, the Metropolitan Police Federation released a 12-page statement which was highly critical of the IPCC in general, and specifically criticised the handling of the "Stockwell inquiry".
Leak of inquiry.
On 16 August 2005, British television station ITV released a report said to be based on leaked documents from the IPCC investigation which conflicted with previous statements by police chief Sir Ian Blair. The Met and the IPCC refused to comment on the allegations while the IPCC investigation was ongoing, though an anonymous 'senior police source' claimed that the leak was accurate.
Lana Vandenberghe, the IPCC secretary thought to be responsible for the leak, was suspended. The IPCC launched an investigation into the leaking of the documents. On 21 September Leicestershire Constabulary Serious Crime Unit initiated dawn raids on behalf of the IPCC on one Scottish and two London residential premises, at which time Vandenberghe was arrested. On 5 October two more dawn raids took place, during which ITN journalist Neil Garrett and his girlfriend were arrested. On 4 May 2006 the Leicestershire Police and the Crown Prosecution Service announced that no charges would be filed against Vandenberghe, Garrett or his partner.
Stockwell 1.
According to a press release made on 9 December by the IPCC's chairman Nick Hardwick and John Tate, its Director of Legal Services, the inquiry's report would list some of the criminal offences that the commission thought may have been committed by police. Though without having reached any conclusions, they also admitted the commission's judgement would be a "lower threshold" than the standard prosecutors would apply in making any final decision to prosecute.
On 14 March 2006, the IPCC announced that the first part of the inquiry, known as "Stockwell 1" had been completed and recommendations were passed on to the Metropolitan Police Authority and Crown Prosecution Service, but the report "not be made public until all legal processes have concluded."
The report was published on 8 November 2007.
Stockwell 2.
"Stockwell 2", the second part of the inquiry, focuses on the conduct of Sir Ian Blair and Andrew Hayman following the discovery of Menezes's identity, was released on 2 August 2007.
The allegations are that MPS officers "made or concurred with inaccurate public statements concerning the circumstances of the death. The alleged inaccurate information included statements that Mr de Menezes had been wearing clothing and behaving in a manner which aroused suspicions."
Brian Paddick.
On 17 March 2006, the Met was threatened with legal action by Deputy Assistant Commissioner, Brian Paddick. In evidence to the IPCC, Paddick had stated that a member of Sir Ian's private office team believed the wrong man had been targeted just six hours after the shooting, contrary to the official line taken at the time. When this information became public, Scotland Yard issued a statement that the officer making the claim (Paddick) "has categorically denied this in his interview with, and statement to, the IPCC investigators". The statement continued that they "were satisfied that whatever the reasons for this suggestion being made, it is simply not true." Paddick's interpretation of this statement was that it accused him of lying.
After a statement was released on 28 March by the Met that it "did not intend to imply" a senior officer had misled the probe into the shooting of Jean Charles de Menezes, Paddick accepted the "clarification" and considered the matter closed.
In a substantial campaigning Daily Telegraph interview (17 November 2007 – "I know how to make Londoners feel safe") which Paddick gave to support his suitability to become Mayor he addressed a matter that he would probably not have had in mind but for the death of Menezes. "Policing is a dangerous job, we should trust the professional judgement of officers on the front line. We shouldn't prosecute them or their bosses if they decide to put their lives on the line for the public".
Investigation into suppression of evidence.
On 13 October 2008, at an inquest into the death, a police surveillance officer admitted that he had deleted a computer record of Cressida Dick's instruction that they could allow Menezes to "run on to Tube as was not carrying anything." At the inquest he told the court that "On reflection, I looked at that and thought I cannot actually say that." The IPCC announced that it would investigate the matter "its highest level of investigation".
Result of CPS review.
In July 2006, the Crown Prosecution Service, which like the IPCC operates independently of the Met, announced that it would not carry forward any charges against any individual involved in the shooting of Jean Charles de Menezes. The Met faced criminal charges under sections 3(1) and 33(1)(a) of the Health and Safety at Work etc. Act 1974 for "failing to provide for the health, safety and welfare of Jean Charles de Menezes".
The decision not to prosecute individuals was made on the grounds of insufficient evidence.
The family of Menezes are appealing against that decision in the High Court.
The Metropolitan Police Service entered a not guilty plea to the charges, "after the most careful consideration". The trial started on 1 October 2007.
On December 14, three High Court Judges unanimously rejected demands for a full investigation into the decision of the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) to rule out criminal prosecutions of the police officers who shot dead Jean Charles de Menezes.
On 1 November 2007, the Metropolitan Police were found guilty of the above offences, and were fined £175,000, with £385,000 legal costs.
The Met published a terse release about this decision.
and Len Duvall, Chair of the Metropolitan Police Authority, asked that the full report on the investigation be published.
Controversy over police procedure.
Much discussion following the shooting centred on the rules of engagement followed by armed police when dealing with suspected suicide bombers. Roy Ramm, a former commander of specialist operations for the Metropolitan Police, said that the rules had been changed to permit officers to "shoot to kill" potential suicide bombers, claiming headshots are the safest way to engage the target without risk of detonating devices.
The possibility of a police confrontation with a suicide bomber in the United Kingdom had reportedly been discussed following the 11 September 2001 attacks in the United States. Based on this possibility, new guidelines were developed for identifying, confronting, and dealing forcefully with terrorist suspects. These guidelines were given the code name "Operation Kratos".
Based in part on advice from the security forces of Israel and Sri Lanka – two countries with experience of suicide bombings—Operation Kratos guidelines allegedly state that the head or lower limbs should be aimed at when a suspected suicide bomber appears to have no intention of surrendering. This is contrary to the usual practice of aiming at the torso, which presents the biggest target. A successful hit to the torso may detonate an explosive belt.
Sir Ian Blair appeared on television on 24 July 2005 to accept responsibility for the error on the part of the Metropolitan Police, and to acknowledge and defend the "shoot to kill" policy, saying:
The Met's commissioner Sir Ian Blair, and his predecessor Lord Stevens, had expressed concern about the legal position of police officers who might kill suspected suicide bombers. There is no explicit legal requirement for armed officers to warn a suspect before firing, although guidelines published by the Association of Chief Police Officers say that this "should be considered". A potential suicide bomber is thought to represent a circumstance where warning the suspect may put the public at greater risk because the bomber may detonate his explosives after being warned.
Lord Stevens defended the policy he introduced, despite the error that had been made. Azzam Tamimi of the Muslim Association of Britain was critical, saying: "I just cannot imagine how someone pinned to the ground can be a source of danger." Other leaders of the UK's Muslim community took a similar view. Ken Livingstone, the then Mayor of London, defended the police as having acted in the way they thought appropriate at the time, and with the aim of protecting the public.
The police's confirmation bias may have come into play in this case. Disconfirming evidence that Menezes was the suspect may have been present, but it was interpreted incorrectly. The threat of a suicide bombing on the Underground may have produced stress and time pressures in the department, which in turn can affect a person's decision-making threshold.
Due to the controversy surrounding death of Menezes, the codename of Operation Kratos was dropped from all Police lexicon in 2007–08.
The Jean Charles de Menezes Family Campaign.
On 16 August 2005, the Jean Charles de Menezes Family Campaign, also known as 'Justice4Jean', began calling for a public inquiry into the "unlawful killing" of Menezes.
As there has been no legal process to assess the lawfulness or otherwise of the killing, critics argue that the Campaign's first aim to "find out the truth about Jean’s unlawful killing" reflects a prejudging of the issue. Critics such as Conservative London Assemblyman Brian Coleman have suggested that the involvement of Asad Rehman, a former leader of the Stop the War Coalition and former adviser to George Galloway, MP, in the campaign shows that the family's campaign had been "hijacked" and the death of Menezes was being used to "advance a political aim." Galloway's secretary said that Rehman had been acting in "a personal capacity, … not in his role as political adviser", and Menezes family members Alessandro Pereira and Vivien Figueiredo denied any manipulation.
The family campaign organised three events in 2005:
The family and their campaign continue to be actively supported by Newham Monitoring Project; on 22 July 2007 they held a minute of silence outside Stockwell Tube station to commemorate the second anniversary of Menezes's death. Two days earlier the campaign projected a massive image, 20m × 30m, of Menezes's face with the slogan "Two Years, No Justice" on the walls of the Houses of Parliament. The campaign set up a blog for the duration of the inquest starting on 22 September 2008 and released a pre-inquest briefing.
Inquest.
The inquest opened on 22 September 2008 at John Major conference room at The Oval, Kennington, London. The coroner, Sir Michael Wright, a former High Court judge and assistant deputy coroner for Inner South London, and the jury were to hear from almost 70 witnesses, including over 40 police officers.
On the first day, the inquest heard that the police officers who shot Menezes dead were "convinced" at the time that he was a suicide bomber. In his comments, Sir Michael Wright said that the two officers thought Menezes was about to detonate a "device" on the Tube. He took the inquest jury through the events leading up to Menezes's death, listing a number of occasions where officers were unclear whether or not they thought they were pursuing a bomber. The jury was told of differences between what was being relayed on radio and logged in the Scotland Yard control room and how the officers in the field were interpreting the information.
He said that as Menezes entered the Stockwell Tube station, no member of the surveillance team had positively identified him as Hussain Osman. Regarding the decision of the two marksmen to shoot Menezes, Sir Michael said that they had fired nine rounds between them, seven of which had struck Menezes's head at point blank range. He added that the two officers concerned were convinced that Menezes was a suicide bomber about to detonate a device, and that the only option open was an instant killing.
On 13 October the IPCC launched an investigation after a Metropolitan police surveillance officer named only as "Owen" admitted that he had altered evidence submitted to the inquest. The officer had deleted one of his own computer notes which quoted deputy assistant commissioner Cressida Dick as concluding that Menezes was not a security threat. The note said "CD – can run on to tube as not carrying anything".
On 24 October the inquest heard that Menezes was initially not considered as a suspect, and that the police wanted unarmed officers to halt and question him in case he had information about the failed terrorist attack of 21 July 2005. Detective Sergeant Piers Dingemans and a four-man squad were tasked with stopping Menezes for intelligence purposes as he travelled to Stockwell station on a bus. Dingeamans told the inquest that his car was behind the bus when he was stood down at 09:55, and said he thought this was because Menezes was then considered a suspect.
On 2 December Sir Michael ordered the jury, shortly before it retired to consider its verdict, that they may not return one of "unlawful killing," leaving their options as "lawful killing," or an open verdict. Sir Michael said that the verdict could not be inconsistent with the earlier criminal trial. As well as the short form verdict of "lawful killing" or "open", Sir Michael also asked them to respond to three questions of fact, and nine possible contributory factors with simple "yes," "no," or "cannot decide" answers. The Menezes family lodged an immediate application for a judicial review of the decision.
On 4 December, during Sir Michael's summing up, members of the Menezes family got up and undid their jackets exposing printed slogans on their t-shirts, with the wording "Your legal right to decide – unlawful killing verdict," and left the court room after pausing for 30 seconds in front of the jury. The following day, Sir Michael asked the jury to ignore the protest. In his summing up, Sir Michael stated that to return a verdict of lawful killing, the jury should be, "satisfied of two matters on the balance of probabilities:
If the jury was not satisfied on both of these, they were to return an open verdict.
On 9 December, the jury asked the coroner whether they were required to find unanimity on the short form verdict and all of the additional questions. Sir Michael instructed them that they should strive for unanimity, but he would accept a 10–1 or 9–2 verdict. Later that day one of the jury was permanently dismissed owing to travel plans, reducing the jury to 10, and the following day Sir Michael said he would now accept a 9–1 or 8–2 verdict.
On Friday, 12 December 2008 the inquest into Jean Charles' death returned an open verdict. Their answers to the specific questions and contributory facts were as follows. In the latter portion, the answers 'yes', 'no', and 'can't decide' were determined by the jury while answering the broader question 'which of these other factors, if any, contributed to the death.'
NOTE: The officer identified as "Ivor" was a member of a SO12 Special Branch covert surveillance team who had followed Menezes on the bus and attempted to identify him. He has also been designated as "Hotel 3". The officer identified as "C12" or "Charlie 12" was a member of a CO19 firearms unit who first opened fire and killed Menezes.
In November 2009, the Metropolitan Police reached a compensation deal with the family of Jean Charles de Menezes. This marked the end of litigation between the parties. The amount of compensation was not disclosed.
Disputed facts and events.
Clothing.
With regards to his dress on the day of the shooting "The Observer" reported that he was dressed in "baseball cap, blue fleece and baggy trousers." Mark Whitby, a witness to the shooting, told Reuters that he observed Menezes wearing a large winter coat, which "looked out of place". Vivien Figueiredo, a cousin of Menezes, was later told by police that Menezes was wearing a denim jacket on the day of the shooting. Anthony Larkin, another eyewitness, told the BBC that Menezes appeared to be wearing a "bomb belt with wires coming out."
Based on these eyewitness reports, press speculation at the time said that wearing such heavy clothing on a warm day raised suspicions that Menezes was hiding explosives underneath, and was therefore a potential suicide bomber. At the time of the shooting, the temperature in London (at a Heathrow Airport weather station) was about 17 °C (62 °F).
No device resembling a bomb belt was reported as found. Menezes was also not carrying a tool bag, since he had left it with his work colleague the previous evening. According to the report on leaked IPCC documents, Menezes was wearing a pair of jeans and a light denim jacket. This was confirmed by a photo of his body on the floor of the carriage after the shooting.
Police challenge.
Police initially stated that they challenged Menezes and ordered him to stop outside Stockwell station. Metropolitan Police Commissioner Sir Ian Blair said in a later press conference that a warning was issued prior to the shooting. Lee Ruston, an eyewitness who was waiting on the platform, said the police did not identify themselves. "The Times" reported "senior police sources" as saying that police policy would not require a warning to be given to a suspected suicide bomber before lethal action was taken.
The leaked IPCC documents indicated that Menezes was seated on the train carriage when the SO19 armed unit arrived. A shout of 'police' may have been made, but the suspect never really had an opportunity to respond before he was shot. The leaked documents indicated that he was restrained by an undercover officer before being shot.
During the 2008 inquest into Menezes's death, passengers who were travelling in the same carriage also contradicted police accounts, saying that they heard no warnings and that Menezes gave no significant reaction to arrival of the policemen. One passenger said that Menezes appeared calm even as a gun was held to his head and was clear that the police officers did not shout any warnings before shooting him.
In its open verdict on 12 December 2008, the jury decided 8 to 2 that no shouted warning had been given.
Ticket barrier.
Witnesses stated that up to twenty police officers in plain clothes pursued Menezes into Stockwell station, that he jumped over the ticket barrier, ran down an escalator and tried to jump onto a train. The Menezes family was briefed by the police that their son did not jump over the ticket barrier and may have used a Travelcard to pass through; this was subsequently confirmed by CCTV recordings shown at the Metropolitan Police trial.
The pathologist's post mortem report, which was written five days after the shooting, recorded that Menezes “vaulted over the ticket barriers” and that he “ran down the stairs of the tube station”. Dr Kenneth Shorrock later told the inquest that he had been given this information by police during a "walk-through" with officers at Stockwell Tube Station but he could not remember who had given him this incorrect information, which had also featured in earliest eye-witness reports.
It had been suggested that the man reported by eyewitnesses as jumping over the barrier may have been one of the police officers in pursuit.
Missing CCTV footage.
Initial UK media reports suggested that no CCTV footage was available from the Stockwell station, as recording media had not been replaced after being removed for examination after the previous day's attempted bombings. Other reports stated that faulty cameras on the platform were the reason for the lack of video evidence. An anonymous source confirmed that CCTV footage was available for the ticket area, but that there was a problem with the platform coverage. The source suggested that there was no useful CCTV footage from the platform or the train carriage.
Extracts from a later police report stated that examination of the platform cameras had produced no footage. It said: "It has been established that there has been a technical problem with the CCTV equipment on the relevant platform and no footage exists." It also reported there was no footage from CCTV in the carriage where Menezes was shot, saying "Although there was on-board CCTV in the train, due to previous incidents, the hard drive had been removed and not replaced."
The platform CCTV system is maintained by the Tube Lines consortium in charge of maintaining the Northern Line; unofficial sources from inside the company insisted that the cameras were in working order. It was also reported that London Underground sources insisted that at least three of the four cameras trained on the Stockwell Tube platform were in full working order, and rejected suggestions that the cameras had not been fitted with new tapes after police took away footage from the previous day, 21 July, when suspects in the failed bombings caught trains there.
Motivations.
Several reasons were initially posited by media sources and family members for why Menezes may have run from police, as indicated by initial reports. A few weeks prior, he had been attacked by a gang and may have perceived that he was in a similar situation upon seeing plainclothes officers chasing him. Several sources have speculated that irregularities about his immigration status may have given him reason to be wary of the police; evidence that emerged during the course of the criminal trial into the Health and Safety charge showed that Menezes was lawfully in the country on 22 July 2005. This is mentioned in the Stockwell One report, at footnote 4 on page 21. The "Sydney Morning Herald" reported that a work colleague believed that Menezes ran simply because he was late for his job. It was later indicated by the leaked IPCC documents that Menezes may have run across the platform to get a seat on the train, and did not know at the time that he was being watched or pursued.
Gunshots.
It was initially stated by police that Menezes was shot five times in the head. Mark Whitby, a passenger on the train Menezes had run onto, said: "one of police officers was carrying a black handgun—it looked like an automatic—He half tripped… they pushed him to the floor, bundled on top of him and unloaded five shots into him." Another passenger, Dan Copeland, said: "an officer jumped on the door to my left and screamed, 'Everybody out!' People just froze in their seats cowering for a few seconds and then leapt up. As I turned out the door on to the platform, I heard four dull bangs." Menezes's cousin Alex Pereira, who lived with him, asserted that Menezes had been shot from behind: "I pushed my way into the morgue. They wouldn't let me see him. His mouth was twisted by the wounds and it looked like he had been shot from the back of the neck." Later reports confirmed that Jean Charles de Menezes was shot a total of eight times: seven times in the head and once in the shoulder.
The leaked IPCC documents also indicated that an additional three shots had missed Menezes. One witness claimed that the shots were evenly distributed over a timespan of thirty seconds. This has not been substantiated by other witness reports or the leaked IPCC documents.
Involvement of special forces.
Several commentators suggested that special forces may have been involved in the shooting. Professor Michael Clarke, Professor of Defence Studies at King's College London, went as far as to say that unless there had been a major change in policy it was likely that it was not the police who had carried out the shooting, but special forces:
On 4 August 2005, "The Guardian" reported that the newly created Special Reconnaissance Regiment (SRR), a special forces unit specialising in covert surveillance, were involved in the operation that led to the shooting. The anonymous Whitehall sources who provided the story stressed that the SRR were involved only in intelligence-gathering, and that Menezes was shot by armed police not by members of the SRR or other soldiers. Defence sources would not comment on speculation that SRR soldiers were among the plainclothes officers who followed Menezes onto the No. 2 bus. On 21 August, the "Sunday Herald" reported that SRR men are believed to have been in the tube train when the shooting occurred.
Stockwell One states, of the SO12 surveillance teams: (p. 28)
'During July 2005 each surveillance team had a member of the military attached to them. Those soldiers were unarmed.'
In the transcript of the 2008 inquest, some of the soldiers' testimonies are recorded, including that of 'Hotel 11' and that of 'Frank'.
Exonerated of sexual assault allegations.
In February 2006, a woman claimed to police that a man who resembled Menezes had attacked her in a hotel room on New Year's Eve 2002 in west London. Scotland Yard spent several weeks investigating the claim. After the claim was made public in March 2006, the Menezes family denied the allegation and claimed that the Metropolitan Police were trying to smear Menezes.
Although the family initially denied the request, a blood sample was eventually taken with their permission from Menezes's autopsy. On 25 April 2006 Scotland Yard announced that forensic tests on the sample had cleared Menezes.
Legal settlement.
The four-year legal battle by the family of Jean Charles de Menezes ended when they reached a settlement with Scotland Yard. The Metropolitan police agreed to pay compensation to the family, and in return the relatives of Menezes agreed to end their legal action. The sum of money involved in the settlement is believed to be just over £100,000; in addition the family's substantial legal costs were paid. The Metropolitan Police Commissioner said "a further unreserved apology to the family for the tragic death of Jean Charles de Menezes and to reiterate that he was a totally innocent victim and in no way to blame for his untimely death."
Some have reacted critically to the level of compensation paid by the Metropolitan Police; one commentator, comparing the level or payout to awards at stake in Employment Tribunals, speculated that "Perhaps Menezes' life was worth less because he was poor."
Similar incidents.
Comparisons have been made between the death of Menezes and other innocent or unarmed people shot by British police officers in disputed circumstances, including Stephen Waldorf, James Ashley, Harry Stanley, and the 2 June 2006 Forest Gate raid.
Media.
The shooting was the subject of an hour-long "factual drama" titled "Stockwell", first broadcast on the UK terrestrial channel ITV1 on 21 January 2009 at 9 pm.
During "The Wall" Live tour, Roger Waters of Pink Floyd added an acoustic coda to "Another Brick In The Wall (Part 2)" with additional lyrics in honour of Menezes.
A film about Menezes's life, titled "Jean Charles", was filmed in 2008 and directed by Henrique Goldman. Selton Mello portrays Menezes and Vanessa Giácomo portrays his cousin. The movie debuted on 26 June 2009, in Brazil.
The documentary play "Stockwell" opened in July 2009 at the Landor Theatre in Clapham in London. This play featured actors reading scripts edited by playwright Kieron Barry from transcripts of the inquest.
"This Much is True" written by Paul Unwin (co-creator of the BBC television show "Casualty") and Sarah Beck, is a documentary stage play following the journeys of those caught in the wake of the shooting, weaving together testimony from Jean’s family, Justice4Jean campaigners, senior police officers and lawyers. The production ran at Theatre 503 in Battersea from 27 October–21 November 2009. 
A Finnish thrash metal band Stam1na recorded a song called "Viisi laukausta päähän" (lit. "Five shots to the head") on their second album, Uudet kymmenen käskyä. The song interprets de Menezes being "a beast", hunted by authorities due to the misidentification of him being a terrorist. It also describes a "need" to cut the evil by its roots and track down everything associated with terrorism etc.
A critical account of the shooting was written and recorded as a song "Hollow Point" by Chris Wood on the album "Handmade Life". The song won Song Of The Year at the BBC Radio 2 Folk Awards in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19666825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19666825" title="Melito (disambiguation)">
Melito (disambiguation)

Melito is a name of Italian derivation.
"Melito" may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19666833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19666833" title="Andrei Kobenko">
Andrei Kobenko

Andrei Vasilyevich Kobenko () (born June 25, 1982 in Maykop) is a Russian footballer who plays for FC Torpedo Armavir.
Career.
In a surprising coup, FC Terek Grozny have signed the attacking midfielder from rivals and Russian reigning champions FC Rubin Kazan.

</doc>
<doc id="19666846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19666846" title="Leslie Hardman">
Leslie Hardman

Reverend Leslie Henry Hardman MBE HCF (February 18, 1913 – October 7, 2008) was an Orthodox Rabbi and the first Jewish British Army Chaplain to enter Bergen-Belsen concentration camp, an experience "that made him a public figure, both within his community and outside it".
Early life.
Hardman was born in Glynneath, Wales to a Polish father and Russian mother who were both Jewish. The couple lived in the Welsh valleys and worked as small business traders. While he was still young the family moved to Liverpool where he attended the Hope Street Jewish School. Hardman attended a yeshivah and then the University of Leeds, where he took his BA and then an MA. He married his wife Josi (1911–2007) on October 14, 1936, two years after becoming minister of the Jewish community at St. Anne's, where he was also the shochet, or ritual slaughterer. From there he took a ministerial appointment in Leeds.
Bergen-Belsen.
On the outbreak of World War II in September 1939, Hardman enlisted in the Army Chaplains' Department, being stationed in Hertfordshire with the East Central District of the Eastern Command. In the autumn of 1944 Hardman served in the Netherlands, where he learned of the atrocities perpetrated against Jews. There he became involved with members of the remaining Jewish community, and celebrated Hanukkah with them. From the Netherlands he was sent to Nazi Germany, where he remained until the end of the war.
By April 1945 Captain Hardman was the 32-year-old Senior Jewish Chaplain to the British Forces, attached to the 8th Corps of the British 2nd Army. On 17 April 1945, Hardman entered Bergen-Belsen concentration camp, two days after it had been liberated by British military forces, under the command of fellow Welshman Brigadier Glyn Hughes. Hardman became the first Jewish Chaplain at the site. On arriving at the camp he tried to bring comfort to the survivors and said the Kaddish, the Jewish memorial prayer, over the dead. He tried to persuade the army bulldozer drivers who were pushing the bodies of the dead into a pit to bury them with some kind of dignity. Hardman supervised the burial of about 20,000 victims, "giving them the dignity in death of which they had been robbed in life".
Later he wrote of his experience at the camp, "Towards me came what seemed to be the remnants of a holocaust – a staggering mass of blackened skin and bones, held together somehow with filthy rags. 'My God, the dead walk', I cried aloud, but I did not recognise my voice... at the double star, the emblem of Jewry on my tunice - one poor creature touched and then stroked the badge of my faith, and finding that it was real murmured, 'Rabbiner, Rabbiner'."
Years later, Hardman told a correspondent from the BBC, "If all the trees in the world turned into pens, all the waters in the oceans turned into ink and the heavens turned into paper, it would still be insufficient material to describe the horrors these people suffered under the SS."
When Richard Dimbleby made a radio report of the Belsen liberation from the camp itself for the BBC, Hardman could be heard singing a hymn with two women in the background, one of whom died almost immediately after the recording was made. He circumcised Jewish babies who had been born in the camp as well as burying those who died. He conducted the marriage of a survivor and the British sergeant who had liberated her.
He was recorded as having said that he had lost his faith at Belsen. However, he later stated, "I didn't lose my faith, but some of the words of the prayers I said at Belsen stuck in my throat. I couldn't understand how the God I worshipped could permit this."
Later years.
After the war Hardman served as the rabbi at Hendon United Synagogue from 1947 to 1982, and was the Hendon Branch Chaplain of the Association of Jewish Ex-Servicemen and Women. He also served as chaplain to the psychiatric unit at Edgware Hospital and was a strong supporter of the Holocaust Educational Trust.
Early in the 1960s the North Western Reform Synagogue invited a young German pastor and some teenage members of his church to visit their congregation in London. Hardman was reported in the Jewish Chronicle as having criticized the invitation on the grounds that it was inappropriate. In response, the synagogue's rabbi, Dow Marmur, invited Hardman to attend a public meeting that had been organized to welcome them. Upon hearing the pastor, Hardman was given an opportunity to address the audience. His first words were: "Ladies and Gentlemen, I want to apologize." It takes a special humanbeing to do that.
In 1995 Hardman was invited to conduct the service to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the liberation of Ravensbrück concentration camp. He was also frequently called on by American groups to speak at Holocaust conferences. At one such event the rabbis presented him with an American rabbinical certificate, a presentation which had been denied him by Jews College, the leading rabbinical seminary in London, "for political reasons", he claimed.
Hardman was interviewed by Al Murray at Bergen Belsen for the 2004 documentary "Al Murray's Road To Berlin". In the 2007 Channel 4 drama "The Relief of Belsen" Hardman was portrayed by actor Paul Hilton. Hardman did not watch the programme, but said of it, "One member of my congregation complained that I was seen in it without a kippar. Can you imagine that? There I was, burying thousands of bodies, and all this man cared about was that I wasn't wearing a hat."
Hardman was appointed MBE in 1998 for his services to the Jewish community, and in 1995 was honoured by the Simon Wiesenthal Museum of Tolerance in Los Angeles, California. He was also a Freemason In January 2008 he gave a speech at the National Holocaust Memorial Day commemoration in Liverpool.
Leslie Hardman died on October 7, 2008, aged 95.

</doc>
<doc id="19666859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19666859" title="Shy (disambiguation)">
Shy (disambiguation)

Shy is the adjective describing a person who demonstrates shyness.
Shy or SHY may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19666872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19666872" title="Vauxhall A-Type">
Vauxhall A-Type

The Vauxhall 20 h.p. chassis code A, was a four-cylinder medium-sized car manufactured by Vauxhall Motors Limited from 1908 to 1914 with one more built in 1920. It was the first production Vauxhall designed by Laurence Pomeroy. It became a highly acclaimed 3 litre of its day and at Brooklands on 26 October 1910 it became the first 20 hp car to exceed .
Genesis.
Laurence Pomeroy had joined Vauxhall in 1907 as an assistant draughtsman at the age of twenty-two. He first made his mark at the 1908 RAC and Scottish Reliability Trial, held in June of that year. His first prototype, a development of Vauxhall's 12-16 and named Y1, had outstanding success showing excellent hill climbing ability with an aggregate of 37 seconds less time in the hill climbs than any other car in its class and unparalleled speeds around the Brooklands circuit. His Vauxhall was so far ahead of all cars whatever class that the driver could relax, accomplishing the at an average speed of , when the car was capable of . It went on to win class E of the Trial. That design was put into production in 1908 as Vauxhall's 20 hp offering. Four distinct variations were produced between 27 October 1908 and the end of production in 1914. One last car was put together in 1920.
The Four Distinct versions - A09, A11, A12 and 16-20.
Engine.
The 3-litre side-valve monobloc engine was provided with forced lubrication . The camshaft and magneto were gear-driven until the 16-20 when it was changed to chain drive.
Reviewing the exhibits at the North of England Motor Show at the beginning of 1912 the Manchester Guardian reported that the 20 h.p. engine had been given for 1912 new light connecting rods of very high grade steel and pistons reduced in weight to give smooth running.
Gearbox.
The A09 and A11 were supplied with a four-speed gearbox though some of the earliest cars retained the three-speed gearboxes of the 12-16 and at least 70 of the first cars also retained the sheet copper sump of their predecessor. There was a major revision of the chassis for the A12 and for the 16-20 both engine and chassis underwent major redesign.
See the table below for more information.
Capable of up to the A-Type Vauxhall was one of the most acclaimed 3-litre cars of its day, achieving many records for out-right speed and high speed endurance, within the 21 hp limit, as well as having had some parental involvement in the conception of both the Prince Henry and the 30-98 Vauxhalls.
Less than two dozen survive today out of the 950 produced.

</doc>
<doc id="19666874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19666874" title="William Dinwiddie">
William Dinwiddie

William Dinwiddie (August 23, 1867 – June 17, 1934) was an American journalist, war photographer, writer and colonial administrator in the Philippines. He was born in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Early life.
Dinwiddie took some courses at Columbia University (1881-1883); and then he worked as a customs inspector in Corpus Christi, Texas (1883-1886). He worked for the Bureau of American Ethnology (1886-1895); and then he decided to change careers, becoming a foreign correspondent and photographer.
War correspondent.
Dinwiddie was a journalist and a war photographer for "Harper's Weekly" during the Spanish-American War, assigned to report and photograph the American campaigns in Cuba and Puerto Rico.
He was a war correspondent for the "New York Herald" during the Russo-Japanese War (1904-1905).
Personal life.
William Dinwiddie was twice married. In 1891 he married Mary E Towers, daughter of Chatham Moore Towers and Sallie Lewis Nuckolls. They were the parents of two children: Dorothy and Redfield Towers Dinwiddie. In 1901 he married Caroline Miller Brooke, daughter of William S Brooke and Mary Shoemaker Hallowell.

</doc>
<doc id="19666880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19666880" title="Statutory rape">
Statutory rape

In some common law jurisdictions, statutory rape is sexual activity in which one person is below the age required to legally consent to the behavior. Although it usually refers to adults engaging in sex with minors under the age of consent, it is a generic term, and very few jurisdictions use the actual term "statutory rape" in the language of statutes.
Different jurisdictions use many different statutory terms for the crime, such as "sexual assault" (SA), "rape of a child" (ROAC), "corruption of a minor" (COAM), "unlawful sex with a minor" (USWAM), "carnal knowledge of a minor" (CKOAM), "unlawful carnal knowledge" (UCK), "sexual battery" or simply "carnal knowledge".
In statutory rape, overt force or threat need not be present. Statutory rape laws presume coercion, because a minor or mentally challenged adult is legally incapable of giving consent to the act.
The term "statutory rape" generally refers to sex between an adult and a sexually mature minor past the age of puberty. Sexual relations with a prepubescent child, generically called "child sexual abuse" or "molestation", is typically treated as a more serious crime.
Age of consent.
In many jurisdictions, the age of consent is interpreted to mean mental or functional age. As a result, victims can be of any chronological age if their mental age makes them unable to consent to a sexual act. Other jurisdictions, such as Kentucky, eliminate the legal concept of "mental age" and treat sexting with a mentally incapacitated person as a specific crime.
Laws vary in their definitions of statutory rape. It is generally intended to punish heinous cases of an adult taking sexual advantage of a minor. Thus, many jurisdictions prohibit allowing a juvenile to be tried as an adult under this law (most jurisdictions have separate provisions for child molestation or forcible rape which can be applied to juveniles and for which a minor can be tried as an adult). Some jurisdictions also specify a minimum difference in age in order for the offense to be applicable. Under such terms, if the adult is, for instance, less than three years older than the minor, no crime has been committed or the penalty is far less severe. These are called "Romeo and Juliet" clauses.
Rationale of statutory rape laws.
Statutory rape laws are based on the premise that until a person reaches a certain age, that individual is legally incapable of consenting to sexual intercourse. Thus, the law assumes, even if he or she willingly engages in sexual intercourse, the sex is not consensual.
Critics argue that an age limit cannot be used to determine the ability to consent to sex, since a young teenager might possess enough social sense to make informed and mature decisions about sex, while some adults might never develop the ability to make mature choices about sex, as even many mentally healthy individuals remain naive and easily manipulated throughout their lives.
Another rationale comes from the fact that minors are generally economically, socially, and legally unequal to adults. By making it illegal for an adult to have sex with a minor, statutory rape laws aim to give the minor some protection against adults in a position of power over the youth.
Another argument presented in defense of statutory rape laws relates to the difficulty in prosecuting rape (against a victim of any age) in the courtroom. Because forced sexual intercourse with a minor is considered to be a particularly heinous form of rape, these laws relieve the prosecution of the burden to prove lack of consent. This makes conviction more frequent in cases involving minors.
The original purpose of statutory rape laws was to protect young, unwed females from males who might impregnate them and not take responsibility by providing support for the child. In the past, the solution to such problems was often a "shotgun wedding", a forced marriage called for by the parents of the girl in question. This rationale aims to preserve the marriageability of the girl and to prevent unwanted teenage pregnancy.
Historically a man could defend himself against statutory rape charges by proving that his victim was already sexually experienced prior to their encounter (and thus not subject to being corrupted by the defendant). A requirement that the victim be "of previously chaste character" remained in effect in some U.S. states until as late as the 1990s.
Romeo and Juliet laws.
Often, teenage couples engage in sexual conduct as part of an intimate relationship. This may start to occur before either participant has reached the age of consent, or after one has but the other has not. In most jurisdictions, the person who has reached the age of consent would be guilty of the statutory rape provision. In some jurisdictions (such as California), if two minors have sex with each other, they are both guilty of engaging in unlawful sex with the other person. Most jurisdictions, as previously stated, consider the act itself to be prima facie evidence of guilt, as any consent between partners, even if freely given, does not meet the standard of law, as it is given by a person the law has defined as being incapable of giving consent. Thus the accused individual often has no defense.
These aspects have often been considered unjust, leading to the passage of so-called Romeo and Juliet laws, which serve to reduce or eliminate the penalty of the crime in cases where the couple's age difference is minor and the sexual contact is only considered rape because of the lack of legally recognized consent. Such laws vary, but can include:
Such laws generally apply to a couple whose ages differ by less than a specified number of years. They are, however, generally unavailable in any case where the older participant has an authoritative position over the younger regardless of relative age, such as a teacher/student, coach/player or guardian/ward relationship, or if any physical force was used or serious physical injury resulted. This is normally accomplished by making acts involving these circumstances separate crimes to which the "Romeo and Juliet" defense does not apply.
An example is Texas Penal Code, Section 22.011(e). It provides an affirmative defense to a charge of sexual assault if all of the following apply:
A similar affirmative defense exists in the Texas Penal Code for the related crime of "continuous sexual abuse of a young child or children". Any defense under either law, however, does not apply to the separate crime of "improper educator/student relationship" (sexual relations between a licensed teacher and/or school employee and a student of the same school), or for "aggravated sexual assault" (the forcible rape statute of Texas law).
Gender differences in statutory rape.
Female and male statutory rape.
In the past, sex involving an adult female and an underage male was often ignored by the law, and was often interpreted as a sexual initiation for the younger male. A majority of males in these relationships view it as positive, about a third viewed them as neutral, and a minority of 5% viewed them as negative. Additionally controversial were cases when the adult female is in a position of responsibility over the boy, and there have now been a number of high profile cases (Mary Kay Letourneau, Debra Lafave, Pamela Rogers Turner), in which adult females have been prosecuted for participating in sexual relationships with male minors. Under English and Scottish common law, such cases would be viewed as indecent assault and some have been prosecuted.
A Star-Ledger analysis reveals significant disparities when abuses perpetrated by females are evaluated by penal courts: men are on average sent to jail in more cases and receive longer sentences (on average, a man gets a 50% longer prison sentence). These disparities are well explained with a biased approach by courts, who tend to condone women's crimes especially when they are sexually-oriented.
In at least one case the U.S. courts have held that male victims of rape may be liable for child support for any children resulting from the crime. In "County of San Luis Obispo v. Nathaniel J." the 15-year-old victim Nathaniel J. discussed a future relationship with the perpetrator (a 34-year-old woman) and stated that the sex was "mutually agreeable". Given this testimony, the California Court of Appeal held Nathaniel J. financially responsible for his child. The court stated the boy "was not an innocent victim" of the sexual intercourse.
Same-sex statutory rape.
In some jurisdictions, relationships between adults and minors may be penalized more when both are the same sex. For example, in Kansas, if someone 18 or older has sex with a minor no more than four years younger, a Romeo and Juliet law limits the penalty substantially. As written, however, this law did not apply to same-sex couples, leaving them subject to higher penalties than opposite-sex couples for the same offense. 
The Kansas law was successfully challenged as being in conflict with the U.S. Supreme Court rulings "Lawrence v. Texas" and "Romer v. Evans". The "Lawrence" precedent did not directly address equal protection, but its application in the case of "State v. Limon" (2005) invalidated age of consent laws that discriminate based on sexual orientation in Kansas.
Specific laws depending on countries.
Denmark.
Translates roughly to
The Netherlands.
Artikel 244
Hij die met iemand beneden de leeftijd van twaalf jaren handelingen pleegt die bestaan uit of mede bestaan uit het seksueel binnendringen van het lichaam, wordt gestraft met gevangenisstraf van ten hoogste twaalf jaren of geldboete van de vijfde categorie.
Artikel 245
Hij die met iemand, die de leeftijd van twaalf jaren maar nog niet die van zestien jaren heeft bereikt, buiten echt, ontuchtige handelingen pleegt die bestaan uit of mede bestaan uit het seksueel binnendringen van het lichaam, wordt gestraft met gevangenisstraf van ten hoogste acht jaren of geldboete van de vijfde categorie.
Translates to:
Article 244
He who commits sexual penetration or also sexual penetration with someone younger than twelve years, will be punished with prison up to twelve years or a fine up to that of the fifth category.
Article 245
He who commits sexual offence which consists of sexual penetration or also consists of sexual penetration, with someone who reached the age of twelve years but not yet the age of sixteen years, outside marriage, will be punished with prison up to eight years or a fine up to that of the fifth category.
Notes to the Dutch law:
Current issues.
While there is broad support for the concept of statutory rape as criminal in the United States, there is substantial debate on how vigorously such cases should be pursued and under what circumstances. 
In May 2006, the Irish Supreme Court found the existing statutory rape laws to have been unconstitutional since they prevented the defendant from entering a defense (e.g., that he had reasonably believed that the other party was over the age of consent). This has led to the release of persons held under the statutory rape law and has led to public demands that the law be changed by emergency legislation being enacted. On June 2, 2006 the Irish Supreme Court upheld an appeal by the state against the release of one such person, "Mr. A". Mr. A was rearrested shortly afterwards to continue serving his sentence.
In the aftermath of the December 2007 disclosure by then-16-year-old actress Jamie Lynn Spears, the sister of pop star Britney Spears, that the father of her baby is 18-year-old Casey Aldridge, there was talk of the prosecution of Aldridge for statutory rape, which could be done under current Louisiana state law.

</doc>
<doc id="19666906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19666906" title="Eva-Lena Jansson">
Eva-Lena Jansson

Eva-Lena Jansson (born 1963) is a Swedish social democratic politician. She has been a member of the Riksdag since 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19666916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19666916" title="Moussa Ouwo">
Moussa Ouwo

Moussa Ouwo (born May 29, 1976 in Niger) is a Nigerien football defender. He currently plays for AS Sonabel and previously for JS du Ténéré. He has represented the Niger national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="19666920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19666920" title="Conversion">
Conversion

Conversion may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19666946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19666946" title="Willet M. Hays">
Willet M. Hays

Willet Martin Hays (1859–1927) was an American plant breeder and U. S. Assistant Secretary of Agriculture.
Education.
Hays was born 1859 on a farm near Eldora, Iowa. He graduated from Drake University in 1885 and obtained a master's degree in agriculture from the Iowa State College at Ames. In 1888 he became the first faculty member of the newly founded Minnesota Agricultural Experimental Station of the University of Minnesota at St. Paul. He served there until 1904, interrupted by a two year stint at the North Dakota Agricultural College at Fargo 1891-1893.
Systematic breeding.
"There are Shakespeares among plants" was Hays' reasoning for selecting specific plant units for further breeding. Thus he produced new varieties of plants by selective breeding and crossing.Among his successes were commercially important varieties of superior flax, wheat, corn, barley, and oat; he also discovered winter-resistant Grimm alfalfa.
Government service.
In 1904 Hays was appointed Assistant Secretary of Agriculture and served under James Wilson in the administration of Theodore Roosevelt. He was responsible for setting up the project system for agricultural research that was later developed into the state experimental stations. Hays improved rural infrastructure and took measures to help teach agricultural practices. The Smith-Lever Act and the Smith-Hughes Act were drafted with his help. He left government service in 1913.
Organizations.
Hays was influential in the creation of a number of organizations. In 1903 he founded the "American Breeders' Association" (ABA), renamed "American Genetic Association" in 1915. Hays was the first president of the ABA, a position he kept for ten years. He formulated the three objectives of the organization: "(1) Determine the laws of inheritance in animals and plants. (2) Learn the application of these laws to increase the intrinsic commercial and artistic values of living things. (3) Aid in bringing about this desired improvement through associated effort."
In 1913 Hays drafted the protocol for the "New International Institute of Agriculture" in Rome, the forerunner of today's United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization. The same year he went to Argentina where he helped to set up the Department of Agriculture and in the planning of the University of Tucuman.
By 1915 Hays suffered from ill health and retired on a farm, first in Pennsylvania, later in Iowa. He died on January 15, 1927 at Eldora.
"U. S. Willet M. Hays" (Liberty ship).
Hays had a Liberty ship, the "U.S. Willet M. Hays", hull number 2763, named after him. The ship was laid down at the Permente Metals Corporation, Shipbuilding Division, Yard No. 2, Richmond, California, on February 1944, and launched on March 4. In 1947, the "Willet M. Hays" was sold, and it was scrapped in 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="19666951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19666951" title="Aleksandr Orekhov">
Aleksandr Orekhov

Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Orekhov () (born November 29, 1983 in Kropotkin) is a Russian footballer currently played for FC Rubin Kazan.
Plagued by injury, Orekhov has not played since October 2010, returning to training in early 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="19667023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667023" title="Inger Jarl Beck">
Inger Jarl Beck

Inger Jarl Beck (born 1948) is a Swedish social democratic politician. She has been a member of the Riksdag since 2006. She was a substitute from 2002 to 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19667062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667062" title="YMCA Camp Tecumseh">
YMCA Camp Tecumseh

YMCA Camp Tecumseh Outdoor Center is located in Indiana near the towns of Brookston, Indiana and Delphi, Indiana on the Tippecanoe River. The closest large city to Camp Tecumseh is Lafayette, Indiana, which is just across the Wabash River from West Lafayette (home of Purdue University). Camp Tecumseh was established in 1924 when citizens of Delphi raised $3000 to purchase the land which lies on a bend on the Tippecanoe river. The camp is named after Tecumseh, a Shawnee chief. Camp Tecumseh is fully accredited by the American Camping Association and currently serves over 4,000 campers every summer from throughout the midwest USA and the world. Camp Tecumseh is also open throughout the year, providing an Outdoor Education service for schools and a facility for retreats and conferences of all kinds. The facility serves over 30,000 people per year. It is an independent YMCA branch and is operated independently of other metro YMCAs.
History.
In 1922, the YMCA of Indiana wanted to establish camps in Indiana. Most YMCAs in the state were too small to host a camp on their own, so regional camps, combining the resources of several YMCAs were pursued as the solution. The YMCA of Indiana raised funds for property in southern part of the state near Bedford, Indiana. The fund drive a success, netting the over $20,000 needed to establish their first State YMCA camp, Camp Bedford in 1923.
The success of the Camp Bedford campaign encouraged a drive for a YMCA State Camp to placed in Northern Indiana. The citizens of Delphi, Indiana presented a petition to the YMCA of Indiana asking that the camp be placed at a Carroll county site located on the Tippecanoe river, one of many sites under consideration for the new Northern Indiana State camp. The owner of the proposed site was J. Reid McCain, a local farmer, who promised to sell the for $3,000 for the camping site. The YMCA of Indiana the pledged that if Delphi could provide the $3,000 for the land, keep a good road to the camp, and insure a "friendly attitude" towards the camp that they would agree to the Carroll county site for the new camp. In a burst of activity and a one day fund drive, the citizens of Delphi provided a total of $3,775 for purchase of the land.
The new Northern Indiana State Camp to be founded on the Tippecanoe River was not yet named, so a "name-the-camp" contest was conducted by the YMCA of Indiana. The grand prize was a free two-week stay at the new camp. Jack Fisher, an 11-year-old from Battle Ground, Indiana submitted "Camp Tecumseh," a name closely associated with the local history, which includes the Battle of Tippecanoe. Fisher's contribution won the contest and he attended the first session of camp held in 1924.
Girls camps have always been included at Camp Tecumseh. Camp sessions in 1924 included two 10-day sessions for girls and three for boys. In 1965, separate sessions ended following the national YMCA's push for co-educational camping.
Camp Tecumseh has also closely allied itself with other youth organizations from the early days, and 1924 included a "Week for Agricultural Clubs" which became known as "4-H Camp." This camp continues yearly to the present day.
In 1924 cabins were not complete, and campers stayed in tents. Early Camp Tecumseh cabins were wood frames with canvas roofs and canvas sides. Eventually the canvas was replaced by wooden shutters, but the same basic cabin structures were used until they were replaced in 1979. One of these old cabins remains on the camp grounds as a historical monument.
All waterfront activities were held in the Tippecanoe river until 1950, when concerns over pollution and possible infections to campers prompted a drive to build a pool. The main donor for the pool was then President of the Camp Committee, Joe Shirk. The pool, along with an additional pool added in 1996 remain in use today. In 1991, Camp Tecumseh held a fund drive to build a man made lake. Karl and Marietta Kettelhut gladly met this request by providing 95% of the donations. They deferred the name of the lake to Camp Director Dick Marsh because he had been so instrumental in the formation of Camp Tecumseh. There is now a chapel above the lake to thank the Kettelhut's for their contribution. The lake allowed campers to once again swim in a "natural" body of water, and is a camper favorite.
In 1968, the Illinois and Indiana YMCAs merged to become the new Region I of the YMCA of the USA. With this change many involved in the operations of Camp Tecumseh felt that they no longer wanted to have to rely on YMCA hierarchy for the support of camp they needed. Much of the facility was out of shape and at various points during the 1960s board members feared that Tecumseh would be shut down by the YMCA of Indiana due to financial difficulties. The next logical step for the Camp Tecumseh was to become an independent YMCA. On October 16, 1970, Camp Tecumseh requested Independent YMCA status and it was granted by the YMCA of the USA the next day.
Programs.
Today, Camp Tecumseh YMCA hosts a variety of both summer camp programs and retreats and events throughout the year. The most popular summer program is general Resident’s Summer Camp, which serves children aged 8–15. These campers stay for one-week or two-week long sessions in a cabin with approximately ten campers and two counselors. They are divided into one of four units based on their age: Braves (8-10), Blazers (11-12), Warriors (13), and Pathfinders (14-15). Every activity is specially designed around the ages of campers within the units, in able to ensure the best possible experience for each camper.
In 2004, the growth of the summer camp program had expanded so much that new facilities had to be built to support the vast number of campers. Camp Tecumseh responded by building new cabins, a new lodge, and a new chapel near the Richard G. Marsh Lake. This area of camp became known as Lake Village and today serves the Warrior and Pathfinder campers. The original central hub of camp, now referred to as River Village, primarily serves the Brave and Blazer campers.
In addition to the general Summer Camp, Camp Tecumseh also offers an Equestrian program for campers aged 11–15. These campers participate in many of the same fun activities as the Resident campers, with a bigger emphasis on equine skills development. Equestrian campers spend every morning or afternoon with “their” horse and practice grooming and riding.
Also, for campers aged 13–17, there are Adventure Trip programs available. These are one to two adventures that take the campers on an unforgettable journey to some of America’s most beautiful outdoor destinations. Types of adventure trips include whitewater rafting, sailing, and horsepacking.
When campers reach the age of 15 and can no longer return to summer camp, they have the option of returning for the two-week Campers In Leadership Training (CILT) Program. This program is for campers who have completed their sophomore year of high school and wish to further develop their leadership skills. They’ll receive a “behind the scenes” look on the workings of camp and have the ability to directly shadow and learn from older Day Camp and Resident Camp counselors.
During the fall, winter, and spring months, Camp Tecumseh hosts a multitude of Outdoor Education programs for primary schools. These programs include Pioneer Heritage (Indiana History) for grades 3-5, Earthship Journey (Environmental Awareness) for grades 4-6, Foundations for Success (Character Development) for grades 6-8, Discovering Nature (Environmental Awareness) for grades 1-3, Christmas in the Colonies (Indiana History) for grades 3-5, and Project American Life (Citizenship) for grades 5-8.
Camp Tecumseh also hosts many outdoor retreats and events for groups such as Indian/Adventure Guides & Princesses, Girl Scouts, Boy Scouts, church groups, conferences, and family camps. The Tecumseh Leadership Center also holds year-round events for high school and college groups, corporate groups, and other conferences. It hosts yearly quilting camps and sometimes even family reunions.

</doc>
<doc id="19667066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667066" title="Boyle (disambiguation)">
Boyle (disambiguation)

Boyle is a Scottish and Irish surname of Norman origin.
Boyle may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19667067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667067" title="Speer (disambiguation)">
Speer (disambiguation)

Speer is a surname.
Speer may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19667069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667069" title="Sergei Kozko">
Sergei Kozko

Sergei Viktorovich Kozko (; born April 12, 1975 in Stavropol) is a Russian football coach and a former player who is currently a goalkeeping coach with FC Torpedo Armavir.

</doc>
<doc id="19667083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667083" title="Valor Security Services">
Valor Security Services

Valor Security Services of Marietta, GA, a division of SMS Holdings Nashville, TN, is the largest company in the United States providing contract security services exclusively to the shopping center industry. In 2006, the last year data was available, Valor ranked as the nation’s 18th largest security firm in Security Magazine’s ranking of the 50 largest security firms (determined by Valor's annual revenue of $90 million).
Valor was founded in 1991 by Dan Rakestraw. Mr. Rakestraw currently serves as President. Valor is a national provider of security management services and risk management services to over 300 properties and employs over 4000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="19667085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667085" title="Abas (mythology)">
Abas (mythology)

In Greek mythology, the name Abas (; "gen".: Ἄβαντος) is attributed to several individuals:
In the "Aeneid", the name Abas belongs to two companions of Aeneas:

</doc>
<doc id="19667088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667088" title="Senta flammea">
Senta flammea

The Flame Wainscot ("Senta flammea") is a species of moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found from Europe to Japan, but is not found on the Iberian Peninsula, the islands in the Mediterranean Sea, Greece and central and southern Italy.
The wingspan is 32–40 mm. The moth flies from May to June depending on the location.
The larvae feed on "Phragmites", including "Phragmites australis".

</doc>
<doc id="19667093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667093" title="15 Central Park West">
15 Central Park West

15 Central Park West is an ultra-luxurious condominium building located at the corner of West 61st Street and Central Park West in New York City. Construction started in 2005 and was completed in 2008, costing a total of $950 million. The building was designed by Robert A.M. Stern.
The building was constructed by developers Arthur and William Lie Zeckendorf of Zeckendorf Development, grandsons of real estate developer William Zeckendorf, in partnership with Goldman Sachs and Eyal Ofer’s Global Holdings Inc. Eyal Ofer, also owns the Altria Building, 18 Gramercy Park and a new luxury residential tower at 50 United Nations Plaza, which was announced in November 2012. 15 Central Park West is considered by some to be one of New York's most prestigious residential addresses. The location, described as "the most expensive site in Manhattan," (worth $401 million in 2004) comprises an entire, albeit small, city block on Central Park West, formerly occupied by the somewhat dilapidated Mayflower Hotel (a 1926 Neo-Renaissance building designed by the architect Emery Roth) and a vacant lot.
As designed, 15 CPW is divided into two sections, a 19-story tower on Central Park West known as "the house" and a 35-story tower on Broadway, joined by a glass-enclosed lobby. It includes such amenities as a private driveway to screen residents from paparazzi, a cinema with 20 seats and fitness center which has a 75-foot (22.86 m) swimming pool.
"The New Yorker" architecture critic Paul Goldberger wrote that 15 CPW was designed to "echo" Central Park West's many notable late Art Deco buildings. He described the building in "Vanity Fair" as an "ingenious homage to the classic Candela-designed apartment buildings on Park and Fifth Avenues." He compared 15 CPW to the great apartment houses of the 1920s, 834 Fifth Avenue, 778 Park Avenue, 1040 Fifth Avenue and 740 Park Avenue. 15 Central Park West's limestone facade uses material from "the same quarry that was a source for the Empire State Building".
Celebrity residents include or have included Sting, Norman Lear, Denzel Washington, Bob Costas, Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein, Russian businessman Dmitry Rybolovlev and his daughter Ekaterina Rybolovleva, former Citigroup executive Sandy Weill, businessman Min Kao, NASCAR driver Jeff Gordon, and professional baseball player Alex Rodriguez.

</doc>
<doc id="19667111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667111" title="Statistical relational learning">
Statistical relational learning

Statistical relational learning (SRL) is a subdiscipline of artificial intelligence and machine learning that is concerned with models of domains that exhibit both uncertainty (which can be dealt with using statistical methods) and complex, relational structure. Typically, the knowledge representation formalisms developed in SRL use (a subset of) first-order logic to describe relational properties of a domain in a general manner (universal quantification) and draw upon probabilistic graphical models (such as Bayesian networks or Markov networks) to model the uncertainty; some also build upon the methods of inductive logic programming.
Significant contributions to the field have been made since the late 1990s.
As is evident from the characterization above, the field is not strictly limited to learning aspects; it is equally concerned with reasoning (specifically probabilistic inference) and knowledge representation. Therefore, alternative terms that reflect the main foci of the field include "statistical relational learning and reasoning" (emphasizing the importance of reasoning) and "first-order probabilistic languages" (emphasizing the key properties of the languages with which models are represented).
Canonical tasks.
A number of canonical tasks are associated with statistical relational learning, the most common ones being
Representation formalisms.
One of the fundamental design goals of the representation formalisms developed in SRL is to abstract away from concrete entities and to represent instead general principles that are intended to be universally applicable. Since there are countless ways in which such principles can be represented, many representation formalisms have been proposed in recent years. In the following, some of the more common ones are listed in alphabetical order:

</doc>
<doc id="19667121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667121" title="2008–09 Swiss Cup">
2008–09 Swiss Cup

Swiss Cup 2008–09 was the eighty-fourth season of Switzerland's annual cup competition. It began on 20 September with the first games of Round 1 and ended on 20 May 2009 with the Final held at Stade de Suisse, Berne. The winners earned a place in the play-off round of the UEFA Europa League. FC Basel were the defending champions.
Participating clubs.
Nine Super League teams (FC Vaduz are from Liechtenstein and thus play in the Liechtenstein Cup 2008–09) and all sixteen Challenge League clubs entered this year's competition, as well as thirteen teams from 1. Liga and 26 teams from lower leagues (their level within the Swiss league pyramid is given in parentheses below). Teams from 1. Liga and below had to qualify through separate qualifying rounds within their leagues.
Round 1.
Teams from Super League and Challenge League were seeded in this round. In a match, the home advantage was granted to the team from the lower league, if applicable.
Round 2.
The winners of Round 1 played in this round. Teams from Super League were seeded. In a match, the home advantage was granted to the team from the lower league, if applicable.
Round 3.
The winners of Round 2 played in this round. In a match, the home advantage was granted to the team from the lower league, if applicable. Some games were postponed due to snow, and subsequently played elsewhere.
Quarterfinals.
The winners of Round 3 played in this round.
Semifinals.
The winners of the quarterfinals played in this round. As in the previous round, matches were openly drawn, meaning that the team drawn first in a match earned the home game.

</doc>
<doc id="19667140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667140" title="Synthetic ice">
Synthetic ice

Synthetic ice is a solid polymer material designed for skating using normal metal-bladed ice skates. Rinks are constructed by interlocking panels. Synthetic ice is sometimes called artificial ice but that term is ambiguous, as it is also used to mean the mechanically-frozen skating surface created by freezing water with refrigeration equipment.
History.
The first known application of plastics as a substitute for ice for the purpose of ice skating was in the 1960s using materials such as polyoxymethylene plastic which was developed by DuPont in the early 1950s. The polymers used at the time had some significant shortcomings. The most obvious being that skaters could not glide on these surfaces as they can on real ice without the regular application of a silicone compound. The compound would build up on the surface, collecting dirt and grime.
In 1982, High Density Plastics launched the first full-size synthetic skating floor under the trade name of Hi Den Ice. The surface was made of interlocking panels of high density polyethylene which became an ice rink when sprayed with a gliding fluid. The surface needed to be cleaned off and resprayed once a month. In a dry form, the panels were also usable for other indoor sports.
Research and development in the field of synthetic ice has improved its skating characteristics. Special polymer materials have been specifically engineered for skating and unique lubricants designed to work with the polymer and be absorbed by it so that the surface is less sticky and does not attract contaminants while providing an ice-like glide. Smoothness between panels at seams has been improved by improvements in production and assembly methods. It is estimated that synthetic ice has 90% of the glide factor of natural ice.
Comparison with true ice.
Skating on natural ice, the skate blade increases the temperature of the microscopic top layers of the ice reducing drag and causing the blade to glide on top of the ice. On synthetic ice rinks, liquid surface enhancements are common among synthetic ice products to further reduce drag on the skate blade over the artificial surface. Although some synthetic ice products allow skating without liquid, liquid is still used to optimize gliding.
Materials.
A typical synthetic ice rink will consist of many panels (usually in typical building material sheet sizes) of thin surface material assembled on top of a sturdy, level and smooth sub-floor (anything from concrete to wood or even dirt or grass) to create a large skating area.
Usage.
Synthetic ice rinks are sometimes used where frozen ice surfaces are impractical due to temperatures making natural ice impossible. Synthetic ice rinks are also used as an alternative to artificial ice rinks due to the overall cost, not requiring any refrigeration equipment. For pleasure skating, rinks have been installed indoors at resorts and entertainment venues while newer installations are being made outdoors. For purposes of ice hockey, synthetic ice rinks are typically smaller, at about by , and are used for specialized training, such as shooting or goalie training.

</doc>
<doc id="19667148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667148" title="VTU (disambiguation)">
VTU (disambiguation)

VTU may stand for

</doc>
<doc id="19667154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667154" title="Yevgeni Balyaikin">
Yevgeni Balyaikin

Yevgeni Viktorovich Balyaikin (; born 19 May 1988) is a Russian footballer currently playing for FC Krylia Sovetov.
International career.
Balyaikin is a part of the Russia U-21 side that is competing in the 2011 European Under-21 Championship qualification.

</doc>
<doc id="19667158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667158" title="Anaplectoides prasina">
Anaplectoides prasina

The Green Arches ("Anaplectoides prasina") is a species of moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in both the Palearctic ecozone and the Nearctic ecozone.
The wingspan is 40–50 mm. The moth flies from May to August depending on the location.
The larvae feed on herbaceous plants, shrubs and deciduous trees. A list is given by Robinson, G. S et al.

</doc>
<doc id="19667179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667179" title="List of Anderson University (Indiana) alumni">
List of Anderson University (Indiana) alumni

<onlyinclude>
This list of Anderson University (Indiana) alumni includes graduates, non-graduate former students and current students of Anderson Bible Training School, Anderson College and Theological Seminary, Anderson College, and/or Anderson University in Anderson, Indiana. 
Anderson University is a private Christian liberal arts university affiliated with the Church of God (Anderson). Established in 1917 as the Anderson Bible Training School, the school changed its name to Anderson College and Theological Seminary, then Anderson College, and finally, Anderson University.
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="19667194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667194" title="Nabara Dam">
Nabara Dam

Nabara Dam is a dam in the Hiroshima Prefecture of Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="19667240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667240" title="Ōdomari Dam">
Ōdomari Dam


</doc>
<doc id="19667242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667242" title="Abdel Latif El Zein">
Abdel Latif El Zein

Abdel Latif El Zein (born November 23, 1932) is a Lebanese politician, and has been serving as Member of Parliament since 1960. He is the longest-serving member of parliament in the world. He previously held the position of Minister of Agriculture. He is the son of Youssef Beik El-Zein, a prominent Lebanese figure. Two of his brothers also previously served as Members of Parliament: Abdelkarim El-Zein and Abdelmajid El-Zein. The 2009 parliament is repeating history. Following the 1953 legislative elections the eldest Member of Parliament at the time was Youssef El-Zein who headed the opening parliament session for electing the parliament speaker. The youngest elected Member of Parliament in that year was Ghassan Tueni. 56 years later elected MP Abdelatif El-Zein is parliament's eldest member who is scheduled to play the same role his father Youssef did in 1953. In an additional coincidence elected Beirut 1 MP Nayla Tueni is now one of parliament's youngest members as her grandfather Ghassan was in 1953. Hence, history repeats itself 56 years later.

</doc>
<doc id="19667257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667257" title="Hamasing">
Hamasing

Hamasing is an old town area of Kaohsiung, located around the south end of Gushan District, just between the foot of Ape Hill and Yancheng District, another old area of the city. Its place name was derived from "Hamasen" (濱線; はません), the Japanese names of two railways which pass through this area. Before the establishment of Kaohsiung Station, Hamasing was a regular stop of passenger trains.
Hamasing has a wharf named Gushan Ferry Station (鼓山渡輪站), it connects Gushan District and Qijin Island by regular ferry transportation. Additionally, many small fishing boats and yacht also berth at here. The Xiziwan Station of Orange Line of the subway of Kaohsiung is located in this area. And there is a tunnel crossed the Ape Hill which connected Hamasing and National Sun Yat-sen University. 

</doc>
<doc id="19667259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667259" title="Gérard Banide">
Gérard Banide

Gérard Banide (born July 12, 1936 in Paris) is a former French football coach. He is the father of Laurent Banide.

</doc>
<doc id="19667274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667274" title="Karrell Fox">
Karrell Fox

Karrell Fox (January 30, 1928 – March 12, 1998) was a 20th-century American magician. When he was a child, his parents operated a small restaurant in Rainelle, West Virginia. A customer bolted without paying his bill, but left behind a few small tricks. With these, Karrell began his magic career. Fox appeared on The Ed Sullivan Show at the age of 18, and was co-owner of The Fox Fun 'N Magic Shop in Detroit Michigan.
He was one of the first Trade Show magicians and billed himself as "King of Korn". He created the "Magic World of Ford" for the Ford Motor Company and toured with it for many years. He later had his own TV show, performing as Milky the Clown. He was a regular performer at Abbott's Get Together, surpassed only by Gordon Miller, an Abbott's employee/performer. Fox traditionally MC'ed and performed on the closing (Saturday evening) show of the Get-Together and the "act" was a lampoon of the other acts of that year's Get-Together and other happenings of note from the Get-Together. Duke Stern and Abb Dickson were Karrell's "Partner in Fun" for more than 25 years, performing with him at magic conventions all over the world. The scripts were written by Karrell Fox and Duke Stern (until his death), Abb Dickson and any other member of the troupe who had an idea.
For several years Fox wrote the "FOX-TALES" Column in "TOPS" magazine. Fox served as the 48th President of the International Brotherhood of Magicians (1986-1987).
To quote another magic legend, Harry Blackstone, Jr., "...The strongest possible effects achieved with the simplest possible methods has always been the Fox formula."
Fox appeared on the Australian Magic Convention public show line-up June 8–11, 1984.
In 1993 Fox gave a tour of Colon's Cemetery, filled with legendary magicians that have passed, during the Abbott Magic Get-Together. This tradition has been carried on by Al The Only of Hawaii.
Personal life.
Fox was married to his "child bride" (as he often referred to her), Lynn, and had two sons, Karlin (a combination of Karrell's and Lynn's names) and Darin. He died in 1998 while attending the Las Vegas Desert Magic Seminar, aged 70, from undisclosed causes and was interred at Lakeside Cemetery in Colon, Michigan.
Honors and awards.
In 1996, a Golden Palm Star on the Palm Springs, California, Walk of Stars was dedicated to him.
He also received:

</doc>
<doc id="19667281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667281" title="Faux (disambiguation)">
Faux (disambiguation)

Faux is a French word meaning false. Faux may also refer to:
Faux is also a rare last name, of British origin. As a name, it is often pronounced "Forks", or "Foe".

</doc>
<doc id="19667292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667292" title="Ozegawa Dam">
Ozegawa Dam

Ozegawa Dam is a dam in Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="19667297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667297" title="Grupo Vidanta Foundation">
Grupo Vidanta Foundation

The Grupo Vidanta Foundation is a non-profit institution for the promotion of social sciences and culture with a focus on Latin America. The Foundation was founded by Daniel Chavez Moran and began its activities in 2005 under the name Grupo Mayan Foundation. As of May 1, 2008, it adopted its present name. The current President of the foundation is Roberto Russell.
Prize.
Grupo Vidanta Foundation Prize: Contributions to the Reduction of Inequality and Poverty in Latin America and the Caribbean is a joint initiative by the Organization of American States (OAS), the Ibero-American General Secretariat (SEGIB) and the Grupo Vidanta Foundation. Its aim is to provide recognition and support for outstanding projects carried out in Latin America and the Caribbean to reduce poverty and inequality and fight discrimination.
The Award competition, to be held annually as from September 2009, consists of a first prize of $ 100,000.00 (one hundred thousand), and lesser second and third prizes, contributed entirely by the Grupo Vidanta Foundation. The prize was awarded for the first time on October 14, 2010 in Mexico City in an event organized by Daniel Chavez Moran.,

</doc>
<doc id="19667303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667303" title="List of dyes">
List of dyes

List of dyes with Colour Index International generic names and numbers.
Note

</doc>
<doc id="19667307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667307" title="Shikawa Dam">
Shikawa Dam

Development.
The dam is currently managed by the Tsutsumi Takashi Office of Hiroshima Prefecture. The Shikawa Dam is a concrete gravity dam which was initiated as part of the Kamo River Flood Control Plan. The plan has a number of important functions and aims to improve irrigation and flood control in the area whilst providing water stabilization and environmental protection. The artificial lake, formed by the dam is at present to the north, just past the dam. Takiyama castle is nearby. 
The Shikawa Dam is in the upper reaches of the Kamo River. A pond dam for irrigation was originally completed as early as 1925 but underwent significant renovation between 1974 and 2004 to enable it to control flooding in the area. 
The dam also serves as a sewage treatment works with its water treatment facilities. Sludge generated by the turbines is re-used. The mass recycling of the sludge earned the dam the Merit Award for Recycling in 2002 by the Ministry of Transport even before the dam was officially opened. 

</doc>
<doc id="19667321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667321" title="Shiroyama Dam">
Shiroyama Dam

The is a multi-purpose dam on the main stream Sagami River in Sagamihara, Kanagawa Prefecture on the island of Honshū, Japan. 
History.
The potential of the Sagami River valley for hydroelectric power development began to be developed in the 1930s, with the growth of industry and electrical consumption in the Yokohama-Kanagawa industrial belt. Work on the Sagami Dam, the first dam on the main stream of the Sagami River began in 1938; however, lack of funding and the advent of World War II delayed completion until after the end of the war. Work on the Shiroyama Dam, in the former town of Tsukui, Tsukui District commenced in 1960 and was completed in 1965 by the Kumagai Gumi construction company.
Design.
The Shiroyama Dam is a hollow-core concrete gravity dam. It was designed to provide flood control, and industrial and drinking water to the cities of Yokohama, Kawasaki, Yokosuka and the Shōnan area. It also serves as a Pumped-storage hydroelectricity facility in conjunction with the Honzawa Dam further upstream. The associated Shiroyama Hydroelectric Power Plant has a rated capacity of 250,000 kW of power, and the Tsukui Hydroelectric Power Plant has an additional capacity of 25,000 kW. The reversible turbine generators at the Shiroyama Power Plant were designed to function as either electrical power generators, or as pumps, to reverse the flow of water back into the reservoir of the Honzawa Dam in times of low demand.
Surroundings.
Public access to the Shiroyama Dam and to Lake Tsukui are by Japan National Route 413, which actually runs across the top of the dam itself. 

</doc>
<doc id="19667342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667342" title="Hamidou Djibo">
Hamidou Djibo

Hamidou Djibo (born March 8, 1985 in Niger) is a Nigerien football striker. He currently plays for AS GNN in the Niger Premier League.
Djibo was the member of the Niger national football team, and was part of the squad during the World Cup qualifiers.
Career.
He previously played for ES Sétif from Algeria and the RC Kadiogo from Burkina Faso. He won national championship in 2011 with his club AS GNN.
International career.
He was a member of the Niger national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="19667352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667352" title="Retinography">
Retinography

Retinography is imaging of the retina and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19667356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667356" title="Daniel E. Kelley">
Daniel E. Kelley

Daniel E. Kelley (Rhode Island, Feb. 1845 – Iowa, 1905) was a musician and entertainer, who after moving to Kansas in 1872, wrote the music for "Home on the Range", which became the state song. Kelley played violin with his brothers-in-law in the Harlan Brothers Band, but was primarily a carpenter by trade. He married Mary E. Harlan in Kansas and they had four children. He moved to Iowa in 1889 and committed suicide there in 1905. He was buried in Fairview Cemetery, Waterloo, Iowa.

</doc>
<doc id="19667367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667367" title="Tarudoko Dam">
Tarudoko Dam

Tarudoko Dam is a dam in the Hiroshima Prefecture of Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="19667371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667371" title="The Original US Singles Collection The Capitol Years 1962–1965">
The Original US Singles Collection The Capitol Years 1962–1965

The Original US Singles Collection The Capitol Years 1962–1965 is a boxset released in 2008 from Capitol, which features the original singles (in mono and stereo) from The Beach Boys from 1962–1965.

</doc>
<doc id="19667395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667395" title="Christos M. Cotsakos College of Business">
Christos M. Cotsakos College of Business

The Christos M. Cotsakos College of Business is the business school of William Paterson University, Wayne, New Jersey, USA. The college is accredited in business and accounting by the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB). It is one of four business schools in New Jersey that are accredited.
The college has six academic departments - Accounting, Finance, Professional Sales, Management, Marketing, and Global Business.
The college has received accreditation from AACSB International – The Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business. It is one of 500 business schools worldwide that are accredited by AACSB International. 
The E*TRADE Financial Learning Center, one of the few trading rooms found in an academic environment, is the hub of all electronic business information exchange and analysis for the college. 
The college is housed in the university’s newest building, 1600 Valley Road. Seminars and forums, such as the Business Leaders’ Symposium, the Finance Symposium, and the Enterprise Case Study Competition are held there. 
It was named in May 2001 as the "Christos M. Cotsakos College of Business" in honor of Dr. Christos M. Cotsakos, former E*TRADE CEO and alumnus.

</doc>
<doc id="19667399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667399" title="Roger T. Forster">
Roger T. Forster

Cambridge.
Forster studied Mathematics and Theology at Cambridge University from 1951 to 1954. He was a contemporary of David Watson, Michael Harper, Michael Green and David Sheppard. By the standards of his later evangelical beliefs, he considered his Methodist upbringing to be both liberal and without a clear presentation of the Christian gospel. When he heard an explanation of it by an Anglican bishop (Hugh Gough) at the Christian Union, he decided, "to follow Christ." Three years later, he reported an experience of being baptised in the Spirit which he described as "sine curves of love going through the room." Sider observes that the foundations of later values began to take shape at this point: a commitment to combine evangelical ministry with social action, together with recognition and service to all true people of God, irrespective of church affiliation.
RAF.
After graduating, he became an officer in the RAF from 1954 to 1956. His radical mindset became evident immediately, as even in the RAF he put into practice the "organic church" ideas of G H Lang. He met with others at a pub, a club or a home, circled some chairs and expected everyone to contribute, as he felt the Bible recommended. This successful work led to invitations to preach at churches in the surrounding area; his itinerant evangelistic work began at this point.
Itinerant evangelist.
From 1956 to 1969 his commitment to evangelism led him to the work of University missions. He had several experiences of seeing small groups set up after an evangelistic campaign; this showed him it was possible to gather converts into the nucleus of a new church. Later he became involved in urban mission. He was associated with the work of Honor Oak Fellowship under the leadership of Theodore Austin-Sparks. Sparks' teaching on organic church life and the work of the cross in the believer made a great impression on Forster.
Ichthus.
In September 1974 Forster began Ichthus Christian Fellowship in his front room with 14 people, including Roger and Sue Mitchell. Ichthus began with "elements of Brethren ecclesiology, an acceptance of second blessing theology, a willingness to engage in spiritual warfare, a recognition that the church was big and varied rather than narrow and sectarian." Rather than planting a church to simply give place to the gifts of the Spirit, Ichthus was committed to practical service, on-the-job training, evangelism, overseas mission and service to all, aiming at love for each other as the final evidence of authentic Christianity.
March for Jesus.
In 1987 the relationship of Ichthus led by Roger Forster, "Pioneer" led by Gerald Coates and "Youth with a Mission" led by Lynn Green - together with worship leader Graham Kendrick - led to March for Jesus, a movement which over the next three years spread across the UK, Europe and North America, and finally across the world. Hundreds of smaller marches emerged in its wake. The songs that form Graham Kendrick's "Shine Jesus Shine" - the best-selling UK praise and worship album of its era - were written during a time when he was worship leader at Ichthus.
Reputation.
According to Andrew Walker, a leading commentator on the British New Church Movement he is considered to have "one of the finest minds in the Evangelical constituency."
Theologian and author Greg Boyd dedicated his 2007 book "The Jesus Legend" to Forster, stating that "for fifty years Roger has tirelessly and selflessly served the Kingdom with intellectual brilliance and Christ-like sacrifice."
Appointments.
Vice-President, Tear Fund.
October 2008, appointed Alliance Council Chair at the Evangelical Alliance.
Books and writing.
By Roger T Forster.
with V. Paul Marston
with Graham Kendrick, Gerald Coates and Lynn Green
with Faith Forster
articles, chapters and forewords
About Roger T Forster.
popular
academic

</doc>
<doc id="19667407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667407" title="Giacomo Francesco Cipper">
Giacomo Francesco Cipper

Giacomo Francesco Cipper, also known as Il Todeschini, (Feldkirch, 1664 - Milan, 1736) was a German painter in Milan from 1696 to 1736.
Biography.
Of German origin, he was active in Milan in the first half of the 18th century. Fertile painter of scenes of kind of formulation caravaggesca, his first attributed work is dated 1700; he operated in Lombardia and in Veneto (" Hunters and greengrocers ", Modena, Gallery Campori; " Farmers' family ", Venice, Galleries of the academy). Subsequently the artist, perhaps under the influence of the Cerruti (some of whose works were once attributed to Cipper), to the scrupulous surrender of the detail it replaced a less illustrative vision, more sensitive to the games of light.
His last known work is "Self-portrait" (1736, Hampton Court).

</doc>
<doc id="19667428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667428" title="Unity Party of America">
Unity Party of America

The Unity Party America is a centrist political party founded on November 4, 2004 which has a membership in 33 states (Alaska, Arizona, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maine, Maryland, Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri, Nebraska, New Mexico, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Virginia, Washington, and Wisconsin) listed on its website. The party has been recognized in the state of Colorado since July 2008 as a Qualified Political Organization, and became recognized as a direct result of the petition of Unity Party Congressional candidate Bill Hammons onto the 2008 General Election ballot with 899 valid signatures. As a QPO, the Unity Party was designated on the Colorado voter registration form as a voter affiliation option, and 179 voters had affiliated with the Unity Party as of October 22, 2008, an increase of 92% over the party's voter registration numbers just three weeks before. 407 Colorado voters had affiliated with the Unity Party as of June 1, 2011, before the party was removed from state voter registration form as a result of its failure to place a candidate on the general election ballot in the 2010 election cycle.
In June 2010, the Unity Party of Utah launched the first state Unity Party website, unityutah.com, and announced its intention to petition, as a party, onto Utah's 2012 ballot. On April 27, 2011, Jim Pirtle of Colorado Springs declared as the Unity Party's first and only candidate of the 2012 election cycle, for Colorado's 5th Congressional District. He received 22,738 votes, or 7.41%. However, he appeared on the ballot as a Libertarian.
Recent history.
Eric Bodenstab is described on the Unity Party website as having been the first Unity Party candidate, declaring in May 2007 for Boulder, Colorado City Council, even though that is a non-partisan election. The Unity Party fielded two Congressional candidates in the 2008 election cycle (Bill Hammons in Colorado's 2nd District (0.63%) and Terry Ronzio in Pennsylvania's 12th District (did not qualify for the ballot). Sherman Reickart declared for Brant, New York Town Council with the Unity Party, Bill Hammons declared for Colorado's 2nd District again on June 22, 2009, Energy Drilling Consultant Levi Hancock declared as the first Unity Party candidate for Colorado Governor in 2009, and Oilfield Drilling Engineer Mike Nelson has declared as a Unity Party candidate for Colorado's 4th Congressional District. Hammons and Nelson are both former residents of Odessa, Texas, even though both now live in Colorado. On July 15, 2010, Hammons announced his withdrawal from the 2nd CD race, citing challenges in obtaining the required number of petition signatures to appear on the ballot a second time. His fellow three Unity Party Colorado candidates had withdrawn as well.
On January 11, 2010, Navy veteran and Pueblo, Colorado resident Ray Roman declared as the Unity Party's first candidate for US Senate, running against incumbent Senator Michael Bennet. That same month, Hammons appeared on Denver 9 News' "Your Show" to make the case for changing Colorado election law and allowing the Unity Party's more recently affiliated candidates to petition onto the General Election ballot as Unity Party candidates, along with himself. On May 27, 2010, Colorado Governor Bill Ritter signed House Bill 10-1271, which will allow Colorado's unaffiliated candidates for public office (including, technically, Unity Party candidates) to run for office if their voter registration has not changed during the year of the election in question, beginning in 2012.
An April 9, 2010 "Colorado Statesman" article highlighted the fact that the Unity Party of Colorado had fielded twice as many candidates in 2010 as the Green Party of Colorado, and four times as many candidates as the Constitution Party of Colorado.
Platform.
The Unity Party supports a Balanced Budget Amendment, a shift of Federal taxes from income to carbon emissions, a full health care tax deduction for those "forced" to pay for their own health coverage, a "Tithe Pool" to guarantee entitlements on a year-by-year basis, term limits of two terms for US Senators and four terms for US Representatives, outlawing the drawing of legislative districts along partisan lines (i.e., gerrymandering), and appointing panels of retired judges to oversee the drawing of legislative districts. The party's motto is "Not right, not left, but forward."
United National Committee.
The United National Committee, the governing body of the Unity Party of America per the Unity Party Constitution adopted on April 17, 2010, was formed on the same day. As of January 2011, the UNC consists of seven members.
Origins.
The Unity Party began in an online discussion forum in November 2004 and grew out of the Unity Runners organization; as the Unity Party website puts it, "The Unity Party of America movement had its beginnings in the concept of running marathons to raise campaign contributions for political candidates." Unity Runners, in turn, had its origins in Runners for Clark, an antecedent organization which supported the Presidential candidacy of General Wesley Clark. Bill Hammons has been the party's national chairman since its inception.

</doc>
<doc id="19667444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667444" title="Corporate inversion">
Corporate inversion

When a corporation moves its headquarters to a low-tax nation or corporate haven while retaining its material operations in its higher-tax country of origin, this is termed to be a corporate inversion.
Corporate inversion is a form of tax avoidance.
Corporate inversions as a tax-reduction maneuver have become a public policy issue, as substantial tax revenues are lost.

</doc>
<doc id="19667496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667496" title="Pendragon (disambiguation)">
Pendragon (disambiguation)

Pendragon meaning 'head dragon' is used to refer to number of topics:
In fiction:
Pendragon may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19667544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667544" title="Functional medicine">
Functional medicine

Functional medicine is a form of Western alternative medicine. 
It is currently a popular modality for use by health care providers whose practice is largely within conventional medicine. 
Functional medicine focuses on interactions between the environment and the gastrointestinal, endocrine, and immune systems of patients. Practitioners attempt to develop individual treatment plans for each patient. 
Functional medicine typically seeks to provide chronic care management based on the assumption that "diet, nutrition, and exposure to environmental toxins play central roles in a predisposition to illness and "provoke symptoms, and modulate the activity of biochemical mediators through a complex and diverse set of mechanisms."
Functional medicine was developed and originated by Dr. Helmut W. Schimmel.
Systems biology approach.
Functional medicine reflects a systems biology approach which involves an analysis of how all components of the human biological system interact functionally with the environment over time. The Institute for Functional Medicine contrasts this approach with an organ system biology broken down into modern medical specialties.
Functional medicine, in agreement with modern medicine, holds that the entire "patient story" needs to be heard and understood in context in order to truly help the patient. Where functional medicine differs from mainstream medicine is its willingness to employ treatments and drugs which may not be well evidenced by clinical research, including 
orthomolecular medicine and detoxification of unevidenced toxins.
The Institute for Functional Medicine.
Jeffrey Bland, PhD, and Susan Bland founded the Institute for Functional Medicine (IFM) in 1993. IFM is a nonprofit educational organization that provides continuing medical education for health care providers. The Institute for Functional Medicine is accredited by the Accreditation Council for Continuing Medical Education and achieved its accreditation from the Accreditation Council for Continuing Medical Education on September 12, 2006 and was awarded the status of Accreditation with Commendation for six years as a provider of continuing medical education for physicians.
Criticism.
In 1991, the FTC charged that two corporations led by Jeffrey Bland, HealthComm and Nu-Day Enterprises, had falsely claimed that their diet program could cause weight loss by changing consumers' metabolism and cause them to lose weight without exercising so that fat would be lost as body heat instead of being stored. In 1995, the FTC charged Bland and his companies with violating the 1991 consent order by making further unsubstantiated weight-loss claims for several products, including the UltraClear dietary program, which had been falsely claimed to reduce the incidence and severity of symptoms associated with gastrointestinal problems, inflammatory and immunologic problems, fatigue, food allergies, mercury exposure, kidney disorders, and rheumatoid arthritis. The second settlement agreement included a $45,000 civil penalty.

</doc>
<doc id="19667562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667562" title="International Journal of Cancer">
International Journal of Cancer

The International Journal of Cancer is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering experimental and clinical cancer research. It publishes original research articles, mini reviews, short reports, and letters to the editor. The journal appears 24 times a year and was established in 1966. It is published by John Wiley & Sons on behalf of the Union for International Cancer Control.
Editor-in-Chief is Peter Lichter, Deutsches Krebsforschungszentrum, Heidelberg, Germany.
Indexed by ISI International Journal of Cancer received an impact factor of 6.198 as reported in the 2012 Journal Citation Reports by Thomson Reuters, ranking it 23rd out of 196 journals in the category "Oncology".

</doc>
<doc id="19667574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667574" title="Wallace Fernando Pereira">
Wallace Fernando Pereira

Wallace Fernando Pereira (born 29 October 1986 in Cerquilho) is a Brazilian footballer who last played for Belgian football club Gent.
Club career.
Fredrikstad.
After three seasons played at FC Sheriff Tiraspol, Wallace signed for Fredrikstad on 19 February 2008. He quickly adapted to his new surroundings, and his trademark free kick goals made him a crowd favourite.
Gent.
On 31 August 2010, Wallace signed a 3-year deal with Belgian club Gent.
On 1 December 2010, he netted the only goal in a 1:0 win against Levski Sofia in a UEFA Europa League game and helped preserve his team's chances of progression to the next stage of the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19667581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667581" title="Kes tahab saada miljonäriks?">
Kes tahab saada miljonäriks?

Kes tahab saada miljonäriks? (English translation: "Who wants to become a millionaire?") was an Estonian game show based on the original British format of "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?". The show was hosted by Hannes Võrno and ran for six seasons, from 2002 to 2008. The main goal of the game was to win 1 million Estonian krooni ($90,000, €66,000) by answering 15 multiple-choice questions correctly. There were 3 "lifelines" - "fifty fifty", "phone a friend" and "ask the audience". The game show was shown on the Estonian TV station TV3. When a contestant got the fifth question correct, they would leave with at least 1000kr. When a contestant got the tenth question correct, they would leave with at least 32 000kr.

</doc>
<doc id="19667603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667603" title="Brilliant cresyl blue">
Brilliant cresyl blue

Brilliant cresyl blue is an example of supravital stain used for counting reticulocyte. It has a chemical formula of ZnC34H40Cl4N6O2.

</doc>
<doc id="19667632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667632" title="Tateiwa Dam">
Tateiwa Dam

Tateiwa Dam is a dam in the Hiroshima Prefecture of Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="19667652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667652" title="Pascal Anicet">
Pascal Anicet

Pascal Anicet (born March 27, 1983 in Niger) is a Nigerian football midfielder who plays for AS-FNIS in the Niger Premier League and formerly for Alkali Nassara Zinder. He is a member of the Niger national football team, he was member with the team by Tournoi de l'UEMOA 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19667666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667666" title="Pogled ispod obrva">
Pogled ispod obrva

Pogled ispod obrva is the seventh album by Croatian singer Severina. It was released in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19667669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667669" title="Cuyania">
Cuyania

The Precordillera Terrane or Cuyania was an ancient microcontinent or terrane whose history affected many of the older rocks of Cuyo in Argentina. It was separated by oceanic crust from the Chilenia terrane which accreted into it at ~420-390 Ma when Cuyania was already amalgamated with Gondwana. The hypothesized Mejillonia Terrane in the coast of northern Chile is considered by some geologists to be a single block with Cuyania. 

</doc>
<doc id="19667678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667678" title="Mbuzini">
Mbuzini

Mbuzini is a village in the Mpumalanga province of South Africa. Situated near to the borders of Mozambique and Swaziland. This is where Mozambican president, Samora Machel, and 34 other passengers died in a fatal aeroplane crash in 1986. A memorial service is held every year on the 19th of October at the site of the crash, which features a monument to the event.

</doc>
<doc id="19667690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667690" title="Yamadagawa Dam">
Yamadagawa Dam

Yamadagawa Dam is a dam in the Hiroshima Prefecture of Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="19667704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667704" title="Rogers–Ramanujan continued fraction">
Rogers–Ramanujan continued fraction

The Rogers–Ramanujan continued fraction is a continued fraction discovered by and independently by Srinivasa Ramanujan, and closely related to the Rogers-Ramanujan identities. It can be evaluated explicitly for a broad class of values of its argument.
Definition.
Given the functions appearing in the Rogers-Ramanujan identities,
and
Modular functions.
If "q" = e2πiτ, then formula_5 and formula_6, as well as their quotient formula_7, are modular functions of τ. Since they have integral coefficients, the theory of complex multiplication implies that their values for τ an imaginary quadratic irrational are algebraic numbers that can be evaluated explicitly.
Examples.
where formula_10 is the golden ratio.
Relation to modular forms.
It can be related to the Dedekind eta function, a modular form of weight 1/2, as,
Relation to j-function.
Among the many formulas of the j-function, one is,
where,
Eliminating the eta quotient, one can then express "j"("τ") in terms of formula_15 as,
where the numerator and denominator are polynomial invariants of the icosahedron. Using the modular equation between "R"("q") and "R"("q"5), one finds that,
which in fact is the j-invariant of the elliptic curve,
parameterized by the non-cusp points of the modular curve formula_20.
Functional equation.
For convenience, one can also use the notation formula_21 when "q" = e2πiτ. While other modular functions like the j-invariant satisfies,
and the Dedekind eta function has,
the functional equation of the Rogers–Ramanujan continued fraction involves the golden ratio formula_10,
Incidentally,
Modular equations.
There are modular equations between formula_7 and formula_28. Elegant ones for small prime "n" are as follows.
Let "u" = "R"("q") and "v" = "R"("q"2), then formula_29
Let "u" = "R"("q") and "v" = "R"("q"3), then formula_30
Let "u" = "R"("q") and "v" = "R"("q"5), then formula_31
Let "u" = "R"("q") and "v" = "R"("q"11), then formula_32
Regarding "n" = 5, note that formula_33
Other results.
Ramanujan found many other interesting results regarding "R"("q"). Let formula_34, formula_35, and formula_10 as the golden ratio.
If formula_37, then formula_38
If formula_39, then formula_40
The powers of "R"("q") also can be expressed in unusual ways. For its cube,
For its fifth power, let formula_42, then,

</doc>
<doc id="19667710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667710" title="USS O'Reilly (DE-330)">
USS O'Reilly (DE-330)

USS O'Reilly (DE-330) was an Edsall-class destroyer escort built for the U.S. Navy during World War II. It served in the Atlantic Ocean and the Pacific Ocean and provided destroyer escort protection against submarine and air attack for Navy vessels and convoys.
It was named in honor of Edward Joseph O'Reilly who died in action in the Battle of Savo Island in the Eastern Solomons on 9 August 1942. It was laid down on 29 July 1943, by Consolidated Steel Corp., Orange, Texas; launched 14 November 1943; sponsored by Mrs. Bride O'Reilly, mother of Lieut. O'Reilly; and commissioned 28 December 1943, Lt. Comdr. William C. F. Robards in command.
World War II North Atlantic operations.
After fitting-out and sea trials in the Orange, Texas, and Galveston, Texas, "O'Reilly" left on 18 January 1944, for shakedown off Bermuda. This was followed by a ten-day availability in Charleston, South Carolina, before she sailed for Guantánamo Bay, Aruba, and Curaçao.
On 9 March "O'Reilly" picked up its first convoy, out of Curaçao, for Gibraltar and several North African ports, and arrived in Algiers on the 25th. It returned the following month, then made two more Mediterranean voyages from the West Indies and one from New York before undergoing repairs and upkeep at the New York Navy Yard in early September.
"O'Reilly" then switched convoy routes, and on 20 September began its first of five round trips across the North Atlantic to England. On 18 November, while heading to Plymouth, England, on the second of these, it attacked a submarine with unknown results. During its nine Atlantic crossings not one ship under iys protection was lost to submarine or air attack.
Transfer to the Pacific Fleet.
In April 1945, with the European War well on the way to its conclusion, "O'Reilly" was ordered to the Pacific. It left New York on 24 May, transited the Panama Canal 8 June, and proceeded to Pearl Harbor after a brief stop at San Diego, California. It conducted five weeks of local training in Hawaiian waters then, on 1 August, sailed for Leyte Gulf with stops at Eniwetok and other islands. At Leyte it spent several weeks in upkeep, then sailed on a good-will tour via Okinawa to Shanghai and Taiwan.
Damaged on a Reef.
While entering Buckner Bay, Okinawa, on 23 October, "O'Reilly" struck a reef with one of its propellers and threw a shaft out of alignment. it remained there until 2 December for repairs, then sailed for Los Angeles, California, arriving the 22nd.
Post-War inactivation and decommissioning.
On 16 January 1946, it departed for New York and there underwent pre-inactivation availability. It decommissioned 15 June 1946 and joined the Reserve Fleet at Green Cove Springs, Florida. During 1961 she shifted to Orange, Texas. She was struck from the Navy List on 15 January 1971 and sold for scrapping 10 April 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="19667727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667727" title="Yasaka Dam">
Yasaka Dam

Yasaka Dam is a dam in the Hiroshima Prefecture of Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="19667738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667738" title="Idrissa Laouali">
Idrissa Laouali

Idrissa Laouali (born September 11, 1979 in Niger) is a Nigerien football midfielder who plays for ASFA Yennenga in the Burkinabé Premier League. His nickname is Pele.
Career.
He previously played for Burkinabe club Rail Club du Kadiogo and AS-FNIS from Niger. He played with AS-FNIS on African Club Competitions 2003.
International career.
Idrissa is a member and captain of the Niger national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="19667744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667744" title="Shahzad Anwar">
Shahzad Anwar

Shahzad Anwar (born in Pakistan), was the caretaker coach of the Pakistan national football team. He took over the charge of national team in 2008 for the 4-1 friendly defeat against Malaysia. 
He was forced into the caretaker role again 2013 SAFF Championship, wining one game, losing one and drawing one as Pakistani exited the group stage. 
He has a AFC A-License.

</doc>
<doc id="19667745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667745" title="The Residences at Greenbelt – San Lorenzo Tower">
The Residences at Greenbelt – San Lorenzo Tower

The Residences at Greenbelt – San Lorenzo Tower is a residential condominium skyscraper in Makati City, Philippines. It is the second of three buildings being constructed as part of The Residences at Greenbelt (TRAG) complex, and is the highest of the three. It is the 11th-tallest building in the country and Metro Manila as well with a height of 204.5 metres from the ground to its architectural spire. 
The building has 57 floors above ground, which includes a 4-level podium with commercial establishments, and 3 basement levels for parking. It is considered to be one of the most prestigious residential building in the Philippines.
Location.
The Residences at Greenbelt complex is located along Antonio Arnaiz Avenue (formerly known as Pasay Road), and the entire complex block is bounded by Paseo de Roxas Avenue, Greenbelt Drive and Esperanza Street. The complex was formerly the site of the old Coronado Lanes bowling center and parking lot. Being inside the Makati Central Business District, it is strategically located near malls, hotels, offices, schools, and entertainment areas. As with its name, it is part of the Greenbelt Complex which includes the Greenbelt Mall. Just right across Greenbelt Drive is the Renaissance Makati City Hotel.
The Project Team.
The Residences at Greenbelt – San Lorenzo Tower was masterplanned and designed by Architecture International, in cooperation with local architectural firm GF & Partners Architects, which also made the Space Planning consultancy services. Structural design for the building was provided by Aromin & Sy + Associates, and reviewed by international engineering firm Skilling Ward Magnusson Berkshire.
The buildings mechanical engineering works was designed by R.J. Calpo & Partners; electrical engineering works design & security consultancy was provided by R.A. Mojica & Partners. Sanitary / plumbing engineering design and fire protection design was provided by NBF Consulting Engineers.
Other members of the design team are E.A. Aurelio + ADI Ltd. Inc. (Landscape design); ALT Cladding & Design Philippines (Exterior Cladding); C.T. Onglao Architects (San Lorenzo Tower Interior Design for common areas); and Master Charlie Chao (Feng Shui Consultant).
The construction team is composed of Jose Aliling & Associates (Project / Construction Management); Rider Hunt Liacor Inc. (Quantity Surveying); and Makati Development Corporation (General Constractor).
Property management is provided by Ayala Property Management Corporation. 
During the construction phase, it is also known as the "TRAG-2 Project".

</doc>
<doc id="19667756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667756" title="Renée Jeryd">
Renée Jeryd

Renée Jeryd (born 1965) is a Swedish social democratic politician. She has been a member of the Riksdag since 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19667760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667760" title="Canoeing at the 1988 Summer Olympics – Men's K-4 1000 metres">
Canoeing at the 1988 Summer Olympics – Men's K-4 1000 metres

The men's K-4 1000 metres event was a fours kayaking event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1988 Summer Olympics program.
Results.
Heats.
18 crews entered in three heats on September 27. The top three finishers from each of the heats advanced directly to the semifinals while the remaining nine teams were relegated to the repechages.
Repechages.
Nine teams competed in two repechages on September 27. The top three finishers from each of the repechages advanced directly to the semifinals.
Semifinals.
The top three finishers in each of the semifinals (raced on September 29) advanced to the final.
Norway's reason for not finishing was not disclosed in the official report.
Final.
The final was held on October 1. 
Hungary was seventh at the 500 meter mark before coming back to lead in the third 250 meter part of the race.

</doc>
<doc id="19667762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667762" title="Tko želi biti milijunaš?">
Tko želi biti milijunaš?

Tko želi biti milijunaš? (English translation: "Who wants to be a millionaire?", usually called "Milijunaš") was a Croatian game show based on the original British format of "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?". The show was hosted by Tarik Filipović. The main goal of the game was to win 1 million Croatian kunas by answering 15 multiple-choice questions correctly. There were 3 "lifelines", which are ways for a player to get help during the game. These were "fifty fifty" ("pola pola"), "phone a friend" ("zovi") and "ask the audience" ("pitaj publiku"). The game show was broadcast from 2002 to 2008 and from September 2009 to June 2010. It was shown on the Croatian TV station HRT1. When a contestant got the fifth question correct, he left with at least 1,000 kuna. When a contestant got the tenth question correct, he left with at least 32,000 kuna.

</doc>
<doc id="19667763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667763" title="Japanese repair ship Akashi">
Japanese repair ship Akashi

Akashi was a Japanese repair ship, serving during World War II. She was the only specifically designed repair ship operated by the Imperial Japanese Navy. The navy based her design on the US Navy's USS "Medusa".
Construction.
In 1937 the Imperial Japanese Navy converted the old battleship "Asahi" to serve as a repair ship. It was later decided to build a dedicated ship with better capabilities for that task. The Imperial Japanese Navy planned for her to carry out 40% of the repairs needed by the Combined Fleet (needing approximately 140,000 man-hours). Therefore she was equipped with the latest machine tools imported from Germany.
War service.
During the war "Akashi" operated out of the Japanese base in the Truk atoll where she repaired various types of battle-damaged Japanese warships, including the "Shōkaku" in October 1942 and the "Yamato" in December 1943. In February 1944 the Americans made a raid on Truk (Operation Hailstone), sinking and damaging many ships. "Akashi" was damaged in these attacks and escaped to the Japanese atoll of Palau.
Fate.
On 30 March 1944, while anchored off Urukthapel in the Palau islands, "Akashi" was hit numerous times by bombs and rockets from American aircraft from Task Group 58, during Operation Desecrate One. She was sunk in shallow water with her bridge still remaining above the water.

</doc>
<doc id="19667783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667783" title="Djevojka sa sela">
Djevojka sa sela

Djevojka sa sela is the second album by Croatian singer Severina. It was released in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="19667793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667793" title="Irie Maffia">
Irie Maffia

Irie Maffia is a Hungarian pop band formed in 2005. Their music is based on reggae and dancehall, which they blend with hip hop, funk and rock. The band also has a sound system formation (Irie Maffia Soundsystem), where András Kéri (aka MC Columbo) sings ragga lyrics on the reggae/dancehall riddims played by band leader Márton Élő (aka Dermot) and Gáspár Horváth (aka Jumo Daddy)from vinyl records.
History and present.
Their first recording in 2006 made use of a dancehall riddim, the Rodeo riddim (formerly made popular by the mighty Seeed), which was released by Germaica Records, Europe’s leading reggae/dancehall record company.
The full house release party of the Mafia’s first LP, Fel a kezekkel! (Hands In The Air), took place on A38, a party boat in Budapest, in December, 2007.
To make the most of the success, the Maffia went on tour to several European destinations, amongst which was the Italian Rototom Sunsplash in 2007, probably the greatest reggae competition of the continent. They came in second.
Irie Maffia's first video clip, shot for their most popular song, "Hands In The Air", came out by the spring of 2008.
In autumn 2008 the Irie Maffia is one of the 5 nominees for MTV European Music Awards Local Hero, the voting is now on.
Until February 2013, the band's sound system formation held weekly club nights in Corvintető, offering reggae music to the Tuesday night audience of the venue.
Having fulfilled the requirements of Dutch/foreign trustees, the Maffia took part in Amsterdam's My City Budapest Festival, an event featuring the most important Hungarian bands. They were also asked to participate in a festival in Rovereto, Italy, celebrating the 90th anniversary of the end of World War I, to which each European country's national radio station contributed one band.

</doc>
<doc id="19667799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667799" title="Natanya Singh">
Natanya Singh

Natanya Singh is an Indian actress, who has acted in Indian films in Hindi and Kannada languages.

</doc>
<doc id="19667819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667819" title="Fat Tong Chau">
Fat Tong Chau

Fat Tong Chau (佛堂洲, Junk Island) is a former island of Hong Kong. It is now part of Tseung Kwan O (also called Junk Bay) and Clear Water Bay Peninsula, Sai Kung as a result of land reclamation. It is located in the southeastern part of Junk Bay.
Location.
Fat Tong Chau is located south of the Tseung Kwan O Industrial Estate and directly west of TVB City. The South East New Territories Landfill (SENT) is located south of Fat Tong Chau. Before land reclamation, Fat Tong Chau formed the northern boundary of Tathong Channel.
Chinese Customs Station.
The site of Chinese Customs Station, a declared monument of Hong Kong, is located in the northwestern part of Fat Tong Chau. Archaeological finds from the site are being exhibited at Hong Kong Museum of History, including the "Foster benevolence over Indo-China; tributes and taxes circulate from afar" stone tablet.

</doc>
<doc id="19667824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667824" title="Åsa Lindestam">
Åsa Lindestam

Åsa Lindestam (born 1956) is a Swedish social democratic politician. She has been a member of the Riksdag since 2002. She is a member of the Committee on Defence and a Swedish member of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="19667861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667861" title="Trava zelena">
Trava zelena

Trava zelena is the third album by Croatian singer Severina. It was released in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="19667866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667866" title="5th century in Ireland">
5th century in Ireland


</doc>
<doc id="19667889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667889" title="Abdoul Aziz Hamza">
Abdoul Aziz Hamza

Hamza Hamadou Abdoul Aziz Konkissere (born June 5, 1982 in Niger) is a Nigerien footballer, who currently plays for JS du Ténéré.
Career.
The defender has played professional for BEC Tero Sasana FC in the Thailand Premier League.
International career.
He is a member of the Niger national football team and made his debut on 31 May 2008 in Kampala against Uganda national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="19667898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667898" title="Lupescu">
Lupescu

Lupescu is a surname of Romanian origin, derived from the Romanian word "lup" ("wolf"), from Latin "lupus" ("wolf"). Its Italian equivalent is "Lupo", its French equivalent is "Loup", its Spanish equivalent is "López", and its Portuguese equivalent is "Lopes".
The name may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19667910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667910" title="Eleanor (disambiguation)">
Eleanor (disambiguation)

Eleanor is a female given name.
Eleanor, Elinor, Elenore or variations thereof may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19667914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667914" title="Düzcespor">
Düzcespor

Düzcespor is a Turkish football club located in BOLU (Düzce), Turkey. They play their home games at 18 Temmuz Stadı in Düzce . Affiliated Club Boluspor
League Participations.
TFF First League: 1968-1970, 1977–1989, 1994–1998, 1999–2001
TFF Second League: 1967-1968, 1970–1977, 1989–1994, 1998–1999
TFF Third League: 2001-2003, 2008–2010
Turkish Regional Amateur League: 2003-2008, 2010- 
Bolu Super Cup 2007-2008 Boluspor 1 - 8 Duzcespor Man of the Match H.T.Icingirson
Bolu Super Cup 2008-2009 Düzcespor 8 - 1 Duzcespor Man of the Match Kerim K.Kaya

</doc>
<doc id="19667921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667921" title="Mona Weissmark">
Mona Weissmark

Mona Sue Weissmark is an American clinical and social psychologist, whose work on the inter-generational impact of injustice has received international recognition. She is best known for her groundbreaking social experiment of bringing children of Holocaust survivors face-to-face with children of Nazis, and later, grandchildren and great-grandchildren of African American slaves with slave owners. She is also a professor of Psychology at Northwestern University and author of numerous journal articles and two books: "Doing Psychotherapy Effectively" (1998) and "Justice Matters" (2004).
Biography.
Career.
Weissmark received a bachelor’s degree at McGill University in 1977 and a doctorate degree at the University of Pennsylvania in 1986. She went on to pursue a postdoctoral fellowship in the department of Psychology at Harvard University from 1987 until 1990, and in 1991 became a lecturer at Harvard Medical School, teaching graduate courses on research methods. In 1994, she moved to Chicago and joined the faculty at Roosevelt University as a tenured associate professor of Psychology (1994–2005) and also joined the department of Psychology at Northwestern University as a visiting scholar (1994–2003). In 2004, Weissmark was named visiting associate professor of Psychology at Northwestern University and director of the Global Mental Health Studies Program part of The Buffett Center for International and Comparative Studies, where she now teaches “"Psychology of Diversity"” and conducts research on the psychology of justice. She also is a visiting professor of Psychology at Harvard University where she also teaches “"Psychology of Diversity".”
Personal.
Weissmark was born in Vineland, New Jersey. She lives in Evanston, Illinois with her husband, Daniel Giacomo, a Northwestern University psychiatrist. They have an eleven-year-old daughter.
Main Work.
Clinical Psychology.
Weissmark’s initial research in graduate school was in clinical psychology, where she explored the links between theory and practice and outlined a theory of how therapists think in action.
Psychotherapy.
During her postdoctoral fellowship at Harvard, Weissmark became interested in studying the empirical predictors of psychotherapy effectiveness. Subsequently, she headed the Harvard Psychotherapy Research Project and published Doing Psychotherapy Effectively (1998). The book presents a summary of her empirical research on how therapy works and provides a tool for measuring therapeutic effectiveness and understanding human transformation.
Psychology of Justice.
A groundbreaking social experiment.
At Harvard, Weissmark also developed a deep-seated interest in the psychology of justice, which eventually dominated her research activities. Over the past 15 years, her work has focussed on the relational impact of injustice. Both her parents were Holocaust survivors and apart from them, her entire family was killed by the Nazis. That legacy has indelibly marked her own life experience and professional choices. 
Weissmark hypothesized that, while legal systems offer some forms of redress to the victims of injustice, they rarely address the emotional pain. Left unresolved, the pain and sense of injustice are then passed along to the next generation, leading to entrenched group tension and conflict. She also speculated that children of victims and children of perpetrators have a lot in common.
To test these hypotheses, Weissmark pioneered a unique social experiment. In 1992 at Harvard University, she brought together children of Holocaust survivors and children of Nazis. The following year, she replicated the meeting in Germany. Then in 1995, in Chicago, she brought descendants of African American slaves face-to-face with descendants of slave owners. 
The purpose of bringing two such disparate sides together was “not to forget or forgive the past, but create a new future,” Weissmark said. The findings from the meetings showed that the cycle of hatred could be transformed if both parties were willing to put aside the notion they were the most aggrieved and were prepared to see the other side.
Media coverage.
The meetings received extensive national and international media attention, with articles in the "Chicago Tribune", "The New York Times", "Psychology Today", "Ms.", "The Jerusalem Report", "She" magazine, "The Guardian" and "Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung", among other publications. They were also featured on television programs, including National Public Radio’s "All Things Considered", the BBC, the "CBS News Sunday Morning", and "Dateline NBC".
Justice Matters.
In 2004, Weissmark wrote "Justice Matters: Legacies of the Holocaust and World War II". The book’s findings provide a new framework for understanding the psychology of injustice, which could be applied to many conflicts stemming from centuries-old disputes, such as those in Israel, Northern Ireland, Bosnia, Rwanda or Sri Lanka.
In 2006 "Justice Matters" was made into a documentary television film, aired on national German television WDR. The film, "Seeing the Other Side – 60 years after Buchenwald", also has been distributed to schools and churches across the country.
Institute for Social Justice Studies.
Weissmark wanted her research to have relevance outside the realm of academia and be available to the general public. In 1999, thanks to a generous gift, she created the Institute for Social Justice Studies in Chicago and remained director until 2004. The Institute sponsored social science research on social justice, diversity, discrimination, among other issues, and organized guest lectures, seminars and conferences open to both specialists and the general public.

</doc>
<doc id="19667926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667926" title="W. Douglas Simpson">
W. Douglas Simpson

William Douglas Simpson CBE (2 August 1896 - 9 October 1968) was a Scottish architecture and archaeology academic and writer.
Born in Aberdeen, he was appointed Assistant in History at the University of Aberdeen, before becoming Lecturer in British History. He later held the honorary positions of Rhind Lecturer in Archaeology (1941) and Dalrymple Lecturer in Archaeology (1950) at the University of Glasgow. 
Simpson was appointed librarian at Aberdeen University in 1926, a post he held for forty years. 
Although not a trained archaeologist, he directed excavations at Kildrummy Castle, Coull Castle, Kindrochit Castle, Doune of Invernochty, Esslemont Castle, Dundarg Castle and Finavon Castle. Although his archaeological findings have been superseded, his detailed studies of buildings and structures remain key documents.
He wrote numerous books and articles based on this and other research, through which he became well known as an authority on the castellated architecture of Scotland and Scandinavia. He held several appointments in relation to this work, including chairman of the Ancient Monuments Board for Scotland and membership of the Royal Commission on the Ancient and Historical Monuments of Scotland. He was a member of the Scottish National Portrait Gallery Advisory Board and Scottish Records Advisory Council.
W. Douglas Simpson was the author of a wide range of publications on architectural matters, from academic papers to general guides aimed at the tourist. Several of his guidebooks remain in print by Historic Scotland. His lectures and talks were hugely successful and well attended not just by students but a more general audience.
He was appointed OBE in 1954 and CBE in 1962.
He was a Commissioner at the RCAHMS

</doc>
<doc id="19667960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667960" title="Dalmatinka">
Dalmatinka

Dalmatinka is the second album by Croatian singer Severina. It was released in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="19667962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667962" title="Jennie Nilsson">
Jennie Nilsson

Jennie Nilsson (born 1972) is a Swedish social democratic politician. She has been a member of the Riksdag since 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19667964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667964" title="Howard M. Reynolds">
Howard M. Reynolds

Howard Montalbert Reynolds, Sr. (June 17, 1885 - October 21, 1943) was an American architect practicing in Orlando, Florida in the 1920s. He designed gracefully proportioned, notable public buildings in the prevailing fashionable styles of the 1920s, including Mediterranean Revival, Colonial Revival, Spanish Colonial, Egyptian Revival, Art Deco and Art Moderne. 
Among Reynolds' best known works are a number of educational buildings still in use as schools or community centers in Central Florida. Many of Reynolds' suave, stylish buildings have been designated as Orlando Historic Landmarks.
Reynolds' was among a small but active group of ten architectural firms listed in the Orlando phone directory in 1926, the others including: Frank L. Bodine, Fred E. Field, David Hyer, Murry S. King, George E. Krug, Ryan and Roberts (Ida Annah Ryan and Isabel Roberts) and Percy P. Turner. This group of architects felt it important to create a distinctive regional architecture, an effort which they described in the Florida journal "The Florida Circle" in 1924 as follows:
""Just as architects of old created styles to harmonize with their environment, so have the architects of Florida been creating, from native motifs, a style that is carefully adapted to the climatic conditions and surroundings of the state. This style has an individuality all its own and should have a fitting name to express its origins . . . The Florida Association of Architects will give a prize of $25.00 for the name selected." " 
On February 21, 1916, Reynolds married Doris Crandall who was born on January 25, 1896 (died 1978). They were the parents of three children: Marie (Mrs. Harry H. Fetters), Howard M. Jr. (1922-1990) (married Darlene Lentz) and Robert (married Mary Elizabeth Saine). Both Howard and Doris Reynolds are buried in Edgewood-Greenwood Cemetery, Apopka, FL.

</doc>
<doc id="19667975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667975" title="2004 AFC Futsal Championship">
2004 AFC Futsal Championship

The 2004 AFC Futsal Championship was held in Macau, China from 16 April to 25 April 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19667988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667988" title="Shipley College">
Shipley College

Shipley College is a General Further Education college in West Yorkshire, England, The college is a small, friendly place mainly based in the village of Saltaire. Other Sites are used for Lifestyle and Adult Learning and include local schools and Community Centres. The buildings in Saltaire go under the names of Salt Building, Mill building, Victoria Building and Exhibition Building. All buildings are within walking distance of each other. The Victoria building is only partly owned by the college. The reception, Student Services and the Enrolment office are based in the Salt Building. 
Courses offered.
There are a wide range of courses offered at Shipley College, including BTEC's as full time courses, Apprenticeships, part-time courses and Services to Business.

</doc>
<doc id="19667998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19667998" title="In the Summertime">
In the Summertime

In the Summertime may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19668009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668009" title="Polymer field theory">
Polymer field theory

A polymer field theory is a statistical field theory describing the statistical behavior of a neutral or charged polymer system. It can be derived by transforming the partition function from its standard many-dimensional integral representation over the particle degrees of freedom in a functional integral representation over an auxiliary field function, using either the Hubbard-Stratonovich transformation or the delta-functional transformation. Computer simulations based on polymer field theories have been shown to deliver useful results, for example to calculate the structures and properties of polymer solutions (Baeurle 2007, Schmid 1998), polymer melts (Schmid 1998, Matsen 2002, Fredrickson 2002) and thermoplastics (Baeurle 2006).
Canonical ensemble.
Particle representation of the canonical partition function.
The standard continuum model of flexible polymers, introduced by Edwards (Edwards 1965), treats a solution composed of formula_1 linear monodisperse homopolymers as a system of coarse-grained polymers, in which the statistical mechanics of the chains is described by the continuous Gaussian thread model (Baeurle 2007) and the solvent is taken into account implicitly. The Gaussian thread model can be considered as the continuum limit of the discrete Gaussian chain model, in which the polymers are described as continuous, linearly elastic filaments. The canonical partition function of such a system, kept at an inverse temperature formula_2 and confined in a volume formula_3, can be expressed as
where formula_5 is the potential of mean force given by,
representing the solvent-mediated non-bonded interactions among the segments, while formula_7 represents the harmonic binding energy of the chains. The latter energy contribution can be formulated as
where formula_9 is the statistical segment length and formula_10 the polymerization index.
Field-theoretic transformation.
To derive the basic field-theoretic representation of the canonical partition function, one introduces in the following the segment density operator of the polymer system
Using this definition, one can rewrite Eq. (2) as
Next, one converts the model into a field theory by making use of the Hubbard-Stratonovich transformation or delta-functional transformation
where formula_14 is a functional and
formula_15 is the delta 
functional given by
with formula_17 representing the 
auxiliary field function. Here we note that, expanding the field function in a Fourier series, implies that periodic boundary conditions are applied in all directions and that the formula_18-vectors designate the reciprocal lattice vectors of the supercell.
Basic field-theoretic representation of canonical partition function.
Using the Eqs. (3), (4) and (5), we can recast the canonical partition function in Eq. (1) in field-theoretic representation, which leads to
where
can be interpreted as the partition function for an ideal gas of non-interacting polymers and
is the path integral of a free polymer in a zero field with elastic energy
In the latter equation the unperturbed radius of gyration of a chain formula_23. Moreover, in Eq. (6) the partition function of a single polymer, subjected to the field formula_24, is given by
Grand canonical ensemble.
Basic field-theoretic representation of grand canonical partition function.
To derive the grand canonical partition function, we use its standard thermodynamic relation to the canonical partition function, given by
where formula_27 is the chemical potential and formula_28 is given by Eq. (6). Performing the sum, this provides the field-theoretic representation of the grand canonical partition function,
where
is the grand canonical action with formula_31 defined by
Eq. (8) and the constant
Moreover, the parameter related to the chemical potential is given by
where formula_34 is provided by Eq. (7).
Mean field approximation.
A standard approximation strategy for polymer field theories is the mean field (MF) approximation, which consists in replacing the many-body interaction term in the action by a term where all bodies of the system interact with an average effective field. This approach reduces any multi-body problem into an effective one-body problem by assuming that the partition function integral of the model is dominated by a single field configuration. A major benefit of solving problems with the MF approximation, or its numerical implementation commonly referred to as the self-consistent field theory (SCFT), is that it often provides some useful insights into the properties and behavior of complex many-body systems at relatively low computational cost. Successful applications of this approximation strategy can be found for various systems of polymers and complex fluids, like e.g. strongly segregated block copolymers of high molecular weight, highly concentrated neutral polymer solutions or highly concentrated block polyelectrolyte (PE) solutions (Schmid 1998, Matsen 2002, Fredrickson 2002). There are, however, a multitude of cases for which SCFT provides inaccurate or even qualitatively incorrect results (Baeurle 2006a). These comprise neutral polymer or polyelectrolyte solutions in dilute and semidilute concentration regimes, block copolymers near their order-disorder transition, polymer blends near their phase transitions, etc. In such situations the partition function integral defining the field-theoretic model is not entirely dominated by a single MF configuration and field configurations far from it can make important contributions, which require the use of more sophisticated calculation techniques beyond the MF level of approximation.
Higher-order corrections.
One possibility to face the problem is to calculate higher-order corrections to the MF approximation. Tsonchev et al. developed such a strategy including leading (one-loop) order fluctuation corrections, which allowed to gain new insights into the physics of 
confined PE solutions (Tsonchev 1999). However, in situations where the MF approximation is bad many computationally demanding higher-order corrections to the integral are necessary to get the desired accuracy.
Renormalization techniques.
An alternative theoretical tool to cope with strong fluctuations problems occurring in field theories has been provided in the late 1940s by the concept of renormalization, which has originally been devised to calculate functional integrals arising in quantum field theories (QFT's). In QFT's a standard approximation strategy is to expand the functional integrals in a power series in the coupling constant using perturbation theory. Unfortunately, generally most of the expansion terms turn out to be infinite, rendering such calculations impracticable (Shirkov 2001). A way to remove the infinities from QFT's is to make use of the concept of renormalization (Baeurle 2007). It mainly consists in replacing the bare values of the coupling parameters, like e.g. electric charges or masses, by renormalized coupling parameters and requiring that the physical quantities do not change under this transformation, thereby leading to finite terms in the perturbation expansion. A simple physical picture of the procedure of renormalization can be drawn from the example of a classical electrical charge, formula_35, inserted into a polarizable medium, such as in an electrolyte solution. At a distance formula_36 from the charge due to polarization of the medium, its Coulomb field will effectively depend on a function formula_37, i.e. the effective (renormalized) charge, instead of the bare electrical charge, formula_35. At the beginning of the 1970s, K.G. Wilson further pioneered the power of renormalization concepts by developing the formalism of renormalization group (RG) theory, to investigate critical phenomena of statistical systems (Wilson 1971).
Renormalization group theory.
The RG theory makes use of a series of RG transformations, each of which consists of a coarse-graining step followed by a change of scale (Wilson 1974). In case of statistical-mechanical problems the steps are implemented by successively eliminating and rescaling the degrees of freedom in the partition sum or integral that defines the model under consideration. De Gennes used this strategy to establish an analogy between the behavior of the zero-component classical vector model of ferromagnetism near the phase transition and a self-avoiding random walk of a polymer chain of infinite length on a lattice, to calculate the polymer excluded volume exponents (de Gennes 1972). Adapting this concept to field-theoretic functional integrals, implies to study in a systematic way how a field theory model changes while eliminating and rescaling a certain number of degrees of freedom from the partition function integral (Wilson 1974).
Hartree renormalization.
An alternative approach is known as the "Hartree approximation" or "self-consistent one-loop approximation" (Amit 1984). It takes advantage of Gaussian fluctuation corrections to the formula_39-order MF contribution, to renormalize the model parameters and extract in a self-consistent way the dominant length scale of the concentration fluctuations in critical concentration regimes.
Tadpole renormalization.
In a more recent work Efimov and Nogovitsin showed that an alternative renormalization technique originating from QFT, based on the concept of "tadpole renormalization", can be a very effective approach for computing functional integrals arising in statistical mechanics of classical many-particle systems (Efimov 1996). They demonstrated that the main contributions to classical partition function integrals are provided by low-order tadpole-type Feynman diagrams, which account for divergent contributions due to particle self-interaction. The renormalization procedure performed in this approach effects on the self-interaction contribution of a charge (like e.g. an electron or an ion), resulting from the static polarization induced in the vacuum due to the presence of that charge (Baeurle 2007). As evidenced by Efimov and Ganbold in an earlier work (Efimov 1991), the procedure of tadpole renormalization can be employed very effectively to remove the divergences from the action of the basic field-theoretic representation of the partition function and leads to an alternative functional integral representation, called the Gaussian equivalent representation (GER). They showed that the procedure provides functional integrals with significantly ameliorated convergence properties for analytical perturbation calculations. In subsequent works Baeurle et al. developed effective low-cost approximation methods based on the tadpole renormalization procedure, which have shown to deliver useful results for prototypical polymer and PE solutions (Baeurle 2006a, Baeurle 2006b, Baeurle 2007a).
Numerical simulation.
Another possibility is to use Monte Carlo (MC) algorithms and to sample the full partition function integral in field-theoretic formulation. The resulting procedure is then called a polymer field-theoretic simulation. In a recent work, however, Baeurle demonstrated that MC sampling in conjunction with the basic field-theoretic representation is impracticable due to the so-called numerical sign problem (Baeurle 2002). The difficulty is related to the complex and oscillatory nature of the resulting distribution function, which causes a bad statistical convergence of the ensemble averages of the desired thermodynamic and structural quantities. In such cases special analytical and numerical techniques are necessary to accelerate the statistical convergence (Baeurle 2003, Baeurle 2003a, Baeurle 2004).
Mean field representation.
To make the methodology amenable for computation, Baeurle proposed to shift the contour of integration of the partition function integral through thehomogeneous MF solution using Cauchy's integral theorem, providing its so-called "mean-field representation". This strategy was previously successfully employed by Baer et al. in field-theoretic electronic structure calculations (Baer 1998). Baeurle could demonstrate that this technique provides a significant acceleration of the statistical convergence of the ensemble averages in the MC sampling procedure (Baeurle 2002, Baeurle 2002a).
Gaussian equivalent representation.
In subsequent works Baeurle et al. (Baeurle 2002, Baeurle 2002a, Baeurle 2003, Baeurle 2003a, Baeurle 2004) applied the concept of tadpole renormalization, leading to the "Gaussian equivalent representation"of the partition function integral, in conjunction with advanced MC techniques in the grand canonical ensemble. They could convincingly demonstrate that this strategy provides a further 
boost in the statistical convergence of the desired ensemble averages (Baeurle 2002).

</doc>
<doc id="19668010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668010" title="Litteratura Serpentium">
Litteratura Serpentium

Litteratura Serpentium is a herpetological magazine magazine published by the European Snake Society in Dutch since 1980 (;), and in English since 1983.()
It was published bi-monthly, however it has since become quarterly.

</doc>
<doc id="19668018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668018" title="Moja stvar">
Moja stvar

Moja stvar is the Fourth album by Croatian singer Severina. It was released in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="19668044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668044" title="Pia Nilsson (politician)">
Pia Nilsson (politician)

Pia Nilsson (born 1962) is a Swedish social democratic politician. She has been a member of the Riksdag since 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19668066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668066" title="Jimmy Bulus">
Jimmy Bulus

Jimmy Bulus (born October 22, 1986 in Kaduna, Nigeria) is a Nigerien football player who plays for NA Hussein Dey and the Niger national football team.
Career.
Jimmy Bulus played for JS du Ténéré in Niger and for ASFA Yennenga in the Burkinabé Premier League. He currently plays for NA Hussein Dey in Algeria. 
International career.
He is a member of Niger national football team, for which he plays from 2003. He played on 2012 African Nations Cup, mostly on right back position. 

</doc>
<doc id="19668076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668076" title="Shadow of the Stone">
Shadow of the Stone

Shadow of the Stone was a 1987 UK children's TV drama series, starring Shirley Henderson. Written by Catherine Lucy Czerkawska, it dramatises a spiritual connection between a modern teenager and a 17th-century girl named Mary Lamont who was put on trial for alleged witchcraft. Scenes were filmed in and around Gourock, Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="19668092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668092" title="OCC Transport">
OCC Transport

Off Campus College Transport, Inc., or OCCT, is Binghamton University's student driven, managed, and operated bus service. The mission of OCCT today is "to provide safe, reliable, convenient, consistent, and courteous transportation to the Binghamton University community." Service is provided at no additional cost to all students, although service is paid for through fees collected with tuition. OCCT provides fee-based charter service to university organizations.
History.
OCCT from its founding was run as a fully democratic, student-owned and operated cooperative until 1995. That summer, a lock-out followed when the student cooperative voted to shut down during the summer until the university administration backed off of its attempts to install a new coordinator. The organization is currently run by a service manager who is elected by the OCCT Board of Directors. The Board of Directors consists of both voting and non-members from the Student Association at Binghamton University and the Binghamton University administration. Funding for service is provided by the student transportation fee, which is collected with tuition, by the Student Association and by the Graduate Student Organization.

</doc>
<doc id="19668103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668103" title="Charles Lacheroy">
Charles Lacheroy

Charles Lacheroy (22 August 1906 – 25 January 2005) was a French Army officer, theorist of Counter-insurgency warfare, and member of the Organisation de l'armée secrète.
Biography.
Lacheroy was born to a military family. His father was a decorated infantry second lieutenant (Legion of Honour and Croix de guerre), killed on 2 August 1916 at Fleury, next to Douaumont fort. Lacheroy was raised by his grandfather, attended the Prytanée National Militaire, and graduated from Saint-Cyr in 1927 among the 20 best students of the promotion (promotion "Maroc-Syrie").
Lacheroy chose the Colonial infantry and obtained a commission as second lieutenant in the 3rd Méhariste company in Levant at Latakia, where he remained until 1935. Promoted to captain, Lacheroy served as instructor for the air group in Rabat from 1936. There, he met Antoine Argoud. Lacheroy married in 1937. From 1941, Lacheroy served in the staff of General de Lattre de Tassigny in Tunisia.
In 1951, he was sent to French Indochina, where he was tasked to protect a railroad to Saigon and secure the sector of Bien Hoa. Promoted to Lieutenant Colonel, Lacheroy was transferred to Paris and made director of the Centre d'études asiatiques et africaines (CEAA). There, he developed a theory of Counter-insurgency warfare, by then known as "psychological action". In 1954, he served as adviser to Defence minister Maurice Bourgès-Maunoury, and Defence minister André Morice in 1956.
In 1958, Lacheroy was dismissed by Jacques Chaban-Delmas and sent to the Constantine Province. On 13 May, he was made director of information and psychological action servics in Algiers. In December, he gave conferences at the École supérieure de guerre, and later made director of the École supérieure des officiers de réserve spécialistes d'état-major.
In the early 1960s, Lacheroy resigned his commission to organise a coup d'état against President Charles de Gaulle. For seven years, he lived underground, along with Antoine Argoud, Pierre Lagaillarde and Jo Ortiz, and directed the OAS. He was sentenced to death "on abstancia" in April 1961. Lacheroy was amnestied in 1968. He returned to Paris, where he retired. Charles Lacheroy died on 25 January 2005 in Aix-en-Provence.

</doc>
<doc id="19668134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668134" title="Bismarck brown R">
Bismarck brown R

Bismarck brown R is a compound with formula 
CH5C6H3Cl2(CH3C6H2(NH2)2N2)2. It is a dye.

</doc>
<doc id="19668137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668137" title="George Kissell">
George Kissell

George Marshall Kissell (September 9, 1920 – October 7, 2008) was an American baseball minor league player, manager, coach, scout, and instructor, as well as a Major League coach, for the St. Louis Cardinals organization. Born in Watertown, New York, he attended Ithaca College, where he earned both bachelor's and master's degrees in history and physical education. As a player he stood 5'8" (173 cm) tall and weighed 175 pounds (79 kg). He threw and batted right-handed.
Almost 70 years with Cardinals.
Kissell was signed as an infielder in 1940 by Branch Rickey, and spent 69 years with the Cardinals organization. He was primarily a third baseman, although he also played shortstop, and never rose above the Class B level as a player. By 1946, after three seasons in the military during World War II, he had become a playing manager for the Lawrence Millionaires of the Class B New England League. His most successful season as a manager came in 1950 with the Class B Winston-Salem Cardinals, who won 106 of 153 regular-season games and the Carolina League playoff championship.
Kissell managed in the Cardinal farm system through 1957, scouted for them from 1958–1962, then returned to the field as a minor league manager from 1963–1967. In 1968, he spent his first season as a roving instructor in the Cardinal system, where his efforts led to the nickname of "the Professor," and his influence is generally regarded as being a major basis for what came to be known as the "Cardinal Way". He mentored a number of major league managers, including Sparky Anderson, Joe Torre, and Tony LaRussa.
Honored for dedication to baseball.
Kissell received numerous honors for his work in baseball, including induction into the Missouri Sports Hall of Fame in 2003. In recognition for his years of service to the game, Kissell received the King of Baseball award in 1993 from minor league baseball. In addition, the Cardinals' spring training clubhouse in Jupiter, Florida was named after him during spring training in 2005. The Cardinals organization annually honors a minor league coach with the George Kissell award.
In the middle of his long career as a minor league manager and farm system official, Kissell spent seven seasons with the Major League Cardinals (1969–1975) as a third-base coach on the staff of skipper Red Schoendienst. In his final decades with St. Louis, he served as field coordinator of system-wide instruction, then senior field coordinator. Said former Cardinal manager Whitey Herzog in 2005, “He is one of those baseball lifers that loves to talk baseball ... George Kissell is the only man I know who can talk for 15 minutes about a ground ball.”
At the age of 88, Kissell died one day after sustaining injuries in a car accident in Pinellas Park, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="19668141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668141" title="Russian financial crisis">
Russian financial crisis

Russian financial crisis can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19668159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668159" title="Thomas Fowler (academic)">
Thomas Fowler (academic)

Thomas Fowler (1 September 1832 – 20 November 1904), was an English academic and academic administrator, acting as President of Corpus Christi College, Oxford, and Vice-Chancellor of the University of Oxford.
Early life.
Fowler was born 1832 in Burton upon Stather, Lincolnshire, son of William Henry Fowler and his wife, Mary Anne Welch. He was educated at King William's College on the Isle of Man, and obtained a Postmastership (undergraduate) at Merton College, Oxford. In 1852, he took a second class in Classical moderations and a first class in mathematics, but he bettered that position in the final schools by taking a first class in classics followed by a first in mathematics in 1854.
Academic career.
In 1855, Fowler was elected to a Fellowship in Lincoln College, Oxford and was forthwith appointed tutor. In 1858, he obtained the Denyer Theological Prize for an essay on "The Doctrine of Predestination according to the Church of England"; he was appointed a Select Preacher in 1872–74, but moved away from theology. In 1862, he held the office of Junior Proctor, and in 1873 he was selected Professor of Logic, and held that chair until 1889. He officiated as a public examiner in the classical school on many occasions between 1864 and 1879, and took part in the general business of Oxford University, holding office in connection the Oxford University Press, the Museum, the Common University Fund, and occupying for many years a seat in the Hebdomadal Council.
Fowler was a junior contemporary of men like Benjamin Jowett, Arthur Stanley, Goldwin Smith, Mark Pattison, whom he might have succeeded as Rector of Lincoln, John Matthias Wilson, whom he succeeded as President of Corpus, and Dr Henry Liddell, sometime Dean of Christ Church. He belonged to their school of University politics, on the Liberal side in the conflicts of the time, and he took part in the struggle for the abolition of University tests.
He enjoyed university business, and was not a profound and original thinker. He had the gift of writing lucid and scholarly English. His works included two volumes on Deductive and Inductive Logic respectively, which have passed through many editions, and are, in the main, a reproduction for Oxford use of the logical system of John Stuart Mill; an elaborate edition of Francis Bacon's "Novum Organon", with introduction and notes' an edition of Locke's "Conduct of the Understanding"; monographs on John Locke, Bacon and Shaftesbury and Hutcheson; "Progressive Morality, an Essay in Ethics"; and "The Principles of Morality", an important and original work, which incorporates as much of the thought of J. M. Wilson as Wilson ever managed to put on paper. The work is Fowler's own, but it was largely inspired by Wilson, and in some few parts it was written by him.
In 1886, he was awarded a Bachelor and Doctor of Divinity.
President of Corpus.
In 1881, Fowler was elected, rather unexpectedly, to succeed Professor John Matthias Wilson as President of Corpus Christi College, Oxford. He wrote its history in a well-researched volume displaying much patient research which was published by the Oxford Historical Society. He was Vice-Chancellor from 1899 to 1901. His health then failed, and he died unmarried at 12.30 p.m. on 21 November 1904, in his 73rd year.

</doc>
<doc id="19668167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668167" title="Eugene G. d'Aquili">
Eugene G. d'Aquili

Eugene G. d'Aquili (born 1940) was a research psychiatrist who specialized in studying members of religious communities (e.g., brain image scans). He died in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="19668171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668171" title="Local Economic Assessment Package">
Local Economic Assessment Package

The Local Economic Assessment Package (also known as “EDR-LEAP” or “LEAP Model”) is a web-based, interactive database and software tool used by local and regional agencies in the US to improve strategies for economic development. It provides local economic performance measures, and benchmarks for comparison of economic development factors against competing regions. It works by incorporating elements of economic base analysis as well as gap analysis and business cluster analysis to identify needs for improvement and paths for economic growth.
The LEAP Model was originally developed for the Appalachian Regional Commission. Its theory and applications are discussed in peer-reviewed journal articles. 

</doc>
<doc id="19668216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668216" title="Marie Nordén">
Marie Nordén

Marie Nordén (born 1967) is a Swedish social democratic politician. She has been a member of the Riksdag since 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19668230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668230" title="Super Circus">
Super Circus

Super Circus was an American television program which aired live on Sunday afternoons from 5 to 6pm Eastern Time from 1949-1956 on ABC. The show originally was produced in Chicago, but production later moved to New York City. The award-winning show featured circus and clown acts performing in front of a studio audience. Mary Hartline and Claude Kirchner were the hosts (Jerry Colonna succeeded Kirchner as "Ringmaster" in the final New York season), and Bruce Chase conducted the band. Sponsors for the show including Kellogg's Corn Flakes, Mars, Inc. (Mars Bars, Snickers, 3 Musketeers), Canada Dry Ginger Ale, and Sweetheart Soap. 
Hartline, known for her short skirts. white boots and long blonde hair, became one of television's first sex symbols, spawning merchandise such as dolls.
For at least the 1951 and 1952 seasons, each day Kirchner selected one child from the audience to stick his hand into a jar full of coins, attempting to pull out and keep as much money as possible. There were no one-dollar coins in the jar, but Kirchner always announced when he spotted a "fifty-cent piece" among the coins retrieved and the audience was prompted to cheer.
Episode status.
A small number of episodes survive in film archives and private collections. Six episodes were released to DVD on October 28, 2008 by Alpha Video.

</doc>
<doc id="19668269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668269" title="Kilton">
Kilton

Kilton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19668273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668273" title="DisplayLink">
DisplayLink

DisplayLink (formerly Newnham Research) is a semiconductor and software technology company. DisplayLink USB graphics technology is designed to connect computers and displays using USB Ethernet and WiFi. It also allows multiple displays to be connected to a single computer. DisplayLink's primary customers are notebook OEMs (HP, Dell, Toshiba, Lenovo, Acer, Asus), LCD monitor manufacturers (Samsung, LG, ASUS), projector manufacturers (InFocus) and PC accessory vendors (Targus, Kensington, Plugable). DisplayLink has seen rapid adoption of their USB graphics solutions and have shipped over two million USB graphics chips into the peripherals market.
DisplayLink operates worldwide with offices in the United States, the United Kingdom, Poland, and Taiwan. The company is privately funded and to date has raised $75 million in financing from venture capital organizations Atlas Venture, Balderton Capital, Cipio Partners DAG Ventures and DFJ Esprit. 
Company history.
DisplayLink was founded in 2003 as Newnham Research by Dr. Quentin Stafford-Fraser and Martin King. The Newnham Research team invented NIVO (Network In, Video Out) designed for low cost thin client computing over Ethernet networks. The company referred to these thin-client computers as network displays.
In 2006, Newnham Research launched its first commercially-available product in partnership with the Kensington Computer Products Group: a USB 2.0 universal laptop docking station designed for the retail market. 
In November 2006, Newnham Research renamed itself to DisplayLink, a name that better described their display connection technology.
DisplayLink launched its first semiconductor product family, the DL-120 and DL-160 USB 2.0 graphics devices, in January 2007, signalling an important change in the company's business plan from FPGA-based systems to semiconductors. The DL-120 and DL-160 allow up to six additional monitors to be added to a PC through USB 2.0.
In May 2009, DisplayLink launched its second semiconductor product family, the DL-125, DL-165, and DL-195 USB 2.0 graphics devices. This DL-1x5 family brings improved performance, an increase in maximum resolution to 2048x1152, and the integration of a DVI transmitter and video DAC. The first products to ship with the new DL-1x5 chips were the Samsung Lapfit LD190G and LD220G monitors.
On November 17, 2009, DisplayLink announced their first Thin Client product based on their USB 2.0 virtual graphics technology, designed for Microsoft Windows MultiPoint Server. Thin client manufacturer HP was the first to announce a product based on DisplayLink USB Graphics technology with the launch of the t100 Thin Client.
At the Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in 2012, DisplayLink announced several products incorporating video and graphics over a USB 3.0 "SuperSpeed USB" connection, showing substantial improvements in performance, resolution support, and video quality.
At the Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in 2013, DisplayLink demonstrated USB Power Delivery in which a standard USB cable is used to charge a laptop computer. 
Technology.
The DisplayLink network graphics technology is composed of Virtual Graphics Card (VGC) software that is installed on a PC and a Hardware Rendering Engine (HRE) embedded or connected to a display device. The DisplayLink VGC software is based on a proprietary adaptive graphics technology. The VGC software runs on a Windows or Mac OS X host PC and takes information from the graphics adapter and compresses the changes to the display from the last update and sends it over any standard network including USB, Wireless USB, Ethernet, and Wi-Fi. After receiving the data, the HRE then transforms it back into pixels to be displayed on the monitor. While the basic network graphics technology can be used on a variety of network interfaces (Ethernet, and Wi-Fi), DisplayLink has to date only designed products around USB 2.0, USB 3.0, and Wireless USB connectivity.
Products with DisplayLink technology are supported on Windows 8, Windows 7, Windows Vista, Windows XP and Mac OS X. The Linux kernel 3.4 also contains a DisplayLink driver, but current generation USB3 chips are not supported as of Nov 2011. There is a DisplayLink-supported open source project called libdlo with the goal of bringing support to Linux and other platforms. There are also unofficial reverse-engineered specifications available.
IC Generations.
DL-1x0.
The DL-1x0 family were the first generation of DisplayLink ICs, launched in January 2007. The family consisted of 2 products: DL-120 and DL-160, differentiated by the maximum resolution supported by the device. DL-120 supported up to 1280x1024/1400x1050 and DL-160 up to 1600x1200/1680x1050.
The ICs supported a USB 2.0 input and a 24bit RGB output or LVDS output. Additional chips needed in the design are an EEPROM and DDR Memory. If the design required an Analog RGB (VGA) or DVI output an additional chip was needed to convert the 24bit RGB output to VGA or DVI.
The DisplayLink website no longer shows the DL-1x0 ICs available, so are presumed to be no longer available (as of February 2013).
DL-1x5.
The DL_1x5 family were introduced in May 2009. The family consists of 4 products: DL-115, DL-125, DL-165 and DL-195, again differentiated by the maximum resolution supported by the device. Features of the DL-1x5 family are:
DL-3x00.
The DL-3x00 family was first demonstrated at IDF in September 2011. It supports dual video outputs (DL-3900 only) and integrated 5.1 audio and Gigabit Ethernet. It also integrated a new compression scheme, called DL3.0 and content protection using HDCP 2.0 encryption.
The DL-3x00 IC won the Best of CES Innovations 2011 Design and Engineering Award Honoree.
Criticism.
Customers have complained that DisplayLink has not responded to 10.8 Mac OS X problems in a timely manner, however DisplayLink has responded to this criticism and has recently announced a new Mac driver to support all current USB 2.0 and USB 3.0 products.

</doc>
<doc id="19668281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668281" title="DeZign for Databases">
DeZign for Databases

DeZign for Databases is a database design and data modeling tool for multiple database platforms (Oracle, MySQL, IBM DB2, PostgreSQL, MS SQL Sever, MS Access, ...). It can be used to create, maintain and document new or existing database systems. The tool uses Entity-relationship diagram. Similar tools are Embarcadero ER/Studio, IBM Data Architect, Oracle Designer and Sybase PowerDesigner.
History.
DeZign for Databases was created by Heraut Solutions in 1998. Later the company name was changed to Datanamic. DeZign for Databases was the first modeling tool to support MySQL. Support for more databases was added in the late nineties. About 20 databases are supported in the 2008 version of the tool.

</doc>
<doc id="19668293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668293" title="Arena Leisure">
Arena Leisure

Arena Leisure plc was a public limited company based in London, England, which existed as an independent entity until 2012 when it was merged with Northern Racing to form the Arena Racing Company. The company operated seven of the UK's horse racing courses - at the time, a 23% share of the UK horse racing market - as well as and other leisure industry interests.
Founded in 1997, the company acted as an acquisitions vehicle to buy a number of UK racecourses ad leisure interests, also spanning golf courses and hotels, and joint ventures with a 47.85% stake in TV channel At The Races. The hotels were all leased to major hotel chains.
Arena became dominant in the UK horse racing industry by adapting three of its tracks - Lingfield Park, Southwell and Wolverhampton - to artificial surfaces, giving it 3 of the 4 of the UK's all weather tracks. These could be utilised throughout the year and in different weather conditions, increasing usage and hence revenue.
Having built up a 29.9% stake in the company, the second largest behind race horse owner Trevor Hemmings with 40%, after approval from the Office of Fair Trading that there was no need to refer the proposed bid to the Competition Commission, in April 2012 Reuben Brothers bought Arena Leisure. The company was then merged with the brothers' existing holding in Northern Racing to create the Arena Racing Company, otherwise known as ARC.
Race Courses.
The following racecourses were owned by Arena Leisure

</doc>
<doc id="19668296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668296" title="Asari Dam">
Asari Dam


</doc>
<doc id="19668325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668325" title="Euhadra senckenbergiana">
Euhadra senckenbergiana

Euhadra senckenbergiana is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Bradybaenidae. This species is found in Japan. 
The shell of this species is dextral.
Subspecies.
A number of subspecies have been named:
Comparison of the shells of the subspecies:

</doc>
<doc id="19668334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668334" title="Françoise Gaillard">
Françoise Gaillard

Françoise Gaillard is a French literary critic and Professor at University of Paris VII specializing in fin-de-siècle French literature, aesthetics and art. 
Background.
Françoise Gaillard is the author of various studies of French literature in its collective, political, and cultural framework. Gaillard is particularly interested in ideas of dogma and epistemology.
Gaillard has extensive proficiency in present-day artistic issues and is frequently a participant in debates and programs on French Culture. She has prepared a succession of debates on literature and philosophy at the Centre Georges Pompidou, collaborated for many years in the reviews La Quinzaine Littéraire and Canal (a magazine of contemporary art) and contributed to Le Monde des débats. She is a regular contributor to the seminars organized as Cerisy-la-Salle and serves on the editorial board of Romantisme, Etudes françaises, Esprit, Cahiers de médiologie, and Crises. She is a member of several research teams at the CNRS. 

</doc>
<doc id="19668346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668346" title="Interstate 80 Business (Nevada)">
Interstate 80 Business (Nevada)

"Interstate 80 Business" in the U.S. state of Nevada can refer to one of several designated routes:

</doc>
<doc id="19668363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668363" title="Ashibetsu Dam">
Ashibetsu Dam

The is a dam in Ashibetsu, Hokkaidō, Japan, completed in 1952.

</doc>
<doc id="19668371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668371" title="Tony Carroll (psychotherapist)">
Tony Carroll (psychotherapist)

Tony Carroll, LCSW, established a psychotherapy practice in the Neartown area of Houston (Texas, USA) in 1983, making it the oldest LGBT psychotherapy practice in the city. He served as the first openly gay president of the Texas Society for Clinical Social Work and conducted one of the first studies on the stability of gay couples, though his research was never published. He practices psychotherapy in Neartown in the same building as his domestic partner, Bruce W. Smith, DDS.
Personal life.
Carroll was raised in a small town in Arkansas by a religious family and later studied music at Hendrix College, where he began to question his sexuality. He discovered the book The Sixth Man by Jess Stearn, which suggested to Carroll that communities of productive gay people actually existed, causing him to question the prevailing attitudes about homosexual people. During his junior year of undergraduate school, he was engaged to a female vocalist in a trio for which he was the keyboardist. However, she broke off their engagement because she believed he was in love with the third member of the trio, a male vocalist, rather than her. This became Carroll’s first gay relationship, and it lasted eight years, despite tremendous opposition from the parents on both sides.
In August 1968, Carroll took a choral department job in Houston and settled in the Neartown area of Houston. He later decided to abandon music in favor of pursuing a degree in social work, so he began to research long-term gay couples in graduate school at the University of Houston. He describes the motivating force behind this decision as deriving from his “20 years in the chair” himself: he had difficulties finding therapists willing to work with a gay patient and later, gay couples, so he decided to help the gay community through this venue.
Carroll first met Dr. Bruce W. Smith, a Houston-area dentist, at a Log Cabin Republican Convention in 1995. In 2003, they were married in Toronto, Canada. Carroll has said that although the marriage is not valid in the United States, he and his husband felt it was important to them to have their marriage recognized, and that it was an “amazing” and “emotional” experience. Carroll believes that religion’s stronghold on America’s politics and society is the main reason the US has not granted homosexuals the right to marry, while Canada and other countries have. He does believe, however, that the US will legalize gay marriage in the future, and that people are infinitely more accepting of gays now than they were.
Carroll and Smith continually presented themselves as a publicly gay couple because they believe that it provides a role model for others in the gay community. They claim that their image as a professional gay couple is one of their greatest accomplishments to Houston’s gay community. Their friends affectionately call them “Dental and Mental” because their practices are located in the same building.
Career.
Carroll is a Licensed Clinical Social Worker (LSCW), and has run his own practice since the 1980s. He is also a certified Imago relationship therapist, although he does not practice the teachings of this theory. Currently, his psychotherapy practice is devoted to adults in both individual and couples, so although he has particular interest in working with the GLBT individuals and couples, his practice also includes a large number of straight clients. He treats many people with concerns about anxiety, depression, mood disturbances, intimacy, relationships, grief and loss, mid-life, sexuality, self-esteem, growth, and couples’ issues. He has been voted Best Mental Health Therapist for the years 2003-2009 by Houston’s OutSmart Magazine. Carroll co-founded the Psychotherapy Resource Group, a training group for mental health professionals. He has also taught the medical staff of several hospitals and organizations in how to deal with emotional crises in the hospital. He was the first openly gay president of Texas Society for Clinical Social Work and a diplomat of the International Congress for the Advancement of Private Practice.
He is active not only as a therapist but also for Houston’s GLBT community. He says that “most gay people know very early on that they are different and that they need to hide those differences. Remaining closeted and hiding the truth from the world becomes self defeating behavior, and invisibility makes it easier to perpetuate myths about gay people”. Therefore, he works with the gay community to help them learn to accept themselves for who they are through his therapy sessions.
In 1983, Carroll conducted a study on stability in gay relationships, one of the first in America at the time. AIDS became a topic of national concern in the early 1980s, creating social stigma against anyone who identified with the gay community. By sending out an ad through the magazine "This Week in Texas", he found forty homosexual couples from Houston who had been together a minimum of six years. Though he never published his research, it showed that homosexual relationships were just as stable as heterosexual relationships, despite the stereotype that homosexuals cannot have stable relationships. He also studied the integrated-ness of gay couples in the wider community, and found that these well-established couples tended to not interact with the inner-city bar scene, but instead referred to their heterosexual neighbors as their closest friends.
Political Viewpoints.
Formerly a Log Cabin Republican, a group of Republicans who believe in equal rights for everyone, regardless of sexual orientation, Carroll’s political views now lean more toward the left, considering his involvement in Democratic organizations. He supports gay marriage and fought against the 2005 constitutional amendment that would have banned gay marriage in Texas. He supported Bill White for Houston’s mayor of 2004-2010, and actively campaigned to help Annise Parker become Houston’s current mayor. Carroll also was a supporter of John Edwards in the presidential campaign of 2008.
GLBT Activism.
 Carroll, along with his husband Bruce Smith, has consistently contributed to political groups focused on improving the quality of life in the LGBT community. In 2008, Carroll and Smith donated $1,700 to ActBlue, $500 to John Edwards’ presidential campaign, and to the Center for AIDS: Think "Cure!". They were also members of the Silver Counsel (donating 10k to 25k annually) for the Gay and Lesbian Victory Fund and Leadership Institute in 2008. Carroll supported Bill White’s campaign for mayor in 2004-2010 and the campaign to elect Houston’s current lesbian mayor, Annise Parker. Carroll and his husband Smith form a ROADcouple, and are active members in the ROADwomen organization. They open their house to tired marchers from the Pride Parade annually, and have focused their practices on helping the GLBT community with their dental and mental needs.

</doc>
<doc id="19668397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668397" title="Chitose Dam">
Chitose Dam


</doc>
<doc id="19668424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668424" title="Issoufou Idrissa">
Issoufou Idrissa

Boubacar Idrissa Issoufou (born December 13, 1976 in Niger) is a Nigerien football striker.
Career.
He has played in 2001 for the Kansas Jayhawks, 2002 between 2004 for Newman Jets and from 2005 to 2008 for Hollywood Way (California State). His nickname is 'Denis American'.
International career.
He was a member of the Niger national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="19668431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668431" title="Bibai Dam">
Bibai Dam

The is a dam in Bibai, Hokkaidō, Japan. 

</doc>
<doc id="19668464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668464" title="List of Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monuments in South Los Angeles">
List of Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monuments in South Los Angeles

This is a list of Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monuments in South Los Angeles, California, USA. In total, there are over 144 Historic-Cultural Monuments (HCM) in the South Los Angeles area, which includes the historic West Adams, Exposition Park, and University of Southern California campus areas. It also includes historic sites in Watts (including Simon Rodia's Watts Towers), Baldwin Hills, Crenshaw, Jefferson Park, and Leimert Park. Further, certain historic sites in Arlington Heights, Harvard Heights and Mid-City neighborhoods below Washington Boulevard are identified by the Los Angeles Department of City Planning as being in South Los Angeles, and are included here. There is also a separate list below identifying other historic sites in the area that have not been designated as HCMs, but which have been recognized as California Historical Landmarks or have been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Overview of the Historic-Cultural Monuments in southern Los Angeles.
National Historic Landmarks. The southern portion of Los Angeles includes some of the city's most historic sites, including three National Historic Landmarks. The sites receiving this high designation are: (1) the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum, built in 1923, and used as the principal site of the 1932 and 1984 Summer Olympic Games; (2) the Watts Towers (HCM #15), a collection of 17 interconnected structures, two of which reach heights of over 99 feet (30 m), built by Italian immigrant construction worker Simon Rodia in his spare time from 1921 to 1954; and (3) Baldwin Hills Village (HCM #174), an innovative planned community built in the 1930s with large open grassy areas and trees.
Historic West Adams. The largest concentration of historic sites in the South Los Angeles area is in the West Adams district, along a three-mile stretch of West Adams Boulevard between Arlington Avenue and Figueroa Street. Though South Los Angeles is now considered one of the poorest sections of the city, the West Adams district was one of the city's most affluent areas from the 1890s through the 1920s. Many of the area's mansions, Victorian homes, and American Craftsman bungalows have been preserved. The area's 70 Historic-Cultural Monuments include some of the city's most renowned landmarks, such as oil baron Edward Doheny's Chester Place mansion (HCM #30), the William Andrews Clark Memorial Library (HCM #28) operated by UCLA, the castle-like Stimson House (HCM #212) that survived a dynamite attack in 1896, Frederick Hastings Rindge House (HCM #95) built by a Bostonian who owned all of Malibu, the picturesque Victorian Forthmann House (HCM #103), and the birthplace of two-time U.S. Presidential candidate Adlai Stevenson (HCM #35).
Churches. Many of the city's most recognizable churches are also located in southern Los Angeles, including the domed Second Church of Christ Scientist (HCM #57), the second Catholic church in the city to be consecrated, St. Vincent de Paul (HCM #72), the city's Episcopal cathedral, Saint John's, its Greek Orthodox cathedral, Saint Sophia (HCM #120), the Gothic McCarty Memorial Christian Church, which became one of the first white Protestant churches to be racially integrated in the 1950s, the Lombard Romanesque Second Baptist Church (HCM #200) designed in 1925 by noted African-American architect, Paul R. Williams, and the Richardsonian Romanesque First African Methodist Episcopal Zion Cathedral (HCM #341).
USC and Exposition Park. To the south of West Adams is the campus of the University of Southern California and Exposition Park. The important sites in these neighborhoods include the Coliseum, the Shrine Auditorium (HCM #139) (the site of eleven Academy Awards ceremonies between 1947 and 2001), the Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County, the Exposition Park Rose Garden, and USC's Widney Hall (HCM #70) (the oldest university building in Southern California, in continuous use since 1880).
African-American Music History. The area also includes sites that have played an important role in the city's musical history. The Ray Charles Worldwide Offices and Studios were designated as a Historic-Cultural Monument (HCM #776) in 2004, and the Dunbar Hotel (HCM #70) was at the center of the thriving Central Avenue jazz scene in the 1930s and 1940s. After hosting the first national convention of the NAACP to be held in the western United States, the Dunbar hosted Duke Ellington, Cab Calloway, Billie Holiday, Louis Armstrong, Lionel Hampton, Count Basie, Lena Horne and other jazz legends. Former heavyweight champion Jack Johnson also ran a nightclub at the Dunbar in the 1930s. And the Lincoln Theatre (HCM #744), built in 1927, was once the crown jewel of Central Avenue, referred to by some as the West Coast's version of New York's Apollo Theater.
Ralph J. Bunche House. The Ralph J. Bunche House (HCM #159), boyhood home of Ralph J. Bunche, the first African-American to win the Nobel Peace Prize, has been preserved as a museum.
Vermont Square Branch Library. The city's oldest library building, the Vermont Square Branch (HCM #264) was built in 1913 in the Vermont Square section of South Los Angeles. It is an Italian Renaissance style building with Prairie style proportions built with a grant from Andrew Carnegie.
Watts Station. The Watts Station was designated as a Historic-Cultural Monument (HCM #36) shortly after the Watts Riots in 1965. The old wooden railway station, built in 1904, was the only building along Watts' main thoroughfare (which became known as "Charcoal Alley") to survive the riots. The station became a symbol of continuity, hope and renewal for the Watts community.
Non-HCM sites also recognized.
The Historic-Cultural Monuments listed above include many of the most important historic sites in South Los Angeles. In addition, the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum is a U.S. National Historic Landmark in the area. Some other sites and historic districts within the South Los Angeles area have been listed on the National Register of Historic Places or designated as California Historical Landmarks, but were not also listed as HCMs. These are:

</doc>
<doc id="19668476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668476" title="What Do I Say?">
What Do I Say?

"What do I say" (Arabic: ماذا أقول) is a famous poem written by the Syrian poet Hasan Alkhayer (Arabic حسن الخيّر) in 1979. He had criticized both the austere regime and the militant terrorists who together had crippled life in Syria in the late 1970s and early 1980s. He was later kidnapped and killed, in 1980.
The poem was a remarkable contribution by a Syrian intellectual in Syria's recent history that added color to the flame of life in the stagnant political atmosphere. In this poem, Hasan succeeds in expressing complex contemporary issues in very simple language.
Hasan Alkhayer might have been an Alawite
Some verses from the poem.
<poem>What do I say? if saying the truth is followed by lashing whips and humid dark prison,
But I can not keep silent as silence is a vice that leads to hiding the light of truth.
And I can not lie as lying is evil, God forbid, I will not lie!
There are two gangs: one is ruling with the name of patriotism and have none of it!
And another gang claims good faith; and religion forbids their sayings and acts!
Two gangs, my people be aware of, both drank from the same evil waters!</poem>
Translated from Arabic:
<poem>ماذا أقول و قول الحق الحق يعقبه
جميعهم من معين السوء قد شربوا</poem>
Analysis.
It is important to mention that "free opinion" is the biggest taboo in Arab countries. Armed with his pen, Hasan knew what fate was ahead of him for his free and recusant soul, for his trenchant writings attacking tyranny, and for lambasting tardiness, but it is the lesson of history: The darkness can only be cut sharp with a falling star, a meteor.
In these bloody years, both fighting factions, the regime and the fanatics, tried to align Syrians by using the sectarian differences. Poet Hasan presciently pointed to the importance of not losing the national unity that has always been an impregnable Syrian "trademark".
One of his most poignant and emotional verses are about the city of Hama. Sadly, in less than two years after Alkhayer's mysterious disappearance, Hama was to be in the heart of what was later called the Hama massacre.
Some verses about Hama.
<poem>They said (the regime) Hama is blinded by animosity so it welters; I wonder, can Hama the lair of Baath welter?
If they (the regime) remember what Hama did to the tyrannous, they will cry in fear'
Hama and the people of Hama were the best who held the flags of Baath up and flying
When the people of Hama saw you (the regime) shifted away from moral principles, they honorably shifted their loyalty away from you</poem>
Translated from Arabic:
<poem>قالوا حماة عماها الحقد فاضطربت
فإنهم شرفا عن حبكم نكبوا</poem>
More verses.
Because souls fade without hope as hope is the bird that sings in our souls and the rain that gives us a new and pure life, poet Hasan keeps faith in a new land and united people:
<poem>The rain will shower my thirsty land, and the darkness and clouds will leave my mountains
There will always be one irreplaceable voice: God the great, we are all Arabs</poem>
Translated from Arabic:
<poem>سيسقط الغيث في أرضي و قد ظمئت
الله أكبر إنا كلنا عرب</poem>

</doc>
<doc id="19668486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668486" title="Chubetsu Dam">
Chubetsu Dam

The is a dam in Biei, Hokkaidō, Japan. The dam was completed in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19668508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668508" title="Christina Oskarsson">
Christina Oskarsson

Christina Oskarsson (previously Christina Nenes), born 1951, is a Swedish social democratic politician. She has been a member of the Riksdag since 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="19668555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668555" title="Athletics at the 1924 Summer Olympics – Men's 3000 metres steeplechase">
Athletics at the 1924 Summer Olympics – Men's 3000 metres steeplechase

The men's 3000 metres steeplechase event was part of the track and field athletics programme at the 1924 Summer Olympics. The competition was held on Monday, July 7, 1924 and on Wednesday, July 9, 1924.
As for all other races the track was 500 metres in circumference.
Nineteen runners from nine nations competed.
Records.
These were the standing world and Olympic records (in minutes) prior to the 1924 Summer Olympics.
"(*)" unofficial
In the first run Elias Katz set a new Olympic record with 9:43.8 minutes. In the final Ville Ritola improved the record with 9:33.6 minutes.
Results.
Semifinals.
All semi-finals were held on Monday, July 7, 1924.
The best three finishers of every heat qualified for the final.
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Semifinal 3
Final.
The final was held on Wednesday, July 9, 1924.

</doc>
<doc id="19668556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668556" title="St. George's Grammar School">
St. George's Grammar School

St. George's Grammar School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19668561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668561" title="Biggesee">
Biggesee

The Biggesee or Bigge Reservoir () is a reservoir in Germany. It lies in the southern part of the Sauerland between Olpe and Attendorn.
Purpose.
The lake serves to regulate the Ruhr and Lenne as well as providing water for the Ruhrgebiet. It is fed from the Bigge, a tributary of the Lenne.
The lake serves primarily to store water for the Ruhrgebiet so as to maintain the same level of water in the Ruhr. The lake can deliver, via the rivers Bigge and Lenne, up to 40% of all the water supplied by all the reservoirs in the river system of the Ruhr combined. A hydroelectric power station produces around 24 million kWh electricity annually. The power of the three large and one small Francis turbines amounts to 17.52 MW. The owner of the lake is the Ruhrverband.
Along with the Listertalsperre, the Biggestausee forms a large reservoir system. The formerly self-standing Listertalsperre joins immediately on to the Biggesee.
In middle of the Biggesee itself is the circa Gilberginsel which, together with the neighboring lakeshore area, forms a nature reserve.
Construction of the Bigge Dam.
In 1956, the Landtag (parliament) of North Rhine-Westphalia passed a law for the financing of the Bigge Dam.
On 1 August 1956, the Bigge Dam Law came into force. According to this, each municipality was obliged to extract 1.2 pfennigs from every consumer of water for every m² of water they used – the so-called “Biggepfennig” – which went towards financing the construction of the Bigge Dam.
The building of the dam began in 1956 and was finished in 1965, although the planning could be said to reach back as far as 1938. The Listertalsperre, dating from 1912, became an arm of the new reservoir. The complete system encompasses a volume of water of 172 million m³, of which the Biggesee has 150 million and the Listertalsperre 22 million. Therefore the Biggesee system is the fifth largest reservoir in Germany in terms of capacity. The catchment area of both lakes comprises an area of . The lakes themselves have a surface area of with a length of ca. . The deepest point of the Biggesee when the water is at its planned level is about .
Around 2550 people had to be re-settled in the newly built districts of Neu-Listernohl, Sondern-Hanemicke und Eichhagen. New construction included of Bundesstraße, Landstraße, of local roads and of cycle routes, making altogether of new roads and paths. The “Bigge Valley Railway” was likewise newly laid out in the region of the lake. Building of these new traffic routes required eight large bridges and 24 smaller ones.
Tourism.
Over the years, the lakes have become a tourist magnet. Apart from the possibilities for water sports (sailing, surfing, rowing, canoeing, fishing and diving), two passenger ships ply the lake at the moment. Previously there had been four - three on the main lake and a canal boat on the upper reservoir. There are two official diving areas, the Weuste and the Kraghammer Sattel, as well as a diving school in the camping area at “Sonderner Kopf”. Additionally, there numerous cycle and hiking routes round the lake and its environs. These are especially well-used during the summer. Many holidaymakers move their quarters around the different camping sites along the lake. The Bigge Dam belongs to The Industrial Heritage Trail, and indeed to the "Theme Route 12: Ruhr - Past and Present".
Transport.
Rail and bus.
The Biggesee lies on the single-line Bigge Valley Railway (KBS 442), on which the Biggesee-Express (RB 92) travels hourly from Olpe, stopping a few times close to the lakeshore, and on to Finnentrop with a connection to the Ruhr-Sieg-Express (RE 16). In Sondern there is a lake station which allows direct transfer from the train on to a passenger ship. This is the only lake station in North Rhine-Westphalia.
An architectural characteristic are the two multilevel bridges over two arms of the lake. The railway line runs on the lower level, with the road above. Both bridges are to be found about 1 and 1.5 Kilometers (ca 1 mi.) east of the Listertal-Staumauer.
With respect to road transport, buses reach the Biggesee. The relevant operator are the VWS based in Siegen, a subsidiary of the Stadtwerke Bonn, and BRS (Busverkehr Rhein-Sieg GmbH). Apart from that, buses from the “Regionalverkehr Köln” company travel along the Biggesee.
Rail and road transport is grouped together in the Verkehrsgemeinschaft Westfalen-Süd (VGWS).
Roads.
The Biggesee can be reached by two federal motorways:
as well as the Bundesstraßen B 54 Hagen–Olpe–Siegen, B 55 Olpe–Lennestadt–Meschede.
Furthermore, the Landstraße 512 runs along the left bank from Olpe to Attendorn.
Cruises.
You can cruise on the Biggesee. From April to the end of October, two ships of the "Personenschifffahrt Biggesee" ply the lake. A round trip takes ca. 2 hours. There are five landing stages.
Cycle tracks.
There is an extensive cycle track network around the Biggesee and the Listertalsperre. 
Walking routes.
There is a variety of marked walking routes around the lakes, IVV-round routes in Olpe.

</doc>
<doc id="19668596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668596" title="Mike (disambiguation)">
Mike (disambiguation)

Mike is a personal given name.
Mike may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19668611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668611" title="Paul Dahlke">
Paul Dahlke

Paul Victor Ernst Dahlke (April 12, 1904 – November 23, 1984) was a German stage and film actor.
Career.
Dahlke was born in Gross Streitz (today Strzezenice, Poland) near Köslin in Farther Pomerania. He visited school in Köslin, Stargard and passed his Abitur in Dortmund in 1922. Dahlke started to study at the Clausthal University of Technology and the Technical University of Berlin but also attended some lectures in German philology and dramatics.
In 1927 Dahlke was a scholar of Max Reinhardt's drama school and appeared at different stages in Berlin and Munich in 1929. He became a member of the Deutsches Theater ensemble in 1934 until its closedown in 1944 and was awarded a "Staatsschauspieler" in 1937. Throughout the 1930s he worked with popular actors like Emil Jannings, Zarah Leander, Lil Dagover or Lída Baarová.
After World War II Dahlke worked at the "Staatsschauspiel Munich" and embodied characters like Carl Zuckmayer's "Des Teufels General" or Professor Higgins in George Bernard Shaw's "Pygmalion". He became popular by several TV productions in the 1970s, e.g. his appearance in "The Old Fox", "Derrick" or "Der Kommissar".
Dahlke was the German dubbing voice of Charles Laughton and Vincent Price.
Paul Dahlke died in Salzburg and is buried at Grundlsee, Austria.

</doc>
<doc id="19668630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668630" title="Baluwatar">
Baluwatar

Baluwatar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19668636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668636" title="Boldt">
Boldt

Boldt may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="19668679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668679" title="Boris Mordukhovich">
Boris Mordukhovich

Boris Mordukhovich is an American mathematician recognized for his research in the areas of nonlinear analysis, optimization, and control theory. Mordukhovich is one of the founders of modern variational analysis and generalized differentiation. Currently he is Distinguished University Professor and Lifetime Scholar of the Academy of Scholars at Wayne State University (Vice President, 2009-2010 and President, 2010-2011). He also holds Chair Professorship of Mathematics and Statistics at the King Fahd University of Petroleum and Minerals, Dhahran, Saudi Arabia and holds associations with several other educational and research institutions.
Life and works.
Mordukhovich was born and educated in the Soviet Union; he immigrated to the United States with his family in December 1988. He developed constructions of generalized differentiation (bearing now his name), and their development and applications to classes of problems in variational analysis, optimization, equilibrium, control, economics, engineering, and other fields. His theory and various applications have been recently summarized in the 2-volume monograph and more than 350 journal publications.
Mordukhovich is an AMS Fellow of the Inaugural Class, a SIAM Fellow, and a recipient of many international awards and honors, including Dr. Honoris Causa from the National Sun Yat-sen University in Taiwan, Vasile Goldiş University in Romania, University of Messina, University of Alicante in Spain, Babes-Bolyai University, Romania and from Vietnam Academy of Science and Technology. He was the Founding Editor and remains the Editor-in-Chief of "Set-Valued and Variational Analysis," an international journal. In 2011, he was elected to the Accademia Peloritana dei Pericolanti (Italy) and also to chair the International Working Group on Generalized Convexity. He is in the list of Highly Cited Researchers in Mathematics, maintained by Institute for Scientific Information (ISI).

</doc>
<doc id="19668702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668702" title="Veronica Palm">
Veronica Palm

Veronica Palm (born 1 February 1973) is a Swedish social democratic politician. She has been a Member of the Swedish Riksdag since 2002 and is chairman of the Stockholm Labour Commune since 2009. 
She is married to Roger Mogert, the opposition leader of Stockholm Municipality, with whom she has two children. They announced their separation on 10 April 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19668704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668704" title="Sanggau Regency">
Sanggau Regency

Sanggau is a regency in Province of West Kalimantan, Indonesia. It is situated in the middle and in the northern part of the province, with an area of 12,857.70 km² and a population density of 32 inhabitants per km² in 2010.
Transportation.
Land.
Roads in Sanggau are pretty narrow and not well paved due to the limitation of government budget. In certain areas, the road is in pretty poor condition with many holes and slightly muddy along the road.
Water.
There are two main rivers flowing through Sanggau, they are Kapuas river and Sekayam river. Water transportation remains the popular choice amongst the people live in small villages / remote areas which are not accessible by road.
In addition, it is also used for distributing goods such as foods, medicines, etc.
The followings are the popular transports:
Air.
There is no airport in Sanggau regency, hence the nearest gateway are Supadio Airport (Pontianak) and Kuching International Airport(Sarawak, Malaysia).
See also.
Roman Catholic Diocese of Sanggau

</doc>
<doc id="19668722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668722" title="Gauri">
Gauri

Gauri may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19668749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668749" title="Vidak Bratić">
Vidak Bratić

Vidak Bratić (Serbian Cyrillic: Видак Братић; born 20 October 1976 in Novi Sad) is a former Serbian professional football player. He last played for Spartak Subotica in the Serbian SuperLiga, before retiring in the summer of 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19668756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668756" title="Not on Your Love">
Not on Your Love

"Not On Your Love" is a song written by Tony Martin, Troy Martin, and Reese Wilson, and recorded by American country music artist Jeff Carson. It was released in June 1995 as the second single from his self-titled debut album. The song represents Carson's only Number One single on the Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) chart.
The song's b-side, "Betty's Takin' Judo", was also the b-side to Carson's debut single "Yeah Buddy".
Music video.
There was a music video for this song, which reached number-one on CMT's Top 12 Countdown (now CMT's Top 20 Countdown) in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="19668757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668757" title="Harris Barron">
Harris Barron

Harris Barron is an artist, educator, writer, pilot, and adventurer who founded both the ZONE visual theatre group and the Studio for Interrelated Media (SIM) at the Massachusetts College of Art and Design in 1970. The SIM is one of the few programs of its kind that fosters a unique blend of interdisciplinary study, collaboration, and civic engagement within a Fine Arts context. Since its inception this program has grown - spawning computer arts, animation, and video programs - and is still one of the most innovative areas at the College.
Early life and education.
Harris Barron was born in 1926 in Boston, Massachusetts. 
Barron enlisted in the US Navy in 1944 as a flyer, based at the Pearl Harbor Naval Air Station. After being discharged in 1947, he entered Vesper George Art School in Boston's South End. In 1949, he was exposed to many artists from New York City at a summer painting program on Nantucket Island. Barron moved to New York City and worked as a graphic artist. He met his wife, Ros at Massachusetts College of Art, in 1951, married in 1953. Both graduated with BFA's in 1954 as two of Professor Charles Abbott's six initial majors in his new Ceramic Art program. Barron also completed academic course requirements in Harvard's University Extension program.
Artistic Practice.
Harris Barron began as a sculptor and painter, evolving into a performance artist, poet and writer. From 1956 to 1969 he was commissioned to design and execute many large scale architectural sculptures for new public buildings, collaborating with several prominent architects, including Walter Gropius, Hugh Stubbins, and Percival Goodman. 
His work is found at the Mount Holyoke College theatre; Temple Israel in Boston; the West Hartford Community Center; Choate Rosemary Hall; the Wilmington Community Center; the Washington Park WMCA in Boston; The Parkside School in Columbus; and the Fitchburg Savings Bank, among many other places.
Barron's smaller-scaled sculptures have been shown in several solo exhibitions, including the Institute of Contemporary Art, Boston; Ward-Nasse Gallery and Sidney Kanegis Gallery, Boston; three shows with New York dealer, Bertha Schaeffer Gallery; at Clemson University, and in many group exhibitions in this country, including the Portland Museum of Art. 
Harris and Ros Barron were Rockefeller Artists-in-Residence at WGBH—2, in the late 1960s, and involved with WGBH’s New Television Workshop in the 1970s. Their experimental "visual theater" company, ZONE—formed with former studio assistant Alan Finneran— performed a major work, "The Yellow Sound", at the Guggenheim Museum in New York City, and seeded the ideas behind the formation of the SIM program at MassArt. ZONE was active from 1968 to 1972 and produced a ten campus ZONE on Tour of New York State colleges, as well as six discrete works at venues such as MIT's Kresge Theatre (Computer Theatre); Harvard University (Grope Fest, a memorial to Walter Gropius); Ohio State University; and Brandeis University (Beyond Bauhaus Theatre), each of which was a major undertaking involving live performers with elaborate electronic costumes, large mobile set pieces, complicated original sound, text, and projection systems, custom hardware, and a knowledgeable technical crew. Fundamentally, ZONE was a laboratory for the exploration of art in a real-time/space context. 
Since 1988, Barron works primarily as a writer of poetry, short fiction and a memoir—"The Birth of Eagle Air". In 1988, along with another pilot from the MIT Soaring Association Frank Scarabino, flew an antique, open cockpit biplane from Massachusetts to California over a seven-day period. That unusual flight initiated a book, "Spaces in the Air" about "crossing America, at sometimes rather low altitudes, with nothing between me and the landscape below but air."
Teaching.
Harris Barron retired from his professorship at MassArt in 1988. His original inspirations and ideas are still the foundation for many of the curricular decisions made within SIM in its effort to combine performance, innovative technology, sound, light, projected image, considerations of space, wherein idea-based art-making is stressed. Barron's thesis maintains that original art originates in the mind; all else is application.
Barron was provocative and inspirational in the classroom. He had high expectations of his students and nothing went unnoticed. For many years, Barron's message to his students, "Shared experience creates community." was painted on the back wall of SIM's Longwood Theater on Brookline Avenue in Boston. This concept still infuses the Studio today.
After joining the MIT Soaring Club in 1975, Barron, as an instructor-in-training, taught student pilots to appreciate "motorless flight"—sailplane soaring—"using the mind and acute observation of atmospheric changes to sustain the self at altitude."
References.
Article written on the occasion of Harris Barron’s retirement from Massachusetts College of Art in 1988 by Ron Wallace; originally published in the Mass Art alumni/ae newsletter. Read Harris Barron .pdf

</doc>
<doc id="19668759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668759" title="Gerry (disambiguation)">
Gerry (disambiguation)

Gerry is both a surname and a given name.
Gerry may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19668761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668761" title="Martha Olney">
Martha Olney

Martha Olney is a permanent Adjunct Professor of Economics (2002-) at the University of California, Berkeley. She is a winner of local and national teaching awards, and has authored several leading undergraduate economics textbooks.
Academic Life.
Martha Olney is a permanent Adjunct Professor of Economics (2002-) at the University of California, Berkeley. She was previously an Associate Professor of Economics (with tenure) at the University of Massachusetts Amherst. She has been awarded the Berkeley Distinguished Teaching Award (in 2003), which is given to only three professors per year, and the Jonathan Hughes Prize for Excellence in Teaching Economic History, by the Economic History Association (in 1997).
She is the author of "Essentials of Economics" with Paul Krugman and Robin Wells, "Macroeconomics" with J. Bradford DeLong, and "Microeconomics as a Second Language."
Educational Background.
Olney received her Ph.D. in Economics in 1985 from the University of California, Berkeley. Her dissertation work on consumer durables, the advent of consumer credit in the 1920s, and the Great Depression, led to a book, "Buy Now, Pay Later: Advertising, Credit, and Consumer Durables in the 1920s," and several related journal articles.

</doc>
<doc id="19668774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668774" title="Astrid (disambiguation)">
Astrid (disambiguation)

Astrid is a female given name. 
Astrid may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19668784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668784" title="Modern">
Modern

Modern generally denotes something that is "up-to-date", "new", or contemporary.
It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19668798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668798" title="I Can Football">
I Can Football

I Can Football is a 3D multiplayer online soccer game created by the Turkish development house Sobee. The game was supported by Vestel at the beta stage. After Sobee had purchased by Türk Telekom, the game was published by TTnet in 2009. Sobee has recently reached marketing and sales agreements with both STC and Telecom Egypt for I Can Football. The game is published since 2010 in Egypt and Saudi Arabia.
Gameplay.
The player moves with the cursor keys. The player's character runs slower when they have the ball. While running the player may sprint with the "Shift" key, but sprinting depletes stamina very quickly. When stamina is depleted the player cannot run and will have to rest to regain stamina. There are two game modes, Pro and Normal. Running in Pro mode drains stamina but in Normal mode running doesn't drain stamina. Players also have gameplay options such as tackling, passing, shooting, freekick, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="19668803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668803" title="Margareta Persson">
Margareta Persson

Margareta Persson (born 1945) is a Swedish social democratic politician from Jonköping. She has been a member of the Riksdag since 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="19668814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668814" title="Goganpani">
Goganpani

Goganpani may refer to several places in Nepal:

</doc>
<doc id="19668827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668827" title="Colt New Service">
Colt New Service

The Colt New Service was a double-action revolver made by Colt from 1898 until c.1940. It was adopted by the U.S. Armed Forces in .45 Colt as the Model 1909 U.S. Army, Marine Corps Model 1909, Model 1909 U.S. Navy and in .45 ACP as the Model 1917 U.S. Army. The Model 1917 was created to supplement insufficient stocks of M1911 pistols during World War I and was dropped from production in 1941.
History.
Colt M1917 revolver.
Colt had produced a revolver for the U.S. Army called the M1909, a version of their heavy-frame, .45-caliber, New Service model in .45 Long Colt to supplement and replace a range of 1890s-era .38 caliber Colt and Smith & Wesson revolvers that had demonstrated inadequate stopping power during the Philippine–American War. The Colt M1917 Revolver was a New Service with a cylinder bored to take the .45 ACP cartridge and the half-moon clips to hold the rimless cartridges in position. Later production Colt M1917 revolvers had headspacing machined into the cylinder chambers, just as the Smith & Wesson M1917 revolvers had from the start. Newer Colt production could be fired without the half-moon clips, but the empty cartridge cases had to be ejected with a device such as a cleaning rod or pencil, as the cylinder extractor and ejector would pass over the rims of the rimless cartridges.
During its lifetime, the Colt New Service was the most popular revolver made by Colt, surpassing 150,000 units. After World War I, the revolver gained a strong following among civilian shooters.
Fitz Special.
John Henry Fitzgerald was an employee of Colt prior to World War II and was known to carry of a pair of New Service "Fitz Specials" in his front pockets. These revolvers had bobbed hammers, 2" barrels, shortened and rounded grip frames, and the front of the trigger guard was removed. Although less than 30 left the factory, it became an after-market conversion for many gunsmiths. Colonels Rex Applegate and Charles Askins were proponents of this model.
Canada and United Kingdom.
In 1899 Canada acquired a number of New Service revolvers (chambered in .45 Colt) for Boer War service, to supplement its existing Model 1878 Colt Double Action revolvers in the same caliber. In 1904/5 the North-West Mounted Police in Canada also adopted the Colt New Service to replace the less-than satisfactory Enfield Mk II revolver in service since 1882.
New Service revolvers, designated as Pistol, Colt, .455-inch 5.5-inch barrel Mk. I, chambered for the .455 Webley cartridge were acquired for issue as "substitute standard" by the British War Department during World War I. British Empire Colt New Service Revolvers were stamped ""NEW SERVICE .455 ELEY"" on the barrel, to differentiate them from the .45 Colt versions used by the US (and Canada).
The Colt New Service was a popular revolver with British officers, and many of them had privately purchased their own Colt New Service revolvers in the years prior to World War I as an alternative to the standard-issue Webley Revolver. 60,000 Colt New Service revolvers were supplied to British Empire and Canadian forces during World War I, and they continued to see official service with US until the end of World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="19668833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668833" title="Jagannath, Nepal">
Jagannath, Nepal

Jagannath, Nepal may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19668852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668852" title="Shareholders' protection">
Shareholders' protection

Amid the time-consuming, complex business of running a company, scant attention is paid to what might happen if a shareholder dies, or becomes seriously ill.
In the interests of financial security, business stability, and continuity – particularly for private limited companies where there may only be a small number of principal shareholders – it is essential to provide a safety net following the loss of a shareholder:

</doc>
<doc id="19668875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668875" title="Queenie van de Zandt">
Queenie van de Zandt

Queenie van de Zandt is an Australian theatre actress, singer, comedian and writer.
Biography.
Born in Canberra to Dutch immigrants, van de Zandt attended St. Matthews Primary School and St Francis Xavier High School before graduating in the top 2% of her state at Daramalan College. She relocated to Sydney in 1992 and began her career performing in musicals and stage plays such as "Cabaret", "Les Misérables", "Anything Goes", "Threepenny Opera", "Furious", "Barmaids", "After January", and "The Boy from Oz". She has since worked extensively in musical theatre, plays, cabaret, on television and in film, as well as recording an album of original music. Alongside her career as a performer, van de Zandt also teaches in the field of audition technique and musical theatre performance and has held lecturing positions at the University of Ballarat Arts Academy, the Victorian College of the Arts and the NIDA Open Program.

</doc>
<doc id="19668886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668886" title="Helene Petersson">
Helene Petersson

Helene Petersson (born 1956) is a Swedish social democratic politician. She has been a member of the Riksdag since 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19668887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668887" title="Buffalo, Indiana">
Buffalo, Indiana

Buffalo is a census-designated place (CDP) in White County, Indiana, United States. The population was 672 at the 2000 census.
Geography.
Buffalo is located at (40.885501, -86.740858).
According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP has a total area of 2.5 square miles (6.6 km²), of which 2.4 square miles (6.2 km²) is land and 0.2 square mile (0.4 km²) (6.27%) is water.
Demographics.
As of the census of 2000, there were 672 people, 264 households, and 196 families residing in the CDP. The population density was 281.7 people per square mile (108.6/km²). There were 585 housing units at an average density of 245.3/sq mi (94.5/km²). The racial makeup of the CDP was 98.96% White, 0.89% from other races, and 0.15% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.38% of the population.
There were 264 households out of which 27.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.9% were married couples living together, 4.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.4% were non-families. 18.9% of all households were made up of individuals and 11.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 2.79.
In the CDP the population was spread out with 24.4% under the age of 18, 6.4% from 18 to 24, 27.2% from 25 to 44, 23.4% from 45 to 64, and 18.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females there were 104.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 107.3 males.
The median income for a household in the CDP was $29,583, and the median income for a family was $40,446. Males had a median income of $29,609 versus $14,423 for females. The per capita income for the CDP was $15,062. About 3.7% of families and 10.5% of the population were below the poverty line, including 13.4% of those under age 18 and 9.8% of those age 65 or over.

</doc>
<doc id="19668888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668888" title="Driven (disambiguation)">
Driven (disambiguation)

Driven is a 2001 movie starring Sylvester Stallone
Driven may also refer to:
In human behavior:
In music:
In television and film:
In other media:

</doc>
<doc id="19668889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668889" title="Digital Command Center">
Digital Command Center

The Digital Command Center was a very large remote control introduced for RCA's high-end television sets; in 1983 for the Colortrak 2000 and the SJT400 CED player and in 1984 for the Dimensia Lyceum TV sets. The main feature of the Digital Command Center was that it was universal amongst many RCA components, including VCRs, CED players, tuners, amplifiers, CD players, etc., on top of controlling the monitor itself. The Digital Command Center took four AA batteries to power, which is understandable, considering its extensive and ahead-of-its time functionality. 
The initial Digital Command Center released in 1984 with the Dimensia system, the CRK35A, had 52 buttons, had onboard memory, and weighed nearly a pound with its batteries.
In 1985, RCA released the Digital Command Component System, an all audio system that was compatible with all Dimensia audio components, which also used the Digital Command Center remote. The idea of this system was to have the full functionality of the Dimensia's sound system without the need of a Dimensia monitor. 
Dimensia Intelligent Audio Video and Dimensia Digital Control.
"See also: RCA Dimensia"
In Dimensia television systems, the remote was called "Dimensia Intelligent Audio Video" or "Dimensia Digital Control" because all of the components were integrated so that the remote could activate the entire system with the touch of one button by communicating with the built-in computer found in the Dimensia monitor via the black control jack found on all Dimensia components. This remote had 8 device keys on it; TV, VCR, VID2 (DISC), AUX, AM/FM, PHON, TAPE, and CD. Since the CED Player intended to be released with the Dimensia system in 1984 was cancelled, the VID2 button and the ability to control the CED Players was absent from later remotes. 
In 1987, the Dimensia Intelligent Audio Video was replaced with a wedge-shaped remote (CRK45A) shown at the bottom of the picture above.

</doc>
<doc id="19668900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668900" title="Romero (disambiguation)">
Romero (disambiguation)

Romero is a surname of Spanish origin.
Romero may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19668911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668911" title="Lombard regional election, 2005">
Lombard regional election, 2005

The Lombard regional election of 2005 took place on 3–4 April 2005. The 8th term of the Regional Council was chosen.
Roberto Formigoni (Forza Italia) was re-elected for the third time in a row President, defeating Riccardo Sarfatti.
Electoral law.
Lombardy uses national "Tatarella Law" of 1995 to elect its Council, not having wrote its own legislation. Sixty-four councillors are elected in provincial constituencies by proportional representation using the largest remainder method with a Droop quota and open lists; remained seats and votes are grouped at regional level where a Hare quota is used, and then distributed to provincial party lists.
Sixteen councillors are elected at-large using a general ticket: parties are grouped in alliances, and the alliance which receives a plurality of votes elects all its candidates, its leader becoming the President of Lombardy. If a coalition wins more than 50% of the total seats in the Council with PR, only 8 candidates from the regional list will be chosen and the number of those elected in provincial constituencies will be 72; if the winning alliance receives less than 50% of votes, special seats are added to the Council to ensure a large majority for the President's coalition.
Council apportionment.
According to the official 2001 Italian census, the 64 Council seats which must be covered by proportional representation were so distributed between Lombard provinces.
It must be underlined that this allocation is not fixed. Remained seats and votes after proportional distribution, are all grouped at regional level and divided by party lists. The consequent division of these seats at provincial level usually change the original apportionment. Only 37 seats were directly assigned at provincial level, and the final distribution between provinces changed in this way.
As it can be seen, the Province of Sondrio remained without representation.
Results.
2005 election led to the return to the guide of the Region, for its third consecutive term, Communion and Liberation's Roberto Formigoni, supported by the center-right coalition.
If the mechanisms of electoral law generated a Regional Council very similar to the incumbent one, popular vote marked a significant reduction in the gap between the two sides, which was almost halved. The same plurality party, Forza Italia, decreased of more than four hundred preferences. The election was also the test for a list that led, within two years, to the national foundation of a new political entity, the Democratic Party.
Forza Italia was confirmed as the largest party in the region with 26.0% of the vote, despite a decline in term of votes, while Lega Nord took the 15.8% and The Olive Tree, an alliance comprising The Daisy and the Democrats of the Left, the 27.1%.
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=left rowspan=2 valign=bottom|Candidates
!colspan="3" align="center" valign=top|Regional lists
!colspan="5" align="center" valign=top|Provincial lists
!colspan="2" align="center" valign=top|Total
!rowspan="5" align="left" valign="top"|Roberto Formigoni
!rowspan="6" align="left" valign="top"|Riccardo Sarfatti
!rowspan="2" align="left" valign="top"|Gianmario Invernizzi
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Marco Marsili
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Total candidates
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|5,276,871
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|100.0
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|17
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Total parties
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|4,384,561
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|100.0
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|=
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|63
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|80
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|80

</doc>
<doc id="19668943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668943" title="Blackmoor, Hampshire">
Blackmoor, Hampshire

Blackmoor is a village in the East Hampshire district of Hampshire, England. It lies about 1.5 miles (2.5 km) southwest of Bordon, just west of the A325 road.
The nearest railway station is 3.4 miles (5.4 km) south of the village, at Liss.

</doc>
<doc id="19668949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668949" title="Pipalkot">
Pipalkot

Pipalkot may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19668964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668964" title="Wilde (disambiguation)">
Wilde (disambiguation)

Wilde is a surname.
Wilde may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19668969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668969" title="Raniban">
Raniban

Raniban may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19668976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19668976" title="Football in Uruguay">
Football in Uruguay

Football is the most popular sport in Uruguay. The Uruguay national football team has won two FIFA World Cup titles and reached three additional semifinals. The national team won the first edition of the tournament in 1930, and won it again in 1950.
History.
The sport was first introduced by British immigrants and expatriates in the 19th century. Some references say that the game had been introduced in 1880, at the English High School by Henry Castle Ayre. Henry Castle Ayre was born in Bedminster in March 1852. The first Uruguayan club team (Albion FC) was established at Montevideo, by an English teacher at the William Leslie Poole School in 1882. Uruguay is a country with a population that currently does not exceed more than four million, and features a large concentration of professional football teams in the city of Montevideo. The two biggest club teams in the country's Primera División are Peñarol, which was established in 1891 (as Central Uruguay Railway Cricket Club -CURCC-, until 1913, when changed to the present name), and Nacional, founded in 1899.
National team.
The Uruguayan national team have won more international tournaments than any other country. In the Copa América, they are the most successful team, having won 15 titles. Uruguay won the first FIFA World Cup in 1930, defeating fierce rivals Argentina in the final. In 1950, they won their second World Cup, defeating Brazil in the Maracanã in the final game. They have also won two Olympic gold medals in 1924 and 1928. Finally they also won the Mundialito in 1980 - a competition in Montevideo for all of the countries that had ever won the World Cup.
Between 1970 and 2010, they failed to reach the semi-finals of the FIFA World Cup, until the 2010 FIFA World Cup, when they finished fourth.
Club football.
Club football in Uruguay is dominated by two big Montevideo clubs, Peñarol/CURCC and Nacional. Penarol combined with CURCC have won the Uruguayan Primera División 48 times, and Nacional 44 times, since it began in 1900. These clubs have won 3 times each the Intercontinental Cup also been successful in South American competition, with Nacional having won the Copa Interamericana twice and Copa Libertadores three times, and Peñarol having conquered Copa Libertadores five times. Recently; 2011 Peñarol reached to the finals, and fell against Brazilian Santos FC.
Matches between Peñarol and Nacional are termed the Uruguayan Clásico. The longest lasting football derby outside Great Britain.
Most other clubs in top division are also from Montevideo. In the 2010–11 Uruguayan Primera División season, only one club, Tacuarembó came from outside the capital. Nowadays (2011–12) Cerro Largo is the only department that is represented in Uruguay's First Division.
Many Uruguayan footballers have been successful in European football, including current players Luis Suárez, Edinson Cavani, and Diego Forlán, who has had a successful career in Spain with Atlético Madrid, where he won both the European Golden Shoe and Pichichi Trophy twice.

</doc>
<doc id="19669000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19669000" title="Salleri">
Salleri

Saleri may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19669027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19669027" title="Helén Pettersson">
Helén Pettersson

Helén Pettersson (born 1972) is a Swedish Social Democratic politician. She has been a member of the Riksdag since 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19669030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19669030" title="William Maxwell (journalist)">
William Maxwell (journalist)

William Maxwell (18__ - 1928) was a British journalist, soldier, writer and civil servant.
War correspondent.
Maxwell was a war correspondent for the London "Standard", covering the Anglo-Egyptian victory at Battle of Omdurman (1898).
He forwarded reports to London from South Africa throughout the Second Boer War (1899–1902). He survived enteric fever and reported the Siege of Ladysmith. He followed Lord Roberts' campaign from the capture of Bloemfontein through battles at Lydenberg and the Komatipoort.
In 1905, he resigned from the "Standard," becoming a foreign correspondent for the London "Daily Mail" during the Russo-Japanese War (1904–1905).
Prior to the outbreak of the Great War in Europe, he covered the Balkan War (1912).
During World War I, he reported the First Battle of the Marne (September 1914) for the London "Daily Telegraph." Shortly afterwards, he enlisted with the rank of captain and assignment to the general staff.
Military Censor.
As the Chief Field Censor on the staff of General Sir Ian Hamilton in the Gallipoli campaign (April–December 1915), Captain Maxwell played a central and crucial role in the unsuccessful attempt to mitigate reports about events unfolding in the Dardanelles and on the Turkish coast in 1915.
Press correspondents at Gallipoli were required to submit all their writing to Captain William Maxwell, whose approval was necessary under regulations drawn up by and enforced by the British Army. Although many later questioned the level of censorship at Gallipoli, most accepted the censorship as an essential element of wartime reporting. Gallipoli's geographic isolation made Maxwell's task was made easier by the isolation of the area that he oversaw. The Gallipoli campaign was fought on the edge of a virtually uninhabited mountain range. The only way to cable messages from Gallipoli was through the official channels.
After the Great War.
Maxwell was knighted by the King in 1919.

</doc>
<doc id="19669044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19669044" title="Haman (disambiguation)">
Haman (disambiguation)

Haman is a given name and a surname.
Haman may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19669098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19669098" title="Lombard regional election, 2000">
Lombard regional election, 2000

The Lombard regional election of 2000 took place on 16 April 2000. The 7th term of the Regional Council was chosen.
Roberto Formigoni (Forza Italia) was re-elected for the second time in a row President, defeating Mino Martinazzoli (Italian People's Party). His re-election resulted in a landslide, as this time he was supported also by Lega Nord.
Electoral law.
Lombardy uses national "Tatarella Law" of 1995 to elect its Council. Sixty-four councillors are elected in provincial constituencies by proportional representation using the largest remainder method with a Droop quota and open lists; remained seats and votes are grouped at regional level where a Hare quota is used, and then distributed to provincial party lists.
Sixteen councillors are elected at-large using a general ticket: parties are grouped in alliances, and the alliance which receives a plurality of votes elects all its candidates, its leader becoming the President of Lombardy. If a coalition wins more than 50% of the total seats in the Council with PR, only 8 candidates from the regional list will be chosen and the number of those elected in provincial constituencies will be 72; if the winning alliance receives less than 50% of votes, special seats are added to the Council to ensure a large majority for the President's coalition.
Council apportionment.
According to the official 1991 Italian census, the 64 Council seats which must be covered by proportional representation were so distributed between Lombard provinces.
The allocation is not fixed. Remaining seats and votes after proportional distribution, are all grouped at regional level and divided by party lists. The consequent division of these seats at provincial level usually change the original apportionment. Only 43 seats were directly assigned at provincial level, and the final distribution between provinces changed in this way.
As it can be seen, the landslide victory of the House of Freedoms caused the distribution of seven more seats to the oppositions at provincial level. Bergamo and Varese received two new seats, Cremona and Lodi and Sondrio one each.
Results.
1999 European election marked a turning point in relations between Forza Italia and the Northern League. Silvio Berlusconi's attempt to destroy the League by a media campaign aimed at shifting protesting votes to the Radical Party, succeeded only in part: the consensus of the federalist movement had fallen so sharply, but not enough to ensure the coalition of the Knight from possible disasters like the 1996 election. In addition, the assembly works in Parliament had highlighted a growing programmatic convergence between the two major Lombard parties. And so, in view of the 2001 general election, Berlusconi and Umberto Bossi put aside the old, and even bloody quarrels, and formed a new coalition: the House of Freedoms, which found in the regional elections its first test.
The combination of what were the major forces of regional politics, securing a safe and agile reappointment to the Communion and Liberation's incumbent President, Roberto Formigoni, which ensured stability of the Regional Cabinet that the new regulations wanted to coincide in term with the legislature. Forza Italia was confirmed as the largest party in the region with an historic 34% of the vote, while Lega Nord was the second largest party with 15%. The Olive Tree, an alliance comprising several centre-left parties including the Italian People's Party, the Democrats of the Left, The Democrats, the Federation of the Greens and Italian Renewal, which here run in a single list for the first time in Italian history, had a great shock losing a fifth of its votes, falling at only 20%.
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=left rowspan=2 valign=bottom|Candidates
!colspan="3" align="center" valign=top|Regional lists
!colspan="5" align="center" valign=top|Provincial lists
!colspan="2" align="center" valign=top|Total
!rowspan="7" align="left" valign="top"|Roberto Formigoni
!rowspan="3" align="left" valign="top"|Mino Martinazzoli
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Benedetto Della Vedova
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Nerio Nesi
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Giorgio Schultze
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Total candidates
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|5,380,581
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|100.0
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|9
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Total parties
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|4,555,646
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|100.0
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|=
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|71
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|80
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|80

</doc>
<doc id="19669150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19669150" title="Limousin (disambiguation)">
Limousin (disambiguation)

Limousin can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19669163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19669163" title="Cecily G. and the Nine Monkeys">
Cecily G. and the Nine Monkeys

Cecily G. and the Nine Monkeys is a 1939 children's short story written and illustrated by German-Brazilian author H.A. Rey. It is the first story to include Rey's now-famous character, Curious George. When it was first published in France, Cecily's original name was "Rafi"; "Raffy" when it was first published in the UK. But when it appeared in the US the character was renamed "Cecily".
Synopsis.
The story follows the exploits of Cecily Giraffe, or simply "Cecily G." for short. She is saddened by the loss of her fellow jungle animals and family, all of whom had been captured and placed in a zoo. 
In another section of the jungle lived a female monkey named Mother Pamplemoose. She and her eight offspring were left homeless by the loss of all the trees in their forest due to woodcutters. It is here the character of Curious George is introduced, who declares that it is time for the family to pack their belongings and move on.
Eventually, the monkeys can go no further due to a deep ravine. It is baby Jinny, the youngest monkey, who notices the dejected Cecily G. on the other side of the ravine. Cecily G. notices the monkeys as well, immediately stops crying and asks the monkeys if they would like to cross. To assist them in crossing, Cecily G. leaps forward across the divide, bridging it with her body. 
Curious George is the first monkey to cross and introduces the family to their rescuer. When each learns of the other's plight, Cecily invites the monkeys to stay and live with her.
The climax occurs when a fire breaks out in the upper floors of Cecily's tall, giraffe-shaped house. The monkeys work as a team with Cecily; two of the strongest monkeys work an emergency water pump while the remaining six guide the hose to the top of Cecily's neck, using her height to reach the fire.
That incident cements the bond of friendship, so much so that James, one of the young monkeys, composes a song in Cecily's honor. The final page of the book features the lyrics and musical notation of the song with the monkeys serving as notes and Cecily as the treble clef. 
Publishing history.
The first edition was published by Gallimard in Paris in 1939. Three years later, an English version was published by Chatto & Windus in London.
The story's most recent English printing was in 2007 by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt.

</doc>
<doc id="19669195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19669195" title="Konkani (disambiguation)">
Konkani (disambiguation)

Konkani may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19669201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19669201" title="Maccabi Ironi Bat Yam F.C.">
Maccabi Ironi Bat Yam F.C.

Maccabi Ironi Bat Yam () is an Israeli football club based in Bat Yam. The club is currently in Liga Alef and plays at the 3,100-capacity Bat Yam Municipal Stadium.
History.
The club was formed in 2004 by a merger of Hapoel Bat Yam and Maccabi Bat Yam and was placed in the South A division of Liga Bet. In its first season, the club won the division, and was promoted to Liga Alef. In 2007-08 they won the South division of Liga Alef, and were promoted to Liga Artzit.
In 2008-09, the club was promoted to Liga Leumit, the second tier. In 2011-12 the club finished third bottom and relegated to Liga Alef.

</doc>
<doc id="19669215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19669215" title="Ameyal">
Ameyal

Ameyal is a brand of fruit sodas available only in Toluca and Cuernavaca and Mexico df . Ameyal was formerly owned by Coordinación Industrial Mexicana (CIMSA), a Coca-Cola bottling company in Toluca and Cuernavaca.and Mexico df In 2008 Ameyal was acquired by The Coca-Cola Company. There was also a Club Soda version of Ameyal but it was also acquired by Coca-Cola and renamed to Ciel Mineralizada.

</doc>
<doc id="19669217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19669217" title="Eva Sonidsson">
Eva Sonidsson

Eva Sonidsson (born 1955) is a Swedish social democratic politician. She has been a member of the Riksdag since 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19669233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19669233" title="Amy Suiter">
Amy Suiter

Amy Suiter was an interim head coach of the Texas Tech Red Raiders softball team for the 2009 season. She formerly served as an assistant under head coach Teresa Wilson. She played college softball at the University of Washington. Suiter was relieved of her duties on May 18, 2009, and later replaced by Shanon Hays.
References.
She is now currently the WWU softball coach

</doc>
<doc id="19669271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19669271" title="Multiple Choice (album)">
Multiple Choice (album)

Multiple Choice is the debut album by Argentine rock band Pork. The only single off the album is "Akira" which found considerable radio airplay upon release and video rotation.

</doc>
<doc id="19669375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19669375" title="Won-il Rhee">
Won-il Rhee

Won-il Rhee (Korean: 李圆一, 2 November 1960 – 11 January 2011) was a Korean digital art curator. He was born and died in Seoul.
Rhee was the artistic director in 2002 and 2006 of the "Media City Seoul" Biennale. He was the leading curator of the Total Museum of Art and co-ordinator of the Korean Pavilion for the 1995 Venice Biennale. Also, he served as executive head of the exhibition team for the Third Gwangju Biennale.
From 1996 to 2002 he was head curator at the Sung-Kok Museum of Art and in 2002 he was appointed artistic director of the "Media City Seoul Biennale". In 2003 he became chief curator at the Seoul Museum of Art. He also served as the Asian Editor for Flash Art based in Milan and New York City.
Curatorial projects.
On January 11, 2011, Rhee died suddenly of a heart attack.

</doc>
<doc id="19669395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19669395" title="Meaghan Morris">
Meaghan Morris

Meaghan Morris (born 1950) is a renowned Australian scholar of cultural studies. She is the Chair Professor and Head of Department in the Department of Cultural Studies at Lingnan University in Hong Kong and Professor of Gender and Cultural Studies at the University of Sydney. 
Born in Tenterfield, New South Wales, Morris was raised in Newcastle, New South Wales. Morris enrolled in a B.A. program in English and French at the University of Sydney. In Sydney, she met John Flaus, a film theorist and actor famous who would became a significant influence in the development of Australian cultural studies. She also became engaged in the work of British feminist scholar Juliet Mitchell and gave seminars on Mitchell's book "Psychoanalysis and Feminism" while pursuing an MLitt from the University of Paris-VIII on a French government scholarship between 1976 and 1978. Morris completed her dissertation on Madame de Tencin, a salonniere from the first half of the eighteenth century. 
Upon returning to Australia, Morris published two edited volumes informed by her intellectual experiences in France and also featuring English translations of work by Jean Baudrillard, Gilles Deleuze, Félix Guattari, Luce Irigaray, and Michel Foucault. She later received a Ph.D. at the University of Technology, Sydney, where she wrote her dissertation on the subject of history in popular culture. In 1995, she and anthropologist Stephen Muecke started "The UTS Review", which in 2002 became "Cultural Studies Review". Around this same time, Morris left for Hong Kong to take up the post of professorial chair at Lingnan University. In 2009 she joined the Department of Gender and Cultural Studies at the University of Sydney and now works half the year in Hong Kong and half in Australia.
In addition to teaching and writing, Morris now serves as a Senior Editor of "TRACES", a multi-lingual journal of cultural theory published by Hong Kong University Press. She also serves on the editorial boards of more than twenty journals, including "Cultural Studies Review", "Qualitative Inquiry", and "Public Culture", 

</doc>
<doc id="19669398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19669398" title="Fictionwise">
Fictionwise

Fictionwise, owned by Barnes & Noble, was one of the largest electronic book sellers in North America with an estimated 1.5 million ebook content units sold in 2008. Fictionwise sold both encrypted and unencrypted ebooks in various formats (including Mobipocket, ePub, and eReader) that were compatible with computers as well as a wide range of Smartphones, PDAs, and eBook devices.
In November 2012, almost four years after being acquired by Barnes & Noble, the company announced that it was "winding down its business".
History.
The website Fictionwise.com was launched on June 5, 2000, as a partnership between J. Stephen Pendergrast and Mindwise Media, LLC, which is owned by his brother R. Scott Pendergrast. The success of Fictionwise led to it being spun out of Mindwise Media into a separate company in October 2000.
On January 1, 2008, Fictionwise acquired the eReader business unit of Motricity, Inc. eReader was one of the oldest ebook sellers, originally starting under the name Peanut Press and later renamed Palm Reader when owned by Palm, Inc. By acquiring eReader, Fictionwise nearly doubled in revenue.
After the eReader acquisition, Fictionwise immediately began expanding platform coverage of the eReader eBook format to include three more recent versions of the Symbian operating system, newer Mac OS X operating system, iPhone and iPod touch platforms. They also made the "Pro" versions of eReader software free, and developed the first mobile-friendly version of the eReader.com commerce site. In December 2008 Fictionwise licensed the eReader format to Lexcycle, who integrated it into their Stanza ebook reader for iPhone. Fictionwise indicated that additional licensing deals were in progress. Fictionwise released a Blackberry beta version of eReader on March 11, 2009. The company also developed an Android version of eReader.
On March 5, 2009, Fictionwise was acquired by Barnes & Noble for $15.7 million in cash (plus the potential for earn-outs). Barnes & Noble said it planned to use Fictionwise as part of its overall digital strategy, which included the launch of an e-Bookstore later that year.
In March 2010, Fictionwise discontinued its "Buywise Club" which, in exchange for a membership fee, had offered discounted pricing for all their ebooks.
On November 15, 2012, Fictionwise announced it would "wind down its operation" on December 4, 2012, and that US customers would lose download access to their purchased books on December 21, 2012, non-US customers on January 31, 2013. US and UK customers were offered the option to transfer their customer account, including their purchased e-books, to a user account for Barnes & Noble's Nook.

</doc>
<doc id="19669402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19669402" title="Mark Benson (engineer)">
Mark Benson (engineer)

Mark Benson (born Mark Müller) was a Bohemian German engineer, best known as the inventor of a supercritical boiler.
Benson was born in the Sudetenland, and his original name was Müller (he changed his name during World War I to hide his German origin). He emigrated to the United States, then returned to Europe to work for the English Electric Company in Rugby. For "English Electric" he designed a relatively small steam generator (3 tons/hr), but with—for the time—very high pressure (supercritical) and without any drum. In 1922 Benson was granted a patent for this type of boiler.
In 1924, Siemens acquired the right to use Benson's patent, and in 1926–27 built the first large Benson boiler in Berlin-Gartenfeld. Siemens improved the technology and developed it as an internationally acknowledged standard for large steam generators. Since 1933 (until today) Siemens do not manufacture their own Benson boilers any more, but instead license the technology to others. 
After his patent, Mark Benson did not make any further public appearances, but Siemens continued to use "Benson" as a registered trademark for this successful type of boiler, so the name is renowned worldwide in boiler engineering, although relatively little is known about the inventor behind it.

</doc>
<doc id="19669448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19669448" title="Puzz-ominos">
Puzz-ominos

Puzz-ominos is a tile game, where the goal is to score the most points by placing tiles made up up 3-5 squares in different patterns and trying to touch as many squares on your opponents pieces as possible. It was published by Winning Moves Games USA in 2008 and is the third of three games in their Brain-Ade line of quick puzzle games and features both multiplayer and solitaire versions.
Game play.
The goal of the game is to score the most points after each player has played 13 tiles (the start player gets to play 14, but the first tile they play doesn't score them anything and is just to start the game). Players start by each taking on color of tiles and choosing a start player and a scorekeeper. On their turn, a player chooses one of their tiles and places it so that it is touching one of their previously played pieces orthogonally (this rule is changed for the first tile played by each player and requires only that it touch an opponent's tile). Players then score points based on the number of squares on their opponent's pieces that the tile just placed is touching. In addition, the player scores bonus points if they create an empty space of size 1-2 squares that is then fully surrounded by tiles. The player then scores an additional point for each empty space they enclose. If the tile played says "Free Turn" on it and it was the first tile played by a player that turn, the player may play a second tile that turn. Players continue playing out tiles until the last player who would play has one tile left. That tile goes unused. The player with the most points wins.
The solitaire version of the game plays much differently and is more of a logic puzzle, where the player attempts to fit one set of pieces into a set grid size (12x5, for example).

</doc>
<doc id="19669452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19669452" title="Magdalena Streijffert">
Magdalena Streijffert

Magdalena Streijffert (born 1977) is a Swedish social democratic politician. She was a member of the Riksdag between 2006 and 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19669457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19669457" title="Caerleon Endowed Infants School">
Caerleon Endowed Infants School

Caerleon Endowed Infants School is an endowed school situated in Caerleon on the outskirts of the city of Newport, south-east Wales. It shares facilities with Caerleon Endowed Junior School as a sister school.
Facilities.
The school enjoys a large hall serving as an assembly point, a large field and three sectioned playgrounds - one of which, for nursery children, is gated for security - and a canteen.

</doc>
<doc id="19669460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19669460" title="Arab Towns Organization">
Arab Towns Organization

The Arab Towns Organization (ATO) is a network which exists to develop cooperation between Arab cities in order to promote their development, while preserving their Arab identity. It was set up on 15 March 1967.
Membership is open to municipalities, from Arab nations, other institutions with related activities and interested individuals. Member cities, according to the website (in 2008), come from the following countries : Algeria, Bahrain, Comoros, Djibouti, Egypt, Iraq, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Libya, Mauritania, Morocco, Oman, Palestine, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Somalia, Sudan, Syria, Tunisia, United Arab Emirates and Yemen.
There are several related institutions, including a Development Fund for Arab Cities, which began life in 1979, and the Arab Urban Development Institute which started up in 1980, describing itself as ‘the scientific and technical wing of the ATO’.
ATO is one of the main partners in the Euro-Arab Forum, which has organised conferences in Dubai (2008) and Malaga (2011). The other partners are COPPEM, CEMR and the Congress of the Council of Europe.
ATO is based in Kuwait City.
P.O.Box :68160 Kaifan 71962 Kuwait
Tel : 24849705 / 24849706 / 24849708 / 24849625
The current ATO Secretary General (2011) is Abdulaziz al-Adasani. He was re-elected in 2010 for another three-year term, at the 15th ATO General Assembly in Kuwait (October 2010). A decision was taken at this meeting to hold the 16th Assembly in Aleppo in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19669462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19669462" title="Awal Parajul">
Awal Parajul

Awal Parajul is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3114 people living in 513 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19669479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19669479" title="Playa Cardz Right">
Playa Cardz Right

"Playa Cardz Right" is a song by R&B singer Keyshia Cole released as the lead single from her third album "A Different Me". It features late rapper 2Pac. The song is also featured on 2Pac's 2006 album "Pac's Life". It was originally recorded during the All Eyez On Me sessions in 1995.
The song is produced by Ron Fair and Carvin & Ivan. The music video premiered on BET's Access Granted on October 30, 2008.
Original version and remixes.
The song was originally produced by Johnny J and features Hurt-M-Badd, Big Syke, Mopreme Shakur, Yaki Kadafi & E.D.I.. It can be found on numerous 2Pac mixtapes. It can also be found on Mopreme Shakur's mixtape "Evolution Of A Thug Life N.I.G.G.A. Vol. 1.1.", omitting Yaki Kadafi & E.D.I..'s verses. There is another version of the original version that leaked online & mixtapes, that version replaces Hurt-M-Badd with singer Michel'le.
There is a remix that features 2Pac's friend & Outlawz member Hussein Fatal with Keyshia Cole & 2Pac.
As a part of an iTunes download for Cole's album A Different Me, a no-rap version was released as a bonus track. Omitting 2Pac's vocals, it featured a new lead verse by Cole.

</doc>
<doc id="19669525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19669525" title="Indian Ocean in World War II">
Indian Ocean in World War II

The Indian Ocean had long been an important maritime trade route between European nations and their colonial territories in East Africa, the Arabian Peninsula, British India, Indochina, the East Indies (Indonesia), and Australia. Naval presence was dominated by the Royal Navy Eastern Fleet and the Royal Australian Navy as World War II began with a major portion of the Royal Netherlands Navy operating in the Dutch East Indies and the Red Sea Flotilla of the Italian "Regia Marina" operating from Massawa.
Axis naval forces gave a high priority to disrupting Allied Indian Ocean trade. Initial anti-shipping measures of unrestricted submarine warfare and covert raiding ships expanded to include airstrikes by aircraft carriers and raids by cruisers of the Imperial Japanese Navy. A "Kriegsmarine" "Monsun Gruppe" of U-boats operated from the eastern Indian Ocean after the Persian Corridor became an important military supply route to the Soviet Union.
Chronology.
1940.
The "Regia Marina" Red Sea Flotilla based at Massawa provided a focal point for Indian Ocean naval activity following Italian declaration of war on 10 June 1940; although sustained Indian Ocean patrols of "Kriegsmarine" merchant raiders required defensive dispersion of Allied cruisers after May.
1941.
Early focus was Allied neutralization and capture of "Regia Marina" African naval bases, followed by invasions of Iraq in April and Iran in August to displace governments perceived as friendly to the Axis powers. Later Allied focus was on destruction of "Kriegsmarine" commerce raiders and moving troops to defend against anticipated Japanese expansion into southeast Asia.
1942.
Japanese submarine cruisers (I-boats) began patrolling the Indian Ocean during the Dutch East Indies campaign. Following the attack on Pearl Harbor, the "Kido Butai" fast carrier task force raided Darwin, Australia to cover the invasion of Timor and raided Ceylon to cover transport of Japanese troops to Rangoon. "Kriegsmarine" merchant raiders were less able to avoid Allied patrols; but the battle of the Atlantic spilled over into the Indian Ocean around Cape Agulhas as German Type IX submarines began patrolling the east coast of Africa.
1943.
Axis submarine patrols of Indian Ocean trade routes were expanded with establishment of a "Kriegsmarine" base in Penang as Allied anti-submarine patrols became increasingly effective in the Atlantic. Allied submarines and aircraft began patrolling the Strait of Malacca and Andaman Sea to intercept shipping supporting Japanese forces in Burma.
1944.
Use of Ultra intelligence information increased successful interceptions by Allied submarines and reduced Axis resupply opportunities in the Indian Ocean. Surrender of the "Regia Marina" and destruction of "Kriegsmarine" battleships made Royal Navy aircraft carriers available for raids of the Andaman Sea.
1945.
Allied focus was on amphibious operations along the Burma coast of the Andaman Sea. Axis submarine operations were restricted by fuel shortage and maintenance difficulties.

</doc>
<doc id="19669528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19669528" title="Titan yellow">
Titan yellow

Titan yellow is a compound with formula C28H19N5Na2O6S4. It is a triazene dye used as a stain and fluorescent indicator in microscopy. It is also used as a reagent for the detection of magnesium. As an acid-base indicator, it changes color from yellow to red between pH 12 and pH 13.

</doc>
<doc id="19669541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19669541" title="Stephen (disambiguation)">
Stephen (disambiguation)

Stephen is a masculine given name.
Stephen may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19669545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19669545" title="Dinner at the Ritz">
Dinner at the Ritz

Dinner at the Ritz is a 1937 British, black-and-white, mystery romance film, directed by Harold D. Schuster and starring David Niven, Annabella, Raymond Huntley and Ronald Shiner as Sydney, the Porter. It was produced by New World Pictures.
Synopsis.
The daughter of a murdered banker is traveling in disguise while she tracks those among her father's colleagues who looted his bank, and plotted against him by arranging his murder.
A very well respected financier is murdered and his business is ruined. The ensuing scandal takes his daughter on a circuitous journey to solve the mystery of his death, find the stolen money, clear her father's name and bring his killer to justice.

</doc>
<doc id="19669569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19669569" title="Midtown Crossing at Turner Park">
Midtown Crossing at Turner Park

Midtown Crossing at Turner Park is a million square-foot, seven-building, mixed-use development located in Midtown Omaha, Nebraska. Its borders are 31st to 33rd streets and Dodge to Harney streets. Downtown Omaha is to the east and the University of Nebraska Medical Center campus, as well as the headquarters for Mutual of Omaha, Berkshire Hathaway and Kiewit corporations are all located directly west of the development. Midtown Crossing at Turner Park is one of the largest initiatives of Destination Midtown, a collaborative community partnership aimed at developing Midtown Omaha back to its original prominence. 
The official opening was May 19, 2010. 
This new urban development combines condos and apartments with retail, dining, and entertainment all built around of green space known as Turner Park. There are over 400 total apartments and condos among four buildings. The development includes an Element by Westin Hotel, grocery store, movie cinema, fitness club, and several regional and national retail and dining establishments. The development is also home to two new business concepts, Callahan Financial Planning and The Grey Plume. As of September 2010 seventy-five percent of Midtown Crossing is leased with 21 retailers. In July 2010 Turner Park took over as host of Omaha's annual Jazz on the Green festival which had been held at the Joslyn Art Museum for the previous 25 years.
Midtown Crossing at Turner Park is owned by East Campus Realty, a subsidiary of Mutual of Omaha. It is being developed and designed by ECI Investment Advisors in conjunction with Holland Basham Architects and Cope Linder Architects.
Green Initiative.
Midtown Crossing at Turner Park is the only development in Nebraska or Iowa that is participating in the U.S. Green Building Council’s LEED (LEED) Pilot Neighborhood Development Certification Program. LEED is a program that recognizes projects that reduce urban sprawl and enhance the quality of life in their communities.

</doc>
<doc id="19669573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19669573" title="British Women's Ice Hockey Friendship Tournament">
British Women's Ice Hockey Friendship Tournament

The British Women's Ice Hockey Friendship Tournament has been running for 16 consecutive years every June in Swindon, Wiltshire, United Kingdom at the Link Centre.
Overview.
The tournament is currently organised by English Becci Hargreves, Michael Armstrong and their team of helpers from Swindon.

</doc>
<doc id="19669603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19669603" title="Lufeng County">
Lufeng County

Lufeng County (禄丰县; pinyin: Lùfēng Xiàn) is located in Chuxiong Yi Autonomous Prefecture, Yunnan province, China.

</doc>
<doc id="19669605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19669605" title="Tenno (disambiguation)">
Tenno (disambiguation)

Tennō is a Japanese word for the Emperor of Japan.
Tenno may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19669613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19669613" title="Bada Bhairab">
Bada Bhairab

Bada Bhairab is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2316 people living in 419 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19669621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19669621" title="Cine Blitz">
Cine Blitz

Cine Blitz is a Hindi film magazine published every month in India. It is based in Mumbai.
"Cine Blitz" belongs to the VJM Media Group, promoted by Dr. Vijay Mallya. It was originally started by Rifa Publications, headed by Russy Karanjia and publishers of the popular political weekly "Blitz". His daughter Rita Mehta was the first editor-in-chief of the magazine. Currently, Nichola Pais is the editor of "Cine Blitz".
History.
"Cine Blitz" was launched by Russy Karanjia's Rifa Publications in February 1975,and his daughter Rita Mehta became the first editor-in-chief of the magazine. The first issue of Cine Blitz had Zeenat Aman on the cover. To give the new magazine "a flying start," Rita Mehta approached Protima Bedi and asked her to do a streak run across Mumbai, first at Flora Fountain and then at Juhu Beach. Pictures of it would be carried in the inside pages of the inaugural edition.
The ensuing controversy forced the magazine to then (falsely) claim that the naked run was actually shot in Goa and later superimposed on images of Mumbai. However, the goal of popularising the new magazine was achieved and "Cine Blitz" went on to become one of India's leading film and gossip magazines for years to come. Its attitude was reflected in its rather tongue-in-cheek tagline of "C to Z of Hindi Films - Everyone covers AB".
In 2001, Dr. Vijay Mallya acquired a 100 percent stake in Rifa Publications in two phases. After the takeover, Rifa Publications was rechristened as the VJM Media Group. However, Rita Mehta continued to be the editor-in-chief. In the years to follow, the group went on to add three more magazines to its banner - "Hi! Blitz", "OK! India" and "Hi! Living".
The year 2003 saw Cine Blitz going international with the launch of its US and UK editions. And in 2006, Rita Mehta was replaced as editor-in-chief by Nishi Prem, the former editor of "Stardust".

</doc>
<doc id="19669640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19669640" title="Bodie Hills">
Bodie Hills

The Bodie Hills are a low mountain range in Mono County, California, is where the mining district and town of Bodie, California is located. The Hills are between Bridgeport and the Nevada border, where they become the Bodie Mountains in Mineral County, Nevada. The Sierra Nevada (U.S.) Range towers to the west.
Early Native American peoples of the Mono tribe and Northern Paiute people inhabited this locale and engaged in trade with distant coastal tribes such as the Chumash in Southern California.
Bodie State Historic Park.
The mining town of Bodie, California is now in Bodie State Historic Park, a preserved ghost town, designated a National Historic Landmark and a park within the California Department of Parks and Recreation system in 1963 for public touring. Roads to Bodie and it beyond allow ease of exploring the Bodie Mountains.

</doc>
<doc id="19669646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19669646" title="1975–76 DFB-Pokal">
1975–76 DFB-Pokal

The DFB-Pokal 1975–76 was the 33rd season of the competition. It began on 1 August 1975 and ended on 26 June 1976. 128 teams competed in the tournament of seven rounds. In the final Hamburg defeated Kaiserslautern 2–0.

</doc>
<doc id="19669652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19669652" title="Bada Khola">
Bada Khola

Bada Khola is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2201 people living in 402 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19669671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19669671" title="CJ Tingler">
CJ Tingler

CJ Tingler is a fictional character from Kenneth Tynan's "Oh! Calcutta!", born on December 17, 1942.
Storylines.
CJ Tingler was a barely noted character in Kenneth Tynan's Oh! Calcutta!play. He never met success in life, and found himself always torn between playing music for a living and attending a Lawschool university. (the name of the university is never mentioned.) He eventually dropped out of the university and formed the fictional jazz band "The Sea and Cake". There was a mention later in the play about him eventually being killed by a bandmate striking him in the head with a guitar. 
The actual band The Sea and Cake was later founded in reality and performed mostly as a progressive-rock band with jazz influences.

</doc>
<doc id="19669679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19669679" title="Cyclone Cliff">
Cyclone Cliff

Tropical Cyclone Cliff was first noted as a weak tropical disturbance on April 1, 2007, within a trough of low pressure about to the southwest of Rotuma. Over the next couple of days the system drifted towards the southeast and Fiji, in an area of strong wind shear. During April 3, the system slightly accelerated, as it moved towards the south-southeast before the westerly wind shear around the system relaxed sufficiently to allow the depression to consolidate while it was located near Vanua Levu. 
Meteorological history.
On April 1, 2007, the Fiji Meteorological Service's Regional Specialized Meteorological Center in Nadi, Fiji (RSMC Nadi) reported that a weak tropical disturbance had developed, along a slow moving trough of low pressure about to the southwest of Rotuma. Over the next couple of days the system drifted towards the southeast and Fiji, in an area of strong westerly wind shear to the south of a ridge axis. Early on April 3, RSMC Nadi initiated advisories on the system and designated it as Tropical Depression 14F, while it was located about to the north of Labasa, on Vanua Levu. During that day the system slightly accelerated, as it moved towards the south-southeast. Later that day RSMC Nadi reported that the systems low level circulation, was exposed to the northwest of the deep convection which was moving over northeastern Vanua Levu, Cikobia and other smaller islands. The westerly wind shear around the system subsequently relaxed sufficiently, which allowed the depression to consolidate and the low level circulation center to move closer to the area of deep convection.
Early on April 4, the depression moved around the northeastern tip of Vanua Levu as bands of atmospheric convection rapidly developed and wrapped into the low level circulation center. At 0300 UTC while the system was located about to the south-southeast of Labasa, RSMC Nadi named the depression, Cliff after the system had developed into a category 1 tropical cyclone on the Australian tropical cyclone intensity scale. This was despite gale force winds not being present near the systems center, as required by the tropical cyclone operational plan for the region. After Cliff had been named gale-force winds rapidly developed near the center, as it continued to intensify and accelerate towards the south-southeast through the Lau group of islands. At around 0900 UTC on April 4, the United States Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) initiated advisories on the system and designated it as Tropical Cyclone 23P as it became a tropical storm. Over the next 24 hours Cliff continued to intensify, before the JTWC and RSMC Nadi reported during the next day, that Cliff had reached its peak intensity with sustained wind-speeds of 100 km/h (65 mph). After peaking in intensity, the system subsequently accelerated further towards the southeast and into an area of cooler seas and higher wind shear. This subsequently caused Cliff to become an extra tropical cyclone during February 6, before the system was last noted later that day as it merged with a mid-latitude frontal boundary.
Preparations and impact.
Fiji.
Early on April 4, after the system had been named Cliff and started to impact Fiji, RSMC Nadi issued gale warnings for Eastern Vanua Levu, Taveuni, Naitaba, Yacata, Kanacea, Vanua Balavu as well as Vatu Vara.
Cyclone Cliff’s main impact on Fiji was to bring further flooding to the northern parts of Fiji which had been flooded 3 times during the cyclone season already. Cyclone Cliff was also responsible for a landslide which crashed into a Primary School near Udu Point in the eastern part of Vanua Levu. However the 30 Students inside the school at the time all escaped any serious injuries as they fled to safety.
Cyclone Cliff was also responsible for flooded roads, minor damage to buildings as well as cut water supplies in eastern parts of Vanua Levu as well as on Taveuni Island. The people of Taveuni reported the loss of unaccountable acres of crops as the developing cyclone passed close to the island. Extensive damage was also reported in other parts of the Fijian archipelago including damaged crops & Trees as well as roofs being damaged. Cyclone Cliff was also indirectly responsible for one death in Fiji when a woman was swept from a flooded bridge. It is not known how much damage Cyclone Cliff caused.
Tonga.
Late on April 4, RSMC Nadi in conjunction with the Tonga Meteorological Service (TMS) issued a tropical cyclone alert for the islands of Tongatapu and Eu'a and a strong wind warning for central Tonga. A gale warning was subsequently issued during the next day for Tongatapu and Eu'a but were cancelled later that day after the system had started moving away from Tonga.
There was no damage reported in Southern Tonga. However the Tonga's Meteorological Service based in Fua’amotu experienced a power failure on April 4 at 2200 UTC. The standby power could not be restored so therefore operations were shifted to the National Emergency Operations Centre in Nukuʻalofa which is the back up for the Met Service. The National Emergency Operations Centre continued to issue cyclone warnings until the threat posed by Cliff had passed. This was despite the met service being able to continue to operate on a mobile generator.
Retirement.
During 2008 RSMC Nadi put a request forward to the World Meteorological Organizations, RA V Tropical Cyclone Committee to have the name Cliff retired. This request was accepted with the name being replaced by "Chip".

</doc>
<doc id="19669695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19669695" title="Mouding County">
Mouding County

Mouding County (牟定县; pinyin: Móudìng Xiàn) is located in Chuxiong Yi Autonomous Prefecture, Yunnan province, China.

</doc>
<doc id="19669743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19669743" title="USSF (disambiguation)">
USSF (disambiguation)

USSF may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19669747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19669747" title="Friston Windmill">
Friston Windmill

Friston Windmill is a Grade II* listed post mill at Friston, Suffolk, England which has been conserved.
History.
"Friston Windmill" was moved from Woodbridge by Collins, the Melton millwright in 1812 and erected on land purchased by William and Mary Scarlett. They sold the mill to Joseph Collings in 1812. The mill was worked by several different millers until 1837 when it was purchased by Joshua Reynolds from Knodishall. The mill passed to Caleb Reynolds Wright in 1883 and to his son Caleb Reynolds Wright Jr. in 1924. A pair of sails was removed in 1943 and not replaced due to the shortage of timber. The mill worked on two sails until 1956 and then by a diesel engine until 1964. 
In 1965, permission was granted for the demolition of the mill but this was not carried out. Due to changes in planning law, permission had to be sought again in 1968. Villagers were divided as to whether the mill should be kept or demolished and there was much debate in the local newspapers. A millwright was asked to inspect the mill and the decision was deferred for a month. The millwrights’ report showed that the mill was structurally sound and it was agreed in principle that the mill should be moved to the East Anglian Rural Life Museum at Stowmarket, where plans for the museum included a windmill. Meanwhile, money was raised locally and repairs started on the mill in 1971. Permission for demolition was rescinded and on the death of the last miller in 1972 a new owner bought the mill with the intention of preserving it. In 1977, the body of the mill was restored by Messrs Jameson Marshall, millwrights.
In 2003, English Heritage gave a grant covering 20% of the cost of repairs which then needed doing to the mill. In 2004, it was announced that a steel framework was to be erected around the mill in order to allow work on the trestle and body of the mill.
Description.
"Friston Windmill" is a tall post mill with a roundhouse. It had four Patent sails and was winded by a fantail carried on the rear steps in the Suffolk style. The mill is high, making it the tallest surviving post mill in the United Kingdom. The mill has been preserved but the three pairs of millstones have been removed. The mill had two pairs of millstones in the breast and one pair in the tail. 
Millers.
Reference for above:- 

</doc>
<doc id="19669774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19669774" title="Eze-Igwe">
Eze-Igwe

The Oguta kingdom was established in like manners to the Benin Kingdom of Nigeria. Many people in Oguta believe that the Oguta people migrated from the ancient Benin Kingdom. They argue that the administrative set up, titles and common names have similarities to those of Bini people. Although the people of Oguta do not call their king Oba as the Bini do, both kingdoms have some striking parallels. The Binis have Iyase, in Oguta it is called Iyasara, there is Ogine among the Bini and Ogana in Oguta. Palm oil and plantain are called ofigbo and ipa in both Edo language and Oguta dialect to this day. Although the Oguta people speak a dialect of the Igbo language, some of their words are unmistakably of Bini origin.
The traditional ruler of Oguta, actually Ugwunta meaning, Little Hill is the Eze-igwe. He governs through a council of ministers called Oririnzere, chief of which is the Ogana or the Speaker. 

</doc>
<doc id="19669821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19669821" title="Manthia Diawara">
Manthia Diawara

Manthia Diawara is a Malian writer, filmmaker, cultural theorist, scholar, and art historian. Diawara holds the title of University Professor at New York University, where he is Director of the Institute of Afro-American Affairs.
Biography.
Diawara was born in Bamako, Mali and received his early education in France. He later received a Ph.D. from Indiana University in 1985. Prior to teaching at NYU, Diawara taught at the University of Pennsylvania and the University of California at Santa Barbara. 
Much of his research has been in the field of black cultural studies, though his work has differed from the traditional approach to such study formulated in Britain in the early 1980s. Along with other notable recent scholars, Diawara has sought to incorporate consideration of the material conditions of African-Americans to provide a broader context for the study of African diasopric culture. An aspect of this formulation has been the privileging of "Blackness" in all its possible forms rather than as relevant to a single, perhaps monolithic definition of black culture. 
Diawara has contributed significantly to the study of black film. In 1992, Indiana University Press published his "African Cinema: Politics & Culture " and in 1993, Routledge published a volume he edited titled "Black-American Cinema". A filmmaker himself, Diawara has written and directed a number of films. 
His 1998 book "In Search of Africa" is an account of his return to his childhood home of Guinea and was published by Harvard University Press. 
Diawara is the editor-in-chief of "Renaissance Noire", a journal of arts, culture, and politics dedicated to work that engages contemporary Black concerns. He serves on the advisory board of "October", and is also on the editorial collective of Public Culture.
In 2003, Diawara released "We Won't Budge: A Malaria Memoir", the title a tribute to Salif Keita's anthemic protest song "Nou Pas Bouger". 
Diawara serves on the board of TransAfrica Forum, alongside Harry Belafonte, Danny Glover, and Walter Mosely, which supported Barack Obama's successful candidacy for President in 2008.
Fellowships and honors.
Jury Member, The National Black Programming Consortium, Inc., Columbus, OH, 1992, 1989; Jury Member, The Paul Robeson Award, The Pan-African Film Festival of Ouagadougou, 1987; NAACP Top of the Mountain Award, 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="19669826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19669826" title="Erard Corbin de Mangoux">
Erard Corbin de Mangoux

Erard Corbin de Mangoux (born January 6, 1953) is a French prefect and the former head of the Directorate-General for External Security (DSGE), France's foreign intelligence service.

</doc>
<doc id="19669838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19669838" title="Nanhua County">
Nanhua County

Nanhua County (南华县; pinyin: Nánhuá Xiàn) is located in Chuxiong Yi Autonomous Prefecture, Yunnan province, China.

</doc>
<doc id="19669839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19669839" title="Dental Procedure Education System">
Dental Procedure Education System

The Dental Procedure Education System (DPES), is a web-based resource containing a collection of procedures from the dental disciplines. The procedures presented in DPES were developed by individual faculty members at the Faculty of Dentistry, University of Toronto, in collaboration with a group of educational media and technology experts. Consequently, DPES reflects the philosophy that guides the teaching methods and the clinical practice of these procedures at the Faculty of Dentistry.
Purpose.
DPES was designed and built to serve primarily the instructional needs of the students at the Faculty of Dentistry, University of Toronto. However, due to the public ramifications of the act of providing dental health care, a public extension to DPES was also developed. DPES has multiple purposes, which can be summarized as follows:
Structure.
Given the purposes outlined above, DPES is divided in two distinct parts:
The following two sections of this article describe in more detail the features of and differences between the two versions of DPES.
DPES.
The public version, going by the same title as the parent program (DPES) is provided by the Faculty of Dentistry as an open source of information and dental care education. It is targeted in equal measure to the Faculty's patients and to the rest of the public. As such, DPES uses simple language to explain the steps involved in the performance of a specific dental procedure.
Patients are provided with a visual presentation of the procedure, which employs a combination of 3D animations, actual video footage and still images to illustrate those steps. In addition, a written article describing the procedure is placed under the visual presentation. Where applicable, the article details some of the concepts presented visually or provides the patient with further relevant information, such as post-operative care or follow-up visits.
Because the patients can be instructed by their dentists to view the procedures in advance, the patients may gain a better understanding of the various aspects involved in a particular procedure. Thus, DPES may contribute to reducing the patients' pre-operative anxiety levels and to expediting the informed consent process.
Finally, depending on the procedure involved, a patient may review online the dentist's post-operative recommendations included in the visual presentation or in the written article.
DPES Professional.
DPES Professional, or DPES Pro, is intended primarily for the education of the Faculty of Dentistry's students in the undergraduate Doctor of Dental Surgery program (DDS) and it is not open to the public. As is the case with the patient version, DPES Pro uses the same combination of high-end visuals to demonstrate the techniques and methods of conducting a procedure. However, the language used in DPES Pro differs from the patient version in that the terminology is geared toward dental practitioners. The visual demonstration is normally longer than that in the patient version and, thus, it is divided into chapters for easy access to specific parts of the presentation.
The written article that accompanies the visual presentation provides an extended scholarly explanation of the procedure, by including sections such as preliminary background or historical information about the procedure, recent research findings and their clinical implications, competing views about procedural techniques or methods, contentious or controversial issues regarding the procedure, etc. True to academic form, the article contains a list of references used in the body of the text. Thus, the student has access to the most recent literature that the author of the article considers relevant for a specific procedure.
Production.
DPES procedures follow a well-defined production cycle before they are published. The first step involves the drafting of an article for the procedure in DPES Pro by a faculty member or several faculty members of the Faculty of Dentistry. In normal circumstances, the same faculty member(s) will also be the one(s) teaching the procedure. The article is posted internally to the online repository. Once the article is drafted, it is submitted for review by two other faculty members.
Upon the completion of the review process, the author extracts the procedural section of the article and writes two separate scripts that will serve as the narrations for the visual parts of the procedures in DPES Pro and DPES, respectively. The visual presentation for DPES Pro is then assembled by the media team according to the script and with the input of the author. As soon as the visual elements are created and assembled, the author performs a final review of the visual presentation. Once the visual presentation is approved by the author, it is placed at the top of the written article in DPES Pro.
The visual presentation for DPES (public version) is created from the visual material already developed for DPES Pro. However, the public version is generally shorter and its script uses plain terms to explain the procedure. In the case of DPES, the script may also serve as the written article for the procedure, but the author may choose to extend it, annotate it or to create an entirely new article to be placed under the visuals.
When the two versions of the procedures are completed and approved, they are published and released to their particular audiences.

</doc>
<doc id="19669842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19669842" title="Brigham–Kanner Property Rights Conference">
Brigham–Kanner Property Rights Conference

The Brigham–Kanner Property Rights Conference began in 2004 at the Marshall-Wythe School of Law at the College of William & Mary. Annually the Brigham-Kanner Property Rights Conference awards the Brigham-Kanner Property Rights Prize to an individual whose work has advanced the cause of property rights and has contributed to the overall awareness of the important role property rights occupy in the broader scheme of individual liberty.
In 2011 the Conference, which most years is hosted at William & Mary's Marshall-Wythe School of Law, was hosted by Tsinghua University in Beijing, China. During the 2011 Conference, which was the Eighth Annual Brigham Kanner Property Rights Conference, Retired United States Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O'Connor received the Brigham Kanner Prize. The 2011 Conference featured lectures and panel discussions by the leading property rights scholars and practitioners from China and the United States.
The Conference brings together the bench, bar, and academics on its panels. The Conference is notable for its encouragement of active participation from the audience through its question and answer segments with the leading property rights scholars and practitioners.
Beginning in 2011, the Conference began publishing the Brigham-Kanner Property Rights Conference Journal as a chronicle of the Conference's panels. Volume 1 features 17 articles that explore the similarities and differences of the property systems in the U.S., China, and other countries. The articles were written by leading scholars and practitioners from the U.S. and China. Articles provide a comparative analysis of legal protection of property rights and also explore topics such as the role of property in promoting social and economic policy, the impact of culture on property systems, and the relationship between property rights and the environment. Four articles reflect on Justice Sandra Day O'Connor's property rights decisions, in recognition of her receipt of the 2011 Brigham-Kanner Property Rights Prize.
The Eleventh Annual Brigham-Kanner Property Rights Conference will be held on October 30, 31 2014 at William & Mary's Marshall-Wythe School of Law. 

</doc>
<doc id="19669863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19669863" title="Whitecliff">
Whitecliff

Whitecliff, is a small area of Parkstone in Poole, Dorset, England. It is situated near the eastern shore of Poole Harbour and is a very sought-after residential district of Poole due to its park and harbour view. 
Whitecliff Recreation Ground (part of Poole's Harbourside Park) offers a cricket pitch, used by various local teams, including those from Poole Cricket Club, and several football pitches which host Parkstone Heights Falcons/Hawks home games from under-12 level upwards.
In 2009 a much improved children's play area was opened to the public.

</doc>
<doc id="19669868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19669868" title="Takako Saito">
Takako Saito

Takako Saito is a Japanese artist, born in Sabae-Shi, Fukui Province in Japan in 1929. Closely associated with Fluxus, the international collective of avant-garde artists that was active primarily in the 1960s and 1970s, Saito contributed a number of performances and artworks to the movement, which continue to be exhibited in Fluxus exhibitions to the present day. She currently lives in Düsseldorf in Germany. She is most famous for pieces like "Silent Music" or for her disrupted Chess sets.
Early life.
5 Years after studying psychology at the Japan Women's University, Saito became involved with "Sōzō Biiku undŏ", the 'Creative Art Education' movement. Founded 1952 by Sadajirŏ Kubo, the movement focussed on encouraging creativity through free will. Whilst attending a summer camp organized by the movement, Saito met a Tokyo member Ay-O, an artist actively engaged in encouraging avant-garde groups in Japan. Ay-O became an important source of information for Saito about the avant-garde, first in Tokyo, and then, later, in New York, where he moved in 1958. Intrigued by the reports being sent back by Ay-O, Saito also travelled to New York in 1963 ostensibly to work as an assistant to textile wholesaler. It was through Ay-O that she was introduced to George Maciunas, founder and organiser of Fluxus, and one of the central members of the New York avant-garde.
Fluxus.
George Maciunas was fascinated by Japanese craftsmanship, and asked Saito if she could make a few boxes for him in the same style as a number of Japanese boxes he already owned; He was so impressed with her craftmanship that he asked her to contribute a series of disrupted chess sets to sell in his new Flux shop on Canal Street, SoHo, New York. Maciunas was so delighted by "Spice Chess" in particular that he 'even took credit for it on occasion.'. Saito remained a close friend and fluxus collaborator until Maciunas' death.
"After a while, Maciunas proposed having dinner together every evening. In his opinion, buying food for many was more economical than buying for one... He called it Flux Dinner Commune. So George, Paik, Takako, Shigeko and I started this part-time collective life. For the first few days, the men went shopping and the girls cooked. However we found it inconvenient, because George came back rather late from his office and then often didn't buy what we wanted to cook... It didn't last long, because we got jobs at night. George was discouraged, but bravely said, "Well, work comes first, dinner second." Mieko Shiomi 
Saito remained part of the Fluxus movement throughout the 1960s and 70s, producing performance, still, multi-media, installation and sculptural work in collaboration with other artists such as George Maciunas and Yoko Ono. Saito has contributed pieces to many Fluxus collaborations, including "Fluxus 1" (1964) and the "Flux Cabinet" (1975–77). She is perhaps most well known for her "Silent Music" piece. Her output was diverse and she is also remembered for the various disrupted chess sets including "Smell Chess" and "Spice Chess", that she manufactured to sell in the "Fluxshop", SoHo, New York, and that were often included in the "Flux Boxes" from 1964 onwards, which was part of a Fluxus series of game variations of Chess.
Travels.
Saito left New York in 1968, leading a peripatetic lifestyle until 1978. Saito lived in France, Germany, England and Italy, working with George Brecht, Robert Filliou, and with the Beau Geste Press, publishing artist's books. From 1979 to 1983, she taught at the University of Essen. Later pieces have maintained the fluxus ideal of eroding the boundaries between performer and viewer;
'Saito's "You and Me Shop" again includes the idea of exchange with the viewer and of collaborative artistic work. In a small shop resembling a market stall, the artist as sales woman offered an arranged selection of those small things or materials which she also used in her objects: dried onion skins, chestnuts, pieces of wood. Here, the interaction with the viewer started with the joint selection, placement and fixation of the offered items on paper plates. It ended with the handing over of the object to the respective participant.' Virtual Museum of Modernism 
Aside from solo exhibitions in Düsseldorf, Cologne, Fukui, New York and Kansas, she has featured in recent exhibitions including Fluxus retrospectives at the Chapel Studio in Balatonboglár in 2002 and at Tate Modern London in 2008 and the "Re-Imagining Asia" at the House of World Cultures in Berlin.
Düsseldorf.
Since 1978, Saito has lived and worked in Düsseldorf.

</doc>
<doc id="19669875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19669875" title="Hippoboscinae">
Hippoboscinae

Hippoboscinae is a subfamily of the fly family Hippoboscidae. All are parasitic, and unlike some other members of the Hippoboscidae, all Hippoboscinae are winged species.

</doc>
<doc id="19669890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19669890" title="Bonnie Prince Charlie (1923 film)">
Bonnie Prince Charlie (1923 film)

Bonnie Prince Charlie is a 1923 British silent historical film directed by Charles Calvert and starring Ivor Novello, Gladys Cooper and Hugh Miller. It is now considered a lost film.
Plot.
The film depicts the Jacobite Rebellion of 1745 and its aftermath when the Jacobite pretender Charles Edward Stuart evaded capture by the forces loyal to the Hanoverians, and escaped to the Continental Europe with the help of Flora MacDonald.
Production.
While filming on location in the Scottish Highlands, Novello grew so fond of his kilt that he continued to wear it even when he was off set.

</doc>
<doc id="19669921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19669921" title="Moderata Fonte">
Moderata Fonte

Moderata Fonte, pseudonym of Modesto Pozzo (or Modesta, feminization of Modesto) (1555–1592) was a Venetian writer and poet. Besides the posthumously-published dialogue, "Il merito delle donne" ("The Worth of Women", 1600) for which she is best known, she wrote a romance and religious poetry. Details of her life are known from the biography by Giovanni Niccolò Doglioni (1548-1629), her uncle, included as a preface to the dialogue.
Life.
Pozzo's parents died of the plague in 1556, when she was just a year old, and she and her older brother Leonardo were placed in the care of their maternal grandmother and her second husband. She spent several years in the convent of Santa Marta where, thanks to her extraordinary memory, she was often displayed as a child prodigy. She was able to repeat long sermons she had heard or read only once. At the age of nine she was returned to her grandmother’s family where she learned Latin and composition from her grandfather, Prospero Saraceni, a man of letters, as well as from her brother, Leonardo. Her brother also taught her to read and write in Latin, draw, sing, and play the lute and harpsichord.
On 15 February 1582, at twenty-seven years old, Pozzo wed Filippo de’ Zorzi. Their marriage appears to have been a particularly good one because de’ Zorzi returned her dowry a year and a half after their wedding. An official document dated October 1583 states that de’ Zorzi returns the dowry “thanks to his pure kindness and to the great love and good will that he has felt and feels for” Pozzo.
One of Pozzo’s first known works is a musical play performed before the Doge Da Ponte in 1581 at the festival of St. Stephen’s Day. "Le Feste" ["The Feasts"] includes about 350 verses with several singing parts. Also in 1581, she published her epic poem "I tredici canti del Floridoro" ["The Thirteen Cantos of Floridoro"] dedicated to Bianca Cappello and her new husband, the duke of Florence. This poem is perhaps the second chivalric work published by an Italian woman, after Tullia d’Aragona’s "Il Meschino", which appeared in 1560.
Pozzo wrote two long religious poems, "La Passione di Cristo" ["Christ’s Passion"] and "La Resurrezione di Gesù Cristo nostro Signore che segue alla Santissima Passione in otava rima da Moderata Fonte" ["The Resurrection of Jesus Christ, our Lord, which follows the Holy Passion in octaves by Moderata Fonte"]. In these works she describes in detail the emotional reactions of the Virgin Mary and Mary Magdalen to Christ’s death and resurrection, illustrating her deep belief in the active participation of women in the events of the Passion and Resurrection of Christ.
She is perhaps best known for "Il Merito delle donne" ["On The Merit of Women"], published posthumously in 1600, in which she criticizes the treatment of women by men while celebrating women’s virtues and intelligence, but does not go as far as to appeal for sexual equality.
When she died in 1592 at the age of thirty-seven, Pozzo had four children according to her biographer and mentor, Giovanni Nicolo Doglioni: the oldest aged ten years, the second aged eight, the third aged six and the newborn, whose birth caused her death. Her husband placed a marble epitaph on her tomb which describes Pozzo as ‘femina doctissima’ very learned woman. 

</doc>
<doc id="19669930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19669930" title="Kanholmsfjärden">
Kanholmsfjärden

Kanholmsfjärden is a major bay in the Stockholm archipelago.

</doc>
<doc id="19669979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19669979" title="Chester Erskine">
Chester Erskine

Chester Erskine (November 29, 1905 – April 7, 1986) was a Hollywood and Broadway director, writer, and producer. 
He was born in Hudson, New York and studied for a short time at the American Academy of Dramatic Arts. His first directing job was "Harlem" an 1929 all-black revue. He also directed Spencer Tracy in the play "The Last Mile" in 1930. Erskine's likeness was drawn in caricature by Alex Gard for Sardi's, the New York City theater district restaurant. The picture is now part of the collection of the New York Public Library.
In 1932 he began working in Hollywood where his best-known work includes the direction of "The Egg and I" (1947) and the writing of "All My Sons" (1948).
He died in Beverly Hills, California at the age of 83.

</doc>
<doc id="19670011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670011" title="FC Tskhumi Sukhumi">
FC Tskhumi Sukhumi

FC Tskhumi Sokhumi was a Soviet and Georgian association football club. The club was based in Sokhumi and re-found by IDP from Abkhazia in Tbilisi.
History.
In 1990, most of the Georgian club including FC Dinamo Tbilisi withdrew from the Soviet League system and joined the Georgian SSR regional league, as the first Umaglesi Liga. The club predecessor, FC Dinamo Sokhumi refused to join Umaglesi Liga and played in the Soviet First League. Tskhumi was formed to represent Sokhumi. Star player Gocha Gogrichiani and Giorgi Chikhradze, joined from Dinamo. The first president was Guram Gabiskiria.

</doc>
<doc id="19670025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670025" title="Red rot (leather)">
Red rot (leather)

Red rot (also redrot) is a degradation process found in vegetable-tanned leather. 
Red rot is caused by prolonged storage or exposure to high relative humidity, environmental pollution, and high temperature. In particular, red rot occurs at pH values of 4.2 to 4.5. Sulfur dioxide converts to sulfuric acid which forms hydrogen peroxide. The peroxide combines with residual tannins in the leather to oxidize proteins, creating ammonium sulfate and ammonium bisulfate
The disease manifests as a characteristic powdering of the leather's surface, along with structural weakness through loss, delamination, and a felt-like consistency.
The damage caused by red rot is irreversible. However, its spread may be retarded by an application of a consolidant (such as Klucel mG) coated with a sealer (such as Renaissance Wax).

</doc>
<doc id="19670033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670033" title="Shuangbai County">
Shuangbai County

Shuangbai County (双柏县; pinyin: Shuāngbǎi Xiàn) is located in Chuxiong Yi Autonomous Prefecture, Yunnan province, China.
Ethnic groups.
The "Shuangbai County Almanac" (1996:89-90) lists the following ethnic subgroups. All population statistics, given in parentheses, are as of 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="19670070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670070" title="2005 Movistar Open – Singles">
2005 Movistar Open – Singles

Fernando González was the defending champion.
Gastón Gaudio won the title, defeating González 6–3, 6–4 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19670082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670082" title="World Religions Conference">
World Religions Conference

The World Religions Conference is a multi-faith conference typically held annually throughout many countries of the world. The conference was originally envisioned by the Mirza Ghulam Ahmad, the founder of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community in the 1890s. The intention for this conference was to provide a forum for scholars of various faith groups to express the beauties of their respective faiths in a peaceful and friendly atmosphere.
World Religions Conference (WRC) of Canada.
In Canada, the World Religions Conference has been organized by the Canadian branch of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community with the cooperation of several cities, academic institutions, faith-based associations, student clubs and numerous other organizations for over 3 decades. It has held in various cities and communities throughout Canada. The most significant and largest WRC has been held in Waterloo, Ontario.
The World Religions Conference (WRC) of Canada is an multi-faith event which brings together well-known scholars from the world’s major religions to speak on a common topic from the point of view of their respective religious traditions. For thirty years, the WRC of Canada has served as an forum for different religious and ethnic communities to gather in the spirit of tolerance, peace, cooperation, and understanding. The WRC serves the purpose of educating members of the community regarding interesting and relevant topics by providing a platform where all major religions can pool their collective wisdom and teachings regarding the topic. WRC Canada has seen significant improvement in organizational standards, quality of content, and attendance in recent years. Many consider Waterloo WRC as the largest multi-faith event of its kind in Canada.
WRC has become a central meeting place for religious leaders and their communities in Waterloo and Southern Ontario. The conference has had the honour of being noted by prominent figures including the Governor General of Canada, the Prime Minister of Canada, and the Chief Justice of Canada, in addition to dozens of other local, provincial and national leaders.

</doc>
<doc id="19670120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670120" title="Wuding County">
Wuding County

Wuding County (武定县; pinyin: Wǔdìng Xiàn) is located in Chuxiong Yi Autonomous Prefecture, Yunnan province, China.
Ethnic groups.
Yi.
The "Wuding County Almanac" (1990) lists the following Yi subgroups.
According to the "Chuxiong Prefecture Almanac" (1993:411), the Luomian 罗缅 are located in Nigagu 尼嘎古.
Hani.
In Wuding County, ethnic Hani are found in the following locations ("Wuding County Almanac" 1990:141).

</doc>
<doc id="19670136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670136" title="Nudy Show!">
Nudy Show!

NUDY SHOW! is Anna Tsuchiya's third studio album and was released on 29 October 2008. A CD+DVD version of the album that was released includes Tsuchiya's music videos.

</doc>
<doc id="19670137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670137" title="Tone Tingsgård">
Tone Tingsgård

Tone Tingsgård (born 1944) is a Swedish social democratic politician. She has been a member of the Riksdag since 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19670146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670146" title="Business routes of Interstate 15">
Business routes of Interstate 15

Twenty-two business routes of Interstate 15 exist.
Escondido business loop.
Interstate 15 Business provides access to downtown Escondido as Centre City Parkway. It follows the former routing of U.S. Route 395.
I-15 Business begins at I-15 exit 28 near the southern city limits of Escondido. It runs parallel to I-15 north through the city. It intersects both the westbound and eastbound portions of County Route S6, which in this area is split into one-way roads (which are in turn separated by another street). This intersection provides access to the end of the Sprinter commuter train line. Shortly thereafter, I-15 Business intersects County Route S14, and then interchanges with State Route 78. The interchange is the last interchange on the 78 before its freeway status ends, and there are only ramps for a westbound entrance or eastbound exit. Continuing north, I-15 Business intersects with El Norte Parkway, a major arterial road, before reconnecting with Interstate 15 at I-15 exit 34 near the northern city limits of Escondido. Though the street itself continues northward well on into Temecula as a frontage road for Interstate 15, its designation as Business 15 ends at this interchange.
Lake Elsinore business loop.
Interstate 15 Business in Lake Elsinore, California provides access to downtown Lake Elsinore as Main Street, Graham Avenue, Lakeshore Drive and Lake Street. It also follows the former routing of California State Route 71.
Norco business loop.
Interstate 15 Business in Norco, California provides access to downtown Norco as Second Street, Hamner Avenue and Sixth Street. It also follows the former routing of SR 31.
Victorville business loop.
Interstate 15 Business in Victorville, California provides access to downtown Victorville as Seventh Street and D Street. It also follows the former routing of U.S. Route 66 and U.S. Route 91.
Barstow business loop.
Interstate 15 Business in Barstow, California provides access to downtown Barstow as L Street and Main Street. It also follows the former routing of U.S. Route 66.
Baker business loop.
Interstate 15 Business in Baker, California provides access to downtown Baker as Baker Boulevard. It also follows the former routing of U.S. Route 91 and U.S. Route 466.
Great Falls business loop.
Interstate 15 Business in Great Falls, Montana links I-15, which bypasses downtown Great Falls to the west, to the center of Great Falls. As its Business Loop designation implies, I-15 Business terminates at I-15 (concurrent with U.S. Route 89 and Montana Highway 200 through western Great Falls) at each end. The southernmost of the route from the interchange with I-15 to Fox Farm Road is designated, but not signed, as Interstate 315. It is the second shortest interstate in the country, the shortest being Interstate 878.
Shelby business loop.
Interstate 15 Business in Shelby, Montana links I-15, which bypasses downtown Shelby to the west, to the center of Shelby. The southern terminus of I-15 Business is at exit 363 on I-15; from there it follows U.S. Route 2 into the center of Shelby, then follows Oilfield Road across the railyard and through the north end of town to its northern terminus at exit 364 on I-15, just south of Shelby Airport.
Former routes.
Mesquite business loop.
Interstate 15 Business in Mesquite, Nevada, was also designated as State Route 144. It was removed as of December 31, 2005. It covered Mesquite Boulevard and Sandhill Boulevard in Mesquite. The State Route designation was applied to the portion of Mesquite Boulevard from its southern crossing of Interstate 15 to Sandhill Boulevard, then along Sandhill Boulevard to its northern crossing of Interstate 15. The route was long.
Route 144, from SR 170 to Hillside Drive, was once U.S. Route 91, which used to stretch from Sweetgrass, Montana to Long Beach, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19670205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670205" title="ScicomP">
ScicomP

The IBM HPC Systems Scientific Computing User Group (ScicomP) is an international organization open to all scientific and technical users of IBM systems. At yearly meetings application scientists and staff from HPC centers present talks about, and discuss, ways to develop efficient and scalable scientific applications. These meetings provide an opportunity to give feedback to IBM that will influence the design of future systems. ScicomP is a not-for-profit group and is not affiliated with IBM Corporation.
History.
ScicomP was formed in October 1999 when 285 researchers and engineers met at IBM's Advanced Computing Technology Center (ACTC) at IBM Research in Yorktown Heights, NY.
The meeting was a user-oriented and planned 3-day workshop to share information on scientific computing techniques for the users of IBM SP supercomputers. The meeting was created on the recommendations of the attendees of the IBM SP Scientific Applications Development and Optimization Workshop held in March 1999 at the San Diego Supercomputer Center. The objective of that meeting was to help computational scientists and engineers develop applications that achieve maximum performance and scalability on the IBM SP systems.
ScicomP has held annual and semi-annual meetings that bring together scientific domain experts, computational
scientists, systems engineers, and IBM technical specialists to share experiences using IBM High Performance
Computing Systems. The domain encompasses all IBM HPC Systems, including POWER, Blue Gene, Cell,
hybrid (e.g. the Los Alamos RoadRunner system), and blade architectures.
The meetings alternate between supercomputing sites in North America and Europe. The next meeting will be held in May 2009 at the Barcelona Supercomputing Center in Barcelona, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="19670213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670213" title="Flivver (disambiguation)">
Flivver (disambiguation)

Flivver may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19670225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670225" title="Östra Husby">
Östra Husby

Östra Husby is a locality situated in Norrköping Municipality, Östergötland County, Sweden with 792 inhabitants in 2010. It lies 20 kilometers east of Norrköping and 16 kilometers northeast of Söderköping, Sweden. There are a few shops in the town and one school (elementary school). Most people later study and work in Norrköping since there aren't any well paid jobs there, most of the inhabitants only live there.

</doc>
<doc id="19670252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670252" title="Li Chendian">
Li Chendian

Li Chenden (; Styled posthumously: as Viscount of the First Class一級子爵 ) (1838 - 1864) was an eminent Han military general during the late Qing Dynasty in China. He joined the Xiang Army and fought effectively against the Taiping Rebellion restoring the stability of the Qing Dynasty. He was one of nine generals who led the force which occupied Nanjing in 1864. Commander Zeng Guoquan identified Li as the most meritorious of the nine generals in the recovery of Nanjing. The Beijing government praised him and his fellow generals commended him.
During the Qing Dynasty's 267 years, Li was the youngest person elevated to Peerage.
Finding Hong Xiuquan's body.
During the final days of the Taiping Rebellion, Li Chendian's main task was to destroy the city wall of Nanjing.
On July 19, at 13：00 in the afternoon, attackers detonated explosives in a tunnel under the Taiping (太平) Gate. This is the first recorded time that men felt a light earthquake from an underground explosion. A second blast occurred about one minute later and then a large section of the wall exploded with pieces flying from 2 to 10 km away.
Li then led 600 soldiers and stormed into the city shouting:Kill(Sa)!... A fierce battle was fought at the broken wall,continuing into the city, and finally occupying Hong Xiuquan's palace.
Li was the second general to arrived at Hong‘s palace on the second day, the first general had not been able to locate Hong‘s body. Li was unable to locate the body either. On 30 July, Li noticed a section of the ground had been tampered with in the pavilion. He ordered his soldiers to dig there and was surprised to find Hong‘s naked body wrapped in white cloth. The body had long white hair, hands placed on the chest, and holding an iron cross. There was no coffin and the body had badly decomposed. Only the shoulders and right buttock were still covered with skin and flesh.
Thunderstorm rain.
After the victory in Nanjing, Li reported his finding of Hong's body to Viceroy of Liangjiang, Zeng Guofan, and commander Zeng Guoquan and sought their advice as to the disposition of such an important find.
Zeng Guofan viewed the body and after a few minutes of silence he ordered that the body not to be transported to Beijing as was customary, but would be burned immediately. Based on this action, Zeng is not a traitor (Hanjian).

</doc>
<doc id="19670269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670269" title="Out of Control (2003 film)">
Out of Control (2003 film)

Out of Control is a 2003 Hindi-language film which stars Riteish Deshmukh, Hrishitaa Bhatt and a popular American actress/Model, Brande Roderick.
Plot.
A man named Jaswinder (Ritesh Deshmukh) goes to the United States of America promising his parents that he will return soon and his sister marriage will be set. In America in a night club he meets an American girl named Sally (Brande Roderick) and marries her for his visa.
He obviously forgets to remember the promise he made that he would go back to India. Meanwhile in India his parents have found him a new bride, typical Punjabi kudi, Richa (Hrishitaa Bhatt). His sister calls him to America by telling him that his father had a heart-attack, but that is the way they could bring him back to India. Hence he returns to India and to his astonishment he gets engaged to Richa which soon leads to marriage.
He strongly detests this idea but marries her and escapes to the United States and tells Sally that everything and everyone was fine in India. Back in India, Jaswinder's parents are amazed at his behaviour and Richa is surprised that her husband left her pretty soon,as he was supposed to take her to New York. Jaswinder's father (Amrish Puri)and Richa follow him to New York. As they reach New York, they are met by Flower (Satish Shah) who tells and inspires Richa to become some type of a modern girl and to cut down her hair and apply make up. Jaswinder doesn't tolerate her and soon chucks her out and he does not like her. Sally does not know anything about this. But after some time, Jaswinder ends up falling in love with Richa and does not want to be separated from her. Will Sally find out? Will Jaswinder and Richa end up leading a happy life in the end? This plot forms the rest of the story.

</doc>
<doc id="19670278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670278" title="Badalamji">
Badalamji

Badalamji is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4177 people living in 806 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19670280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670280" title="Colin Woods">
Colin Woods

Sir Colin Philip Joseph Woods KCVO CBE QPM (20 April 1920–27 January 2001) was a British police officer in the London Metropolitan Police, who was also the first Commissioner of the Australian Federal Police, from 1979 to 1982.
Born in London, Woods was the son of a Metropolitan Police Sub-Divisional Inspector and was educated at Finchley Grammar School. He served in the King's Royal Rifle Corps and the Royal Ulster Rifles (into which he was commissioned in February 1944) throughout the Second World War, from 1939 to 1946, and then joined the Metropolitan Police as a Constable, rising through the ranks to Deputy Commander.
In 1966, he was promoted Commander (Traffic) and in 1968 Deputy Assistant Commissioner (Management Services). The following year he was appointed Commandant of Bramshill Police College, and in 1970 returned to the Met as Assistant Commissioner "B" (Traffic). On 31 March 1972 he was moved to be Assistant Commissioner "C" (Crime). This caused a certain amount of controversy, since he had never previously served in the Criminal Investigation Department (CID), which he was now taking over. Robert Mark, the new Commissioner, had already stated that he believed uniformed and CID officers should be interchangeable in senior posts, and Woods's appointment was the first example of this policy. He was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 1973 Birthday Honours. In 1975, Mark appointed Woods Deputy Commissioner. He was appointed Knight Commander of the Royal Victorian Order (KCVO) in the 1977 Birthday Honours.
On 1 August 1977, Woods was appointed HM Chief Inspector of Constabulary. He held this post for two years until he was asked to establish the new Australian Federal Police in 1979. He was awarded the Queen's Police Medal (QPM) in the 1980 New Year Honours.

</doc>
<doc id="19670292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670292" title="Baluwatar, Bheri">
Baluwatar, Bheri

Baluwatar is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2633 people living in 433 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19670303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670303" title="Froebel College of Education">
Froebel College of Education

Froebel College of Education was one of five colleges in Ireland which is recognized by the Department of Education and Skills for the training and education of national school teachers. It was located at Sion Hill, Cross Avenue, Blackrock, Dublin and is run by the Dominican Order.
Froebel College, along with Coláiste Mhuire of Marino and the Church of Ireland College of Education Rathmines had been associated with Trinity College, Dublin, which both awarded the degree of Bachelor in Education (B.Ed.) and the Higher Diploma in Education (Primary Teaching). The College also ran a BA degree in Early Childhood - Teaching and Learning (NUIM) and a one year Post-Graduate Diploma in Special Education (NUIM). From September 2010, incoming students of Froebel College were being accredited by National University of Ireland, Maynooth (NUIM).
History.
The college was established in 1943 by the Congregation of Dominican Sisters Sion Hill, who also ran the St Catherine's College of Education for Home Economics from 1929 to 2007, in Sion Hill, Blackrock. The 1970s saw the college's qualifications attain B.Ed. status, when Froebel had its degrees accredited by the University of Dublin. In 2008 a refurbishment of the buildings in Blackrock was completed. In April 2010 plans for Froebel College to move to NUI Maynooth were announced.
Froebel Education is associated with progressive child-centred education. It seeks to foster quality teaching and learning, creativity, integration and sound practical classroom management in whatever situations teachers work with children.
Name.
Froebel College of Education took its name from the 19th-century German educator, and founder of Kindergarten, Friedrich Fröbel (1782 - 1852). He advocated reverence for the child, learning through activity, exploration of the environment, enjoyment of beauty in all its manifestations and acceptance of the gifts of each individual.
Move to NUI Maynooth.
From September 2013, the Froebel College of Education course is now situated at National University of Ireland, Maynooth. NUI Maynooth established a "Froebel Department of Early Childhood and Primary Education" and is the first Irish university campus to offer a full-time B.Ed degree course to enable students to qualify as primary teachers.

</doc>
<doc id="19670314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670314" title="Bansi, Nepal">
Bansi, Nepal

Bansi, Nepal is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3363 people living in 601 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19670330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670330" title="Västra Husby">
Västra Husby

Västra Husby is a locality situated in Söderköping Municipality, Östergötland County, Sweden with 486 inhabitants in 2010. There are many places in Sweden called Husby, making it easily mixed up with the suburb in the capital Stockholm.

</doc>
<doc id="19670331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670331" title="Philippe Lallemand">
Philippe Lallemand

His "morceaux de reception" for the Académie royale de peinture et de sculpture in 1672 were his portraits of the author Charles Perrault and of the financier Gédéon Berbier du Metz, president of the "Chambre des Comptes".
Lallemand died in Paris in 1716.
A monograph was Max. Sutaine, "Philippe Lallemant, peintre de Reims XVIIe siècle" (Paris: Regnier) 1856.

</doc>
<doc id="19670335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670335" title="Baraha, Bheri">
Baraha, Bheri

Baraha is a Village Development Committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3085 people residing in 552 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19670357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670357" title="Basantamala">
Basantamala

Basantamala is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2569 people living in 452 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19670362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670362" title="Julian Aleksandrowicz">
Julian Aleksandrowicz

Julian Aleksandrowicz (1908 Kraków –1988 Kraków) was a Polish medical professional, professor of medicine, a notable specialist on leukemia. He is known for having developed concepts of comprehensive psychotherapy of persons suffering from somatic diseases, as well as of the ecological prevention of cancer and leukaemia.
Aleksandrowicz was of Jewish descent, and after German invasion of Poland (during which he fought in the 72nd Infantry Regiment), he was imprisoned in the Kraków Ghetto (he managed to bury his research data beforehand and recover them after the war). He founded one of the three ghetto hospitals. While in the ghetto, he was aided by one of the Polish Righteous, Józef Adamowicz (who was eventually caught and beaten to death by Nazi guards at the ghetto). Later, in 1943, Aleksandrowicz managed to escape the ghetto and became a physician of the Polish resistance, Armia Krajowa in the Kielce-Radom Independent "Jodła" Region, under a nom-de-guerre "Doktor Twardy". Eventually he became a platoon leader. For his participation in the resistance, he would receive the highest Polish military award, the Virtuti Militari medal (as well as other awards, such as the Cross of Merit with Swords and Cross of Valour).
For most of his life, he lived in Kraków. He was an author of many medical texts (including the first Polish textbook on hematology), and a professor (since 1951) and a director of the notable Hematology Clinic at the Jagiellonian university medical college (1950–1978).

</doc>
<doc id="19670372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670372" title="Belaspur">
Belaspur

Belaspur is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2707 people living in 526 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19670381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670381" title="David Hunter Riddle">
David Hunter Riddle

David Hunter Riddle (April 14, 1805–1888) was the ninth and last president of Jefferson College from 1862 until its union with Washington College to form Washington & Jefferson College in 1865. He also served as trustee and the acting Principal of the Western University of Pennsylvania, today known as the University of Pittsburgh, from 1849 to 1855.
Early years.
Riddle was born in Martinsburg, Virginia, on April 14, 1805 and graduated from Jefferson College in 1823, at the age of 18. He then went on to the Princeton Theological Seminary where he graduated and was ordained in 1828. For the next twenty nine years he served as pastor of the Presbyterian Church in Winchester, Virginia, from 1828 to 1833, and then in Pittsburgh from 1833 to 1857 where he served as pastor of the Third Presbyterian Church.
Western University of Pennsylvania.
Riddle served at the Western University of Pennsylvania (WUP), since renamed the University of Pittsburgh, during one of the most tumultuous times in the institution's history. The pastor of Pittsburgh's Third Presbyterian Church, he was also a member of the university's board of trustees. In 1845, the "Great Fire" destroyed not only the university, but a much of the downtown Pittsburgh business district. Riddle's leadership following the disaster was instrumental in the university remaining in the city of Pittsburgh and continuing to hold classes in temporary rooms until a new building could be erected. Within a year, in the summer of 1846, a new building for the university was opened on Duquesne Way, and the university carried on with the business of reassembling collections for its library and equipping its laboratories and classrooms. However, soon after, in July, 1849, another fire again destroyed the university's facilities.
These sequential catastrophes led the university to suspend operations in order to regroup. Riddle, who had by then become president of the university's board of trustees, was chosen to act as Principal, a title, originating from the school's days as the Pittsburgh Academy, that was still given to the head of the university until it was changed in 1872 to Chancellor. Riddle's years serving as acting Principal principally involved overseeing the rebuilding of the university which included investing the university's remaining financial assets, reassembling collections of equipment and resources, and securing a site for the erection of a new building. That structure, completed in 1854, was a 16-room, slate roof and brick building, designed to be as nearly fireproof as possible. It was located on the corner of Ross and Diamond (now Forbes Avenue) streets, on the site of the present day City-County building. The university, under Riddle's guidance, resumed classes on October 8, 1855, and chose his successor, John F. McLaren, who was formally inaugurated as the fourth permanent head of the university on December 19, 1856. The building whose construction was overseen by Riddle housed the university until 1882, when it was sold to Allegheny County to replace its courthouse that was destroyed in a fire that year.
Riddle's family ties to the Western University of Pennsylvania remained strong as his son, Matthew Brown Riddle, was a student at the university when it burned in 1849, and his grandson, Walther Riddle, graduated from the university in 1892. While a student, his grandson played fullback for the university's varsity football team, later served on the Alumni Athletic Committee, and was elected to the university's board of trustees in 1908. During the 1911-12 school year, Matthew and Walther Riddle donated a portrait of David Riddle to the university.
Jefferson College.
Riddle was elected president of Jefferson College from 1862 until the union of the two colleges into Washington & Jefferson College in 1865. Following the union he continued on as Adjunct Professor of Greek at the Jefferson campus until 1868. From there he returned to his birthplace where he served as pastor of the Presbyterian Church for 11 years, until 1879. In 1888, Riddle died at the age of eighty three.

</doc>
<doc id="19670384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670384" title="Belpata">
Belpata

Belpata is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1794 people living in 317 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19670399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670399" title="Yao'an County">
Yao'an County

Yao'an County (姚安县; pinyin: Yáo'ān Xiàn) is located in Chuxiong Yi Autonomous Prefecture, Yunnan province, China.

</doc>
<doc id="19670401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670401" title="Bhawani">
Bhawani

Bhawani is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1421 people living in 269 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19670415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670415" title="Bindhyabasini">
Bindhyabasini

Bindhyabasini is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2455 people living in 430 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19670428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670428" title="Mary Stewart (social worker)">
Mary Stewart (social worker)

Mary Stewart (1862/3 – 4 January 1925) was the first hospital almoner (medical social worker) appointed in the United Kingdom.
Little is known of Stewart's family or early life. She was educated at the North London Collegiate School for Girls and trained as a social worker with the Charity Organisation Society (later the Family Welfare Association).
On 21 January 1895, Stewart was working as secretary of the St Pancras office of the COS when she was appointed almoner to the Royal Free Hospital by Sir Charles Loch, the COS's secretary, an enthusiastic advocate of medical social work. She remained employed by the COS on a salary of £100 per annum, later increased to £125 (the additional £25 paid by the hospital), which was a reasonably good salary for a woman at that time. In 1897, two assistants were appointed to aid her.
In 1899, she resigned from the Royal Free Hospital due to ill-health, but continued to work for the COS. She was knocked down by a car and later died in the Royal Northern Hospital on 4 January 1925.

</doc>
<doc id="19670430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670430" title="Lipopteninae">
Lipopteninae

Lipopteninae is a subfamily of the fly family Hippoboscidae. All are parasitic. 

</doc>
<doc id="19670438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670438" title="Bisalla">
Bisalla

Bisalla is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4222 people living in 748 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19670453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670453" title="Chamunda, Nepal">
Chamunda, Nepal

Chamunda, Nepal is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7641 people living in 1342 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19670457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670457" title="FC Meshakhte Tkibuli">
FC Meshakhte Tkibuli

FC Meshakhte Tkibuli is a Georgian association football club based in Tkibuli.
The club also named Okriba Tkibuli in recent seasons.
Honours.
official web : Fcmeshakhte.com(recently updated domain).

</doc>
<doc id="19670464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670464" title="Transportation Economic Development Impact System">
Transportation Economic Development Impact System

Transportation Economic Development Impact System(TREDIS) is a web-based analysis system that is used in planning major transportation investments in the US and Canada. The role of economic impact analysis and TREDIS in the transportation planning process is explained in guidebooks of the US Department of Transportation and American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials.
TREDIS has been most commonly used for assessing the expected economic impacts of statewide highway programs, regional multi-modal plans and public transport investment. Its history and theoretical foundation is explained in peer reviewed journal articles.
How It Works.
TREDIS has a series of modules that calculate different forms of impacts and benefits. One module is an accounting framework that calculates user benefits, including impacts on cargo transportation and commuting cost, based on transportation forecasting results. A second module calculates wider economic development benefits, including impacts on business productivity, economic development and multiplier effects from input-output analysis. It applies an economic model to estimate impacts on jobs, income, gross regional product and business output, by sector of the economy. A third module applies cost-benefit analysis from alternative perspectives.

</doc>
<doc id="19670466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670466" title="Chauratha">
Chauratha

Chauratha is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2472 people living in 427 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19670480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670480" title="Dada Parajul">
Dada Parajul

Dada Parajul is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4328 people living in 728 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19670488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670488" title="Yongren County">
Yongren County

Yongren County (永仁县; pinyin: Yǒngrén Xiàn) is located in Chuxiong Yi Autonomous Prefecture, Yunnan province, China.

</doc>
<doc id="19670513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670513" title="Dullu">
Dullu

Dullu is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3330 people living in 688 individual households. This place was the winter capital of the kingdom oof Sinja and later became independent until being converted into a subnational kingdom up to 2019 BS when it was annexed into Nepal by King Mahendra. There is a stone tabloid which is supposed to be the first one written in Nepali language .

</doc>
<doc id="19670524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670524" title="Gamaudi">
Gamaudi

Gamaudi is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2948 people living in 568 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19670529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670529" title="Professional Women Photographers">
Professional Women Photographers

Professional Women Photographers (PWP) is a non-profit organization based in New York City, with over 200 members. PWP was founded in 1975 by Dannielle Hayes, with photographer Dianora Niccolini as its first president. The group’s mission historically has been the encouragement and advancement of women photographers.
PWP's mission is "the advancement of women photographers through the creation of a dynamic and supportive environment while promoting public interest in photography."
PWP holds monthly meetings in Manhattan featuring a short curtain raiser by a member, then a presentation by a guest photographer. PWP also holds annual exhibitions of its members work, and various workshops for members. It has an Annual Student Awards program for city high school students.

</doc>
<doc id="19670532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670532" title="Gauri, Bheri">
Gauri, Bheri

Gauri is a Village Development Committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2008 people residing in 390 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19670535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670535" title="FC Merani Martvili">
FC Merani Martvili

FC Merani Martvili is a Georgian association football club based in Martvili.
History.
The club has previously been called Salkhino Gegechkori (soviet times), Chkondidi Martvili and Salkhino Martvili in recent seasons.
In 2010 the club reached semifinal of the Georgian cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19670547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670547" title="Goganpani, Bheri">
Goganpani, Bheri

Goganpani, Bheri is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2574 people living in 449 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19670559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670559" title="Jagannath, Bheri">
Jagannath, Bheri

Jagannath is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2165 people living in 413 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19670565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670565" title="Siw Wittgren-Ahl">
Siw Wittgren-Ahl

Siw Wittgren-Ahl (born 1951) is a Swedish social democratic politician. She has been a member of the Riksdag since 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="19670568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670568" title="Jacobs Wind">
Jacobs Wind

Jacobs Wind Electric Co. Inc. is the oldest small wind turbine company in the United States. It has been designing consumer wind systems sized to the changing distributed electric loads of their periods since the mid-1920s.
The firm was started by Marcellus and Joseph Jacobs, after local interest in their wind electric system for their family’s Montana Ranch, built in 1922, brought them requests from neighbors to provide them with wind generated electric power as well. 
M.L. & Joe moved the firm to Minneapolis in 1963 to begin production of improved wind/engine distributed energy systems which were sold in the U.S., Canada, and Mexico, as well as on every major continent, through a Dealer network that grew to over 300. Early Jacobs' machines included one taken to Antarctica by Richard Evelyn Byrd and installed (at Byrd's 'Little America') in 1933, running until 1955. Before production ceased in the late 1950s, about 20,000 Jacobs Wind Energy Systems (1 - 3 kW) were shipped from Minneapolis.
In 1980 a new restart of production of Jacobs Wind Energy Systems began in Minneapolis, with marketing of larger 10 - 20 kW systems. Most of these 1,500+ wind systems produced from 1980-85 were grid connected. The majority of them went to pioneering windfarms in Hawaii and California. 
In Minnesota, Jacobs units began being connected to Rural Electric Cooperative (REC) grids starting in 1981. Many of these systems are still on line to REC grids’ selling renewable wind power (AG-WATTS) in 2008. 
Today, the firm’s designers (several now in their 4th decade in the wind industry) are working with local RECs on a new generation of consumer wind systems sized to ever larger consumer electric loads at distributed rural sites. Units producing over 20 kW have been under test & will enter the market later in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19670581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670581" title="Jambukandh">
Jambukandh

Jambukandh is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4601 people living in 866 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19670585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670585" title="Chicken Fried">
Chicken Fried

"Chicken Fried" is a song that has been recorded by two different bands. The first version was recorded in 2003 by the Zac Brown Band, whose frontman Zac Brown wrote it, for the 2005 album "Home Grown". A second version was then released in 2006 by The Lost Trailers, whose version was released as a single but withdrawn from radio. Two years later, the Zac Brown Band re-recorded the song and released it as the first single from their album "The Foundation". In late 2008, it became their first chart single, as well as their first number-one hit on the "Billboard" country charts. The Zac Brown Band version was also featured in the 2008 movie "Witless Protection", starring Larry the Cable Guy.
The song has also been placed at number 39 for the Taste of Country's "Top 100 Country Songs of all Time" chart.
History.
Brown began co-writing "Chicken Fried" with Wyatt Durrette several years before the song's release. The two met when Brown was playing at a tavern in Atlanta, Georgia. According to "Country Weekly" magazine, Brown had already started the song, when he and Durrette began listing off "things that are very southern or characteristic of the South to put into this song." The song was completed gradually over several years. After the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks, Brown decided to add the third verse, which has a patriotic theme ("I thank God for my life / For the stars and stripes…"). Although he had already begun performing the song, he still considered it unfinished until he added a line to the second verse.
The Zac Brown Band first recorded "Chicken Fried" in 2003 and later included this version on their self-released 2005 album "Home Grown". Later on, in 2006, The Lost Trailers covered the song as their first release for the BNA Records label, with Blake Chancey serving as producer. Although The Lost Trailers' version had entered the country charts, it was soon withdrawn from radio and replaced with "Call Me Crazy", as Brown had changed his mind about licensing the song to BNA. "Call Me Crazy" then went on to peak at 43 in mid-2006.
In 2008, the Zac Brown Band re-recorded "Chicken Fried" for their fourth album, "The Foundation", which Keith Stegall produced. This re-recording was then released in mid-2008 as the band's first single, reaching Number One on the country charts in late 2008. As of October 16, 2013, the song has sold 4 million copies in the United States.
Chart performance.
The Lost Trailers' version of the song reached as high as #52 on the Hot Country Songs chart in 2006 before being withdrawn as a single. The Zac Brown Band's version made its debut at #59 on the same chart for the week of June 28, 2008, peaking at #1 on the chart week of December 6. This song also made the Zac Brown Band the first country music group to reach Number One with a debut single since Heartland's 2006 Number One hit "I Loved Her First". It sold over 4 million copies in the US in October 2013, the sixth country song to reach this mark. It has sold 4.06 million copies as of January 2014.
Sales and certifications.
! Country
! Provider
! Certification
! Sales

</doc>
<doc id="19670586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670586" title="Sustainment Command (Expeditionary)">
Sustainment Command (Expeditionary)

The Sustainment Command is a United States Army Logistics Headquarters.
The Sustainment Command's primary mission is to command the Sustainment Brigades that provide combat support and combat service support in the areas of supply, maintenance, transportation, field services and the functional brigades or battalions that provide medical, general engineering & construction, smoke generation, biological detection and decontamination support.
The command is designed to deploy into a theater of operations, assume command of the logistical units in place and provide oversight and materiel management. The command will report to a Theater Sustainment Command while in theater.

</doc>
<doc id="19670595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670595" title="Kal Bhairab, Nepal">
Kal Bhairab, Nepal

Kal Bhairab is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3787 people living in 713 individual households.
In kalbhairab there are two villages bhukahan & toryan .In bhukahan bhatu, bhairabthan, rumalthan,amaldharaghara,baradanda,okhaldhunga etc. are famous places. In torayan palta,lamagada etc. are famous places.

</doc>
<doc id="19670601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670601" title="Hatfield, Herefordshire">
Hatfield, Herefordshire

Hatfield is a small village near Leominster in Herefordshire, England. In the village is a caravan site called Fair View caravan site.
The very interesting and beautiful church is St Leonard's, one of the oldest in Herefordshire, and recorded in the Domesday Book of 1086. Other features are 13th and 14th century bells and a late Saxon tub font. There is also a blocked late Saxon north doorway. See this site for further information and photos : [http://www.britainexpress.com/counties/hereford/churches/hatfield.htm]
Nearby villages include Bockleton. Nearby towns include Tenbury Wells and Bromyard, as well as Leominster. The city of Hereford lies to the south. The Herefordshire Trail runs through the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19670634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670634" title="FC Khobi">
FC Khobi

FC Khobi is a Georgian association football club based in Khobi.
The club also named Olimpia Khobi and Kolkheti Khobi in recent seasons.

</doc>
<doc id="19670646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670646" title="FK Milicionar">
FK Milicionar

FK Milicionar () was a Serbian football team based in Belgrade. Ran by Serbian Serbian Ministry of Internal Affairs, they were formerly a Yugoslav First League team, but owing to financial problems they were forced to quit professional football in 2001 by merging into FK Radnički Obrenovac.
The club played its home matches in the Belgrade neighbourhood of Makiš at a ground that's part of Serbian Interior Ministry sports and recreation center.
Currently, the club FK Policajac (also set up by the Serbian Interior Ministry) exists purely as an amateur team, but has no legal continuity with the club that was dissolved in 2001.
Notable former players.
"For the list of all former players with Wikipedia article, please see: :Category:FK Milicionar players."

</doc>
<doc id="19670650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670650" title="Yuanmou County">
Yuanmou County

Yuanmou County (元谋县; pinyin: Yuánmóu Xiàn) is located in Chuxiong Yi Autonomous Prefecture, Yunnan province, China.
The famous Yuanmou Man was found in Yuanmou County in 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="19670654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670654" title="Kalika, Dailekh">
Kalika, Dailekh

Kalika, Dailekh is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2010 people living in 346 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19670657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670657" title="Maryam Yazdanfar">
Maryam Yazdanfar

Maryam Yazdanfar (born 1980) is a Swedish social democratic politician. She has been a member of the Riksdag since 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19670667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670667" title="Kasikandh">
Kasikandh

Kasikandh is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3256 people living in 555 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19670675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670675" title="Katti">
Katti

Katti is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4113 people living in 699 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19670681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670681" title="Anatoly Kasheida">
Anatoly Kasheida

Anatoly Fedorovich Kasheida (Kosheida) (; August 14, 1928, Talne, USSR— June 19, 1998, Uman, Ukraine) was a Soviet writer, poet, journalist of Ukrainian descent.
In 1947, graduated from Baku naval preparatory school, then studied at the Higher Naval College named Mikhail Frunze. In 1958, was dismissed in stock. Then he studied at the Gorky Literary Institute in Moscow and worked in the press agency Novosti.

</doc>
<doc id="19670688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670688" title="Khadkawada">
Khadkawada

Khadkawada is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3048 people living in 585 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19670704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670704" title="FC Samtredia">
FC Samtredia

FC Samtredia is a Georgian association football club based in Samtredia.
The club has also been named Lokomotivi Samtredia, Sanavardo Samtredia, Juba Samtredia and Iberia Samtredia in recent seasons.
Current squad.
"As of January, 2011"

</doc>
<doc id="19670711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670711" title="Kharigaira">
Kharigaira

Kharigera is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3169 people living in 607 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19670718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670718" title="Kusapani">
Kusapani

Kusapani is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3355 people living in 603 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19670723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670723" title="Arthur Forrest (speedway rider)">
Arthur Forrest (speedway rider)

Arthur Forrest (born 5 January 1932 in Bradford, England – died 2000) was a former international speedway who qualified for the Speedway World Championship finals five times.
Career summary.
Forrest started his career with the Halifax Dukes in the National League Division Three. In his opening season aged just seventeen he scored nineteen maximums (unbeaten by an opponent) from fifty meetings. The following season the Dukes rode in National League Division Two, but Forrest carried on from the previous season, actually raising his average. Whilst with the Dukes he was called up to ride for England at only eighteen years of age. After a third season with the Dukes in 1951 he joined hometown club, the Bradford Tudors in 1952.
The Tudors competed in National League Division One and Forrest rode so well he became top of the teams averages, and qualified for the first of his five World final appearances. He remained with the Tudors until 1957 before joining the Coventry Bees but his career seemed to have already peaked in 1956 when he finished in third place of the Speedway World Championship after beating Peter Craven in a run off.
At the end of the 1959 season, Forrest retired from speedway at only twenty six years of age.

</doc>
<doc id="19670734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670734" title="Lakhandra">
Lakhandra

Lakhandra is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3479 people living in 591 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19670748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670748" title="Lakuri">
Lakuri

Lakuri is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3234 people living in 573 individual households.
Media.
To Promote local culture Lakuri has one FM radio station Radio Dhrubatara F.M. - 89.8 MHz Which is a Community radio Station.

</doc>
<doc id="19670764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670764" title="Lalikanda">
Lalikanda

Lalikhanda is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3363 people living in 515 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19670772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670772" title="Lyati Bindraseni">
Lyati Bindraseni

Lyati Bindraseni is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4780 people living in 936 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19670773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670773" title="Sopan Baug">
Sopan Baug

Sopan Baug is a posh residential area in Pune, Maharashtra, western India. It is situated around a fruit orchard of the same name. It is accessible by the BT Kavade Road and the Prince of Wales Drive. Situated nearby is Uday Baug.
Sopan Baug has a number of apartment complexes near it. The most well known of them are Florentine and Midtown Societies. A railway runs near Sopan Baug.
Sopan Baug became one of the most sought after residential destination due to its close proximity to Koregaon Park. Some of the prominent residential complexes of Sopanbaug which have super luxurious flats and apartments are listed on Puneproperties.com
There are number of good schools nearby like The Army Public School, Bishops Camp, St. Vincents.

</doc>
<doc id="19670790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670790" title="Vlissingen railway station">
Vlissingen railway station

Vlissingen ("English name: Flushing") is a terminus railway station, in the town of Vlissingen, the Netherlands. The station opened on 1 September 1873. The station is at the western end of the Roosendaal–Vlissingen railway and has 3 platforms. This station is less than short of being the westernmost station in the Netherlands: that is Vlissingen Souburg, the second station in Vlissingen. The station Vlissingen was formerly called Station Vlissingen-Haven.
The station was largely destroyed in World War II. A new station was built in 1950, designed by Sybold van Ravesteyn, using some parts of the 19th century structure such as the platforms.
The train services are operated by Nederlandse Spoorwegen and the bus services by Connexxion.
Train service.
The following services start at Vlissingen:
Bus services.
The following bus lines stop at the station:

</doc>
<doc id="19670792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670792" title="Bhairi Kalikathum">
Bhairi Kalikathum

Mairi Kalikathum is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4206 people living in 773 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19670801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670801" title="2009 North American SuperLiga">
2009 North American SuperLiga

The 2009 SuperLiga was the third edition of the SuperLiga. The top four overall Major League Soccer teams from the 2008 season not already qualified for the CONCACAF Champions League earned qualification, as well as four clubs from the Primera División de México. All games of the tournament were broadcast live on Fox Sports World in Canada, Telefutura in the United States, and Televisa and TV Azteca in Mexico and an internet stream on the SuperLiga website. UANL won their first title after beating Chicago Fire 4–3 on penalties in the final.
Qualification.
The teams involved were selected based on qualification rules set by their respective leagues.
On November 21, 2008, MLS announced that for the 2009 tournament, the top four teams in the 2008 MLS regular season standings not competing in the CONCACAF Champions League in 2009-10 would qualify for SuperLiga 2009. That ruling means that the top two teams from the 2008 MLS season, the Columbus Crew and the Houston Dynamo, who had already qualified for the CONCACAF Champions League 2009–10, were not eligible to participate in the Superliga 2009.
On May 14, 2009, FMF announced that for the 2009 tournament the top four eligible teams from the Clausura 2008 and Apertura 2008 overall season standings not competing in the CONCACAF Champions League would qualify for SuperLiga 2009. That ruling meant that the Apertura-08 Champion Toluca and the runner-up Cruz Azul (2008 3rd and 4th overall respectively), who had already qualified for the CONCACAF Champions League 2009–10, were not eligible to participate in the tournament. Guadalajara (2nd overall) and UNAM (6th overall) declined to participate.
The SuperLiga 2009 participants were:
From Major League Soccer:
From Primera División de México:
Group stage.
There were two groups of four teams. Each group contained two clubs from each league with the top two teams from each groups advancing to the semifinals.

</doc>
<doc id="19670804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670804" title="Malika, Bheri">
Malika, Bheri

Malika, Bheri is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4245 people living in 813 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19670815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670815" title="Moheltolee">
Moheltolee

Moheltolee is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1877 people living in 360 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19670818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670818" title="Christina Zedell">
Christina Zedell

Christina Zedell (born 1960) is a Swedish social democratic politician. She has been a member of the Riksdag since 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19670825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670825" title="Narayan, Nepal">
Narayan, Nepal

Narayan is a town and municipality in Dailekh District of Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal.
Media.
To Promote local culture Narayan has two Community radio Station. one is Radio Dailekh - 96.2 MHZ is and other Radio Panchakoshi - 104 MHz. 

</doc>
<doc id="19670833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670833" title="Naule Katuwal">
Naule Katuwal

Naule Katuwal is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2935 people living in 591 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19670844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670844" title="Nepa">
Nepa

Nepa is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3621 people living in 739 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19670852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670852" title="Naumule">
Naumule

Nomule is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1610 people living in 251 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19670862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670862" title="Dwari">
Dwari

Odhari is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2286 people living in 368 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19670869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670869" title="Padukasthan">
Padukasthan

Padukasthan is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3456 people living in 669 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19670878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670878" title="Pagnath">
Pagnath

Pagnath is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2044 people living in 341 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19670892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670892" title="Piladi">
Piladi

Piladi is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2264 people living in 362 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19670898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670898" title="Mikoyan Skat">
Mikoyan Skat

__NOTOC__
Designed by the Russian firm Mikoyan, the Skat (Russian: Скат – "Manta ray") is one of two concept strike UCAV developed for the Russian Defense Ministry.
SKAT is a low-observable, subsonic craft meant to carry weapons in two ventral weapons bays large enough for missiles such as the Kh-31, powered by a single Klimov RD-5000B turbofan engine, a variant of the RD-93.
Possible roles include the suppression and attack of enemy air defenses. The first version of Skat to fly is planned to be piloted in order to meet Russian flight regulations. A number of aerodynamic configurations have been wind-tunnel tested, including with small twin fins. MiG has settled on a tail-less configuration.
The single-engine subsonic design has an 11.5 meter (37.7 ft) wingspan, and is 10.25 meters (33.6 ft) long. The UCAV has a maximum take-off weight of 10 tons, with a maximum speed of 800 kilometers per hour (497 mph) at low altitude. It is intended to carry a combat load of up to two tons, with a combat radius of 2000km (1240 miles).
Current status.
As General Director of RSK "MiG" Sergei Korotkov said to the press earlier, the development of Skat was discontinued. By the decision of Russian Defence Ministry Sukhoi Holding became the new Head Developer of the Strike UCAV project. Still, Skat experience would be used by Sukhoi. RSK "MiG" specialists are expected to work in the new project. On 3 June 2013, MiG signed a research and development contract to built a UCAV based on the Skat design.

</doc>
<doc id="19670901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670901" title="Lena Olsson">
Lena Olsson

Lena Olsson (kan heta Anna Karlsson också (born 1958) is a Swedish Left Party politician. She has been a member of the Riksdag since 2006. She was also a member from 1998 to 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19670903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670903" title="Marine Mammal Commission">
Marine Mammal Commission

The Marine Mammal Commission is an independent agency of the U.S. government, established under Title II of the Marine Mammal Protection Act. 
The Marine Mammal Commission ("MMC") provides independent oversight of the marine mammal conservation policies and programs being carried out by other American government agencies. 

</doc>
<doc id="19670904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670904" title="Pipalkot, Bheri">
Pipalkot, Bheri

Pipalkot is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1876 people living in 318 individual households.
Villages of Pipalkot.
Theare are meny villages at Pipalkot VDC some villages name are as flowing:-

</doc>
<doc id="19670915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670915" title="Pusakot Chhiudi">
Pusakot Chhiudi

Pusakot Chiudi is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3415 people living in 683 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19670916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670916" title="Garfield Place Historic District">
Garfield Place Historic District

The Garfield Place Historic District is a small residential neighborhood in southern Poughkeepsie, New York, United States. It is a area covering all properties on Garfield Place, which runs for two blocks between Franklin and Montgomery streets, as well as some on nearby sections of Montgomery and Barclay. In 1972 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Today's Garfield Place was originally part of a area known as the "Little Commons", owned by the van Kleeck family, when Poughkeepsie was incorporated as a village in 1799. In the first decades of the new century, it grew rapidly and a man named Bronson French bought a portion of the Little Commons. In turn he sold it to a partnership of four local businessmen in 1836, who saw it as desirable for upscale homes since it was close to the center of the village and situated on a hill with commanding views of the Hudson River.
They surveyed the property and subdivided it into building lots shortly afterward. At auction, the lots sold for an average of $25 per square foot. However, the Panic of 1837 slowed the economy shortly afterwards, and ground was not broken until the early 1850s when Joseph Corlies, one of the partners, built himself the house at 28 Garfield as a demonstration of what sort of home could be built on the new street.
Others followed, lured by advertising that cited the quietness of the streets, the view of the river and its proximity to the growing city's downtown. By the 1880s South Liberty Street had been pretty much built out. In 1881, the street's name was changed to Garfield Place in memory of recently assassinated President James A. Garfield. The last lots would be developed in the early 20th century.
The houses continued to remain among the city's most desirable addresses, and later on a carriage house originally built for Corlies' home was converted into another residence, 30 Garfield. The street's success as one of the city's first historic districts led the residents of neighboring Academy Street to seek the same status in 1982. It is subject to special architectural rules enforced by the city's Historic District and Landmark Preservation Commission (HDLPC).

</doc>
<doc id="19670919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670919" title="Rakam Karnali">
Rakam Karnali

Rakam Karnali is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2201 people living in 402 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19670939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670939" title="Raniban, Bheri">
Raniban, Bheri

Raniban, Bheri is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3495 people living in 561 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19670949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670949" title="FIR">
FIR

FIR or fir may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19670953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670953" title="Rawalkot">
Rawalkot

Rawalkot is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4037 people living in 769 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19670964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670964" title="Room, Nepal">
Room, Nepal

Rum (Nepali: रूम्) is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1575 people living in 290 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19670965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670965" title="Karl Dilthey">
Karl Dilthey

Karl Dilthey (18 March 1839, Biebrich – 4 March 1907, Göttingen) was a German classical scholar and archaeologist.
After studying at Breslau and Bonn, Dilthey — younger brother of the renowned philosopher Wilhelm Dilthey — travelled to Greece. After being "Privatdozent" at Bonn until 1866/67, he moved to Rome and in 1869 to Zurich, where he was appointed ordinary professor of classical philology and archaeology. In 1878 he moved to Göttingen as ordinary professor of classical philology, later archaeology. He became director to the archaeologic-numismatic collections of the University and ordinary member of the Göttingen Academy of Sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="19670979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670979" title="Marianne Berg">
Marianne Berg

Marianne Berg (born 1954) is a Swedish Left Party politician. She has been a member of the Riksdag since 2006. She is openly lesbian.

</doc>
<doc id="19670987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670987" title="Salleri, Bheri">
Salleri, Bheri

Salleri is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3823.

</doc>
<doc id="19670997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670997" title="Sensory preconditioning">
Sensory preconditioning

Sensory preconditioning is a phenomenon of classical conditioning that demonstrates learning of an association between two stimuli during an initial phase where the two stimuli (S1 and S2) are presented together but never followed by reinforcement. During the first stage of the experiment, presentations of S1 are followed promptly by S2. In the second stage of the experiment, S2 is repeatedly paired with an unconditioned stimulus so that it becomes a conditioned stimulus. Finally, in the third stage of the experiment, S1 is presented by itself. The phenomenon is demonstrated if S1 elicits a conditioned response during stage 3.

</doc>
<doc id="19670998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19670998" title="Ned Ryun">
Ned Ryun

Ned Ryun (born February 28, 1973) is the founder and president of American Majority, an organization that identifies and trains candidates and activists who will become involved in local government, school district governance, or state legislatures. He is the publisher of NedRyun.com, a website on which he publishes the podcast series History of the Constitutional Convention, a collection of podcasts providing a behind the scenes look at the Philadelphia Convention; and Days of Revolution, a history of the American colonies from the French and Indian War until the American Revolution. Ryun has authored two books with his brother Drew Ryun. Ryun and his wife, Becca Parker Ryun, currently live in Purcellville, Virginia with their four children.
Education and Background.
Ryun graduated co-valedictorian from Lawrence High School in Lawrence, Kansas. He attended the University of Kansas from 1996 to 2000. Ryun graduated with honors in English and History. While there, Ryun also ran on the Cross Country and Track and Field teams.
Ryun, the son of former U.S. Congressman Jim Ryun, was a former presidential writer for George W. Bush and the co-founder and former director of the Generation Joshua program. Ryun currently sits on the board of the Madison Project.
Authored Books.
Ned Ryun has co-authored two books with his father and twin brother, Drew Ryun. "Heroes Among Us" was released in 2002 and "The Courage to Run" was released in 2006.
Media Appearances.
Ryun has been featured on Fox News, CNN, Politico and The Washington Post, among other notable media outlets. He is an occasional front page contributor to RedState.com, the "most widely read right of center blog on Capitol Hill." Ryun is also a regular contributor to the American Spectator website.
American Majority.
In 2008, Ned Ryun founded American Majority, Inc., an organization devoted to identifying and training grassroots candidates for state and local elections. He currently serves as the group's president. American Majority is a nonprofit, nonpartisan 501(c)(3) organization.
Ryun and American Majority gained notoriety during the 2011 Wisconsin protests over the state's 2011 budget. While predominantly liberal protestors and members of Wisconsin labor unions filled the Wisconsin State Capitol demanding that the Act 10 legislation be defeated, Ryun and other organizations affiliated with the Tea Party organized a February 19 counter-rally to support Wisconsin governor Scott Walker outside of the state capitol building. Speaking alongside Ryun were Andrew Breitbart, Herman Cain, novelist Brad Thor, and others. Ryun, after speaking to an audience of an estimated ten thousand, appeared on "Fox and Friends" on the FoxNews channel.

</doc>
<doc id="19671002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19671002" title="Sattalla">
Sattalla

Santalla is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3302 people living in 613 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19671012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19671012" title="Saraswoti, Nepal">
Saraswoti, Nepal

Saraswoti is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3836 people living in 680 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19671024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19671024" title="Moos (singer)">
Moos (singer)

Moos is a French singer (born in 1974, in Toulouse, France) and had a great success with the song "Au Nom de la rose".
Biography.
Moos was born in Toulouse to Moroccan parents and raised in the multiethnic neighborhood of Mirail, where different styles are mixed: African raï, funk, R&B. He first performed a song on Radio Toulouse, then released his first single in 1998, "Qui me donnera des ailes" ("Who Will Give Me Wings"), which was frequently played on French radio. His greatest success was the second single "Au Nom de la rose", released in 1999, which was both number one in France and Belgium (Wallonia) for several months. "Le Crabe est érotique", his first and only album to date, hit success being ranked among the best-selling albums in France from May to August 1999 (11 weeks, reaching number 11). In September of that same year, Moos released his third single "Délicate Chatte", but the song failed to follow up the success as the video was censored and never shown on television. Many of his songs deals with themes related to sensuality and melancholy.
Moos has continued his music and songs like "Comme une étoile" and "Olivia" has been unofficially released on internet. Parallel with this activity he has opened a teahouse and a night club in Toulouse.

</doc>
<doc id="19671028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19671028" title="Seri, Bheri">
Seri, Bheri

Seri () is a Village Development Committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1692 people residing in 291 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19671038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19671038" title="Self Help Africa">
Self Help Africa

Self Help Africa is an international charity that promotes and implements long-term rural development projects in Africa.
The organisation works with rural communities in nine African countries – supporting farm families to grow more and earn more from their produce. Self Help Africa provides training and technical support to assist households to produce more food, diversify their crops and incomes, and access markets for their surplus produce.
The agency also helps rural communities to access micro-finance services, and supports sustainable agricultural solutions that enable rural farmers to adapt and mitigate the effects of climate change.
Enterprise development, value-added production, on and off farm diversification, programmes that promote community-seed production, innovation and working with women farmers in Africa are also features of the organisation's development work.
Self Help Africa works with local partners across its African programmes to support the provision of good quality local seed and planting materials. This work includes assistance to local communities to multiply their own seed, and provision of support for rural groups so that they can get certification for the seed that they produce.
Self Help Africa is a recipient of funding from Irish Aid, the European Commission, US AID, the United Kingdom Department of Foreign and Overseas Development (DFID), of variety of trusts, foundations, other institutional donors, and the general public.
The agency has its headquarters in Dublin, Ireland, UK offices in Shrewsbury, London and in New York.
Programmes in Africa.
Self Help Africa collaborates with government agencies and local partner NGOs on programmes in Ethiopia, Malawi, Kenya, Uganda, Zambia, Ghana, Togo, Benin and Burkina Faso. It completed 15 years of development activities in Eritrea in 2011. It began work in its newest programme country - Benin - in 2012, with a programme that is supporting small-scale farmers to access international markets for its cashew crops.
Projects currently being carried out Self Help Africa include DISCOVER, a multi-annual consortium project with a number of partners including GOAL, Concern Universal and local partners that is seeking to support 100,000 people to adapt to climate change and produce food in Malawi; a US Aid backed project 'Community Connectors' in Uganda, an Irish Aid funded multi-year project in Northern Zambia; and a UK Aid backed collaborative Progamme Partnership Agreement (PPA) with FARM-Africa. The PPAs are strategic level agreements based around mutually agreed outcomes and individual performance frameworks against which the organisations report on an annual basis.
Self Help Africa is also implementing the Mtukula Agricultural Enterprise Fund (MAEF), a grant-making initiative that has been established to enable smallholder farmers in Southern Africa to develop enterprising solutions, and is involved in the creation of African Agriculture Alliance (AAA), a social enterprise to provide a sustainable and scalable way of supporting agricultural enterprise development.
A subsidiary of Self Help Africa, 'Partner Africa' was established in 2012 to support ethical and socially responsible business practice. Partner Africa is based in Nairobi, Kenya, and provides high quality and innovative ethical trade services and capacity building programmes to the private sector across Africa.
2006-2008.
Farmer and businessman Tom Corcoran, a former chairman of agri-food corporation Glanbia was appointed chairman of Self Help Development International (SHDI) in 2006, and Raymond Jordan joined as chief executive in 2007.
Self Help Africa was established in mid-2008 following a merger between SHDI and the UK agency Harvest Help - both set up in the wake of African famines in the mid-1980s., Both agencies had worked for almost 30 years, seeking long term solutions to the problem of famine and food insecurity in Sub-Sahara.
Self Help has won several awards for its website, including an Irish Golden Spider for 'Best Charity Web Site' in 2004, and an Annual Digital Media Award 'Best Information Web-Site' in 2007.
2009-2010.
In November 2009 Self Help Africa was formally launched in the United States by former Irish President and UN High Commissioner for Human Rights Mary Robinson.
In 2009 the organisation collaborated with a number of international development agencies including Development Fund of Norway and FARM-Africa to publish 'Climate Frontline - African Communities Adapting to Survive', which was launched in Dublin by Irish Environment Minister John Gormley, at the EU in Brussels, in London, and in several African capitals. The publication sought to lend a voice to rural Africa, and show how the rural poor were already adapting to survive in a changing climate. The launches were arranged in advance of the COP 15 summit on Climate Change in Copenhagen.
2011-2012.
In 2011 a campaign 'Change Her Life' was mounted by Self Help Africa that sought to lobby funding agencies and donors to provide a fair share of existing support to Africa's women farmers. The campaign argued that while Africa's women farmers do as much as 80% of the work, they receive as little ast 5-10% of the support that is available - including farm advice, seed, land and access to markets. A video to promote the campaign received more than 110,000 views on YouTube, while thousands signed a petition to support the campaign.
A promotional video produced by Self Help Africa "It starts with a seed" was selected by Bill Gates as the Best Video entry in The Gates Foundation "Answering the Challenge" competition that was held in 2011.
In 2012 Self Help Africa were the beneficiaries of a trans-Asian 'Silk Roads to Shanghai' expedition that took Irishmen Maghnus Collins Smyth and David Burns overland across a distance of 18,000 km from Istanbul to Shanghai - by bike, run and raft. The expedition took the participants ten months to complete, and succeeded in raising close to €50,000 to support the charity's work in Africa.
2012-2013.
Self Help Africa extents its work to Benin, and establishes Partner Africa, a social enterprise that provides ethical auditing services to the private sector, and provides training and support to enable African businesses to access the international value-chain.
Self Help Africa is also instrumentation in the creation of the, a social enterprise to provide a sustainable and scalable way of supporting agricultural enterprise development. A multi-sector alliance, AAA is seeking to be responsive to the priorities of farmer organisations and entrepreneurs as well as to local, regional and global market opportunities.

</doc>
<doc id="19671039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19671039" title="Aiguille du Croissant">
Aiguille du Croissant

The Aiguille du Croissant is a minor summit in the Grand Combin massif in the Pennine Alps. Because of its small prominence it was included in the enlarged list of alpine four-thousanders.

</doc>
<doc id="19671042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19671042" title="Toli, Bheri">
Toli, Bheri

Toli is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2493 people living in 399 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19671045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19671045" title="Geographically Speaking">
Geographically Speaking

Geographically Speaking is an American travel series that debuted on June 9, 1946, on NBC, and aired Sundays at 8:15 pm EST immediately following the game show "Face to Face". 
The weekly 15-minute program was one of the first TV shows to have a regular sponsor, Bristol-Myers. The show consisted of hostess Mrs. Carveth (Zetta) Wells narrating her 16mm home movies of her trips with her husband to unusual and exotic places. When she ran out of home movies, the series ended in October 1947.
Mrs. Wells later appeared as a contestant on Groucho Marx's "You Bet Your Life", on TV and radio, in February 1958.
Episode status.
No episode of the series is known to survive in any archive, as it was broadcast live and there was no way to record live TV until the development of kinescopes in 1947. Even then, only a few TV shows were recorded.

</doc>
<doc id="19671049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19671049" title="Josefin Brink">
Josefin Brink

Josefin Brink (born 1969) is a Swedish Left Party politician. She has been a member of the Riksdag since 2006. She married Åsa Brunius the 10th of july 2011

</doc>
<doc id="19671050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19671050" title="Indian music (disambiguation)">
Indian music (disambiguation)

Indian music may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19671054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19671054" title="Sigaudi">
Sigaudi

Sigaudi is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4442 people living in 821 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19671055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19671055" title="Centre for Comparative Welfare Studies (CCWS)">
Centre for Comparative Welfare Studies (CCWS)

Centre for Comparative Welfare Studies (CCWS), Department of Economics, Politics and Public Administration, Aalborg University, (founded in 1995) is a multidisciplinary research group analysing the functioning, challenges and patterns of change of contemporary welfare states. Focus is on comparative studies, or on the Danish and the Scandinavian welfare states in a comparative perspective. Basic research is the major research agenda, but group also conducts analyses that are relevant to current policy debates.
The research centre is run by Professor in Political Sociology Jorgen Goul Andersen.

</doc>
<doc id="19671066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19671066" title="Singasain">
Singasain

Singasain is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3702 people living in 692 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19671075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19671075" title="Tilepata">
Tilepata

Tilepata is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4305 people living in 797 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19671086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19671086" title="Tolijaisi">
Tolijaisi

Tilijaisi is a village development committee in Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3596 people living in 627 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19671124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19671124" title="Dailekh">
Dailekh

Dailekh is a town and seat of Dailekh District in the Bheri Zone of western-central Nepal. 

</doc>
<doc id="19671132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19671132" title="Royalist (disambiguation)">
Royalist (disambiguation)

Royalist refers to a supporter of a particular monarch.
Royalist may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19671152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19671152" title="Ted Mondale">
Ted Mondale

Theodore A. "Ted" Mondale (born October 15, 1957) is a politician and entrepreneur. He is the elder son of the former senator, ambassador and Vice President Walter Mondale and Joan Mondale. He is a former Minnesota state senator and former CEO of Nazca Solutions, Inc. - a technology fulfillment venture based in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
History.
After serving in the Minnesota State Senate, Mondale sought the Democratic primary nomination for Minnesota governor in 1998. Coincidentally, the race included three other candidates from families famously connected in Minnesota politics: Skip Humphrey, the son of former Vice President Hubert Humphrey (then Attorney General); Mark Dayton of the Dayton Department Store dynasty (then State Auditor); and Mike Freeman, son of former governor Orville Freeman (then Hennepin County, Minnesota district attorney). Mondale, more fiscally moderate than the other candidates and who had distanced himself from labor, did not prevail in the primary.
Later, in 1999, Mondale was appointed chairman of the Metropolitan Council in the Cabinet of Governor Jesse Ventura. He oversaw the initiation of high density housing/retail development in the Twin Cities, as well as light-rail transportation planning from the suburban areas to the central cities. In 2011, he was named chair of the Metropolitan Sports Facilities Commission by Governor Mark Dayton. In 2012, Mondale was named the CEO of the Minnesota Sports Facilities Authority
Family.
Mondale is separated from his wife, Pam, with whom he has three children.
Mondale's sister, Eleanor Mondale (1960–2011), was a television personality who began her television career at a Minneapolis local network affiliate, and moved on to the E! Online cable channel and eventually the CBS show "This Morning." She has also had small roles in a few movies and TV shows. She had brain cancer from 2005 until her death from the disease at age 51. She co-hosted WCCO Radio's midday show with Susie Jones, following the retirement of Pat Miles.
Mondale's brother, William H. Mondale, is an attorney and a former Assistant Attorney General for the State of Minnesota from 1990 to 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="19671203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19671203" title="Jug Thesenga">
Jug Thesenga

Arnold Joseph "Jug" Thesenga was a Major League Baseball pitcher who pitched in five games for the Washington Senators in .

</doc>
<doc id="19671220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19671220" title="Chambi, Himachal Pradesh">
Chambi, Himachal Pradesh

Chambi is a very small village in the State of Himachal Pradesh in India. The village is situated among the mountains. The Village does not have a post office or school and is very sparsely populated.

</doc>
<doc id="19671233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19671233" title="Metropolitan Regatta">
Metropolitan Regatta

The Metropolitan Regatta is an international rowing regatta. It takes place on Dorney Lake, Buckinghamshire near Eton next to the River Thames in southern England. It attracts crews from schools, clubs and universities from around the United Kingdom, Europe and the United States.
History.
The regatta, which was officially first raced in 1866, arose out of a challenge given by the West London Rowing Club to the London Rowing Club the year before.
On 8 August 1865, two races were held on the Tideway from Putney to Chiswick Church, following the efforts of the captains of the most prominent rowing clubs at the time, as the initial challenge had resulted in an invite being sent to the captains of the Metropolitan Rowing Clubs, inviting them to enter a junior eight oared crew (made up of men who had never previously competed successfully in any open races).
The final was won by the London Rowing Club crew, Thames Rowing Club came second and West London third. At the same time a pair oared race was also held, which attracted eight entries. London Rowing Club were again victorious.
The event was so successful that it was decided to establish an annual regatta on the Putney water and a committee of management was formed, composed of the captains of nearly all the recognised amateur rowing clubs on the Thames.
The initial committee was short lived, and since then, following the initiate of LRC captain Herbert Playford, the management of the regatta has been in the hands of London Rowing Club. The Regatta's first Hon. Secretary was Charles Dickens, Jr..
In following years, the event was held on the first available tide after Henley when high water was around 5 pm.
The races held at the first regatta, over a course from Putney Aqueduct to Chiswick Church, were as follows:
A number of the early challenge trophies are still awarded, namely: 
The entry details for the first three stated that "The above events are open to the world." The London Cup forms part of sculling's "triple crown" in conjunction with the Diamond Challenge Sculls and the Wingfield Sculls
Location changes.
By 1883, the regatta had settled on a course of about a mile and three quarters (from Putney to Hammersmith or vice versa according to the state of the tide). In 1977 the decision was taken to move the Regatta away from the Tideway and its traditional home and it was relaunched in 1980 at Thorpe Park, Surrey. This resulted in the first senior multi-lane regatta in the south-east of England, held on four-lanes over 1,500 metres among disused gravel pits.
In 1988 the regatta was relocated to the Royal Albert Dock, raced on a seven lane course over a distance of 1,750 metres.
In 2001 the regatta moved to the (now) International Rowing Federation (FISA) international-standard course at Dorney Lake which has eight racing lanes over 2,000m and a separate channel for crews to go to the start/warm up. The first years at Dorney saw racing over 1500m, as the course was slowly completed.

</doc>
<doc id="19671238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19671238" title="Hanoi Railway Station">
Hanoi Railway Station

Hanoi Railway Station is one of the main railway stations on the North–South Railway (Reunification Express) in Vietnam. It serves the city of Hanoi. The station is located at 120 Lê Duẩn Street, Cua Nam Ward, Hoan Kiem District of Hanoi and is the starting point of five railway lines leading to almost every Vietnamese province.
Departures from Hà Nội.
These are the passenger services departing from Hanoi Main station
The train to Nanning departs from Hanoi Gia Lam
2 more trains to Haiphong departing from Hanoi Gia Lam
History.
Hanoi Railway Station opened in 1902. The building was damaged in the Vietnam war 1972 and in 1976 the central hall was rebuilt in modern style, preserving the historic side wings (only the middle was bombed).

</doc>
<doc id="19671240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19671240" title="2000s">
2000s

2000s may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19671257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19671257" title="Pic Tyndall">
Pic Tyndall

Pic Tyndall (from French: lit, "Tyndall Peak") is a minor summit below the Matterhorn (western shoulder) in the Pennine Alps, on the boundary between Aosta Valley (northern Italy) and Switzerland. Because of its small prominence it was included in the enlarged list of alpine four-thousanders. It was named in honour of John Tyndall who made the first ascent.
First ascent.
Pic Tyndall was not considered as a goal in itself but it was located on the Lion ridge, where most of the attempts to climb the Matterhorn took place. Its summit was effectively reached during one of those attempts by John Tyndall accompanied by his guides Johann Joseph Bennen and Walter. Jean-Antoine Carrel and César Carrel were engaged as porters. The five men started from Breuil on July 27, 1863.
A wooden ladder, which Tyndall had taken with him, helped them over the most difficult passage, subsequently named the "grande corde". They could not go any higher than Pic Tyndall since the cleft that separated it from the final peak of the Matterhorn, named the "enjambée", stopped them. It was at the time, the highest altitude reached by man on the Matterhorn.
John Tyndall wrote:

</doc>
<doc id="19671270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19671270" title="David McConaughy (college president)">
David McConaughy (college president)

David McConaughy (September 29, 1775 – January 29, 1852) was the fourth president of Washington College from 1831 to 1852. 
McConaughy was born in York County, now Adams County, Pennsylvania. He graduated from Dickinson College in 1795 and went on to be the pastor of a church in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania. McConaughy was elected president of Washington College on December 21, 1831. During his presidency Washington College expanded from one building to two with the construction of a new building. Also the number of graduates increased from three in 1832 to over fifty in 1849, his last year in office. McConaughy also helped organize and was appointed a Trustee of the Washington Female Seminary, which was established in 1837 near the College campus. In 1847 interest in uniting the two colleges of Jefferson and Washington again arose and although no action resulted, relations between the two colleges were friendly and it appeared that "The College War" was over. McConaughy resigned as president October 12, 1849, at the age of 74. He died January 29, 1852, in Washington, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="19671274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19671274" title="Garibald (name)">
Garibald (name)

__NOTOC__
Garibald (also Gariwald, Garivald, Garioald, Gerbald, Gerwald, Charoald) is a Germanic masculine given name. It is the root of the names Gerald, Gerold, and their variants in other languages. Garibald was a popular name among the Lombards and Bavarii in the Early Middle Ages. Its Lombardic forms are "Garipald" and "Gairipald"; in modern Italian it is "Garibaldo" or "Garivaldo" (feminine "Garibalda"), and gives rise to the patronymic Garibaldi, and the adjective "garibaldino" ("Garibaldian", meaning daring, reckless, bold). Its roots are "gaira"/"ger" (lance, spear) and "baltha"/"bald" (bold). Today the name is used mainly in Italy, to form an ideological connection with the Risorgimento led by Giuseppe Garibaldi. 

</doc>
<doc id="19671285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19671285" title="Donauweibchen">
Donauweibchen

Donauweibchen ("Danube Mermaid"), Op. 427, is a waltz composed by Johann Strauss II in December 1887. The composition features melodies from Strauss' operetta "Simplicius". It was first performed in January 1888 at one of Eduard Strauss's Sunday concerts in the Musikverein.

</doc>
<doc id="19671286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19671286" title="John F. Kennedy High School (Willingboro, New Jersey)">
John F. Kennedy High School (Willingboro, New Jersey)

John F. Kennedy High School is a defunct public high school in Willingboro Township in Burlington County, New Jersey, United States that operated until the end of the 1988-89 school year, as part of the Willingboro Township Public Schools.
Willingboro High School was opened in 1975 as a response to the overcrowded student population at John F. Kennedy High School, at the time the only high school in Willingboro, located just down the road on Kennedy Way. For a short time, residents were having a difficult time in deciding what to call the new Willingboro high school; some sought to name the new high school "J.F. Kennedy High School - East" while others debated on naming the school, "Robert F. Kennedy" after the recently deceased Attorney General and senator from New York and President Kennedy's brother. A vote was taken and it was decided that the only appropriate name would be what the school is called today "Willingboro High School".
The two schools were merged at the start of the 1989-90 school year, with all students attending what is now Willingboro High School and John F. Kennedy High School was closed.
Willingboro Township purchased the site of the defunct high school in late 1998, with plans to turn it into a community center that could include a conference center, theater, indoor tennis courts and other athletic facilities.

</doc>
<doc id="19671300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19671300" title="Irving Stowe">
Irving Stowe

Irving Harold Stowe (July 25, 1915 – October 28, 1974) was a Yale lawyer, activist, visionary and a founder of Greenpeace. He was named one of the “BAM 100” (Brown University’s 100 most influential graduates of the 20th century).
Irving Stowe was born Irving Strasmich in Providence, Rhode Island. He graduated magna cum laude from Brown University in Economics before completing a law degree at Yale. In the 1930s he studied Mandarin, believing it to be the language of the future. He chaired the Legal Advisory Committee of the Rhode Island Council for Human Rights; marched against nuclear proliferation; and on his wedding night (an elopement with Dorothy Rabinowitz, a social worker and fellow activist) both bride and groom attended a benefit dinner for the NAACP. 
In 1961 Stowe moved with his wife and their two young children to New Zealand, where he taught Admiralty Law at the University of Auckland. He joined protests against the Vietnam War. Born Jewish, he and his wife both became ardent pacifist and changed their religion to Quaker and their surname to Stowe, emulating Quaker author Harriet Beecher Stowe.
In 1966, Stowe and his family moved to Vancouver, Canada, where he became a full-time activist. He drew up the Constitution for a small group trying to stop nuclear testing on Amchitka Island, the Don't Make a Wave Committee. Fellow activists Marie and Jim Bohlen and law student Paul Coté were among the earliest members. At the end of one meeting, Stowe flashed the "V" sign customary in the sixties and said, "Peace". Bill Darnell responded "Let's make it a green peace", coining the phrase that has become ubiquitous.
An environmental columnist, Stowe understood the symbiotic relationship between the media and activism and recruited gifted journalists to the Amchitka campaign. Always passionate about music, he played classical violin, had his stereo equipment custom built. To finance the first Greenpeace voyage he organized a benefit concert with Joni Mitchell, James Taylor, Phil Ochs and Chilliwack, now known as the Amchitka Concert. He was on the executive board of the New Democratic Party of Canada but declined requests to run for office, preferring to work independently as an activist. 
In 1972 the Don't Make a Wave Committee officially changed its name to Greenpeace. Stowe died of pancreatic cancer two years later, at the age of 59. After his death, newspaper columnists characterized him as “a man of principle,” one who "made a substantial impact on this world, perhaps as much of an impact as could possibly be sought after outside of the realms of politics, literature and art.” Bob Hunter, who later became president of Greenpeace International, eulogized Stowe in his "Vancouver Sun" newspaper column: "No one could say that Irving wasted his time here. He expended himself fully. He contributed precisely as much as he could. When other men were lying back, waiting to see what nightmare would materialize next, Irving was moving like a human whirlwind toward the goal of heading the nightmare off."

</doc>
<doc id="19671304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19671304" title="Television Screen Magazine">
Television Screen Magazine

Television Screen Magazine, also known as TV Screen Magazine, is a NBC Television Network series which debuted 17 November 1946, airing Sundays at 8:30pm ET, and ran from 1946 to 1949. Hosts and panelists included Bob Haymes, John McCaffery, Millicent Fenwick, Ray Forrest, Alan Scott, and George F. Putnam. The series later moved to Saturdays at 8:30pm ET.
The program featured a magazine-type format with various subjects and guests. According to some sources, as the series aired during the early days of live television, very few famous people agreed to appear on the series.
Episode status.
While it is unclear if any episodes survive of this series, it is certain that none of the 1946 episodes survive, as NBC did not start kinescoping its programs until 1947, and even then only a few series were recorded. 
An audio recording of the live TV broadcast of September 14, 1948 from WNBT-TV in New York City is listed as archived in the SONIC Catalogue of Library of Congress. The audio recording features a news recap, followed by interviews with an Irish beauty queen and a horseback rider, among others.

</doc>
<doc id="19671324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19671324" title="Vaquero (disambiguation)">
Vaquero (disambiguation)

A Vaquero is a Spanish or Mexican rider noted for equestrian skill and ability to handle cattle.
The term may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19671325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19671325" title="Diane Falkenhagen">
Diane Falkenhagen

Diane Falkenhagen is an American artist metalsmith living and working in Texas.
Life and work.
For more than three decades Diane Falkenhagen has been creating and exhibiting art jewelry. In 1977 she received her B.F.A. from the University of North Texas and in 1981 she received her M.F.A. from the University of Houston. A native Texan, Falkenhagen lives and works on west Galveston Island.
She is best known for her mixed media jewelry in which she transforms 2-D images into 3-D objects. The images serve the same purpose in the pieces as a gemstone would, drawing the viewer in and focusing their attention. Her images and inspiration come from art history, iconography, metaphor, and memory.
Falkenhagen’s jewelry is held in private collections and is exhibited all over the world. Some of her work had been featured in the publications "American Craft", "Metalsmith", "Ornament", "Southwest Art", the "New York Times", and the books: "Color on Metal", "500 Brooches" and "500 Necklaces".
She also runs workshops and is an assistant professor at the University of Houston. She is active in promoting the field of metalsmithing and is a former member of the Board of Directors of SNAG, the Society of North American Goldsmiths. She is also a former member of the editorial advisory committee of "Metalsmith" magazine.
Education.
M.F.A., University of Houston, Houston, Texas, 1981
B.F.A., University of North Texas, Denton, Texas, 1977
Publications.
2008:
"Ornament" magazine, Vol. 31, No. 3, pp, 66-67; Review of "Framing: The Art of Jewelry/Touching Warms The Art" at the Museum of Contemporary Craft, Portland OR; by Alice Scherer
2007:
"Metalsmith" magazine, Exhibition in Print, "Framing the Art of Jewelry;" Curated by Ellen Lupton; Vol.27, No. 4, pp. 32, 33, 41
2006:
"500 Necklaces: Contemporary Interpretations Of A Timeless Form"; p. 84; Marthe Le Van, Editor; Intro by Marjorie Schick; Lark Books, 2006, Asheville, NC
2005:
500 "Brooches: Inspiring Adornments For The Body", p. 60; Marthe Le Van, Editor; Intro by Marjorie Simon; Lark Books, 2005, Asheville, NC
2002:
"Metalsmith" magazine, Exhibition in Print; Vol. 22, No. 4, p. 20
2001:
"Color on Metal", pp. 96–97; Tim McCreight and Nicole Bsullak; Guild Publishing, 2001, Madison, WI
"Metalsmith"; Vol. 21, No. 5, p. 46; Review of solo exhibition at Sybaris Gallery; by Susan Holt
2000:
"Ornament", autumn issue, Vol. 23, No. 5, pp. 42 – 44; feature article about her work, "Subverting Traditional Definitions;" by Asia Freeman
American Craft, October/November issue, Vol. 60, No. 5; p. 119; work reproduced in "Gallery"
"Jewelry Circles Magazine", Vol. 54, April, pp. 106–108 (Published in Taiwan); feature article,"The Image Transferred Jewelry of Diane Falkenhagen" by Chia-Chi Tu
1999:
"Metalsmith", Vol. 19, No. 2, p. 47; "The Environmental Bead" by John Cogswell; Review of "The Environmental Bead" exhibition
1998:
"Southwest Art", June; p. 106; work reproduced in "Of the West" section
1997:
"New York Times", August 17; "New and Bold Takes on the Humble Bead" by Bess Liebenson; Review of "The Environmental Bead" exhibition
1996:
"Metalsmith" magazine, Exhibition in Print, Vol. 16, No. 4, p. 11
1992:
"Metalsmith", winter issue, Vol. 12, No.1, pp. 42–43; Review, "Val Link and Graduates: A Platinum Retrospective," the Boardwalk Gallery of Goldsmiths; by Beverly Penn
American Craft, April/May issue, Vol. 51, No. 8, pp. 40–41; featured artist in "Portfolio"
1991:
"Metalsmith", winter issue, Vol. 11, No. 1, p. 48; Review of solo exhibition at Two Friends Gallery; by Claire Holiday
1982:
"American Craft", April/May issue, Vol. 42, No. 2, p. 72; work reproduced in "Gallery" section
Selected exhibitions.
2008:
"Framing: The Art of Jewelry;" Curated by Ellen Lupton; Museum of Contemporary Craft, Portland, OR
SOFA - New York; Represented by Mobilia
"Yuma Art Symposium Presenters' Exhibition," in Conjunction with Yuma 28 Art Symposium, Yuma Art Center, Yuma AZ
"Summer Faculty Exhibition," Arrowmont School of Arts and Crafts, Gatlinbury, TN
2007:
"Jewelry From Paintings and Architecture," Mobilia Gallery, Cambridge, MA
"Framing: The Art of Jewelry;" Curated by Ellen Lupton; SOFA- Chicago
Three3/ Diane Falkenhagen, Feature exhibition, Goldesberry Gallery, Houston, TX
2006:
"Representations: A Decade of Work by Diane Falkenhagen," National Ornamental Metals Museum, Memphis, TN
"Annual Jewelry and Metal Arts Invitational," Goldesberry Gallery, Houston, TX
"Polished: Three Decades of Metal at UNT," UNT Artspace FW, Ft. Worth, TX
"100 Brooches," Pacini Lubel Gallery, Seattle, WA
"Metalisms: Signature Works in Jewelry and Metalsmithing," Center for Visual Art, Metropolitan State College of Denver, CO
2005:
"Metals 2005," Penland School of Crafts, Penland, NC
"100 Brooches," Velvet da Vinci Gallery, San Francisco, CA, and traveling to other venues
"Juncture: Physical and Conceptual Connections in Contemporary Jewelry," curated by Sandra Zilker, Houston Center for Contemporary Craft, Houston, TX
"Annual Jewelry and Metal Arts Invitational," Goldesberry Gallery, Houston, TX 
Spring Faculty Exhibition, Penland School of Crafts, Penland, NC
Summer Faculty Exhibition, Arrowmont School of Arts and Crafts, Gatlinburg, TN
2004:
"Metals and Otherwise: Jewelry Media Connections," Florida Society of Craftsmen, St. Petersburg
"Annual Jewelry and Metal Arts Invitational," Goldesberry Gallery, Houston, TX
2003:
"big/LITTLE: Jewelers & Sculptors Making it in Metal," Craft & Cultural Arts Gallery, Oakland, CA
"Exhibition in Motion III," SNAG Conference, San Francisco, CA
"Transformation 3: Small Metals and Jewelry, Elizabeth R. Raphael Founder's Prize," National Ornamental Metals Museum, Memphis, TN
"Botanical Jewelry," Mobilia Gallery, Cambridge, Massachusetts
SOFA - Chicago, Representation by Mobilia Gallery
2002:
"Diane Falkenhagen, Poetic Portrayals," solo show, Susan Cummins Gallery, Mill Valley, CA
SOFA-New York; Representation by Susan Cummins Gallery
Summer Faculty Invitational Exhibition, Arrowmont School of Arts and Crafts, Gatlinburg, TN
Solo Exhibition, Pratt Fine Arts Center, Seattle, WA
2001:
"Diane Falkenhagen," solo show, Sybaris Gallery, Royal Oak, MI
"Color on Metal," OXOXO Gallery, Baltimore, MD and Stone Harbor, NJ
"Transformation 3: Small Metals and Jewelry, Elizabeth R. Raphael Founder's Prize," Society for Contemporary Craft, Pittsburgh, PA
SOFA-Chicago; Representation by Susan Cummins Gallery
"Alaska Juried Sculpture Exhibition," Bunnell Street Gallery, Homer, AK
2000:
"Diane Falkenhagen," solo show, University of Houston–Clear Lake, Houston, TX
"Attitude and Action! North American Figurative Jewelry," University of Central England School of Jewellery, Birmingham Institute of Art and Design, England; The DESIGNyard, Dublin, Ireland
"Current Views," Pratt Fine Arts at COCA, Seattle, WA
1999:
"The Shadow of Memory," Group Exhibition, Susan Cummins Gallery, Mill Valley, CA
1998:
"The Bolo Show," Artables Gallery, Houston, TX
1997:
"Metals, Etc.," Lubbock Fine Arts Center, TX
"Hard Evidence," Southwest Craft Center, San Antonio, TX
"The Environmental Bead," Brookfield Craft Center, Brookfield, CT
1995:
"Jewelry: Varied Visions," Artables Gallery, Houston, TX
"Women's Work," Appalachian Center For Crafts, Smithville, TN
1994:
"Brooch: The Subject," Tempe Arts Center, Tempe, AZ
1992:
"Contemporary Texas Art Jewelry," Artisans Gallery, Austin, TX
"Materials Hard and Soft," Center For The Visual Arts, Denton, TX
"Regional Craft Biennial," Arkansas Art Center, Little Rock, AR
1991:
"Metals Expressions II," Appalachian Center For Crafts, Smithville, TN and National Ornamental Metals Museum, Memphis, TN
"Val Link And Graduates: Platinum Retrospective," Boardwalk Gallery, Houston, TX
1990:
"Diane Falkenhagen," Solo Show, Two Friends Gallery, Galveston, TX
"National Metals Invitational," Mesa Arts Center, Mesa AZ
"Materials Hard and Soft," Center for the Visual Arts, Denton, TX
1989:
"The Wichita National '89," Wichita Art Association, Wichita, KS
"Jewelry Today," The Joan Michilin Collection, New York, NY
"United States Metal," San Francisco State University
"Art Jewelry," University of Dallas, Haggar Gallery, Irving, TX
"Diverse Directions: A Southwest Fiber and Metal Invitational," Pima Com. College, Tucson, AZ
1988:
"University of North Texas Alumni Exhibition," Bell Plaza Gallery, Dallas, TX
"Great West Metal Show," Northern Arizona University Art Gallery, Flagstaff, AZ
"Materials Hard and Soft," Center for the Visual Arts, Denton, TX
"S.N.A.G. Earring Competition," The Joan Michilin Collection, New York, NY
"Review - Ten Years of Women and Their Work," One Congress Plaza, Austin, TX 
"Made in the Shade," Baton Rouge Gallery in City Park, Baton Rouge, LA (Honorable Mention)
"Spotlight ' 88: Southeast/Southwest Crafts," Moody Gallery of Art, Univ. of Alabama, Tuscaloosa
1987:
"The Small Show," Lawndale Art and Performance Center, Houston, TX
"Materials Hard and Soft," Center for the Visual Arts, Denton, TX
"The Ostiano Collection," Gallery 99, Bay Harbor, FL
1986:
"Contemporary Metals U.S.A. II,"Downey Museum of Art, Downey, CA
1984:
"Modern Metal Show," Sarah Spurgeon Gallery of Central Washington University, Ellensburg, WA
"31 Texas Artists," Annie Hawkins Gallery, Houston, TX
1983:
"American Metalwork in Kyoto," Kyoto Municipal Museum of Traditional Industry, Kyoto, Japan
"Texas Designer/Craftsmen," University of North Texas, Denton, TX
"Artists in Residence," Galveston Arts Center, Galveston, TX
1982:
"First National Crafts,"Galveston Arts Center, Galveston, TX
"Recent Works - Diane Falkenhagen and Bill Hall," University of Houston at Clear Lake City, Houston, TX
"Texas Designer/Craftsmen 1982," Texas A. & M. University, College Station, TX (Best of Show)
1981:
"Masters of Fine Art," Group thesis exhibition, Sarah Campbell Blaffer Gallery, University of Houston, Houston, TX
1980:
"Inside Texas Borders," Corpus Christi State Univ., TX
"80 Texans," Galveston Arts Center, Galveston, TX
"Tradition and Change," University of Houston at Clear Lake City, Houston, TX
"Selected Works: Texas Designer/Craftsmen," University of St. Thomas, Houston, TX
1979:
"Women In Sight: New Art in Texas," Dougherty Cultural Arts Center, Austin
1978:
"Exhibitionists," Adelle M.Taylor Gallery, Dallas, TX
1977:
"17th Texas Crafts Exhibition," Dallas Museum of Fine Arts, Dallas, TX
Teaching.
2008:
Summer Faculty, Arrowmont School of Arts and Crafts, Gatlinburg, TN
Workshop Presenter for V.A.S.E., a statewide Visual Arts Scholastic Event, Texas Art Education Association, University of Houston–Clear Lake, Houston, TX
2007- 2008:
Full-time Visiting Assistant Professor, University of Houston, Jewelry/Metalsmithing, Houston, TX
Workshop Presenter for V.A.S.E., a statewide Visual Arts Scholastic Event, Texas Art Education Association, University of Houston–Clear Lake, Houston, TX
2007:
Workshop Presenter 92nd St. Y, New York, NY
Workshop Presenter Mendocino Art Center, Mendocino, CA
Workshop Presenter, Bowling Green State University, OH
2006 - 2007:
Affiliate Artist, teaching Intermediate Jewelry/Metalsmithing, University of Houston, TX
2006:
Workshop Presenter, Mendocino Art Center, Mendocino, CA
2005:
Spring Faculty, Penland School of Crafts, Penland, NC
Summer Faculty, Arrowmont School of Arts and Crafts, Gatlinburg, TN
2004:
Workshop Presenter for University of Wisconsin at Green Bay
2002:
Master Artist and Workshop Presenter, Pratt Fine Arts Center, Seattle, WA
Summer Faculty, Arrowmont School of Arts and Crafts, Gatlinburg, TN
Workshop Presenter, Lazard School of Contemporary Jewelry, Mexico City, Mexico
2000:
Workshop Presenter, University of Houston, for the Houston Metal Arts Guild, Houston, TX
Workshop Presenter, University of Alaska Fairbanks, for the Alaska Metal Arts Guild
1999:
Workshop Presenter, Touchstone Center for Crafts, Farmington, PN
1998:
Workshop Presenter, Southwest School of Art and Craft, San Antonio, TX
Workshop Presenter, Appalachian Center For Crafts, Smithville, TN
Adjunct Art Faculty (Jewelry and Metalsmithing), Houston Community College, Houston, TX
1981 - 1992:
Adjunct Art Faculty (Jewelry and Metalsmithing), Galveston College, Galveston, TX
1983:
Workshop Presenter, University of North Texas, Denton, TX
Other Professional Activities.
2008:
Presenter on the topic of her work, Yuma 29 Art Symposium, Yuma, AZ
Honoree for the School of Visual Arts and Design; University of North Texas Alumni Appreciation Day
Juror for V.A.S.E., a statewide competition for Visual Arts Scholastic Event, Texas Art Education Association, University of Houston–Clear Lake, TX
Panelist on Professional Art Practices; Houston Area Fibers Association, Houston, TX
2007:
Co-Chair with Sandra Zilker for the 2010 SNAG Conference, Going To Extremes, in Houston, TX
Juror for V.A.S.E., a statewide competition for Visual Arts Scholastic Event, Texas Art Education Association, University of Houston–Clear Lake, TX
2006:
Juror for V.A.S.E., a statewide competition for Visual Arts Scholastic Event, Texas Art Education Association, University of Houston–Clear Lake, TX
Published written review of "Hanging in Balance: 42 Contemporary Necklaces," Metalsmith magazine; Vol. 26, No. 1, p. 49
Jury Coordinator and Entry Organizer for Metalsmith magazine's "2006 Exhibition in Print"
2005:
Published written review of Charles Lewton Brain's 2004 solo exhibition at Fleury Gallery in Houston, TX; Metalsmith magazine; Vol 25, No. 3
2004:
Speaker, Colorado Metalsmithing Association's annual conference, Salida, CO
Guest Speaker, Houston Metals Arts Guild, Center for Contemporary Crafts, Houston, TX
Published written review of "Beyond Ornament: Contemporary Jewelry From The Helen Williams Drutt Collection," Metalsmith magazine; Vol. 24, No. 5, p. 55
2002:
Speaker on the topic of her work, Northwest Jewelry/Metals Symposium, Seattle, WA
2000 - 2003:
S.N.A.G. Nominations and Elections Committee Member, Chair 2002-2003
2000:
Recipient of Alaska State Council on the Arts Career Development Grant
1999 - 2002:
Founding member and Vice President, Alaska Metal Arts Guild
1996-2000:
Board of Directors, S.N.A.G. (Society of North American Goldsmiths)
1998-2000:
Metalsmith magazine Editorial Advisory Committee
1995:
Visiting Artist, Appalachian Center For Crafts, Smithville, TN
1994:
Visiting Artist, Glassell School of Art, Houston, TX
1990:
Juror, "Protégé Exhibition," Art Museum of Southeast Texas, Beaumont, TX
Guest Lecturer, Gallery Guild of the Art Museum of Southeast Texas, Beaumont, TX
1989:
Juror and Co-Producer, "Emerging Artists - S.N.A.G. ' 89,"a multimedia presentation presented at the Society of North American Goldsmiths Conference, San Antonio, TX
Juror, "1989 Student Exhibition," Blaffer Gallery, University of Houston, Houston, TX
1988:
Guest Curator, "Something For Nothing," exhibit of works by contemporary American folk artist, Felix Fox Harris and photos of the artist by Keith Carter, Rosenberg Library, Galveston, TX
1986:
Guest Curator, "Mainstreams in Metal," an invitational exhibition of works by 13 nationally acclaimed metal artists, Galveston Arts Center, Galveston, TX
Memberships.
Society of North American Goldsmiths
Houston Metal Arts Guild 
Museum of Fine Arts - Houston 
American Craft Council
Galveston Arts Center
Sources.
Society of North American Goldsmiths 
Artist’s Web Portfolio and Biography 

</doc>
<doc id="19671367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19671367" title="Loudoun Mansion">
Loudoun Mansion

Loudoun Mansion is a historic house located in the Germantown neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
An example of Federal-style and Greek-revival architecture, the main structure was built by Thomas Armat in 1801 and expanded in 1810. The Greek portico was built in 1830. The house stands on one of the highest hills overlooking Philadelphia and the Delaware River from Germantown. During and after the Battle of Germantown many wounded soldiers were carried to the top of the hill where Loudoun now stands.
The house was donated to the City of Philadelphia in 1939. The house is a contributing property of the Colonial Germantown Historic District.

</doc>
<doc id="19671369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19671369" title="Stadium Checkers">
Stadium Checkers

Stadium Checkers (also known as Roller Bowl) is a tabletop race game for 2 to 4 players ages 8 to adult. The object of the game is to be the first to move one's five colored marbles from the outer rim of the 'stadium' to a slot in the center of the board. The game was introduced in 1952 and originally published by W.H. Schaper Mfg. Co., Inc.. In 2004, the game was republished as "Roller Bowl" by Winning Moves Games USA. Its original name was restored in 2007.
Game play.
Players begin the game by choosing one color of marble and placing them in the start positions on the outer-most ring on the board. Starting with the start player, players take turns choosing one of the rings on the board and rotating it until one or more marbles drop to the next ring. A player cannot choose a ring to rotate that does not have marbles adjacent to it, as marbles must be made to drop by twisting the ring on a player's turn. As the marbles work towards the center chutes, players try to navigate their marbles towards their chute. If a player's marble falls into a chute that is not his own, the marble is returned to the start position on the outer-most ring of the board. The first player to get all five of their marbles into their chute in the center wins the game.

</doc>
<doc id="19671379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19671379" title="The Personal Jewel Collection of Elizabeth II">
The Personal Jewel Collection of Elizabeth II

The Queen's Jewels (or the King's Jewels, when the monarch is male) are a historic collection of jewels owned personally by the monarch of the Commonwealth realms; currently Queen Elizabeth II. The jewels are separate from the British Crown Jewels. The origin of a royal jewel collection distinct from the official crown jewels is vague, though it is thought that the jewels have their origin somewhere in the sixteenth century. Many of the pieces are from far away lands and were brought back to the United Kingdom as a result of civil war, coups and revolutions, or acquired as gifts to the monarch.
The official Crown Jewels of the United Kingdom are worn only at coronations (St. Edward's Crown being used to crown the monarch) and the State Opening of Parliament (the Imperial State Crown). On other formal occasions tiaras are worn. When the Queen goes abroad, she wears a tiara from her personal collection at formal events.
History.
General history.
Unlike the British Crown jewels—which mainly date from the accession of King Charles II—the jewels in the Queen's personal collection are not crown regalia, or insignia of state. Most pieces in the collection were designed for female monarchs or consorts, although some male monarchs have also contributed to the collection. Some of the pieces from far away lands were brought back to the United Kingdom as a result of civil war and revolutions. In more recent years the monarch has worn pieces of the collection in her capacity as Queen of Australia, Canada and New Zealand as the removal of the British Crown Jewels from the United Kingdom is prohibited. Queen Elizabeth II can be seen wearing jewels from her personal collection in official portraits for these realms (see external links).
The House of Hanover dispute.
In 1714 when the Stuart line was forced to abandon the Throne, the Kingdom of Great Britain and the Kingdom of Hanover both came to be ruled in personal union by the British monarchs of the House of Hanover. Early Hanoverian monarchs were careful to keep the respective heirlooms separate. King George III gave half his British heirlooms to his bride, Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz, as a wedding present. In her will, Charlotte left the jewels to the 'House of Hanover'. In the meantime the Kingdom of Hanover adopted the Salic Laws, stipulating that succession descended only through males. Thus when Queen Victoria acceded to the throne of the United Kingdom, Ernest Augustus, Duke of Cumberland and Teviotdale, became King of Hanover. King Ernest demanded a portion of the jewelry, not only as the monarch of Hanover but also as the son of Queen Charlotte. Victoria flatly declined, claiming that the jewels had been bought with British money. Ernest's son George V of Hanover continued to press the claim. Victoria's husband, Prince Albert, suggested she make a financial settlement with the Hanoverian monarch to keep the jewels, but the Parliament of the United Kingdom informed the Queen they would neither purchase the jewels nor loan funds for the purpose. A Parliamentary commission was set up to investigate the matter, and in 1857 they found in favour of the House of Hanover. On 28 January 1858 the jewels were handed to the Hanoverian Ambassador, Count Kielmansegge.
Diadems and tiaras.
The King George IV State Diadem.
The George IV State Diadem (also known as the "Diamond Diadem") was made in 1820 by the Royal Goldsmiths Rundell, Bridge and Rundell for the coronation of George IV. It was designed to encircle the King's velvet Cap of Estate that he wore in the procession to Westminster Abbey. The diadem includes 1333 diamonds weighing 325.75 carats (65.15 g), and 169 pearls along its base. Its design features roses, thistles and shamrocks, the floral symbols of England, Scotland and Ireland respectively.
The diadem was also worn during the coronation procession of Queen Victoria, and later Queen Elizabeth II. It is also worn by Elizabeth II in the procession to the State Opening of Parliament. It has been featured in many portraits of the Queen, including one by Raphael Maklouf. The diadem featured on the world's first postage stamp, the "Penny Black" of 1840. Even now, the diadem can be seen on banknotes and coins throughout the Commonwealth realms. In her will, Queen Victoria left the diadem to the Crown, not only ensuring the diadem would be worn by future monarchs but thereby also making the diadem part of the British Crown Jewels.
Delhi Durbar Tiara.
The Delhi Durbar Tiara was made in 1911 by the then Royal Jewellers, Garrard & Co., for Queen-Empress Mary (wife of King-Emperor George V) to wear at the 1911 Delhi Durbar.
This tiara is made of platinum and gold, and set with diamonds. It was part of the Queen Mary's parure of emeralds and diamonds made for the 1911 Durbar, which also included a necklace, stomacher, brooch and earrings. While King George V wore a crown for the Durbar (the newly commissioned Imperial Crown of India), his Consort Queen Mary did not wear a crown for the occasion; instead, Queen Mary wore the Durbar Tiara, together with the other items of the Delhi Durbar parure.
The Dehli Durbar Tiara takes the form of a tall circlet of lyres and S-scrolls, linked by festoons of rose and brilliant-cut diamonds. The upper border was originally set with ten of the Cambridge emeralds, acquired by Queen Mary in 1910 and originally owned by her grandmother the Duchess of Cambridge, but these were removed by 1922 for use elsewhere. In the year following the Delhi Durbar, the tiara was altered to take either or both of the two Lesser Stars of Africa – Cullinan III and IV; the drop-shaped stone was held at the top of the jewel and the cushion-shaped stone hung in the oval aperture below.
In 1946, Queen Mary lent the tiara to the then Queen Consort Elizabeth (later Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother) for the 1947 South African Tour and it remained with her until her death in 2002, when it passed to Queen Elizabeth II. In 2005, it was lent by the Queen to Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall.
The George III Fringe Tiara.
The George III tiara is a circlet incorporating brilliant diamonds that were formerly owned by George III. Originally commissioned in 1830, the tiara has since been worn by many Queens Consort. Originally it could be worn as a collar or necklace or mounted on a wire to form the tiara. Victoria first wore it as a tiara during a visit to the Royal Opera in 1839. In Franz Xaver Winterhalter's painting 'The First of May', made in 1851, Victoria can be seen wearing it as she holds Prince Arthur, the future Duke of Connaught and Strathearn. In a delicate veiled reference to the adoration of the Magi, The Duke of Wellington can be seen presenting the young prince with a gift, while Prince Albert looks on.
Queen Mary Fringe Tiara.
This tiara (which can also be worn as a necklace) was made for Queen Mary in 1919. It is not, as has sometimes been claimed, made with diamonds that had belonged to George III but re-uses diamonds taken from a necklace/tiara purchased by Queen Victoria from Collingwood & Co as a wedding present for the then-Princess Mary in 1893. In August 1936, Queen Mary gave the tiara to Queen Elizabeth.
When Queen Elizabeth, consort of King George VI, first wore the tiara, Sir Henry "Chips" Channon called it 'an ugly spiked tiara'. The Queen later lent it to her daughter, Princess Elizabeth, as "something borrowed" for her wedding in 1947. As Princess Elizabeth was getting dressed at Buckingham Palace before leaving for Westminster Abbey the tiara snapped. Luckily, the court jeweller was standing by in case of emergency, and was rushed to his work room by a police escort. The Queen reassured her daughter that it would be fixed in time, and it was. Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother later also lent it to her granddaughter, Princess Anne, for her marriage to Captain Mark Phillips in 1973. It was put on show with a number of other royal tiaras in 2001.
The Vladimir Tiara.
The Vladimir Tiara, sometimes referred to as the Diamond and Pearl Tiara, was purchased in 1921 by Queen Mary, who bought it from Grand Duchess Elena Vladimirovna of Russia. The tiara was sold to Queen Mary along with a diamond riviere for a price of £28,000 (£984,200). Grand Duchess Elena Vladimirovna, after her marriage to Prince Nicholas of Greece, known always as Princess Nicholas of Greece, had inherited it from her mother Grand Duchess Maria Pavlovna. The tiara had been smuggled out of Russia by a British diplomat during the 1917 revolution. Over the years Princess Nicholas of Greece sold various pieces of jewellery from her personal collection; as a refugee, she had to sell the pieces to support her family and various charities.
Queen Mary had the tiara adapted to accommodate the attachment of fifteen of the Cambridge cabochon emeralds. The original Teardrop pearls, originally in the Vladimir Tiara, could be replaced easily as an alternative to the emeralds. Queen Elizabeth II inherited the piece directly from her grandmother. The Diamond and Pearl Tiara is almost exclusively worn with the Cambridge and Delhi Durbar Parure, which also features large emeralds. Elizabeth II wore this tiara for her official photograph as Queen of Canada, as none of the Commonwealth realms besides the United Kingdom has its own crown jewels.
The Burmese Ruby Tiara.
The Burmese Ruby Tiara was ordered by Elizabeth II in 1973. The design is in the form of a wreath of red roses and like many other pieces in the collection, made by Garrard & Co. Clusters of rubies and gold form the centre of each flower while diamonds and silver form the petals. A total of 96 diamonds are set into the tiara. Both the rubies and the diamonds came from Elizabeth's private collection. The rubies were a wedding present by the Burmese people, after whom the tiara was named. The number of rubies represent the number of diseases that the people of Burma believe can affect the human body. They credit the rubies with having the ability to protect their owner from sickness and evil. The diamonds were also a wedding present by the Nizam of Hyderabad and Berar who at the time also possessed a vast jewellery collection.
The Girls of Great Britain and Ireland Tiara.
The Girls of Great Britain and Ireland Tiara was a gift from the girls of Great Britain and Ireland to Queen Mary in 1893. The diamond tiara was purchased from Garrard, the London jeweller, by a committee organised by Lady Eve Greville. In 1947, Mary gave the tiara to her granddaughter, the future Elizabeth II, as a wedding present.
The tiara was described by Leslie Field as "a diamond festoon-and-scroll design surmounted by nine large oriental pearls on diamond spikes and set on a bandeau base of alternate round and lozenge collets between two plain bands of diamonds". Elizabeth II has usually worn the tiara without the base or pearls, but in recent years the base has been seen to have been reattached.
Over the years this tiara has become one of the most familiar of Queen Elizabeth II’s tiaras through its appearance on British banknotes and coinage.
The Russian Kokoshnik Tiara.
The Russian Kokoshnik Tiara was presented to Princess Alexandra, Princess of Wales, in 1888 by Lady Salisbury on behalf of 365 peeresses of the United Kingdom. Alexandra had requested that the tiara be in the fashionable design of a Russian girl's headdress, a "kokoshnik". She knew the design well from a similar tiara belonging to her sister Marie Feodorovna, the Empress of Russia. The tiara was made by Garrard Jewellers and supervised by Lady Salisbury. It is made up of 61 platinum bars and encrusted with 488 diamonds, the largest of which being each. Princess Alexandra wrote to her aunt, the Grand Duchess of Mecklenburg-Strelitz "The presents are quite magnificent. The ladies of society gave a lovely diamond spiked tiara".
Cambridge Lovers Knot Tiara.
Garrard was commissioned by Queen Mary in 1914 to create a copy of a tiara owned by her maternal grandmother Princess Augusta of Hesse-Cassel. The design for the tiara was changed by Queen Mary slightly. The tiara was made using diamonds and pearls already in the Queen's possession. Extremely French in its neo-classical design, the tiara consists of 19 openwork diamond frames each with a large oriental pearl drop. Each arch is below a lovers knot bow each centred with a large brilliant. The design is based on the tiara owned by Mary's grandmother, Princess Augusta of Hesse-Cassel, who married Prince Adolphus, Duke of Cambridge (the seventh son of George III). In her will Queen Mary left the tiara to her granddaughter Elizabeth II. The Queen later gave it to Diana, Princess of Wales as a wedding present. She wore it often during her marriage however on her divorce from HRH The Prince of Wales, it was returned to HM The Queen.
Princess Andrew of Greece's Meander Tiara.
This tiara was a wedding gift to then Princess Elizabeth from her mother-in-law Princess Andrew of Greece and Denmark (born Princess Alice of Battenberg). The Meander Tiara is in the classical Greek 'key pattern' featuring a large brilliant cut diamond in the centre surrounded by a diamond wreath. It also incorporates a central wreath of leaves and scrolls on either side. The Queen has never worn this item in public and it was given to Princess Anne around 1972. Princess Anne has frequently worn the tiara in public, notably during her engagement to Mark Phillips and for an official portrait marking her 50th birthday. In July 2011 the Princess Royal lent the Meander Tiara to her daughter Zara Philips for her wedding to Mike Tindall.
1936 Cartier Halo Tiara.
This tiara was purchased by the Duke of York (later King George VI) for his wife (later Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother) three weeks before they became king and queen. It is a rolling cascade of scrolls that converge in a central ornament surmounted by a brilliant diamond. The tiara was then presented the future Queen Elizabeth II on the occasion of her 18th birthday.
The tiara was borrowed by Princess Margaret, before she was given the Persian Turquoise Tiara for her 21st birthday in 1951. Princess Margaret wore the Halo Scroll Tiara to the 1953 coronation of Queen Elizabeth II.
Queen Elizabeth II later lent the tiara to her daughter Princess Anne before giving her the Greek Meander Tiara in 1972.
The Halo Scroll tiara was lent to Catherine Middleton to wear at her wedding to Prince William on 29 April 2011.
Earrings.
Queen Victoria's Stud Earrings.
A pair of large, perfectly matched brilliant cut diamonds which Queen Victoria had set as ear studs.
Diamond Pear Drop Earrings.
A set of gold and diamond earrings consisting of two large brilliant diamonds as the studs, below a smaller brilliant followed by a large pear shaped diamond drop. The diamonds were family stones. Diana, Princess of Wales borrowed them from Queen Elizabeth in 1983 during her first official visit to Australia. At a banquet she wore the earrings along with a tiara of her family's collection.
The King George VI Chandelier Earrings.
These earrings are long chandelier earrings consisting of every cut of diamond. The earrings end in three large drops displaying every known modern cut of diamond. They were a wedding present in 1947 to Princess Elizabeth from her father and mother, the King and Queen. Elizabeth was not able to wear them until she had her ears pierced. When it was noticed that she had had her ears pierced doctors and jewellers found themselves inundated with women anxious to have their ears pierced too.
Necklaces.
Festoon Necklace.
In 1947, George VI commissioned a three strand diamond necklace containing over 150 brilliant cut diamonds to get rid of some of the loose diamonds he had inherited. The necklace consists of three small rows of diamonds with a triangle motif. The minimum weight of this necklace is .
The Queen Mother's Collet Necklace.
For the coronation of her husband, Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother wore Queen Victoria's collet necklace along with a much larger one. The necklace's carat weight has never been disclosed, but it is clear from photos that it contains approximately 45 large diamond collets.
King Faisal of Saudi Arabia Necklace.
Given to the Queen in 1967 by King Faisal of Saudi Arabia, the necklace is a fringe necklace in design and is set with brilliant and baguette diamonds. Made by Harry Winston, King Faisal bought the necklace and presented it to her on a state visit to the United Kingdom in 1967. The Queen wore this necklace when King Faisal gave a banquet in honour of Elizabeth in the Dorchester hotel before his departure. The Queen also lent this necklace to Diana, Princess of Wales during a state visit to Australia in 1983.
The King Khalid of Saudi Arabia Necklace.
Another gift from Saudi Arabia this necklace was given to the Queen by King Khalid of Saudi Arabia in 1979, the necklace is of the sunray design and contains round and pear shaped diamonds. The necklace was also made by Harry Winston and often lent to Diana, Princess of Wales by the Queen.
The Queen Anne and Queen Caroline Pearl Necklaces.
The pearls together are estimated at over £4,000,000 for the pair. Both necklaces consist of a single row of large graduated pearls with pearl clasps. The Queen Anne necklace is said to have belonged to Queen Anne, the last British monarch of the Stuart dynasty. Horace Walpole wrote in his diary: "Queen Anne had but few jewels and those indifferent, except one pearl necklace given to her by Prince George". Queen Caroline on the other hand had a great deal of valuable jewellery, including no less than four fine pearl necklaces. She wore all of her pearl necklaces to her coronation but afterwards had the fifty finest selected to make one larger necklace. In 1947 both necklaces were given to then-Princess Elizabeth by her father as a wedding present.
On 20 November 1947, the day the then-Princess Elizabeth was to wed Prince Philip, she realised she had left her pearls at St James's Palace. Elizabeth particularly wished to wear the pearls and asked her Private Secretary, Jock Colville, to travel there to retrieve them. Colville ended up in the quadrangle, where he commandeered King Haakon VII of Norway's big Daimler limousine. Traffic that morning had stopped, so even the King of Norway's car with its royal flag flying could not get anywhere. Colville continued his journey to the palace on foot. When he arrived there he had to explain his odd story to the guards who were protecting the Princess's over 2,660 wedding presents. After finding the Private Secretary's name on a wedding programme, they admitted him, and Colville was able to get the pearls to the Princess in time for her portrait in the Music Room of Buckingham Palace.
Brooches.
"Granny's Chips" - Cullinan III & IV.
Known as "Granny's Chips", the Cullinan III and Cullinan IV were two of several stones cut from the Cullinan Diamond in 1905. The large diamond found in South Africa was presented to Edward VII on his birthday. Two of the stones cut from the diamond were the Cullinan III, a clear pear shaped stone. The other a cushion shaped stone. Queen Mary had these stones made into a brooch with the Cullinan III hanging from the IV. Elizabeth II inherited the piece from her grandmother in 1953. The brooch is the most valuable brooch in the world with a value of over £50,000,000.
Queen Victoria's Bow Brooches.
Commissioned by Queen Victoria in 1858, Garrards made a set of three large bow brooches containing more than 506 diamonds. There is no record or picture of Queen Victoria ever wearing them; Queen Alexandra, Queen Mary, Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother and the Queen were seen wearing them frequently. The brooches are often adjusted to contain a large pearl or emerald diamond drop. Queen Mary was pictured on more than one occasion with the Lesser-Cullinan diamonds as the drops. Estimated at £75,000 each by Mr Krashes in 1989, resulting in an approximate value for the set of £225,000.
The Prince Albert Sapphire Brooch.
The Prince Albert sapphire brooch was given by Prince Albert to Queen Victoria at Buckingham Palace on 9 February 1840. It was the day before their wedding and Queen Victoria wrote in her diary that Albert came to her sitting room and gave her 'a beautiful sapphire and diamond brooch. The centre stone is a large oblong perfect blue sapphire surrounded by twelve round diamonds.
It passed from Queen Victoria to the queen consorts, Alexandra of Denmark, Mary of Teck and Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother, then came to the current Queen on her accession to the throne in 1952.
The carat weight of the Sapphire has never been disclosed but by the size it is estimated to be around 20-30 carats. The current price per carat of a unique sapphire is about £120,000; this results in a price range of around £4 million, not taking into account its royal provenance, which would no doubt add much more to the value of the piece.
Parures.
Brazil Parure.
The Brazil Parure is one of the most modern jewels in the collection. In 1953 the President and people of Brazil presented Elizabeth II with the coronation gift of a necklace and matching pendant earrings of aquamarines and diamonds. It had taken an entire year to collect the perfectly matched stones. The necklace consists of nine large oblong aquamarines with an even bigger aquamarine pendant drop. The Queen has since had the drop set in a more decorative diamond cluster and it is now detachable. Her Majesty was so delighted with the gift that in 1957 she had a matching tiara made. The tiara is surmounted by three vertically set aquamarines. In August 1958 the Brazilian Government added to their gift by presenting the Queen with a bracelet of seven oblong aquamarines set in a cluster of diamonds and a square aquamarine and diamond brooch to match.
The George VI Victorian Suite.
The George VI Victorian Suite was originally a wedding present by George VI to his daughter Princess Elizabeth in 1947. The suite consists of a long necklace of oblong sapphires surrounded by diamonds and a pair of matching square sapphire earrings also bordered with diamonds. The suite was originally made in 1850. The colour of the stones exactly matched the colour of the robes of the Order of the Garter, although this may have been a coincidence on George's part. In 1952 Elizabeth had the largest sapphire of the necklace removed in order to shorten it. In 1959 she had a new pendant made using the removed stone. When Noël Coward saw the Queen wearing the suite at the Royal Command Performance in 1954 he wrote: "After the show we were lined up and presented to the Queen, Prince Philip and Princess Margaret. The Queen looked luminously lovely and was wearing the largest sapphires I have ever seen".
In 1963 a new sapphire and diamond tiara and bracelet were made to match the original pieces. The tiara was made out of a necklace that had belonged to Princess Louise of Belgium, daughter of King Leopold II of the Belgians. Louise had to sell off her jewelry after her father disowned her following her divorce in 1906. In 1969, the Queen wore the complete parure when she and the Duke of Edinburgh attended a charity concert.
Queen Victoria's Collet Necklace and Earrings.
Commissioned by Queen Victoria in 1858 from the diamonds from an old Garter badge, this necklace and earrings were first seen in her Winterhalter portrait. The necklace consists of twenty-nine collet diamonds adding up to a weight of over of diamonds. The necklace contains a famous stone as the pendant named the Lahore Diamond which weights . The earrings are of typical design, large brilliant followed by a smaller one, with a large pear shaped drop.
The Coronation Coronets.
For the 1937 coronation of their parents, it was decided that the princesses Elizabeth and Margaret should receive coronets to wear during the event. Elaborate coronets of gold lined with crimson and edged with ermine were designed by the crown jeweller and brought to the royal couple for inspection. The king and queen decided the coronets were too cumbersome and too ornate to be appropriate. Queen Mary suggested the coronets be simple circlets of silver gilt in a mediaeval style. The king agreed, and the two coronets were designed with Maltese crosses and fleur-de-lys. After the coronation Queen Mary wrote, "Lilibet and Margaret looked too sweet in their lace dresses and robes, especially when they put on their coronets."
Queen Mary's Turquoise Parures.
There were two turquoise parures assembled by Queen Mary; one was worn by Princess Margaret, Countess of Snowdon and the other was given to the late Princess Alice, Duchess of Gloucester.
The current Queen does not own the parures and they will continue to be passed down to subsequent family members or, like Princess Margaret's set, be sold at an auction.
The Gloucester Turquoise Parure.
The Queen Mary turquoise parure was given to the young Princess Mary of Teck (Queen Mary) by her parents the Duke and Duchess of Teck when she became engaged to the future George V in 1893. The parure, later given to the Duchess of Gloucester, consisted of three 1850 turquoise brooches, a tiara, a necklace, and earrings. Over the years another drop necklace was added and the Teck earrings worn as detachable pendant drops on the oval cluster earrings.
The three brooches had been a gift to Mary's mother, Princess Mary Adelaide of Cambridge, upon her confirmation in December 1850. Princess Mary of Cambridge wore the two brooches as part of a headdress, with the corsage brooch pinned to her bodice, when she attended her first debutante ball at Buckingham Palace.
The collection known as the “Gloucester Jewels” is mainly the collection of jewels given to Princess Alice, Duchess of Gloucester upon her marriage to Prince Henry, Duke of Gloucester, son of King George V and Queen Mary, in 1935. During the beginning of the 20th century turquoise was a very fashionable stone and Queen Mary was aware of the Duchess's fondness of them. The turquoise parure from Queen Mary consists of the tiara, a long chained necklace of twenty-six turquoise and diamond oval clusters, matching cluster earrings and ring, two bow brooches, a bow-shaped corsage brooch with a tassel, a bangle bracelet, and two four row turquoise bead bracelets.
The tiara of turquoise and diamonds was arranged in rococo scrolls and a sunburst. The centre of the tiara contains the largest turquoise in the piece surrounded by a “burst” of diamonds and turquoise pear shaped stones, quite similar to the famous Persian tiaras of Empress Farah of Iran. Apparently Queen Mary found the composition too high, and it was lowered by E. Wolff & Co. in August 1912.
On 29 October 2004, after the death of Princess Alice, the collection was passed to the current Duchess of Gloucester, wife of Prince Richard, Duke of Gloucester. Her Royal Highness has worn every piece in the parure known to have been given to her late mother-in-law Princess Alice.
Not much is known about other pieces given to the Duchess of Gloucester; most likely they are pieces commissioned by her husband:
The Princess Margaret Turquoise Parure.
As a baby, Princess Margaret was given a string of turquoise and pearl beads. In August 1951, upon her 21st birthday, Princess Margaret was given the antique parure of Persian turquoises set in diamonds. The parure had been given to her mother upon her marriage in 1923 to the Duke of York, later George VI. This parure consisted of a long necklace with a number of graduated pendant drops, matching pendant earrings, hair ornaments, a large square brooch, and a high oval tiara. A bow brooch and ring were added to the set.
The string of turquoise and pearl beads given to Margaret at birth were eventually given to her daughter, Lady Sarah Armstrong-Jones.

</doc>
<doc id="19671384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19671384" title="The Wailers (disambiguation)">
The Wailers (disambiguation)

The Wailers may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19671387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19671387" title="Ocalea (mythology)">
Ocalea (mythology)

In Greek mythology, Ocalea or Ocaleia (Greek: ) was the daughter of Mantineus and the wife of Abas. Her sons were Acrisius and Proetus; her daughter was Idomene. Often, she is referred to as Aglaïa (Greek: ).

</doc>
<doc id="19671399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19671399" title="Class of 1999">
Class of 1999

Class of 1999 is a 1990 American science fiction film directed by Mark L. Lester. It is the director's follow-up to his 1982 film "Class of 1984".
Synopsis.
Set in the future, youth gang violence is so high that the areas around some schools have become "free fire zones", into which not even the Police will venture. When Dr. Miles Langford (Malcolm McDowell), the Principal of Kennedy High School, decides to take his school back from the gangs, robotics specialist Dr. Robert Forrest (Stacy Keach) provides "tactical education units". These humanoids have been programmed to teach and are supplied with weapons to discipline trouble-makers. The androids soon overstep their authority, causing the students to fight back.
Filming location(s).
The film was shot at Lincoln High School (Wallingford neighborhood of Seattle) in 1988. It is visible on Google Streetview. In the introduction of the movie the school is clearly visible as a heavily secured area with two guard towers on top of the stairs leading to the entrance.
Video and DVD releases.
"Class of 1999" was initially released on VHS via Vestron Video in 1991 and was later withdrawn. The film was released on DVD in other territories such as Korea and Australia. Lionsgate released the film on DVD for the first time in the USA on September 16, 2008 and again in 2012 as part of a 8 horror film DVD set.
Awards.
The film was nominated for Young Artist Award (Joshua John Miller).

</doc>
<doc id="19671422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19671422" title="Montagnard">
Montagnard

Montagnard ("of the mountain" or "mountain dweller") may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19671427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19671427" title="Phủ Lý Railway Station">
Phủ Lý Railway Station

Phủ Lý Railway Station is one of the main railway stations on the North–South Railway (Reunification Express) in Vietnam. It serves the city of Phủ Lý.

</doc>
<doc id="19671433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19671433" title="Nam Định Railway Station">
Nam Định Railway Station

Nam Định Railway Station is one of the main railway stations on the North–South Railway (Reunification Express) in Vietnam. It serves the city of Nam Định.

</doc>
<doc id="19671436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19671436" title="Thanh Hóa Railway Station">
Thanh Hóa Railway Station

Thanh Hóa Railway Station is one of the main railway stations on the North–South Railway (Reunification Express) in Vietnam. It serves the city of Thanh Hóa.

</doc>
<doc id="19671437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19671437" title="Appleton Building">
Appleton Building

The Appleton Building occupied the front of a small block which was bounded by Broadway (Manhattan), Leonard Street, and Catharine Alley in New York City. It stood at 346 and 348 Broadway, was four stories tall, and was constructed entirely of brown stone. It was a familiar landmark in a quickly changing Broadway of the mid-19th century. It was one of Broadway's oldest buildings.
History.
The Appletons were publishers who left the address for offices at a marble store located at 343 and 345 Broadway, in April 1860. Afterward
the Appleton Building underwent considerable alterations prior to welcoming its new tenants, Graybon, McCreary, & Co., dry goods merchants.
They leased the entire establishment after relocating from Park Place. The firm occupied the entire ground floor and basement for their own business.
The building was the home of S.B. Chittenden & Company, wholesale dealers and importers of dry goods of all types. It was owned by Messrs. Appleton & Company and valued at $250,000, at the time of its destruction. Appleton & Company took over its ownership after it was vacated by the Society Library. In March 1854 Geo. Carstensen and Chs. Gildemeister, architects, maintained their offices in the building. In January 1855 the firm of Foster, Dixon & Company was giving lessons in writing, mathematics, and bookkeeping at 346 Broadway. Men who answered their "New York Times" advertisement would be quickly prepared for a career in the counting house. The New York Book Publishers' Association held a meeting at their Appleton Building offices on September 12, 1855. Its members attended with association Vice President, A.S. Barnes, presiding. C.C. Marsh, an accountant, advertised practice for bookkeeping and mercantile affairs at 348 Broadway in February 1857.
Cartoons of Raphael.
Charles B. Norton, a bibliographical agent at the Appleton Building, secured for sale in New York, fine paper copies of a series of impressions of Raphael cartoons. These were obtained from the government plates at Hampton Court in December 1859. They measured 38 X 25 inches. Produced by Day & Son, engravers to Queen Victoria, a set of seven cartoons sold for $10 in New York.
Destroyed by fire.
The structure burned on February 12, 1867, during an intense fire which was discovered by an officer of the 6th precinct at 5:40 a.m.
Within an hour's time, flames had engulfed the huge and isolated building. E.S. Jaffray & Company, a dry goods house, which occupied the building on the north side of Leonard Street, was engulfed by flames in its upper floors. Nearly all of its windows were burned but the flames were quickly extinguished. S.B. Chittenden sustained a loss estimated between $800,000 and $1,000,000. The business had only a few days prior rejected an offer of $100,000 to lease the Appleton Building. The structure was a total loss.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="19671444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19671444" title="Vinh Railway Station">
Vinh Railway Station

Vinh Railway Station is one of the main railway stations on the North-South Railway (Reunification Express) in Vietnam. It serves the city of Vinh.

</doc>
<doc id="19671451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19671451" title="Đồng Hới Railway Station">
Đồng Hới Railway Station

Đồng Hới Railway Station is one of the main railway stations on the North–South Railway (Reunification Express) in Vietnam. It serves the city of Đồng Hới, the provincial capital of Quảng Bình Province. The station is 450 km south of Hanoi, 160 km north of Huế, 1280 km north of Saigon Railway Station. The station is located 3 km to the downtown.

</doc>
<doc id="19671456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19671456" title="Đông Hà Railway Station">
Đông Hà Railway Station

Đông Hà Railway Station is one of the main railway stations on the North–South Railway (Reunification Express) in Vietnam. It serves the city of Đông Hà.

</doc>
<doc id="19671460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19671460" title="You Are an Artist">
You Are an Artist

You Are an Artist was a television series, which first aired on NBC flagship station WNBT-TV in New York City on November 1, 1946 and then continued on the NBC Television network until 1950. The show originally ran for 15 minutes, then later ran for 20 minutes, before a 10-minute news broadcast, "Camel News Caravan".
Production history.
Among the people to host the program during its run were artist Jon Gnagy, Ben Grauer, and Warren Hull. Each episode was 15 minutes long in the early days, then 20 minutes long (see below for broadcast timeslots). 
As its title suggests, it was a program designed to teach people how to draw art. During its final season, reflecting changing hosts, its name changed to "The Warren Hull Show" (January-February 1950) then "The Ben Grauer Show" (February-June 1950) before finally leaving the air.
Episode status.
No kinescoped episodes are known to survive of this program, due to NBC's lack of an archival policy at the time. However, there are numerous audio recordings without video images from as early as January 9, 1947 (featuring Jon Gnagy) as taken from the live WNBT-TV broadcasts in New York, as documented in the Library of Congress SONIC Archives.

</doc>
<doc id="19671470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19671470" title="Đà Nẵng Railway Station">
Đà Nẵng Railway Station

Đà Nẵng Railway Station is one of the main railway stations on the North–South Railway (Reunification Express) in Vietnam and one of the five largest stations in Vietnam. It serves the city of Đà Nẵng.

</doc>
<doc id="19671474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19671474" title="Tam Kỳ Railway Station">
Tam Kỳ Railway Station

Tam Kỳ Railway Station is one of the main railway stations on the North–South Railway (Reunification Express) in Vietnam. It serves the city of Tam Kỳ.

</doc>
<doc id="19671477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19671477" title="Quảng Ngãi Railway Station">
Quảng Ngãi Railway Station

Quảng Ngãi Railway Station is one of the main railway stations on the North–South Railway (Reunification Express) in Vietnam. It serves the city of Quảng Ngãi, lying 1.5 kilometres west of the main centre.

</doc>
<doc id="19671479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19671479" title="2006 Movistar Open – Singles">
2006 Movistar Open – Singles

Gastón Gaudio was the defending champion, but lost in the second round this year.
José Acasuso won the title, defeating Nicolás Massú 6–4, 6–3 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19671491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19671491" title="Diêu Trì Railway Station">
Diêu Trì Railway Station

Diêu Trì Railway Station is one of the main railway stations on the North–South Railway (Reunification Express) in Vietnam. It serves the town of Diêu Trì.

</doc>
<doc id="19671492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19671492" title="Schwentine">
Schwentine

The Schwentine is a river in the North German state of Schleswig-Holstein. It is approximately 62 kilometres long and rises on the hill of Bungsberg, the highest point in the state, near the village of Kasseedorf in Ostholstein. It then runs from its source to Kiel where it flows into the Kiel Fjord, a bay of the Baltic Sea. It passes through several lakes, including the Großer Plöner See, the largest lake in Schleswig-Holstein, as well as the towns Eutin, Malente, Plön, Preetz and Kiel. 
Water management.
The Schwentine is of great importance in the supply of drinking water managed by the Kiel Utilities Company. The Schwentine Valley Waterworks ("Wasserwerk Schwentinetal") has been located near Klausdorf since about 1900.
Although the Schwentine valley gives an exceptionally natural impression along virtually its entire length, it is closely linked to the industrialisation of the city of Kiel. Two hydroelectric plants, now classed as cultural monuments, (one on the Rosensee) were laid out by the shipyard founder, Bernhard Howaldt, and are still in operation today.
The once great mill industry no longer exists today. The old Howaldt Shipyard (that was merged into the firm of HDW), of which only the old metal foundry remains, was given a new lease of life as an industrial museum. Thanks to various sponsor programmes (e. g. the EU's URBAN II programme) the region around the Schwentine estuary has gradually lost its character as an industrial wasteland.
Apart from the immediate area of the estuary, no cargo boats use on the Schwentine. Instead there are excursion boats ("5-Seen-Fahrt, Schwentinetalfahrt") and rowing boats.
Nature conservation.
The Schwentine Oxbow Lake ("Altarm der Schwentine") is a part of the Schwentine that has been designated as nature reserve since 1984. It received this conservation status because the waterbody has remained close to its natural state due to its steep river banks and is a habitat for a range of rare plants and animals. It covers an area of . In addition to the section of river it includes an ox bow lake, a tributary, hedgerows, wooded river banks and slopes, rich in herbs, and small ponds.
History.
The name '"Schwentine" comes from the Slavic word "Sventana" or the Baltic "šventa" which meant "The holy one" ("die Heilige"); see also: Balto-Slavic languages.
The original source of the Schwentine was not on the Bungsberg, but in the vicinity of Bornhöved. The source of the present-day Alte Schwentine is viewed by historians, natural scientists and linguistic researchers as the original source of the Schwentine. During the Early and High Middle Ages the little river marked the border between the German or Saxon region, which extended to the Baltic Sea near Kiel, and the Slav-settled regions in the present-day Ostholstein.
Before Angles settled in Britain in the post-Roman period, they lived in Schleswig; hence many words in English vocabulary have Slavonic roots: cf. e.g. Eng. loaf, lord - Sl. chleb, Eng. glass - Sl. głos.
In the Battle of Bornhöved (German: Schlacht bei Bornhöved) on the field of Sventanafeld (Sventanapolje or "Schwentine field") near the village of Bornhöved near Neumünster in 798 the Obodrites, led by Drożko, allied with the Franks, defeated the Nordalbingian Saxons.
See also: Wagria, Limes Saxoniae
Course.
List of lakes through which the Schwentine flows (in downstream order):

</doc>
<doc id="19671497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19671497" title="Bayview Cemetery">
Bayview Cemetery


</doc>
<doc id="19671501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19671501" title="Tuy Hòa Railway Station">
Tuy Hòa Railway Station

Tuy Hòa Railway Station is one of the main railway stations on the North–South Railway (Reunification Express) in Vietnam. It serves the city of Tuy Hòa ().

</doc>
<doc id="19671507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19671507" title="Nha Trang Railway Station">
Nha Trang Railway Station

Nha Trang Railway Station is one of the main railway stations on the Phan Rang–Tháp Chàm (Reunification Express) in Vietnam. It serves the city of Nha Trang.

</doc>
