<doc id="19479302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479302" title="Without Warning (novel)">
Without Warning (novel)

Without Warning, is an alternate history novel written by Australian author John Birmingham, released in Australia in September 2008 and in the United States and the United Kingdom in February 2009. It is the first book in a new stand-alone universe. The novels "After America" and "Angels of Vengeance" continue the story.
Development.
Birmingham said he was inspired to write the novel after hearing someone during a student demonstration at the University of Queensland say the world would be a better place if the United States disappeared.
References to other works.
"Without Warning" contains a large number of references to popular culture. Birmingham, the author, said that he did this as a nod to American novelist Stephen King:
When I was a kid and started reading big, fat books, the thing that struck me about his novels, so different to the dull, dull things they made us read at school, was they were full of real world references.
Synopsis.
On March 14, 2003 a wave of energy washes over North America, wiping out most of the populations of Canada, the United States, Mexico, and Cuba. The source is unknown, but it appears that Seattle, Western Canada, Alaska, and Hawaii are unaffected by the disaster.
In Paris, France a woman named Caitlin Monroe wakes up in a hospital after having suffered a head injury during a protest in Calais. Caitlin is an agent with Echelon, a covert group hidden inside numerous intelligence agencies, working undercover with a group of antiwar protestors to find a terrorist named Al-Banna. Caitlin's fellow activists share the news that Jacques Chirac, the President of France, has just refused to offer military assistance to the United States' planned war in Iraq. Caitlin requests to see CNN, but when the TV is turned to that channel, all they see is static; they get the same thing with MSNBC. While tuning to the BBC, Caitlin discovers that she has been unconscious for three days. A BBC reporter is giving a panicked report that an 'event horizon' extends down past Mexico City, enveloping most of the Continental United States, and a good chunk of southeastern Canada; communications links are still up, but non-responsive.
Prime Minister Tony Blair of the United Kingdom has ordered all British military forces to full alert, but refuses to pull all British forces out of the Middle East in preparation of combat operations against the Saddam Hussein regime in Iraq. Monroe sees a satellite image provided by the BBC of Times Square in New York City; visible in the image are vehicles crashed into buildings and clogging the streets as fires burn unchecked through the city; however, there are no people in sight.
In Washington State, James Kipper, the chief engineer of the Seattle City Council, is hiking the Cascade Mountains when he receives a call on his satellite phone from his friend Barney Tench, a fellow City Council member. Tench sounds distressed and tells Kipper that the country is gone, along with most of Canada, and that it might be a war or a comet strike. When Kipper presses for information, Tench merely states that 'everything is gone'. He tells Kipper that a National Guard helicopter is on its way to pick him up, and that state government officials are on their way to Seattle as well, but Governor Gary Locke is missing after he was in transit somewhere in the air above the Western United States. In Seattle, Barbara Kipper, James' wife, and their daughter Suzie are at a grocery store as the panic hits from the disaster. People swarm the store to stock up on supplies, and numerous fights break out. Barbara worries that James was taken by the 'event', but she had called the park rangers earlier and they indicated that his hiking plan was nowhere near the 'event horizon'. As sirens signal the approach of police, Barbara and Suzie escape the crowded parking lot.
In Guantanamo Naval Base, Cuba, US Marine Corps Brigadier General Tusk Musso is mobilizing the guards at Camp Delta, the military prison where terrorism suspects are detained. The Muslim prisoners are in an uproar after hearing of the 'event' that wiped the Americans from the face of the planet. General Musso and his aids quickly surmise that he is the ranking officer, and that while they are in contact with US and NATO forces in Pearl Harbor, Europe, Australia/New Zealand, and CENTCOM in Qatar, they have lost all contact with their headquarters in Tampa, Florida and all US military installations in CONUS. A US Navy officer establishes a link to numerous webcams all over the United States and displays the footage for General Musso and his staff. The images are live feeds of numerous locations, including the Mall of America in Minnesota, Disneyland in Los Angeles, Crown Center in Kansas City, UCLA's Berkeley campus, the Strip in Las Vegas, JFK Airport in New York, and others. In all of the feeds, it is apparent that cars have gone out of control and crashed; fires are burning all over the place; and what should have been people have been reduced to smoking rags where they stood. As gunshots sound inside Camp Delta's prisons (the prisoners rushed a guard detail), a junior marine officer reports to Musso that a Cuban Army delegation has arrived at the gates of the base, panicked and wanting to talk.
In the Pacific Ocean, Pete Holder, an Australian smuggler, is aboard his sailboat, the "Diamantina", with Lee, a Chinese pirate, Fifi, a runaway American girl, and Jules, an Englishwoman who left behind a trust fund to travel the world. They are linking up with the "Pong Su", a North Korean freighter, but Lee alerts Holder to the fact that 'something is up' and the freighter has changed course suddenly. The smugglers tune in to the CNN's Asia Bureau in Hong Kong, which is playing news footage from a team in Edmonton, Canada; the 'event' has seemingly split the city in half and police are keeping people from getting close to it. The smugglers learn that the stock exchanges in London, Tokyo and Sydney have been shut down, and that the Russian Armed Forces are on high alert.
At CENTCOM Headquarters in Qatar, Bret Melton, a former US Army Ranger and a veteran reporter for the "Army Times", is in a packed newsroom awaiting word from the Coalition commanders, but a US Air Force colonel emerges instead. Tommy Franks and Peter Wall, the Coalition commanders, are 'indisposed' and cannot do the brief. The colonel tells the reporters that the Coalition will not answer questions as to how the 'event' originated or why, but he says that CENTCOM has established contact with all of the US commands in the Pacific, European and some elements of the Northern regions (NORTHCOM encompasses North America and part of the Caribbean). Melton is curious as to why they aren't in contact with NORTHCOM 'proper', but before he can ask, a Jordanian reporter named Sayad al-Mirsaad, from al-Jazeera, brings up why satellite photos from French sources show that people have seemingly 'disappeared' from America. Through further questioning by other reporters, Melton learns that despite losing connection to CONUS, the US Military still maintains intact theater-level networks and remains ready to execute any orders from their national command authority; Melton hears another reporter say, "What national command authority? They're all gone." Melton believes the 'disappearance' to be a scam, but finally accepts it after seeing Canadian news footage and logging onto Blizzard and finding all the gamer avatars and chat rooms empty (their players had all disappeared hours ago). Al-Mirsaad, a good friend of Melton, comes to him and translates a news broadcast launched by Saddam Hussein; in an ironic twist on the Coalition's assault in Desert Storm, Hussein is calling on the Arab world to rise up against what is left of America and their puppets in Saudi Arabia and elsewhere, and force them out of the Middle East.
Caitlin Monroe discovers that she has a lesion in her brain, but that the hospital needs her to leave because they need the beds; the British Government takes over all UK news stations. One of the antiwar protestors with Caitlin, a French girl named Monique, becomes suspicious of Caitlin when she shows mastery of the French language when she had unwittingly told them earlier that she could not speak it. Before Monique can address this, assassins arrive at the hospital and try to kill Caitlin. Caitlin subdues the assassins after they kill the other protestors, but Monique is still with her and is asking questions. The two escape into the city.
General Musso meets with a Cuban major, who is the senior ranking officer in the Cuban Army. The rest of his staff have disappeared in the 'event', which the major describes in detail as a curtain of hot air that billows with the wind and vaporizes humans, leaving behind smoldering clothing. General Musso and his staff debate how to send someone to investigate its effects on the cities in Cuba; the idea of launching a Predator UAV into the affected area is floated and okay-ed by the Cuban major. They find all of Cuba's major cities abandoned and in flames, the streets clogged with cars that apparently lost all their drivers at the same time. The commanding officer of Pacific Command gets in contact with General Musso; Admiral James Ritchie is the ranking US military officer outside of CENTCOM and is trying to establish contact with any and all US military installations around the world.
Admiral Ritchie, General Franks, and other officers, including Lieutenant Colonel Susan Pileggi, the ranking officer at Joint Task Force Bravo in Honduras, and General Jones, the ranking officer at European Command, meet with General Musso over a video conference. It is established that while General Franks is the ranking officer in the US military now, Admiral Ritchie will take charge because of Franks' position in the war planning in Iraq. The male officers argue about line of succession (Secretary of Labor Elaine Chao is the only surviving Presidential Cabinet member, since she was at a meeting in Geneva; she is not a US citizen though and cannot be President) and Lt Col Pileggi suggests the military find an elected official at the state level from Washington, Alaska or Hawaii, and utilize them as the executive authority, so that the military has someone to issue orders to them; otherwise, Admiral Ritchie points out, any military action they carry out has no legal basis. They establish that Seattle is the only major city in CONUS that is not affected, and that General Jackson Blackstone, the commanding general of the 2nd Infantry Division in Fort Lewis, Washington, has deployed troops into Seattle to prevent panic. Since General Musso is closest to the 'phenomenon', General Franks asks him to brief them on it. At this time, it is estimated that the death toll is at 400 million.
Musso and the Cuban delegation inspect the 'Wave' but the Cuban major is sucked in when the Wave moves with the wind. In Hawaii, Admiral Ritchie learns that China, like Russia, has put its military on alert but has not deployed its power projection assets. Taiwan and South Korea are in a state of martial law, while North Korea remains disturbingly quiet; Japan and Australia mobilize their militaries and pledge to send aid to the United States as needed because of treaty obligations.
In the Pacific, Pete Holder, Jules, Fifi and Lee are attacked by pirates; while they are able to fight them off with their formidable arsenal, Pete is killed in the shooting, devastating Jules.
Admiral Ritchie reports to Honolulu to speak with Linda Lingle, the Governor of Hawaii. The military is offering aid to the civil powers, and also trying to see if Governor Lingle will take over as temporary President of the United States. Ritchie meets Jed Culver, a Louisiana lawyer who had a law practice in Washington D.C. until the event, which stranded him in Hawaii with his wife. Admiral Ritchie and Culver meet with Lingle and her aids, and Ritchie broaches the subject of the line of succession; Lingle states that she does not want troops in her streets, and that she is unwilling to take charge except for in Hawaii. She asks Ritchie if the US is still going to attack Iraq anyway; Ritchie says they are not going ahead with plans, but they may fight back if Iraq attacks first. Lingle urges him to use what chain of command is left, while she worries about feeding the people of Hawaii.
Bret Melton is flown out to a staging area in Kuwait for the 3rd Infantry Division. There, he sees British SAS personnel planning for an assault into Iraq, and sees US soldiers preparing for the invasion of Iraq. Melton is embedded with Bravo Troop, 5/7 Cavalry, under the command of Captain Lohberger. Lieutenant Euler is a platoon commander whom Melton knows well. Lohberger and Euler take Melton to a tent and brief him on the situation at hand, after Melton tells the soldiers that the US is gone, save for Seattle, Alaska, Hawaii, and 'a few places in Canada'. Melton relays that primates are the only living things affected by the Wave, as a Japanese blogger discovered after hacking a webcam at the San Diego Zoo and seeing that like the humans, the monkeys were also gone. Captain Lohberger shows Melton the invasion orders, titled 'OPLAN Katie', which show the 1st Division (United Kingdom) taking Basra and the 3rd Infantry Division moving through southwestern Iraq. 5/7 Cav has been tasked with taking Jalibah Airfield in southern Iraq. Melton does not voice his concerns with OPLAN Katie, and is disillusioned with why military commanders are going ahead with the invasion.
Caitlin is attempting to reach an Echelon safe house with Monique. After traveling across the city, they find the safe house, but French DGSE agents are watching the place; Caitlin surmises that DGSE is trying to weed out Echelon operatives. She writes off the idea of going to one of the member nations' embassies (Echelon comprises operatives from agencies in the US, UK and Canada) and decides to wait it out and see what is going on at the apartment.
On March 21, 2003, a week since the Disappearance, everything within the affected zone has burned, causing a massive cloud of pollutants and smoke from the fires to pour across the skies over North America. It blows over Europe and kills countless birds and trees. Seattle is affected badly by the fallout as well, but rain washes much of it away. James Kipper and City Council are struggling to keep Seattle stocked, since the mayor and most of the city government were lost in the Disappearance. Kipper is regulating relief supplies that have come in from Japan, Taiwan, Australia and New Zealand, but a shipment has not arrived in days and the city is suffering for it. General Blackstone and his troops have effectively locked down the city, and The Resistance sprouts in the area after countless violations of people's First Amendment rights angers the population.
In An Nasiriyah, Iraq Bret Melton and the troopers of 5/7 Cav fight their way through urban terrain, meeting heavy resistance. After Apache helicopters break up an ambush, Melton and his squad push deeper into the city. Because of the Disappearance, the military cannot afford to sustain supplies for prisoners of war, so US personnel begin the practice of no quarter and even go as far as flying black flags on their vehicles. A US airstrike kills Uday Hussein with a JDAM, and Coalition air power succeeds in locking down Iraqi airspace, but the fighting on the ground has become so convoluted that the Polish and Australian detachments have pulled back to Kuwait, their missions now irrelevant. Saddam Hussein has built a huge following in the Middle East, stylizing himself as the 'defeater of the infidels' and urging pan-Arabic hysteria in order to force the Coalition out of the Middle East. In response to this, the US military has forgone all rules of engagement and openly fires on mosques and hospitals with MLRS and artillery. While the 3rd Infantry Division has taken light casualties, Iraqi casualties are in the tens of thousands by the first few days of the war. After a request for air support is denied to Lieutenant Euler and his platoon, they find out that Iran declared war on America an hour previously and their air force was now sweeping in over Iraq and bringing the fight to the Coalition. Swarms of pleasure craft and Jet-Skis head out to the Coalition ships off the coast of Iraq, full of suicide bombers. The soldiers are subsequently wiped out when a mortar strike arrives and kills Lieutenant Euler and most of the platoon.
Caitlin and Monique go to the safe house, where Caitlin becomes increasingly ill. In Mexico, Jules arrives with Fifi and Lee and finds a group of Gurkha mercenaries, whom Jules hires for protection. The leader of the Gurkhas, Sergeant Shah, suggests Jules make money by charging American refugees in return for a ride on her new boat to Australia. Meanwhile in Cuba, General Musso receives LtCol Pileggi to plan for contingency operations to preserve the Panama Canal and protect American interests there. Admiral Ritchie in Hawaii has already secured help from Japan, Australia, New Zealand, Chile and Brazil in receiving and taking care of American refugees, but attempts at reaching France have proven futile, as the Chirac government is busy putting down revolutionary unrest in their country. Admiral Ritchie receives a brief on the situation in the Middle East; General Franks is urging them to pull military forces out of Kuwait and Saudi Arabia, but those countries are heavily against that decision. British forces in the Gulf are fighting Iranian armor in southern Iraq around Basra, while the US is being hammered by the Iranian air force. Admiral Ritchie orders General Franks to execute Operation Damocles.
Bret Melton comes to in a hospital at Camp New Jersey in Kuwait. A soldier that also survived the mortar strike tells Melton about what's going on in the world. The United States military is now fighting Iran and Iraq; Israel has not been attacked because Ariel Sharon went on al-Jazeera and told the world that they had 200 nuclear bombs and listed off cities in the Middle East that he would nuke if any attack occurred. As a result of the pan-Arabic hysteria fostered by Saddam Hussein, the PLO and Yasser Arafat's movement in Palestine have been squashed by a heavy Israeli Army offensive. Hamas has begun a continuous rocket barrage of Israel from inside Lebanon. The Coalition lost a British destroyer and Australian dive vessel to suicide boats, while Iraq launched Scud missiles at the The Port of Basra, killing countless US Marines and British personnel. Iranian and Iraqi MiG fighter jets are shot down in droves over the Gulf by US and British warplanes. Because of the brawl in the Gulf, hundreds of US bombers stationed in the Pacific are dispatched to carpet bomb Tehran and Baghdad. Meanwhile, China launches missiles at Taiwan. Melton hears on BBC that Europe has suffered a banking collapse as a result of the disappearance of the United States and its massive economy; violence in France has broken out as a result, launching the country into civil war.
In Seattle, James Kipper's food bank at a local Costco is attacked by looters, killing several innocent people before the police arrive. The army was supposed to have security there, and General Jackson Blackstone requests that Kipper meet him. He is collected by Major McCutcheon, an air force officer working for General Blackstone. In Mexico, Jules and Fifi arrange for a number of people to get on their boat, including Miguel Pieraro, a Mexican cowboy, and his family. In France, Monique is killed by French DGSE assassins working with al-Banna. In Kuwait, Melton is evacuated from Camp New Jersey and sent to Qatar, where he meets a number of military personnel waiting to get out of the Middle East, including a team of Polish GROM commandos led by Sergeant Fryderyk Milosz. Melton ends up gathering testimonials from military personnel around the world about their experiences, especially the Americans having lost everything back home. Milosz talks about going home to Poland, which is suffering from starvation after polluted rain from North America destroys their crops.
James Kipper tries to convince General Blackstone and Major McCutcheon to release the city council, whom they arrested because they were not doing things the way the military wanted. Kipper is not able to secure their freedom, but does make plans to pressure Blackstone further. The new Israeli Ambassador to the United States arrives to speak with Admiral Ritchie, who is the de facto representative of the US federal government. The ambassador has revealed that sources inside the Iraqi and Iranian militaries indicate that Iran transported chemical and biological weaponry to Iraq to fit to their Scud missiles. The Israeli military is preparing for a number of strikes in the Middle East on targets including Damascus, Baghdad and Tehran. Appalled at Israel's plan and pleas for US assistance in the operation, Ritchie orders the Israeli delegate out of his office. Inside the Negev Desert of Israel, F-15I jets prepare to take off to strike the Aswan High Dam in Egypt, while Jericho II nuclear missiles are already inbound to Libya, Syria, Iran, Iraq, and other sites in the Middle East.
Egypt, Libya, Iran, Iraq and Syria are all hit with nuclear weapons, completely destroying all those nations' governments and killing at least 85 million people outright. Over 30 million more are killed over the next few months from radiation poisoning. Admiral Ritchie beseeches the civilian governors from the three surviving states to nominate someone to be the new president, because without presidential authority the United States cannot deploy its nuclear weapons. With the Middle East utterly destroyed, the war in Iraq stops; Iraqi forces surrender en masse, while Iranian forces retreat. Without any governments at the national level, many local leaders in Iran and Iraq request Coalition aid. Israel rapidly becomes a pariah on the international stage and loses what little US support it had left.
Kipper rallies what's left of the City Council at Fort Lewis and meets with General Blackstone and his officers. The shooting at the food bank had been blamed on the Resistance, and Blackstone's heavy-handed tactics are alienating the people of Seattle. Kipper and Blackstone reach an agreement to release the imprisoned council members if martial law is allowed to remain in place. One of the council members brings up the subject of nuclear power plants behind the Wave, which are beginning to melt down.
Jules, Fifi and Lee are in Acapulco, Mexico trying to figure out who they're going to let on their boat, a yacht named "Aussie Rules", for the trip to Australia. They meet Rhino Ross, a retired US Coast Guard chief petty officer, and let him on the boat because of his experience at sea. Rhino helps them load stores onto the boat; since he has a penchant for smoking cigars, he is interested in there being a humidor on the ship. Jules and her crew escape Acapulco as chaos reigns on shore, because thousands of foreigners are stranded without anywhere to go.
Al-Mirsaad finds Melton in Kuwait and gets him a flight to London; they talk about what they will do now, and Melton tries to convince his friend to follow him to London, but al-Mirsaad refuses on the grounds that he has to stay in the Middle East to report on what is happening after Israel nukes it.
Caitlin is captured, tortured and raped in France by al-Banna and his French DGSE lackeys. Civil war has broken out between rogue French military and intelligence groups under Chirac, and more moderate, friendly forces under Nicolas Sarkozy. An Intifada in France results in the rise to power of Sarkozy and Caitlin is rescued by French military troops. The United Kingdom begins the mass deportation of its Muslim population, and seals its borders as it becomes a police state, admitting only Americans into the country. Bret Melton reaches London and then goes to Paris to report for the BBC on the Intifada. Jed Culver reports to Seattle and establishes an underground connection with Bill Gates, who now is one of the most powerful men in America. Under Gates, Microsoft has designed and produced the first smart phone, and Gates urges Jed Culver to help spread the phone technology amongst the Resistance to undermine General Blackstone.
China erupts into civil war after the economy there collapses; since China had been the largest net importer of food before the Disappearance, the country is now starving and has hundreds of millions unemployed and without incomes. The Chinese government and military, formerly engaged with Taiwan, are now fully enveloped in sectarian violence. In Cuba, General Musso is trying to figure out what to do with the detainees when they are attacked by Venezuela. During the attacks, Lt Col Pileggi and numerous US military personnel are killed; General Musso, facing superior numbers, flies a white flag, signalling the Venezuelan military that he is surrendering.
James Kipper is summoned to a meeting between the Seattle City Council and the military brass from Fort Lewis; here he meets Jed Culver, who has arrived in Seattle to work with the Seattle officials to help form a new federal government. While in Seattle, Culver meets Major Ty McCutcheon, who turns out to be a political spy for Blackstone. Culver, respecting McCutcheon's political savy, still does not like him and knows Kipper is the favored leader in Seattle; he starts to groom him toward that position while warning him away from McCutcheon and Blackstone.
General Franks contacts Musso before his surrender and tells him that they will get revenge on the Venezuelans; Hugo Chávez has already declared victory against the Americans after overrunning the navy base at Guantanamo. A damaged carrier battle group centered on the USS Nimitz is on its way after withdrawing from the war in Iraq, but is still ten days out. Musso opts to surrender. In the South Pacific, Jules and her crew are tailed by pirates and a storm. They desperately try to reach Australian waters before it is too late.
The meeting in Seattle does not go well, but Jed Culver witnesses James Kipper break up the in-fighting and instantly likes him. Upon returning home, James and Barbara are interrupted by Barney Tench, who is wanted by Blackstone's men for associating with the Resistance. While meeting with Tench in his den, James and Barbara hear the police arrive outside; they have come with a squad of soldiers from Fort Lewis to search the house for Tench. James is about to refuse them, but Barbara insists that the cops come in, but the soldiers stay outside because their boots are dirty. The cops search the home and find nothing. Kipper learns afterward that Tench hid in Suzie's toy box, and that he and Barbara have been a part of the Resistance since the beginning. Stunned, he refuses to believe it, but Barbara finally pushes him forward and tells him they have to do something before Blackstone takes over power.
Bret Melton arrives in Paris with a BBC team, only to get ambushed by Intifada fighters. His crew is killed, but Melton manages to fight off his attackers and escape into a damaged building. Almost simultaneously, Caitlin Monroe is nearby helping French security forces take down terrorists in the city, including some well-known bomb makers from Jemaah Islamiyah. Caitlin formulates a plan to breach the building in which al-Banna and his cronies are hiding.
The pirates attack the "Aussie Rules" during the height of the storm. While Jules and her Gurkha mercenaries are able to fight off the pirate assault, numerous people are killed, including Fifi. Admiral Ritchie has turned over command to General Franks after the United States finishes pulling all of its military forces out of the Middle East, including Afghanistan. In order to relieve General Musso, Admiral Ritchie and General Franks contact all the nuclear submarines the US has floating around the world; only one captain responds and launches his nuclear missiles at Venezuela, detonating them off the coast of their capital and scaring the Chavez government into pulling its forces from Cuba.
Through working with Gates and the Resistance in Seattle, Jed Culver is able to rankle support for James Kipper, who is appointed the acting President of the United States. Upon receiving this post, Kipper forces Blackstone into retirement and lifts martial law in the Washington State area. After the chaos, Caitlin Monroe wakes in England to find Bret Melton by her side; Melton had saved Monroe's life during the raid on al-Banna's compound, but al-Banna was not present. Both of them were wounded in the process. Jules and her crew are rescued by ships of the Royal New Zealand Navy. James Kipper has a high-energy physics lab investigate the Wave, but they are unable to ascertain the nature of it, or how it originated and why.
Exactly a year to the day, on March 14, 2004, the Wave disappears.
Reception.
Literary significance.
Jim Hopper of the San Diego Union-Tribune said "Without Warning" is an example of "'mainstream' genres (thrillers particularly) incorporate some SFnal elements pretty often as greater or lesser plot element."

</doc>
<doc id="19479316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479316" title="Giulio Castagnoli">
Giulio Castagnoli

Giulio Castagnoli (born Rome, 22 November 1958) is an Italian composer.
Castagnoli graduated in literature (Turin University), piano and composition (Turin Conservatory) before postgraduate degrees in composition at the Hochschule für Musik Freiburg with Brian Ferneyhough (1986), and at Accademia Nazionale di Santa Cecilia in Rome with Franco Donatoni (1987). He is currently professor of composition at the Turin Conservatory.
Castagnoli collaborates with RAI-Radiotelevisione Italiana as a musicologist in programs on contemporary music, leads a concert series in Turin, and is the editor of the musical review "Quaderni di Musica Nuova". He won several international composition contexts. His one act radio opera "To the Museum" got a special mention of the Jury at 1991 Prix Italia. He was selected in many other events, like the World Music Days of the ISCM in Hong Kong in 1988. Luciano Berio conducted his music. Castagnoli has also received commissions from Radio France, RAI-Italian Radio, the City of Geneva, Stamford Chamber Orchestra (U.S.A.), Radio Suisse Romande, and from festivals, soloists and ensembles including the Elision Ensemble, Melbourne, Nieuw Ensemble, Amsterdam, Divertimento Ensemble, Milan, Xenia Ensemble, Turin. Castagnoli was invited by DAAD – Senate of Berlin as composer in residence 1998-99 and in summer 2003. As a musicologist, he obtained scholarship from the Paul Sacher Foundation, Basel in 1999. Luciano Berio commissioned from him his "Concerto per Violoncello e Doppia Orchestra", for Santa Cecilia 2002 which had a 3 concert season in Rome.
Bibliography.
Music editions.
Giulio Castagnoli's works are published by:

</doc>
<doc id="19479338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479338" title="Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly election, 2008">
Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly election, 2008

Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly Election 2008 has been declared by Election Commission of India on 14 October 2008. Elections were scheduled for 230 seats on 27 November 2008. Counting started on 8 December 2008.
Parties.
Election was mainly contested between two national parties, Bharatiya Janata Party and Indian National Congress.
Other parties include Bahujan Samaj Party, Bharatiya Jan Shakti Party and Samajwadi Party
Winning Candidates.
List of winning candidates of Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP)
Candidate's Name Constituencies
List of winning candidates of Indian National Congress (INC)
Candidate's Name Constituencies
List of winning candidates of Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP)

</doc>
<doc id="19479340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479340" title="2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup – Men's 100 metres">
2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup – Men's 100 metres

The 100 metres distance for men in the 2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup was contested over four races on four occasions, out of a total of nine World Cup occasions for the season, with the first occasion involving the distance taking place in Changchun, China, on 6–7 December 2008, and the final occasion taking place in Salt Lake City, United States, on 6–7 March 2009.
Yuya Oikawa of Japan won the cup, while Yu Fengtong of China came second, and the defending champion, Lee Kang-seok of South Korea, had to settle for third place.
Final standings.
"Standings as of 8 March 2009 (end of the season)."

</doc>
<doc id="19479372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479372" title="Cattaneo">
Cattaneo

Cattaneo is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19479378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479378" title="Dittisham">
Dittisham

Dittisham is a village and civil parish in the South Hams district of the English county of Devon. It is situated on the banks of the tidal River Dart, some upstream of Dartmouth.
The Greenway Ferry carries pedestrians across the river from Dittisham to Greenway Quay, adjacent to the Greenway Estate. Formerly the home of the late crime writer Agatha Christie, this has views across the river, and the house and gardens are now owned by the National Trust and are open to the public.
As of the year 2001, the parish had a population of 424. The equivalent figures for 1801 and 1901 are 639 and 549.
Dittisham has given its name to the Dittisham plum, a dessert variety grown here.
External links.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="19479379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479379" title="Son Barry">
Son Barry

Edward "Son" Barry (8 March 1877 – 31 December 1959) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Although his first name was Edward, Barry was known during his career by the nickname "Son". He joined Essendon from Albert Park and was a rover in their 1897 premiership team. A regular Victorian interstate representative, Barry also played as a half forward and half back. In 1901 he was a member of his second premiership side.

</doc>
<doc id="19479387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479387" title="2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup – Women's 100 metres">
2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup – Women's 100 metres

The 100 metres distance for women in the 2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup was contested over four races on four occasions, out of a total of nine World Cup occasions for the season, with the first occasion involving the distance taking place in Changchun, China, on 6–7 December 2008, and the final occasion taking place in Salt Lake City, United States, on 6–7 March 2009.
Jenny Wolf of Germany successfully defended her title, while Thijsje Oenema of the Netherlands came second, and Xing Aihua of China came third.
Final standings.
"Standings as of 8 March 2009 (end of the season)."

</doc>
<doc id="19479403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479403" title="Hugh Davies">
Hugh Davies

Hugh Davies or Huw Davies may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19479411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479411" title="Henry Collett">
Henry Collett

Sir Henry Collett (6 March 1836 – 21 December 1901) was an English soldier and botanist. He served as an army officer in the East India Company.
Collett was born in Thetford, Norfolk and studied at Tonbridge School and at Addiscombe Military Seminary. He entered the Bengal army in 1855, rising through the ranks to become a lieutenant-colonel in 1879. In the Second Anglo-Afghan War (1878–80) he acted as quartermaster-general on the staff of Frederick Roberts, 1st Earl Roberts. He was promoted colonel in 1884, made KCB in 1891, and from 1892 to 1893 he commanded the Peshawar district with the rank of major-general. He retired from the army in 1893.
Collett was keen botanist, collecting plants in Afghanistan, Algeria, Burma, the Canaries, Corsica, India, Java, and Spain. He was made a fellow of the Linnean Society in 1879. At his death he was working on a book on the flora of Simla, which was published posthumously as "Flora Simlensis" (1902).

</doc>
<doc id="19479413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479413" title="Emin Ismajli">
Emin Ismajli

Emin Ismajli (born 31 May 1982 in Gnjilane) is an Albanian football defender who plays for Waldhof Mannheim.

</doc>
<doc id="19479419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479419" title="Kate McAll">
Kate McAll

Kate McAll is Executive Producer, Radio Drama at BBC Wales. There she is a radio director and producer for BBC Radio 3 and Radio 4. Her credits include "How I Live Now" (Radio 3) and "The Worst Journey in the World" (Radio 4), along with seven Torchwood radio episodes.
Radio Plays.
Sources:

</doc>
<doc id="19479423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479423" title="2003 Chatham Cup">
2003 Chatham Cup

The 2003 Chatham Cup was the 76th annual nationwide knockout football competition in New Zealand.
Up to the last 16 of the competition, the cup was run in three regions (northern, central, and southern), with an open draw from the quarter-finals on. In all, 131 teams took part in the competition. The competition consisted of a preliminary round and five rounds proper before quarter-finals, semi-finals, and a final. Golden goal extra time was played in ties which finished level at full time.
The 2003 final.
Derek Rugg became the first referee since G. Jackson in the 1920s and 1930s to control three Chatham Cup finals, heving previously refereed the 2000 and 2002 finals. In the final University-Mount Wellington subdued Melville United, running out 3-1 winners.
The Jack Batty Memorial Cup is awarded to the player adjudged to have made to most positive impact in the Chatham Cup final. The winner of the 2003 Jack Batty Memorial Cup was Kara Waetford of University-Mount Wellington.

</doc>
<doc id="19479427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479427" title="Arnolds Tauriņš">
Arnolds Tauriņš

Arnolds Tauriņš (10 August 1905 - 20 August 1984 in Milwaukee) was a Latvian footballer, a seven-time champion of Latvia in 1920s-1930s.
Biography.
For the biggest part of his career Tauriņš played with RFK, but he started playing with Amatieris in 1923 (he played again with Amatieris in 1928). A year later he joined RFK as it won its first Latvian Higher League title. Over the eleven seasons that Tauriņš played with RFK he won seven Latvian league titles - the highest number for any Riga footballer in pre-war Latvia, only matched by Kārlis Tīls and Fricis Laumanis of Olimpija Liepāja. Tauriņš also won the Riga Football Cup twice when playing for RFK.
Tauriņš was notable not only for his success when playing for the club but also for his career in the Latvia national football team. His international career went on for 10 years (from 1925 to 1935) over which Tauriņš played 39 matches for the national team and scored 10 goals, making him the fifth most-capped footballer in pre-war Latvia and the countries fourth best international goal-scorer. One of his goals brought Latvia victory in the first ever Baltic Cup.
After World War II Tauriņš ended up outside Latvia and later lived in the USA.

</doc>
<doc id="19479460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479460" title="X-Men (film)">
X-Men (film)

X-Men is a 2000 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics superhero team of the same name, distributed by 20th Century Fox. It is the first installament in the "X-Men" film series. The film directed by Bryan Singer, written by David Hayter, and features an ensemble cast that includes Patrick Stewart, Hugh Jackman, Ian McKellen, Anna Paquin, Famke Janssen, Bruce Davison, James Marsden, Halle Berry, Rebecca Romijn, Ray Park and Tyler Mane. It depicts a world in which a small proportion of people are mutants, whose possession of superhuman powers makes them distrusted by normal humans. The film focuses on the mutants Wolverine and Rogue as they are brought into a conflict between two groups that have radically different approaches to bringing about the acceptance of mutantkind: Professor Xavier's X-Men, and the Brotherhood of Mutants, led by Magneto.
Development for "X-Men" began as far back as 1989 with James Cameron and Carolco Pictures. The film rights went to 20th Century Fox in 1994. Scripts and film treatments were commissioned from Andrew Kevin Walker, John Logan, Joss Whedon and Michael Chabon. Singer signed to direct in 1996, with further rewrites by Ed Solomon, Singer, Tom DeSanto, Christopher McQuarrie and David Hayter. Start dates kept getting pushed back, while Fox decided to move "X-Men"'s release date from December to July 2000. Filming took place from September 22, 1999 to March 3, 2000, primarily in Toronto. "X-Men" was released to positive reviews and was a financial success, starting the "X-Men" film franchise and spawning a reemergence of superhero films.
Plot.
In 1944 German-occupied Poland, a 13-year-old Erik Lehnsherr is separated from his parents upon entry to a concentration camp. In attempting to reach them, he causes a set of gates to bend towards him, as though attracted by a magnetic force. Decades later, in the not too distant future, Senator Robert Kelly attempts to pass a "Mutant Registration Act" in Congress which would force mutants to publicly reveal their identities and abilities. Present are Lehnsherr, now known as Magneto, and the telepathic Professor Charles Xavier, who privately discuss their differing viewpoints on the relationship between humans and mutants.
In Meridian, Mississippi, 17-year-old Marie D'Ancanto accidentally puts her boyfriend into a coma upon kissing him which was caused by her unknown superhuman ability to absorb the life force and mutant abilities of anyone she touches. In fear that she is harmful, Marie, now going by the name of Rogue, runs away to Laughlin City, Alberta. While at a bar, she meets Logan, an amateur fighter known as "Wolverine", who also possesses superhuman healing abilities, heightened senses, and metal claws that extend outwards from between his knuckles. While on the road together, both of them are attacked by Sabretooth, a fellow mutant and an associate of Magneto. Cyclops and Storm arrive and save Wolverine and Rogue, and bring them to the X-Mansion in Westchester County, New York. They are introduced to Xavier, who leads a group of mutants called the X-Men, who are trying to seek peace with the human race, educate young mutants in the responsible use of their powers, and stop Magneto from escalating the war with humanity.
Senator Kelly is abducted by Magneto's allies Toad and the shapeshifter Mystique and brought to their lair. Magneto uses Kelly as test subject of a machine that artificially induces mutation. Kelly uses his new mutant abilities to escape imprisonment. After an accident causes Rogue to use her powers on Wolverine, she is convinced by Mystique (disguised as classmate Bobby Drake) that Xavier is angry with her and that she should leave the school. Xavier uses his mutant-locating machine Cerebro to find Rogue at a train station. Mystique infiltrates Cerebro and sabotages the machine.
At the train station, Wolverine convinces Rogue to stay with Xavier, but a fight ensues when Magneto, Toad and Sabretooth arrive to take Rogue. Kelly arrives at Xavier's school, shortly before dying due to the instability of his artificial mutation. The X-Men learn that Magneto was severely weakened in the test of the machine on Kelly, and realize that he intends to use Rogue's power-transferring ability so that she can power the machine in his place, putting her life at risk. Xavier attempts to use Cerebro to locate Rogue, but Mystique's sabotage causes him to fall into a coma. Fellow telepath Jean Grey fixes and uses Cerebro, learning that Magneto plans to place his mutation-inducing machine on Liberty Island and use it to mutate the world leaders meeting for a summit on nearby Ellis Island.
The X-Men scale the Statue of Liberty, defeating Toad and incapacitating Mystique, before Magneto and Sabretooth incapacitate the group and continue with their plans. Magneto transfers his powers to Rogue, forcing her to use them to start the machine. Wolverine escapes and defeats Sabretooth. Storm uses her weather-controlling powers and Jean her telekinesis to lift Wolverine to the top of Magneto's machine. Wolverine saves Rogue, with Cyclops knocks out Magneto, and destroys the machine. Wolverine touches the dying Rogue's face, and his regenerative abilities are transferred to her, causing her to recover.
Professor Xavier recovers from his coma. The group learns that Mystique is still alive, and impersonating Senator Kelly. Xavier tells Wolverine that near where he was found in Canada is an abandoned military base that might contain information about his past. Xavier visits Magneto in a prison cell constructed entirely of plastic, and the two play chess (Xavier seems to have the upper hand). Magneto warns that he will continue his fight, to which Xavier promises that he and the X-Men will always be there to stop him. As Xavier is being taken away from the prison by a guard, Magneto pushes his king chess piece over.
Cast.
David Hayter, Stan Lee, and Tom DeSanto make cameo appearances. George Buza, the voice of Beast in "X-Men: The Animated Series", appeared as the truck driver who drops Rogue off at the bar at which Wolverine fights. Other cameo appearances include Sumela Kay as Kitty Pryde, Katrina Florece as Jubilee and a young Colossus sketching a picture in one scene. Gambit was considered for one of the students at the X-Mansion. Singer remembered, "We thought about Gambit as the young boy on the basketball field, but the feeling was that if he has the basketball and then releases it and it exploded, people would be like 'What's wrong with those basketballs?'" The success of "X-Men" (alongside "Blade") started a reemergence for the comic book and superhero film genre.
Production.
Development.
Throughout 1989 and 1990, Stan Lee and Chris Claremont were in discussions with James Cameron and Carolco Pictures for an "X-Men" film adaptation. The deal fell apart when Cameron went to work on "Spider-Man", Carolco went bankrupt, and the film rights reverted to Marvel Studios. In December 1992, Marvel discussed selling the property to Columbia Pictures to no avail. Meanwhile, Avi Arad produced the animated "X-Men" TV series for Fox Kids. 20th Century Fox was impressed by the success of the TV show, and producer Lauren Shuler Donner purchased the film rights for them in 1994.
Andrew Kevin Walker was hired to write the script in early 1994. Walker's draft involved Professor Xavier recruiting Wolverine into the X-Men, which consists of Cyclops, Jean Grey, Iceman, Beast, and Angel. The Brotherhood of Mutants, which consisted of Magneto, Sabretooth, Toad, Juggernaut and the Blob, try to conquer New York City, while Henry Peter Gyrich and Bolivar Trask attack the X-Men with three tall Sentinels. The script focused on the rivalry between Wolverine and Cyclops, as well as the latter's self-doubt as a field leader. Part of the backstory invented for Magneto made him the cause of the Chernobyl disaster. The script also featured the X-Copter and the Danger Room. Walker turned in his second draft in June 1994.
More scripts were written by John Logan, James Schamus, and Joss Whedon. One of these scripts kept the idea of Magneto turning Manhattan into a "mutant homeland", while another hinged on a romance between Wolverine and Storm. Whedon's draft heavily featured the Danger Room, and concluded with Jean Grey dressed as the Phoenix. According to "Entertainment Weekly", this screenplay was rejected because of its "quick-witted pop culture-referencing tone", and the finished film contained only two dialogue exchanges that Whedon had contributed. In 1996, Fox approached Michael Chabon to write a script. Chabon's six-page film treatment focused heavily on character development between Wolverine and Jubilee. It also included Professor X, Cyclops, Jean Grey, Nightcrawler, Beast, Iceman, and Storm. Under Chabon's plan, the villains would not have been introduced until the second film.
Robert Rodriguez was approached to direct, but turned down the offer. Bryan Singer was looking to do a science fiction film after the release of "The Usual Suspects". Fox approached Singer for "Alien Resurrection", but producer Tom DeSanto felt "X-Men" would be a better opportunity as he was impressed with how Singer directed an ensemble cast in "The Usual Suspects". Singer turned down the offer, believing that comic books were unintelligent literature. By July 1996, Singer had further turned down the film another two times, and finally accepted after reading the comics and watching the animated series. The themes of prejudice in the comic resonated with Singer.
By December 1996, Singer was in the director's position, while Ed Solomon was hired to write the script in April 1997, and Singer went to film "Apt Pupil". Fox then announced a Christmas 1998 release date. In late 1997, the budget was projected at $60 million. In late 1998, Singer and DeSanto sent a treatment to Fox, which they believed was "perfect" because it took "seriously" the themes and the comparisons between Xavier and Magneto and Martin Luther King and Malcolm X, unlike the other scripts. They made Rogue an important character because Singer recognized that her mutation, which renders her unable to touch anyone, was the most symbolic of alienation. Singer merged attributes of Kitty Pryde and Jubilee into the film's depiction of Rogue. Magneto's plot to mutate the world leaders into accepting his people is reminiscent of how Constantine I's conversion to Christianity ended the persecution of early Christians in the Roman Empire; the analogy was emphasized in a deleted scene in which Storm teaches history. Senator Kelly's claim that he has a list of mutants living in the United States recalls Joseph McCarthy's similar claim regarding communists.
Fox, who had projected the budget at $75 million, rejected the treatment which they estimated would have cost $5 million more. Beast, Nightcrawler, Pyro, and the Danger Room had to be deleted before the studio greenlighted "X-Men". Fox head Thomas Rothman argued that this would enhance the story, and Singer concurred that removing the Danger Room allowed him to focus on other scenes he preferred. Elements of Beast, particularly his medical expertise, were transferred to Jean Grey. Singer and DeSanto brought Christopher McQuarrie from "The Usual Suspects", and together did another rewrite. David Hayter simultaneously rewrote the screenplay, receiving solo screenplay credit from the Writers Guild of America, while Singer and DeSanto were given story credit. The WGA offered McQuarrie a credit, but he voluntarily took his name off when the final version was more in line with Hayter's script than his.
Casting.
Russell Crowe was Singer's first choice to play Wolverine. After Crowe turned the role down due to salary demands, a number of actors offered their services for the role before Singer cast Dougray Scott. Part of Scott's contract included a sequel, but Scott backed out due to scheduling conflicts with "" in early October 1999. Hugh Jackman, who was an unknown actor at the time, was cast three weeks into filming. Keanu Reeves also expressed interest in the role.
Singer first suggested to Patrick Stewart that he play Xavier while "X-Men" executive producer Richard Donner was filming 1997's "Conspiracy Theory". James Caviezel was originally cast as Cyclops, but backed out due to scheduling conflicts with "Frequency". James Marsden was unfamiliar with his character, but soon became accustomed after reading various comic books. Marsden modeled his performance similar to a Boy Scout. Eric Mabius expressed interest for the role of Cyclops. Angela Bassett was approached to portray Storm in late 1997, as was Janet Jackson. Anna Paquin dropped out of the lead role in "Tart" in favor of "X-Men". Terence Stamp was considered for Magneto before Singer cast Ian McKellen, who acted in his previous film, "Apt Pupil". McKellen responded to the gay allegory of the film, "the allegory of the mutants as outsiders, disenfranchised and alone and coming to all of that at puberty when their difference manifests," Singer explained. "Ian is activist and he really responded to the potential of that allegory."
Filming.
The original start date was mid-1999, with the release date set for Christmas 2000, but Fox moved "X-Men" to June. Steven Spielberg had been scheduled to film "Minority Report" for release in June 2000, but he had chosen to film "A.I. Artificial Intelligence", and Fox needed a film to fill the void. This meant that Singer had to finish "X-Men" six months ahead of schedule, although filming had been pushed back. The release date was then moved to July 14.
Filming took place from September 22, 1999 to March 3, 2000 in Toronto and in Hamilton, Ontario. Locations included Central Commerce Collegiate, Distillery District and Canadian Warplane Heritage Museum. Casa Loma, Roy Thomson Hall and Metro Hall were used for X-Mansion interiors, while Parkwood Estate (located in Oshawa, east of Toronto) was chosen for exteriors. This estate was also the mansion in Billy Madison. For the train station scenes, Toronto Union Station and Hamilton GO Centre were set. Spencer Smith Park (in Burlington, Ontario) doubled for Liberty Island. A scale model was used for the Statue of Liberty.
Design and effects.
The filmmakers decided not to replicate the X-Men costumes as seen in the comic book. Stan Lee and Chris Claremont supported this decision. Claremont joked, "you can do that on a drawing, but when you put it on people it's disturbing!" Producer/co-writer Tom DeSanto had been supportive of using the blue and yellow color scheme of the comics, but came to conclude that they would not work onscreen. To acknowledge the fan complaints, Singer added Cyclops' line "What would you prefer, yellow spandex?" – when Wolverine complains about wearing their uniforms – during filming. Singer noted that durable black leather made more sense for the X-Men to wear as protective clothing, and Shuler Donner added that the costumes helped them "blend into the night".
Wolverine's claws required a full silicone cast of Hugh Jackman's arm, and 700 versions for Jackman and his stunt doubles. It took nine hours to apply Rebecca Romijn's prosthetic makeup. She could not drink wine, use skin creams, or fly the day before filming, because it could have caused her body chemistry to change slightly, causing the 110 prosthetics applied to her skin to fall off. Between takes, the makeup department kept Romijn isolated in a windowless room to ensure secrecy. Romijn reflected, "I had almost no contact with the rest of the cast; it was like I was making a different movie from everyone else. It was hell."
In the late 1990s, computer-generated imagery was becoming more commonly used. Singer visited the sets of "" and "Titanic" to understand practical and digital effects. Filming had started without a special effects company hired. Digital Domain, Cinesite, Kleiser-Walczak Construction, Hammerhead Production, Matte World Digital, CORE and POP were all hired in December 1999. Visual effects supervisor Mike Fink admitted to have been dissatisfied with his work on "X-Men" in 2003, despite nearly being nominated for an Academy Award.
Digital Domain's technical director Sean C. Cunningham and lead compositor Claas Henke morphed Bruce Davison into a liquid figure for Kelly's mutation scene. Cunningham said, "There were many digital layers: water without refraction, water with murkiness, skin with and without highlights, skin with goo in it. When rendered together, it took 39 hours per frame." They considered showing Kelly's internal organs during the transformation, "but that seemed too gruesome", according to Cunningham.
Music.
Singer approached John Williams to compose the film score, but Williams turned down the offer because of scheduling conflicts. John Ottman was originally set as composer, but Michael Kamen was eventually hired.
Marketing.
On June 1, 2000, Marvel published a comic book prequel to "X-Men", entitled "X-Men: Beginnings", revealing the backstories of Magneto, Rogue and Wolverine. There was also a comic book adaptation based on the film.
Video game.
A console video game was released on July 6, 2000 featuring costumes and other materials from the film. It received mixed to positive reviews from critics.
Reception.
Box office.
Marvel Studios was depending on "X-Men"'s success to ignite other franchise properties ("Spider-Man", "Fantastic Four", "Hulk" and "Daredevil"). "X-Men" was released in 3,025 theaters in North America on July 14, 2000, earning $54,471,475 in its opening weekend. The film eventually grossed $157,299,717 and made $139,039,810 in other countries, coming to a worldwide total of $296,339,527. "X-Men" was the ninth highest-grossing film of 2000. The film made over $50 million in home video sales.
Critical response.
The film received positive reviews. Based on 153 reviews collected by Rotten Tomatoes, 82% were positive. Metacritic collected an average score of 64/100 from 33 reviews.
Kenneth Turan found "so much is happening you feel the immediate need of a sequel just as a reward for absorbing it all. While "X-Men" doesn't take your breath away wire-to-wire the way "The Matrix" did, it's an accomplished piece of work with considerable pulp watchability to it." ReelReviews.net's James Berardinelli, an "X-Men" comic book fan, believed, "the film is effectively paced with a good balance of exposition, character development, and special effects-enhanced action. Neither the plot nor the character relationships are difficult to follow, and the movie avoids the trap of spending too much time explaining things that don't need to be explained. X-Men fandom is likely to be divided over whether the picture is a success or a failure". Desson Thomson of "The Washington Post" commented, "he movie's enjoyable on the surface, but I suspect many people, even die-hards, will be less enthusiastic about what lies, or doesn't, underneath".
Roger Ebert of the "Chicago Sun-Times" said he "started out liking this movie, while waiting for something really interesting to happen. When nothing did, I still didn't dislike it; I assume the X-Men will further develop their personalities if there is a sequel, and maybe find time to get involved in a story. No doubt fans of the comics will understand subtle allusions and fine points of behavior; they should linger in the lobby after each screening to answer questions." He also gave it a "thumbs down" on "Ebert & Roeper". Peter Travers of "Rolling Stone" noted, "Since it's Wolverine's movie, any X-Men or Women who don't hinge directly on his story get short shrift. As Storm, Halle Berry can do neat tricks with weather, but her role is gone with the wind. It sucks that Stewart and McKellen, two superb actors, are underused."
Awards.
The film was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation, but lost to "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon". "X-Men" was successful at the Saturn Awards. It won categories for Best Science Fiction Film, direction (Singer), writing (David Hayter), costume design, Best Actor (Hugh Jackman) and Supporting Actress (Rebecca Romijn). Nominations included Performance by a Younger Actor (Anna Paquin), Supporting Actor (Patrick Stewart), Special Effects and Make-up. "Empire" readers voted Singer Best Director.
Home media.
"X-Men" was released on DVD and VHS by 20th Century Fox in 2006 titled "X-Men 1.5". The DVD includes the theatrical version of the film plus several special features including: The "VHS" release was limited and is now no longer available as of 2011.
X-Men was released on Blu-ray in April 2009, followed by a release of a Blu-ray/DVD/digital copy combo version in May 2011. The combo version includes the DVD extras as well as additional Blu-ray extras:

</doc>
<doc id="19479468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479468" title="Mark Meadows (actor)">
Mark Meadows (actor)

Mark Meadows is a British actor.
On radio, Meadows has appeared in "Lost Souls" and "The Worst Journey in the World", both first broadcast in 2008 and directed by Kate McAll for BBC Radio 4.
On television, Meadows appeared as 'Reverend Wallace' in an episode of the BBC soap opera "EastEnders" on 29 July 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19479470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479470" title="Portia Geach Memorial Award">
Portia Geach Memorial Award

The Portia Geach Memorial Award is an annual award for Australian female portraitists. The Award was established in 1961 as a testamentary trust by Florence Kate Geach, sister of Australian painter Portia Geach, with an initial endowment of 12,000 Australian pounds. The first prize given under the aegis of the Award was made in 1965, comprising a £1,000 prize to Jean Appleton for a self-portrait. In 2010, the Award was worth A$18,000.
The Award aims to support female artists working in the field of portraits painted from life, and is given based upon the field entries submitted to the Award. Under the terms of the initial endowment, the Award is designed to recognise:
"... the best portraits painted from life of some man or woman distinguished in Art, Letters or the Sciences by any female artist resident in Australia during the 12 months preceding the date fixed by the Trustees for sending in the pictures and who was born in Australia or was British born or has become a naturalised Australian and whose place of domicile is Australia."
Previous winners.
Past winners of the award have been:

</doc>
<doc id="19479481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479481" title="Shpëtim Hasani">
Shpëtim Hasani

Shpëtim Hasani (born 10 August 1982) is a Kosovar footballer who plays for Örebro SK as a striker.

</doc>
<doc id="19479528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479528" title="Valerio">
Valerio

Valerio or Valério is a male given name in several languages, derived from the Roman surname "Valerius", which itself is derived from the Latin verb "valere" - "to be strong". "Valerio" also appears as a family name or surname
Dissemination.
Valerio is a relatively common given name in Italy, while its incidence is less common in the Spanish and Croatian Sprachraum. The Portuguese form of the name is Valério. The form of Valerio is Valeriu in the Romanian language.
Individuals carrying the name.
With the given name Valerio:
With the surname Valerio:

</doc>
<doc id="19479560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479560" title="Robert Garcia">
Robert Garcia

Robert Garcia or Robbie Garcia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19479588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479588" title="2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup – Men's 500 metres">
2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup – Men's 500 metres

The 500 metres distance for men in the 2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup was contested over 13 races on seven occasions, out of a total of nine World Cup occasions for the season, with the first occasion taking place in Berlin, Germany, on 7–9 November 2008, and the final occasion taking place in Salt Lake City, United States, on 6–7 March 2009.
Yu Fengtong of China won the cup, while Keiichiro Nagashima of Japan came second, and Tucker Fredricks of the United States came third. Defending champion Jeremy Wotherspoon of Canada suffered an arm injury in race 2 of the first occasion, which stopped him from participating in the rest of the World Cup season.
Final standings.
"Standings as of 8 March 2009 (end of the season)."

</doc>
<doc id="19479590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479590" title="Karima Abd-Daif">
Karima Abd-Daif

Karima Abd-Daif (born 18 June 1965) is a Moroccan Norwegian politician for the Labour Party.
Born in Meknès, Morocco, she migrated to Norway and took an education in economics and French language at the Oslo University College and Bergen University College. She has been elected to Oslo city council several times.
She also serves as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Oslo during the term 2005–2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19479597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479597" title="1893–94 Newton Heath F.C. season">
1893–94 Newton Heath F.C. season

The 1893–94 season was Newton Heath's second season in the Football League. They finished last in the First Division for the second consecutive season, meaning that they faced a Test match against Liverpool in order to retain their top-flight status. They lost the match, which was played at Ewood Park, Blackburn, 2–0 and were relegated to the Second Division. In the FA Cup, the Heathens managed to reach the Second Round before being knocked out by Blackburn Rovers, losing 5–1 in a replay.
The club also entered teams in the Lancashire and Manchester Senior Cups in 1893–94, but were knocked out in the first round of both competitions. In the latter half of the season, a Newton Heath team also competed in the Palatine League in an attempt to add more league fixtures to the calendar. However, the experiment was unsuccessful, as the team lost four of their eight games.
Football League First Division.
Pld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; F = Goals for; A = Goals against; GD = Goal difference; Pts = Points

</doc>
<doc id="19479613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479613" title="Chegongzhuang Station">
Chegongzhuang Station

Chegongzhuang Station () is an interchange station on Line 2 and Line 6 of the Beijing Subway. The station is on intersection of Chegongzhuang street and the W 2nd Ring rd. It provides direct access to Guanyuan Park.

</doc>
<doc id="19479615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479615" title="Fuchengmen Station">
Fuchengmen Station

Fuchengmen Station () is a station on Line 2 of the Beijing Subway.

</doc>
<doc id="19479617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479617" title="Malena Alterio">
Malena Alterio

Malena Grisel Alterio Bacaicoa (Buenos Aires, 21 January 1974) is an Argentine-born Spanish actress.
Her father is the Argentine actor Héctor Alterio and her brother Ernesto is also an actor.
She moved to Spain when she was a baby and studied drama in Cristina Rota's school.
She became well-known with the Spanish TV series "Aquí no hay quien viva" (Antena 3).

</doc>
<doc id="19479622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479622" title="Changchunjie Station">
Changchunjie Station

Changchunjie Station () is a station on Line 2 of the Beijing Subway.

</doc>
<doc id="19479627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479627" title="Xuanwumen Station (Beijing)">
Xuanwumen Station (Beijing)

Xuanwumen Station () is an interchange station between Line 2 and Line 4 of the Beijing Subway. The station opened in 1971 and handles an average of 350,000 passengers per day.

</doc>
<doc id="19479629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479629" title="Hepingmen Station">
Hepingmen Station

Hepingmen Station () is a station on Line 2 of the Beijing Subway.

</doc>
<doc id="19479633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479633" title="2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup – Women's 500 metres">
2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup – Women's 500 metres

The 500 metres distance for women in the 2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup was contested over 13 races on seven occasions, out of a total of nine World Cup occasions for the season, with the first occasion taking place in Berlin, Germany, on 7–9 November 2008, and the final occasion taking place in Salt Lake City, United States, on 6–7 March 2009.
Jenny Wolf of Germany successfully defended her title, while Margot Boer of the Netherlands came second. Lee Sang-hwa of South Korea repeated her third place from the previous season.
Final standings.
"Standings as of 8 March 2009 (end of the season)."

</doc>
<doc id="19479634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479634" title="Qianmen Station">
Qianmen Station

Qianmen Station () is a station on Line 2 of the Beijing Subway.

</doc>
<doc id="19479639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479639" title="1958–59 DFB-Pokal">
1958–59 DFB-Pokal

The DFB-Pokal 1958–59 was the 16th season of the competition. It began on 3 October 1959 and ended on 27 December 1959. Four teams competed in the tournament of two rounds. In the final Schwarz-Weiß Essen defeated Borussia Neunkirchen 5 – 2.

</doc>
<doc id="19479641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479641" title="Road collision types">
Road collision types

Road traffic collisions generally fall into one of four common types:
Although other types of collision do occur. Rollovers are not very common, but lead to greater rates of severe injury and death. Some of these are secondary events that occur after a collision with a run-off-road crash or a collision with another vehicle.
Head-on collisions.
Head-on collisions often have poor outcomes because of the speed involved when the collision takes place. The typical cause of head-on collisions is when one vehicle inadvertently strays into the path of an oncoming vehicle. However, the root cause sometimes lies in a steering overcorrection after veering to the side of the road as opposed to the centre.
Risk of head-on collisions.
The likelihood of head-on collision is at its greatest on roads with narrow lanes, sharp curves, no separation of lanes of opposing traffic and high volumes of traffic. Crash severity, measured as risk of death and injury, and repair costs to vehicles, increases as speed increases.
Therefore the roads with the greatest risk of head-on collision are busy single-carriageway roads outside urban areas where speeds are highest.
Contrast this with motorways, which rarely have a high risk of head-on collision in spite of the high speeds involved, because of the median separation treatments such as cable barriers, Concrete step barriers, Jersey barriers, metal crash barriers, and wide medians.
Countermeasures.
The greatest risk reduction in terms of head-on collision comes through the separation of oncoming traffic, also known as median separation or median treatment, which can reduce road collisions in the order of 70%. Indeed both Ireland and Sweden have undertaken large programmes of safety fencing on 2+1 roads. 
Median barriers can be divided into three basic categories: rigid barrier systems, semi-rigid barrier systems, and flexible barrier systems. Rigid barrier systems are made up of concrete and are the most common barrier type in use today (e.g. Jersey barrier or concrete step barrier). They are the most costly to install, but have relatively low life-cycle costs, making them economically viable over time. The second barrier type, semi-rigid, is commonly known as guardrail or guiderail barriers. The initial installation of this type can reach as much as $100,000 per mile. These more forgiving barriers are meant to absorb the impact of an accident, and as a result, increase the cost of their life-cycle with each crash and each repair. The third median barrier type is the flexible barrier systems (e.g. cable barriers). Cable barriers are the most forgiving and the least expensive to install, but have high life-cycle costs due to repair needs after crashes. On the other hand, they have been shown to have calculated cost benefits calculating to as much as $420,000 per mile annually. Much cheaper collision reduction methods are to improve road markings, to reduce speeds and to separate traffic with wide central hatching.
Sealing of safety zones along the side of the road (also known as a hard-shoulder) can also reduce the risk of head-on collisions caused by steering over-correction.
Where a hard shoulder cannot be provided, a "safety edge" can reduce the chances of steering overcorrection. An attachment is added to the paving machine to provide a beveled edge at 30 to 35-degree angle to horizontal, rather than the usual near-vertical edge. This works by reducing the steering angle needed for the tire to climb up the pavement edge. For a vertical edge, the steering angle needed to mount the pavement edge is sharp enough to cause loss of control once the vehicle is back on top of the pavement. If the driver cannot correct this in time, the vehicle may veer into oncoming traffic, or off the opposite side of the road.
Single-vehicle collisions.
A single-vehicle collision is when a single road vehicle has a collision without involving any other vehicle.
They usually have similar root causes as head-on collisions, but no other vehicle happened to be in the path of the vehicle leaving its lane. Severe collisions of this type can happen on motorways, since speeds are extra high, increasing the severity.
Intersection collisions.
Crashes at intersections (road junctions) are a very common type of road collision types. Collisions may involve head-on impact when one vehicle crosses an opposing lane of traffic to turn at an intersection, or side impacts when one vehicle crosses the path of an adjoining vehicle at an intersection.
Risk of intersection collisions.
The risk of intersection collisions differs on rural and urban roads, with around 50% of urban crashes and 30% of rural crashes occurring at junctions. In urban areas the likelihood of an intersection collision occurring is high as they typically have a higher density of junctions. On rural roads while the likelihood of a collision may be lower (because of fewer intersections) the outcome of the collision is often significantly worse because of the increased speeds involved. 
Because intersection collisions often result in side-impacts they are therefore often fatal because people are seated close to the part of the car that provides little protection.
Countermeasures.
Although expensive to implement, roundabouts are an effective way of reducing the speed of traffic at intersections reducing the likelihood of high speed right-angle collisions. Clear road markings and signing are low cost methods of improving safety at intersections.

</doc>
<doc id="19479642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479642" title="Christopher Beck">
Christopher Beck

Christopher Beck (born November 12, 1984) is a German footballer who plays for Stahl Riesa.
Career.
He has played for RW Ahlen, SC Verl and Dynamo Dresden, and made one appearance in the 3. Liga for the latter, as a substitute for Thomas Hübener in a 1–0 defeat against Wuppertaler SV Borussia.

</doc>
<doc id="19479646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479646" title="Chongwenmen Station">
Chongwenmen Station

Chongwenmen Station () is an interchange station on Line 2 and Line 5 of the Beijing Subway at Chongwenmen in Dongcheng District.

</doc>
<doc id="19479650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479650" title="Penmachno Document">
Penmachno Document

The Penmachno Document was drawn up at Penmachno in Gwynedd on 19 December 1294 by Madog ap Llywelyn at the height of his revolt against English rule in Wales. Though unremarkable in its content - the document consists of the grant of two parcels of land to one Bleddyn Fychan - its importance lies in the fact that it is the only surviving document issued by Madog in which he styles himself prince of Wales. 
Notable signatories.
The document was signed by a number of prominent persons in native society in north Wales, including three descendants of Ednyfed Fychan, the seneschal of two earlier princes of Wales. One of them, 'Tudur ab Gronw' or Tudur Hen, is described as 'our steward' in the document, suggesting that Madog had (or intended to) reconstitute the prince's council on which the governance of Wales rested until the loss of independence in 1283. As Edward I's invasion of Wales proceeded, the terms of the document quickly became irrelevant, as the land referred to in it reverted once more to English control.

</doc>
<doc id="19479659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479659" title="Tourism in Patna">
Tourism in Patna

Patna is one of the oldest inhabited places in the world, with a history of 3,000 years. The rich culture and heritage of the state of Bihar is evident from the innumerable ancient monuments that are dotted all over the region. Patna is home to many tourist attractions. Bihar is visited by large numbers of tourists from all over the world all the year round. Around 2.5 million tourists visit Patna every year.
History of tourism.
The documented history of tourism in the Patna region dates back to the 300s BC. Greek geographer Megasthenes (ca. 350–290 BC) visited the region during the reign of Chandragupta Maurya. His observations were recorded in "Indika". Dionysius was the son of Megasthenes, who visited Patliputra in the reign of Ashoka the Great.
Fa-Hien (ca. 337 - ca. 422) was a Chinese tourist who traveled to acquire Buddhist scriptures and take back to China between 399 and 412. Hieun-Tsang visited the sacred Buddhist sites in Magadha and spent much time studying at the great Nalanda University between 629 and 645.
Types of tourists and tourism.
In the earliest days tourism in the region was purely for educational purposes. As Patna is one of the most sacred cities of religions like Buddhism, Jainism, Sikhism and Islam, many people travel to Patna as part of religious tourism.
Today, tourism in Patna is mainly either religious-based or moderated educational tourism. The Bihar government is also promoting adventure tourism.
Attractions.
Archaeological sites.
The history and tradition of Patna starts from the earliest dawn of civilization. The original name of Patna was Patliputra. Its documented history starts around 600 BC. As Patna has 2600 years of history and has seen a number of empires, there are numerous archaeological sites in the area.
Ganges river banks.
The Bihar State Tourism Development Corporation (BSTDC) has recently started operating an air-conditioned floating restaurant "MV Ganga Vihar" from Gandhi Ghat offering dinner cruises twice a day.
The Tourism Department focuses on the Ganges Ghats in Patna as a major attraction. Motor boats are available to rent at a moderate price and are fitted with Yamaha 25 HP air-cooled two-stroke engines. Lucky tourists can spot Ganges dolphins. There are a number of forts (like Raja Ghat, at Rani Ghat, collectarate Ghat) and pilgrimages (like Kali Mandir at Kali Ghat, Gurdwara Pahila Bara at Gai Ghat, and Gurdwara Gobind Ghat at Gaobind Ghat) situated on the bank of the Ganges in Patna. Tourists can visit Mahatma Gandhi Setu which is one of the longest bridges in the world and situated at Gaighat.
Religious complex.
Patna is a popular destination for people who are on pilgrimage.
Sikh pilgrimages.
Patna is one of the holiest cities in Sikhism, as the tenth Guru of the Sikhs, Guru Gobind Singh, was born here in 1666 and spent his early years before moving to Anandpur. Patna was also honoured by visits from Guru Nanak in 1509 as well as Guru Tegh Bahadur in 1666. 
Club.
Patna houses such prominent clubs as the Bankipore Club, Golf Club, New Patna Club, Lions Club, and Rotary Club. The Bankipore Club, on the banks of the river Ganges, came into existence in 1913. It is affiliated with various organizations. The dance hall of this club is said to be one of the original buildings built by the Dutch in the 17th century.
Transport.
Patna was among the pioneer towns of India having horse-drawn trams as urban transport. Nowadays, public transport in Patna is provided by buses, auto rickshaws and local trains. Auto rickshaws are the most popular means of public transportation in Patna, as they charge a lower fee. Most run on diesel and are yellow and black in colour. Buses are also one of the popular means of public transportation in Patna.
Railways also serve as a means of public transportation in Patna, as the city is a major junction in the rail network of India. The five main railway stations are Patna Junction, Rajendranagar Terminal, Gulzarbag Station, Danapur Junction and Patna Sahib Station, the oldest of the stations.
Shopping.
Shopping is one of the favourite recreational activities of the locals. Numerous shopping complexes exist in Patna, including N.P. Centre, Maharaja Kameshwar Complex, Verma Centre, Kulharia complex and Khaitan market. Maurya lok is one of the oldest and largest shopping areas of Patna. Patna market and Hathwa market are also famous shopping points of the city.There are also malls featuring branded outlets and entertainment.
Connectivity and access.
Patna is an important transit point of Bihar for the tourists dropping in from the other states of India. Patna is well-connected by air, rail and road transport. 
Patna is served by Lok Nayak Jayaprakash Airport or Airport Patna. It is a national airport, connected to all major cities of India via daily flights. Gaya Airport, 96 km from Patna, is the only international airport in Bihar and Jharkhand, with connections to Colombo, Sri Lanka, through two airline operators, and to Bangkok, Singapore, and Bhutan.
Patna is strategically located on the main line of the East Central Railway and therefore connected with important cities of India and most cities within Bihar.
Patna is served by a network of well-maintained roads. Several National Highways lead to Patna, including NH 19, NH 30, NH 31, and NH 83. NH 31 passes Danapur.
There are a few car rental companies available in Patna/Gaya.
Nalanda Travels,Recognised by Department of Tourism,Government of India,provides the quality Taxi services.http://www.nalandatravels.com
Road distances from other major cities:

</doc>
<doc id="19479662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479662" title="Zsolt Müller">
Zsolt Müller

Zsolt Müller (born 8 April 1984 in Nyíregyháza) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for Nyíregyháza Spartacus.

</doc>
<doc id="19479671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479671" title="Ole-Anton Teigen">
Ole-Anton Teigen

Ole-Anton Teigen (born 15 July 1954) is a Norwegian politician for the Socialist Left Party.
Born in Lyngen, took his higher education in 1979. He was a member of Lyngen municipal council from 1991 to 2007, and of Troms county council from 2003 to 2007. He served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Troms during the terms 2001–2005 and 2005–2009.
From 2001 he is also a member of Nord-Hålogaland assize court. From 2007 to 2010 he is the chair of the Norwegian Farmers and Smallholders Union.

</doc>
<doc id="19479674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479674" title="Chaoyangmen Station (Beijing)">
Chaoyangmen Station (Beijing)

Chaoyangmen Station () is an interchange station on Line 2 and Line 6 of the Beijing Subway.

</doc>
<doc id="19479675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479675" title="Will G. Mein">
Will G. Mein

Will G. (William Gordon) Mein (4 April 1868 - 1939) was a British book illustrator who flourished in the late 19th to early 20th century. He lived in London from around the turn of the century.
Life and works.
Mein was born in Kelso, Roxburgh, Scotland. His painting "On the Tweed Near Berwick" was exhibited by the Royal Scottish Academy in 1898 but he is known primarily for his illustrations. He was engaged by publisher Andrew Melrose to illustrate W. E. Cule's fairy tale "Mabel's Prince Wonderful" (1899) - his first major book illustration commission. Around the same time, the Decadent publisher Leonard Smithers commissioned him to illustrate Nigel Tourneur's "Hidden Witchery". 
Mein married Frances Elizabeth Sinclair in December 1902, in Berwick, and they settled in Fulham, London. In the 1911 Census he was living at 18 Rostrevor Mans Rd. Fulham and his occupation is listed as artist and Art Chronicle editor. He is known in particular for illustrating works of fairy tale and fantasy and also specialised in boys' stories. He provided woodcut illustrations for the hugely popular book "The Roadmender" by Michael Fairless (1903), which went through many editions. He died in London, 1939.
Online books.
Nigel Tourneur,Hidden Witchery

</doc>
<doc id="19479678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479678" title="Dongsi Shitiao Station">
Dongsi Shitiao Station

Dongsi Shitiao Station, or Dongsishitiao Station (), is a station on Line 2 of the Beijing Subway.

</doc>
<doc id="19479682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479682" title="Xhevdet Llumnica">
Xhevdet Llumnica

Xhevdet Llumnica (born 24 June 1979 in Pristina) is a Kosovo Albanian footballer, who plays for Limhamn Bunkeflo.

</doc>
<doc id="19479689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479689" title="Jan Fredrik Vogt">
Jan Fredrik Vogt

Jan Fredrik Vogt (born 18 February 1974) is a Norwegian politician for the Progress Party.
He served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Vestfold during the term 2005–2009.
He hails from Sande, Vestfold.

</doc>
<doc id="19479692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479692" title="Dongzhimen Station">
Dongzhimen Station

Dongzhimen Station () is an interchange station for Line 2, Line 13 and the Airport Express of the Beijing Subway.
Dongzhimen is the eastern terminus for Line 13 service. It is also the only underground station on the line. There are two side platforms in the Line 13 station. One is for customers to disembark and the other is for customers to get on the train. Stairs and escalators lead to the transfers to Line 2 and the Airport Express

</doc>
<doc id="19479694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479694" title="Rahayu Supanggah">
Rahayu Supanggah

Rahayu Supanggah is an Indonesian composer of more than 100 pieces, known mostly for his part in the international collaboration "Realizing Rama" and the music score composed for Robert Wilson's I La Galigo. His compositions for Opera Jawa won the Asian Film Award in 2007. Since 2007 he is resident artist at the Southbank Centre, London. He has worked together with the eccentric composer Slamet Abdul Sjukur. 

</doc>
<doc id="19479700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479700" title="Csaba Somogyi">
Csaba Somogyi

Csaba Somogyi (born 7 April 1985) is a Hungarian football player who plays as a goalkeeper.
After playing for several years in his native Hungary, on 8 July 2011 Somogyi signed for English club Fulham from Hungarian side Rákospalotai EAC on a one-year deal, with the option to extend his contract by a further year until 2013, after having impressed the new Fulham manager Martin Jol during an earlier trial at Jol's former club Ajax.
Somogyi made the bench for the first time as substitute goalkeeper for Fulham's away Premier League game against West Bromwich Albion at The Hawthorns on 1 January 2013.
On 28 March 2013, Somogyi joined Conference National side Dartford on loan until the end of the season. He kept a clean sheet on his debut, a 0–0 away draw with Newport County.
Somogyi was one of twelve players released by Fulham at the end of the 2012–2013 Premier League season.

</doc>
<doc id="19479702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479702" title="Yonghegong Lama Temple Station">
Yonghegong Lama Temple Station

Yonghegong Lama Temple Station () is an interchange station on Line 2 and Line 5 of the Beijing Subway.

</doc>
<doc id="19479703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479703" title="Thor Erik Forsberg">
Thor Erik Forsberg

Thor Erik Forsberg (born 2 April 1980) is a Norwegian politician for the Labour Party.
He is a member of the Norwegian Parliament from Østfold during the term 2009–2013.
He hails from Sarpsborg.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19479706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479706" title="Andingmen Station">
Andingmen Station

Andingmen Station () is a station on Line 2 of the Beijing Subway. The station is named after Andingmen, a city gate in Beijing's city wall, which was torn down during the construction of the subway in the late 1960s. 

</doc>
<doc id="19479709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479709" title="Guloudajie Station">
Guloudajie Station

Guloudajie Station () is a station on Line 2 and Line 8 of the Beijing Subway. The connection to line 8 opened on December 30, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19479719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479719" title="Jishuitan Station">
Jishuitan Station

Jishuitan Station () is a station on Line 2 of the Beijing Subway. Outside this station is located Deshengmen terminal.

</doc>
<doc id="19479726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479726" title="Per Egil Evensen">
Per Egil Evensen

Per Egil Evensen (born 28 October 1950) is a Norwegian politician for the Progress Party.
He served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Østfold during the term 2005–2009.
He has been a member of Halden municipal council.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19479728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479728" title="Morosini">
Morosini

Morosini may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19479733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479733" title="Little Spectacle Island">
Little Spectacle Island

Little Spectacle Island is a small island, with an area of 0.62 ha, in south-eastern Australia. It is part of the Sloping Island Group, lying close to the south-eastern coast of Tasmania around the Tasman and Forestier Peninsulas, and adjacent Spectacle Island.
Fauna.
Recorded breeding seabird species are Little Penguin, Silver Gull and Crested Tern.

</doc>
<doc id="19479734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479734" title="Xizhimen Station">
Xizhimen Station

Xizhimen Station () is an interchange station for Line 2, Line 4 and Line 13 of the Beijing Subway. Just outside of this station is Beijing North Railway Station.
When Line 4 of the Beijing Subway opened and passed through Xizhimen Station, it became the 2nd 3-way transfer station (the first being Dongzhimen Station). Xizhimen Station is also considered one of the most crowded stations of the whole Beijing Subway system. It sees over 170,000 transfers per day between the 3 lines serving the station.

</doc>
<doc id="19479741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479741" title="Erlend Wiborg">
Erlend Wiborg

Erlend Wiborg (born 20 January 1984) is a Norwegian politician for the Progress Party.
He served as a deputy representative to the Parliament of Norway from Østfold during the terms 2005–2009 and 2009–2013.
He has been a member of Moss municipal council and of Østfold county council.

</doc>
<doc id="19479755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479755" title="Linn Laupsa">
Linn Laupsa

Linn Laupsa (born 13 August 1977) is a Norwegian politician for the Socialist Left Party.
She served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Østfold during the terms 2001–2005 and 2005–2009.
He has been a member of Halden municipal council.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19479759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479759" title="Fisnik Gashi">
Fisnik Gashi

Fisnik Gashi (Serbo-Croat: "Fisnik Gaši") (born 22 December 1980 in Peć) is an Kosovar football defender who plays for FK Renova.

</doc>
<doc id="19479768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479768" title="Andreas M. Lervik">
Andreas M. Lervik

Andreas M. Lervik (born 28 November 1969) is a Norwegian politician for the Socialist Left Party.
He served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Østfold during the terms 2001–2005 and 2005–2009.
He has been a member of Sarpsborg municipal council since 1995 and of Østfold county council since 1999.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19479777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479777" title="Richard Hammond's Engineering Connections">
Richard Hammond's Engineering Connections

"Richard Hammond's Engineering Connections" is a documentary series originally broadcast on the National Geographic Channel, and later on BBC2. It is presented by Richard Hammond, and looks at how engineers and designers use historic inventions and clues from the natural world in ingenious ways to develop new buildings and machines. The show's format is very similar to that of James Burke's 1978 documentary series, "Connections". The first series premiered on 15 May 2008, on National Geographic, and on 1 March 2010, on BBC2. The first series contained four episodes. The second series premiered on 7 September 2009, on National Geographic, and on 8 May 2010, on BBC2. The second series contained six episodes. The third series premiered on 8 May 2011, on BBC2 and contained six episodes. The BBC2 broadcasts of the first two series have a slightly shorter running time and contain less information than the original National Geographic broadcasts, with on average one minute of footage cut from every episode. None of the three series of the programme are available to purchase on DVD in the UK, however, all three can be watched on demand for subscribers of National Geographic on Sky, Virgin Media and BT Vision. In Australia, all three series are available on DVD, either separately or as a box-set.

</doc>
<doc id="19479781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479781" title="Ellen Alfsen">
Ellen Alfsen

Ellen Alfsen (born 31 May 1965) is a Norwegian politician for the Christian Democratic Party.
She served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Østfold during the terms 2001–2005 and 2005–2009.
She hails from Moss.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19479785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479785" title="Bhadala">
Bhadala

The Bhadala (; ; ) are an ethnic group found in Pakistan and India. They are found mainly in the Kutch District of Gujarat. In Pakistan, they are found mainly in Karachi.
Origin.
The word Bhadala meant a seamen or fishermen in the Kutchi language,but now refers to a distinct community found along the coast of Kutch and Saurashtra. According to their traditions, they were originally settled in the town of Keti Bandar in Sindh, where members of the community are still said to be found. The community were said to be invited to settle in Kutch by the Mughal Emperor Shahjahan. Their original settlement was the village of Mota Salaya in Mandvi Taluka. The community are now settled in a number of villages in Mandvi Taluka such as Mandis Bhadala Phool and Juna Salaya. In the 18th Century, a large number of Bhadalas moved to Saurashtra, where they settled in the ports of Veraval, Jamnagar, Dwaraka and Porbandar. A second migration took place in the 19th Century, which saw many Bhadala move to Mombasa, Lamu and Daresalam in East Africa. They were pioneers in the Asian settlement of East Africa. The community now speak Kutchi, while those in Saurashtra also speak Gujarati.
Present circumstances.
The Bhadala are divided into a number of clans, the main ones being the Dekla, Sap, Aspun, Ruknani, Fatwani, Hashmani, Madwani,Kana,Babar,Bhopal, Thaim, Bholim, Turk, Madyar, Vidhani, Dosani, Karani, Nakhrani, Juneja, Sodha, Sameja, Jadeja, Patha, Palleja, Koreja, Kandeja, Bhatti, Yuspani, Zufarabadi and Chauhan. Many are names of well known Sindhi tribes, and could point to a diverse origin of the community. But community boundaries are clear, and there is no intermarriage with neighbouring Muslim Maldhari communities like the Juneja, Royma and Ker. Each of their clans are of equal status and inter marry. The community have a well established caste association, the Muslim Bhadala Jamat, which is one of the oldest Muslim castes association in Gujarat. It has offices in Mombasa, Muscat, Dubai and Keti Bandar, reflecting the widespread distribution of the community.
The Bhadala is still a seafaring community, and almost all the Dhow captains on the Dubai to India route are Bhadala. Many are also employed by the merchant navies of India and Pakistan. Generally each dhow crew is made up of close kinsmen. In Pakistan, the Bhadala owns a significant part of that countries fishing fleet. In India, the Bhadala often employ Muslim Machiyar or Hindu Kharwa on their fishing boats, while in Pakistan most of the crew is made up of ethnic Bengali Muslims.
The Bhadala are entirely Sunni, and follow the traditions of the other neighbouring Muslim communities.

</doc>
<doc id="19479793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479793" title="Karl Georg Otto Willibald von Kalckstein">
Karl Georg Otto Willibald von Kalckstein

Karl Georg Otto Willibald von Kalckstein (14 December 1812 – 6 June 1894) was a Prussian Politician.
Kalckstein was born in Gauten, East Prussia, to Carl von Kalckstein, laird of Knauten, Wogau and Schloditten near Mühlhausen, and Charlotte Auguste von Gizycki.
Around 1830 Kalckstein joined the Prussian Army and became an Officer of the Royal Guards Regiment in Berlin. About 1842 he returned to his family's manor at Wogau. In 1848 he was elected as deputy member of the Frankfurt Parliament of the election district Heiligenbeil/ Pr. Eylau and became a member of the Parliament on 11 October 1848 after the delegate Graf Dohna-Lauck resigned his position. 
From 1858 till 1876 Kalckstein was the head of the administration of the district of Pr. Eylau (Landrat) and member of the North German Confederation parliament and the Reichstag from 1867 - 1873.
Kalckstein died in Wogau.

</doc>
<doc id="19479802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479802" title="FC Chernomorets Balchik">
FC Chernomorets Balchik

FC Chernomorets Balchik is a Bulgarian football club from the town of Balchik, last played in the Bulgarian B Professional Football Group, the second division of Bulgarian football. The team played its home games at the local "Balchik Stadium" with 6,000 seats.
History.
Chernomorets were founded as Sport Club Strela in late 1918 by English and Italian soldiers after World War I. The team finally became known as Chernomorets in 1957.
In his history Chernomorets plays mainly in Bulgarian amateurs divisions. Until the 1976/77 season, the team participated in either the third Bulgarian division, but gained a promotion to the Bulgarian B PFG for the 1977/78 season. The next season was not so successful and the team was relegated back to the Third Division (The club finishing on 17th place in the group). 
Chernomorets qualified for second time in his history for the second division by finishing on 3rd place in Bulgarian V AFG in the 2007-08 season. In this period in the club worked as an assistant coach former famous football player Ilian Kiriakov.
The club has withdrawn from B PFG in February 2011 for a big finance debt.
Last squad.
"As of October 1, 2012"

</doc>
<doc id="19479804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479804" title="2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup – Men's 1000 metres">
2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup – Men's 1000 metres

The 1000 metres distance for men in the 2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup was contested over 10 races on seven occasions, out of a total of nine World Cup occasions for the season, with the first occasion taking place in Berlin, Germany, on 7–9 November 2008, and the final occasion taking place in Salt Lake City, United States, on 6–7 March 2009.
Shani Davis of the United States defended his title from the previous season, while Denny Morrison of Canada repeated his second place, and Stefan Groothuis of the Netherlands came third.
On the last competition weekend of the season, Davis set a new world record of 1:06.42.
Final standings.
"Standings as of 8 March 2009 (end of the season)."

</doc>
<doc id="19479810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479810" title="DHR 778 (locomotive)">
DHR 778 (locomotive)

DHR Locomotive number 778 was built for the Darjeeling Himalayan Railway. Nicknamed the "Toy Train", the railway is a 2 ft (610 mm) gauge narrow-gauge railway from Siliguri to Darjeeling in West Bengal, run by the Indian Railways.
DHR 778 is a 0-4-0ST 'B' Class, a design built between 1889 and 1927. A total of 34 were built. By 2005 only 12 remained on the railway and in use (or under repair). The B class locomotives were designed by Sharp Stewart & Co. of Glasgow and built by them, their successors North British Locomotive Company (NBL, Glasgow), and three each by Baldwin Locomotive Works (BLW, Philadelphia, USA), and the DHR works at Tindharia.
Number 778 (originally No.19) was built in 1889 by Sharp Stewart & Co at the Atlas Works in Glasgow. It is the only DHR locomotive that has been taken out of India. After many years out of use in an American museum, it was sold to an enthusiast in the United Kingdom and restored to working order. As of 2009, it is based on Beeches, a private railway in Oxfordshire, and has also run on the Ffestiniog Railway, the Leighton Buzzard Narrow Gauge Railway and the Launceston Steam Railway.

</doc>
<doc id="19479820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479820" title="Ole Henrik Grønn">
Ole Henrik Grønn

Ole Henrik Grønn (born 22 September 1984) is a Norwegian politician, formerly of the Christian Democratic Party.
He served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Østfold during the term 2005–2009. He was also a member of Sarpsborg municipal council.
In 2008, he received national attention when he came out as gay, and left the Christian Democratic Party. He did not immediately join another party, but rather continued as an independent.

</doc>
<doc id="19479865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479865" title="History of Limbuwan">
History of Limbuwan

The History of Limbuwan ( Nepali: लिम्बुवानको ईतिहास ) is characterised by the close interaction of Limbuwan with its neighbours; independent and semi-independent rule characterized by autonomy for most of its time.
From the time of King Sirijunga Hang to King Mahendra of Nepal, Limbuwan/khambuwan enjoyed the Kipat system of land and semi- or full autonomy. Limbuwan was also similar to the rest of Nepal during the medieval ages due to the presence of ten independent or semi-independent Limbu kingdoms with a strong alliance. "Yakthung Pan" or Limbu language with its four major dialects has always been a major language in Limbuwan. The Kirant Mundhum religion is the major indigenous religion, with Tibetan Buddhism and Nepali Hinduism gaining significant ground at various times in Limbuwan history.
Present-day Limbuwan comprises land south of the Himalaya Mountains, east of the Arun and Kosi rivers, west of the Sewalungma mountain range (Kanchenjunga), Singalila Mountain ranges and the Mechi River. Limbuwan territory is also called Pallo Kirant by people living to the west of the Arun River, in the Kathmandu valley, and other Nepalese people.
Limbuwan and her history have never had much coverage in the government of Nepal's textbooks, in which the focus has been on the history of the Kathmandu valley (also called the Nepal valley or simply Nepal). Although Limbuwan is now part of Nepal, it was independent until 1774; even now, the history of Limbuwan remains unknown to many of its people. People of Limbuwan and Nepalese citizens in the present context of federalism and autonomy in Nepal do not understand that of all the territories annexed by the kings of Gorkha, Limbuwan was the only territory that was actually incorporated to the Kingdom of Nepal by the means of collective Gorkha-Limbuwan Treaty with the kings of ten kingdoms of Limbuwan and their ministers. Under the terms of the treaty, Limbuwan and her kings would accept the King of Nepal as their overlord and stay under the same Nepalese flag, but Limbuwan and her people were supposed to be completely autonomous with non-interference from the Kingdom of Nepal. However, over the period of the Shah dynasty, Limbuwan was gradually stripped of its original treaty rights. Therefore, the people of Limbuwan today are the most vocal proponents of federalism with autonomy in Nepal.
Pre-history.
Anthropologists and historians claim that the fossil records show that people lived in Nepal around 30-40 thousand years ago. The first people of Limbuwan and Eastern Nepal could have been that batch of people too. The first people to live permanently and call Limbuwan their home were the Kirant people. These Mongoloid people are believed to have moved into Nepal from the east from Assam valley and beyond around 6-8 thousand years ago. They practiced shifting cultivation and moved with their domesticated pigs and other animals along the lower, warmer hills. The same people moved on to western Nepal and eventually conquered the Kathmandu valley to establish the first Kirant civilization of Nepalese history. They spoke the language of their Tibeto-Burman Ancestry and practiced animistic religion.
Bhauiputahang dynasty.
King Bhauiputahang of Limbuwan - first independent king of Limbuwan (c. 580 BC)
King Jitedasti became the seventh Kiranti king in central Nepal around 580 BC. Kirant chiefs under King Jitedasti in the present-day Limbuwan area revolted against him and ceased to see him as their overlord. During that period all the Kirant chiefs used to pay monetary tribute and rendered military service to the Kirant kings of the Kathmandu valley. The system was similar to the feudal system in medieval Europe. After the revolts, the Kirant chiefs of eastern Nepal elected Bhauiputahang as their new king. King Bhauiputahang built his capital in Phedap and ruled eastern Nepal which comprised present-day Limbuwan.
While central Nepal was ruled by kings of the Kirant dynasty, Limbuwan in east Nepal was also ruled by kings of Kirant dynasty (the ancestors of thr present Kirant Limbu people). King Bhauiputahang was renowned in the Limbuwan and eastern parts of Nepal, while King Jitedasti sat on the throne in the Kathmandu valley.
King Parbatak of Limbuwan / Eastern Nepal (c. 317 BC)
A descendant of King Bhauiputahang, King Parbatak was a son of King Jeitehang and ruled Limbuwan around 317 BC. During that period, King Parbatak was the most powerful king of the Himalayan region and present-day Nepal. King Parbatak was allied with Chandra Gupta Maurya of Magadha, and also assisted him in his military campaigns in the Nanda kingdom. During his father King Jiete’s rule, Alexander the great had invaded India and established his satraps in Punjab and Sindh. King Parbatak assisted King Chandra Gupta Maurya in driving the Greek Satraps Seleucus (military governor) away from Punjab and Sindh. For King Parbatak’s assistance to Chandra Gupta, he gave lands in northern Bihar to King Parbatak and many Kiranti people migrated to northern Bihar during that period. They became known as Madhesia Kirant people, or Limbus of Kashi Gotra. King Parbatak Hang is also mentioned by Magadha historians as an ally of Maurya Emperor.
King Samyuk of Limbuwan / Eastern Nepal (c. 125 BC)
After seven generations of King Parbatak, King Samyuk sat on the throne of Limbuwan / Eastern Nepal. He was unpopular among the descendants of Madhesia Kirant people (descendants of those who lived in Bihar in King Parbatak’s time). Under the leadership of Bazdeohang, people revolted against King Samyuk and overthrew him. The Kirant chiefs elected Bazdeo as the new king of Limbuwank.
Bazdeo dynasty.
King Bazdeohang of Limbuwan (c. 125 BC on)
After the revolution of the Kirant people of Limbuwan area, the Kirant chiefs of the region elected the rebel leader Bazdeohang as their king. He made his capital at Libang and started his own dynasty. He was followed by twelve other kings of his dynasty:
The last king of the Bazdeo dynasty had four sons: Mundhungge, Sandhungge, Kane Hang and Kochu Hang. It is said that Kochu Hang migrated to North Bengal and established his own kingdom, Kochpiguru, from where the term Koch is derived. After the death of King Kundungjapa, Limbuwan fell into chaos and anarchy, each chief ruling their own areas independently.
The era of eight kings.
From the time of the last king of the Bazdeo dynasty, Limbuwan was ruled by eight chiefs and their descendants; none of them rose to become powerful enough to subdue all and none came to prominence. During this period, people migrated in and out of the Limbuwan region and around the 6th century AD, a group of people from the Shan-Makwan areas in China and Burma moved to Assam in India and eventually to the Limbuwan area in Nepal. The assimilation of the original Kirants of Limbuwan, the migrants from Tibet, the Mongols and the tribes from the Bihar area and finally the migrant people of Shan-Makwan gave birth to the new nation of Limbuwan, the nationality of Limbu and Limbu culture.
The revolution of the Kiranti people in Limbuwan
During the latter years of the rule of the eight Kiranti chiefs, the population of Limbuwan multiplied and families increased in number. Feeling that this was a threat, the eight rulers started to suppress the people. When the descendants of the Shan Mokwan people (the latest immigrants to Limbuwan) could not stand this any longer they devised a plan to overthrow the eight chiefs. They met at Ambe Pojoma and decided to revolt against the eight chiefs. The rebel leaders erected three stone pillars and planted three mango trees around them. After sprinkling holy waters, the rebel leaders and the rebel army took an oath that everyone would fight against the tyrant chiefs and would not return home until they had beaten the rulers. The meeting place of Ambe Pojoma still exists to this day, and the battle of eight chiefs is incorporated in Limbu Mundhum ever since.
After knowing that the rebellion was breaking out in their country; the eight rulers raised their own army and aimed at massacring and displacing people of Shan-Mokwan descent. The great civil war broke out between the eight rulers of Limbuwan and the rebels of Limbuwan. The army of eight rulers were defeated in every village by the rebels. All the eight rulers were either killed or chased away from Limbuwan territory.
The era of ten Limbu kings (550–1609).
Thus, with unity and strength, the Kirant people of Shan Mokwan origin defeated their rulers. After their victory, the rebel leaders assembled once again at their holy place Ambe Pojoma. The leaders fixed the northern boundary to be in Tibet, the southern boundary in JalalGarh in Bihar, the eastern boundary at the river Teesta and the western boundary at the Dudhkoshi River. Later the boundaries of Limbuwan came to rest at the Arun river in the west and Kanchenjunga mountain and the Mechi river in the east.
The meeting of rebel leaders decided to name the recently acquired country Limbuwan as it was won by the strength of a bow and arrow (Li = "bow", ambu = "acquire" in the Limbu language). They also decided to divide Limbuwan into ten districts or kingdoms and place ten kings to rule each kingdom. They also agreed to defend Limbuwan from any external threat by rendering military assistance from all the ten kingdoms. They changed the name of their nationality to Yakthumba. Originally at the beginning only the kings of Limbuwan were called Limbus and the people of Limbuwan were called Yakhthungba, but over time the people of Limbuwan started calling themselves Limbu. Thus, the term Limbu and Yakthungba became synonymous.
This period in Limbuwan history corresponds to the Lichhavi and Malla dynasty periods in the Nepal Valley.
The ten rulers, their kingdoms and their forts.
Ten kings of Limbuwan.
King Mung Mawrong Hang
At the beginning of the 7th century, King Mung Mawrong Hang came to prominence in the terai lands of Limbuwan (present-day Sunsari, Morang and Jhapa area). He cleared much of the forest area in present-day Rangeli, east of Biratnagar, and built a town there. Since the ten kings of Limbuwan had sovereignty over the terai lands through the Kingdom of Ilam and the Kingdom of Bodhey (Choubise), they assembled a collective Limbuwan force and chased King Mawrong from Rongli area.
Mawrong went to Tibet and took refuge in Khampa Jong, but he still had an ambition to rule all of Limbuwan. When Limbuwan was ruled by ten kings and when King Mawrong came to prominence, Tibet was ruled by King Tsrong Tsen Gempo. Mawrong went on to ally with Tibetan King Tsrong Tsen Gempo, managed to get Bhutia tribes of Khampa jong to assist him and planned on attacking Limbuwan from the north. King Mawrong attacked Limbuwan, the ten kings of Limbuwan brought their forces and fought decisive battle through Hatia, Walungchung and Tapkey passes in the Himalayas. Ten kings of Limbuwan lost and King Mawrong rose as the overlord of Limbuwan. The ten kings of Limbuwan still continued to rule their original places as subordinate to King Mung Mawrong.
King Mawrong also started a festival among the Kirant people called “Namban”, where people celebrate the gathering of harvest every year, in the last week of December.
King Mawrong had no male heir, so when he died and one of his ministers took over, becoming King Mokwan San. After a brief period King Uba Hang came to prominence in Limbuwan area.
The era of the Lasahang dynasty.
King Uba Hang (ruled 849–865)
Following the death of King Mawrong, Uba Hang became powerful and renowned in Limbuwan area. He subdued the Limbuwan area which was under King Mokwan San and became King. He is known for introducing new faith among Limbu people and bringing changes to the Kirant mundhum religion. He taught his subjects to worship the great spirit of Tagera Ningwafumang with flowers and fruit, but not with blood sacrifice.
He built Chempojong fort and palace in Ilam. He introduced the festival of Tong Sum Tong Nam, held every three years in honour of Limbu Ancestor goddess Yumasammang and supreme god Tagera Ningwafumang. This Tong Sum Tong Nam festival is still held in Panchthar district of Nepal and is called Trisala Puja in Nepali language.
King Mabo Hang (ruled 865–880)
King Mabo Hang succeeded his father King Uba Hang in Limbuwan. He ruled Limbuwan for 15 years with the title of Thakthakkum Mabo Hang. He was well respected and known in Limbuwan and many also believed him to be the reincarnation of god. He moved his capital from Chempo Jong in Ilam to Yasok Jong in Panchthar.
King Muda Hang
After the death of Mabo hang his son Muda hang succeeded to the throne, but he was a weak king and unlike his father and grandfather he was not able to subdue all the rulers of ten Limbuwan. The ten rulers of Limbuwan declared independence in their own districts and began ruling independently. There was anarchy and chaos in Limbuwan as the rulers and clan chiefs tried to establish their own hagemony over Limbuwan. Thus Limbuwan disintegrated, and Lasa dynasty kings were reduced to being only kings of Panchthar area and the southern Limbuwan.
King Wedo Hang
In the chaos and integration of Limbuwan, King Muda hang was succeeded by his son Wedo Hang. He ruled from Hellang palace in Panthar. In Panchthar district King Muda Hang was fighting Nembang hang Chief, the same chief fought with king wedo hang as well. When chief Nembang hang failed to defeat he plotted King Wedo Hang’s assassination, he married his sister Dalima to King Wedo Hang to be close to Hellang Palace. King Wedo Hang was murdered by his enemies while he was sleeping. Queen Dalima, sister of Nembang chief was pregnant with King Wedo’s child at the time of the murder. Chief Pathong Hang sat on the throne of Hellang palace ruling present-day Panchthar area. Queen Dalima left Hellang palace and went on to live in Chempojong palace in Ilam. Chempojong palace was the ancestral home of the Lasahang dynasty kings built by King Uba Hang.
King Chemjong Hang
The fifth king of Lasa dynasty was King Chemjong Hang. He was born in Chempojong palace in Ilam, where his mother was living. When he was born his mother disguised him by dressing him as a girl, fearing that Chief Pathong Hang’s people would come and murder him. She told him that his father’s enemy would destroy him if they were to find out his true identity. He grew up to be a wise and strong individual under the disguise as a girl. His mother having told him of his late father’s followers in the northern part of Limbuwan, he made his way there and forged alliances with the chiefs. He made a surprise attack while everyone at Hellang palace was celebrating the marriage of one of the district chiefs. After capturing Hellang palace, he revealed his identity to all those present and they accepted him as the true ruler and heir of the late King Wedo Hang. Since he had no real name and that he was born in the old palace of Chempojong, the assembled chiefs decided to name him Chemjong Hang, which became his name. He once again tried to unite all of Limbuwan and succeeded in extending from present-day Panchthar, Illam, Dhankuta, Sunsari, Morang and Jhapa. Back in those days Morang composed of the lower terai lands of Sunsari, Morang and Jhapa, while northern Limbuwan was still in fragments.
The era of King Sirijunga (880–915).
King Galijunga who ruled the Yangwarok kingdom of Limbuwan during the time of King Uba Hang; Ubahang was Galijunga’s overlord at the period. As King Muda hang became weak and started losing control of Limbuwan, the grandson of King Galijung, Sirijunga rose to power in the northern Limbuwan area. King Sirijunga’a ancestors had ruled Kathmandu valley during the Kirant era in Nepal.
Unification of northern Limbuwan
During the anarchic period of King Muda Hang, King Sirijunga became powerful enough to subdue all the Limbu chiefs under his control.
Famous Sirijunga forts
King Sirijung constructed two big forts at present-day Sirjung in Terhathum district and Chainpur in Sankhuwasabha district. The forts were named Sirjunga fort, and the remains of the structures still stand today.
King Sirijunga script
King Sirijunga is also known for deveolping and introducing Sirijunga script to the Limbus, which is still in use today. The Mundhum, Kirant Limbu religious text of Mundhum states that King Sirijunga was asked by Nisammang (Limbu god of learning) to accompany her to the base of mount Phoktanglungma. The goddess took him to the deepest cave in the mountain and gave him the stone slab consisting of writings. There he was also blessed with the power of knowledge; the goddess taught him how to read and write that language and told him to spread the scriptures to his people. The king returned to his palace and began teaching the script and knowledge to Limbu people.
The Kipat land system of King Sirijunga
King Sirijunga is also known for his famous land reform law. He introduced a Kipat land system, whereby he divided lands to the chiefs of each clan or village and vested them with the full power over his land. The chief’s powers did not extend beyond his borders and chiefs were expected to extend full military support from his village during the time of war to all the Kings of Limbuwan for the protection of Limbuwan. One of the important characteristics of the Kipat system was that neither the chief nor his people were allowed to sell their land to any outsiders or any non-clan members. Non-clan members were only allowed to rent the land for the period of time and were not supposed to take permanent land ownership. The land was to be divided equally among all sons and unmarried daughters. He also decreed that all the chiefs of villages must have a council, called Chumlung, of four members to assist him in ruling the villages. The chief presided over all the clan/village meetings and festivals. He also had enough powers so that his decisions were considered final. Ever since the time of King Sirijunga, Limbu people of Limbuwan have been enjoying special Kipat rights over their lands. No one could take away the Kipat lands and the lands belonged communally to specific clan. The Kipat land system devised by King Sirijunga of Limbuwan gained popularity in other Kirant areas in Nepal as well. The Kipat land system was used by people of Kirant Rai, Kirant Sunuwar and even Tamang people. Following King Sirijunga all the rulers of Limbuwan area up to King Mahendra had promised to uphold the special laws and custom of the Kipat system of Limbuwan during or right after their coronation.
The period of the ten kings after King Sirijunga.
After the death of King Sirijunga, Limbuwan was once again ruled by the ten kings of the kingdoms of Limbuwan; this period lasted from 915 to 1584. The ten kingdoms formed after the great revolution of Limbuwan in the 6th century all remained the same. The current state of Limbu nation, culture, language and ethnicity is believed to have taken shape during this period.
During this period, the lowlands of Limbuwan (present-day terai lands of Sunsari, Morang and Jhapa) collectively known as Morang since the time of King Mung Mawrong Hang, developed as a kingdom in its own right. At the beginning of 1400, Morang Kingdom patriates from the Kingdom of Ilam and the Kingdom of Mikluk Bodhey (Choubise) and began ruling on its own. Morang Kingdom’s borders were set at Kankai river in the east, Koshi river in the west, Shanguri fort in the north and Jalal garh in India in the south. King Sangla Ing became the first king of the lowland Limbuwan kingdom of Morang after 900 years since it last had its own king. He built alliances with the other kings of Limbuwan and remained on good terms. He built his kingdom at Varatappa and ruled from there. King Sangla Ing was succeeded by his son Pungla Ing, who later converted to Hinduism and changed his name to Amar Raya Ing.
The Sanglaing dynasty kings.
King Sangla Ing (first king of Ing dynasty)
King Pungla Ing (became Amar Raya Ing)
King Kirti Narayan Raya Ing
King Ap Narayan Raya Ing
King Jarai Narayan Raya Ing
King Indhing Narayan Raya Ing
King Bijay Narayan Raya Ing
The last king of the Ing dynasty of Morang Kingdom Bijay Narayan built a good friendship with the king of Phedap, Murray Hang Khebang. He then advised King Bijay Narayan to build a new town after his name, and thus Bijaypur town was settled. Bijaypur town, near present-day Dharan City remained the capital of Morang Kingdom and of all of Limbuwan until 1774. King Bijay Narayan then persuaded King Murray Hang Khebang of Phedap to stay in Bijaypur and assist him in ruling Morang Kingdom as his prime minister. King Murray Hang Khebang agreed to the proposal and his title of prime minister became a hereditary position for his descendants. In this way King Bijay Narayan Raya Sanglaing effectively made King Murray Hang his prime minister and Murray Hang’s son Bajahang Raya Khebang ruled the kingdom of Phedap under his father. King Bijay Narayan also gave the title of Raya, “King”, to Murray Hang. Since then, King Murray Hang Khebang became the first prime minister of Limbuwan and second king of Limbuwan to hold the Hindu title of “Raya”.
Over time, the relationship between King Bijay Narayan Raya Sanlgaing and his prime minister Murray Hang Khebang soured. The king accused Murray Hang of raping his daughter and sentenced him to death. Hearing the news of Murray Hang’s betrayal by the king of Morang, his son King Bajahang Khebang decided to punish the King of Morang. He went to Makwanpur and asked for the help of King Lo Hang Sen of Makwanpur. King Lohang Sen of Makwanpur with the help of the Kirant force conquered Bijaypur in 1608. King of Phedap Bajahang Khebang, who had come to take revenge of his father’s death, died on the battlefield; at the same time, King Bijay Narayan also died of natural causes. King Lohang Sen of Makwanpur then appointed King Bajahang Khebang’s son and Murray Hang’s grandson, Bidya Chandra Raya Khebang, as prime minister of the Morang Kingdom and gave him autonomy to rule Morang. Lohang Sen returned to Makwanpur and King Bidya Chandra Raya Khebang went to Lhasa to get recognition as the real King of Limbuwan. King Bidya Chandra successfully gets the Royal document with the seal of Dalai Lama recognition of him as the ruler of all of Phedap and Morang. In the meantime, the rest of the kingdoms of Limbuwan were ruled by their own kings.
The era of divided Limbuwan (1609–1741).
The death of King Bijay Narayan Sanglaing of Morang and the subsequent war of revenge by the King of Phedap led to the conquest of the Morang Kingdom of Limbuwan by Lo Hang Sen of Mokwanpur. This event led to the era of divided Limbuwan because the association of Limbuwan states no longer existed. Only a few of the ten kingdoms of Limbuwan actually formed alliances with the Sen king and saw him as their overlord. In the meantime, in 1641, when King Phuncho Namgyal became the king of Sikkim, independent Limbu kings of Tambar Kingdom, Yangwarok Kingdom, Panthar Kingdom and Ilam Kingdom allied with the Sikkimese king, effectively dividing Limbuwan in half. From the enthronement of King Puncho Namgyal of Sikkim in 1641 to 1741, the eastern and northern Limbuwan kings allied with the kings of Sikkim.
The era of the Namgyal dynasty in eastern and northern Limbuwan (1641–1741).
From 1641 to 1741 for approximately a hundred years, the Limbu kings of Tambar, Yangwarok, Panthar and Ilam kingdoms allied with the King of Sikkim and saw him as their overlord. During this time the other kingdoms of Limbuwan were allied with the Sen king of Makwanpur. King Puncho Namgyal died in 1670 and was succeeded by his son King Tensong Namgyal, who married three queens. The youngest queen was from Limbuwan, and her name was Queen Thungwa Mukma, daughter of the King of Yangwarok, Yong Ya Hang. King Tensong Namgyal of Sikkim built a new palace and asked his youngest queen to name it. She names it “Song Khim” meaning new home. Over time this name changed from "Songkhim" to "Sukkhim", and eventually the name "Sikkim" came into being. The original name of Sikkim was Mayel in the Lepcha language, Chungjung in the Limbu language and Denjong in the Bhutia language. King Tensong was succeeded by his son and third king Chhyagdor Namgyal. During his time, Bhutan attacked Sikkim and occupied it for eight years. With the help of Tibetans he regained his throne. He died in 1716 and was succeeded by his son, King Gyurmi Namgyal. In 1733 King Gyurmi Namgyal of Sikkim died childless, then his minister declared himself the King of Sikkim under the title of “Tamding Gyalpo” and started ruling from the throne of Rabdentse palace. He ruled from 1738 to 1741. This threw the Limbu alliance with Sikkim into disarray as other ministers had placed the infant king on the throne. Meanwhile in 1741, a Limbu scholar named Srijunga Sing Thebe of Yangwarok Kingdom of Limbuwan came to western Sikkim to teach Limbu script and literature to the Kirant people there. The Tibetan Tachhang Lamas of Pemayangtse monastery feared the Limbu Sirijunga Xin Thebe’s actions. They killed him by tying him to a tree and shooting him with arrows. This caused anger in Limbuwan and the kings of all the kingdoms of Limbuwan that had allied with the King of Sikkim in 1641 broke off the ties and stopped regarding the kings of Sikkim as their overlords and allies. Thus the Namgyal dynasty ended in Limbuwan in 1741, and after breaking off ties with Sikkim, the four Limbu kings and their kingdoms remained neutral and independent.
The era of the Sen dynasty in western and southern Limbuwan (1609-1769).
From 1609 to 1769, for about 160 years, the Sen kings of Makwanpur were nominal kings of Morang and allied to the other five kings of Limbuwan. The era of the Sen dynasty in Limbuwan began with the conquest of the Morang kingdom by King Lo Hang Sen to avenge the death of the prime minister of Morang.
King Lo Hang Sen (1609–61)
Following the enthronement of King Lo Hang Sen to the throne of Morang Kingdom at Bijaypur, Limbuwan also entered the phase of Hindu influence. All the kings of Limbuwan, their ministers, and their chiefs started changing their original Kirant Limbu names to Hindu names. kKing Lo Hang Sen ruled from 1609 to 1641 and managed to get all the kings of Limbuwan who were not allied with Sikkim on his side. He promised the Limbu people and their chiefs that the Kipat land system, the Limbu language, culture and way of life that had been practised for thousands of years would be protected. He also promised to Kings of Limbu kingdoms that they would get full autonomy and power to rule their own kingdoms. This way King Lo Hang Sen managed to become the King of Kings in Limbuwan and take the title of Maharajadhiraj. He appointed three Limbu ministers to his court in Makwanpur. In the meantime, the kingdom of Morang with its capital Bijaypur was ruled by the descendants of King Murray Hang Khebang, the Prime Ministers during the Sanglaing dynasty.
King Harihar Sen (1661–84)
King Harihar Sen, the grandson of Lo Hang Sen, succeeded his grandfather to the throne of Morang. He extended Morang up to Gondwara in Bihar, gave himself the title of “Hindupati Maharaj”, and built a new palace in Chanjitpur in lower Morang. He placed his grandson Bidhata Indra Sen on the throne of Morang. This was not liked by Hahrihar Sen’s sons so civil war broke out. In this chaotic struggle, Subha Sen, younger son of King Harihar Sen, was victorious and started ruling Morang.
King Subha Sen ruled Morang for 22 years, while King Bidhata Indra Sen was also ruling Morang. Both King Subha Sen and Bidhata Indra Sen were tricked into coming to the palace of the Nawab of Purnea, who then betrayed them and sent them to the Mughal Emperor in Delhi. Both the uncle and nephew kings died at the hands of the Mughal Emperor. After finding out about this betrayal, Queen Padmidhata Induraj Rajeswari, the wife of King Bidhata Indra Sen, called upon the allies of Morang Kingdom, all the nine kings of Limbuwan, to assist her in punishing the Nawab of Purnea.
Queen Padmidhata Induraj Rajeswari Sabitra Sen (1706–25)
The kings ruling nine Kingdoms of Limbuwan at that time were, Chemjong King, Pasenama King, Lingdom King, Khewa King, Sukmi King, Makkhim King, Vaji King, Gabha King, and Shah Hang King. They were titled Roy by the Sen Kings of Morang, Roy was equivalent of King.
Another war of revenge broke out with the united forces of Limbuwan under the command of Chemjong King and the Nawab of Purnea at Jalal Garh. The Limbuwan forces were victorious; their leaders established the boundary at Jalal Gurh in the south.
The kings of Limbuwan decided to bring the capital city of Morang back to Bijaypur from Chanjitpur. They placed Queen Padmidhata Indurajrajeswari on the throne of Bijaypur. The same Khebang dynasty kings of Phedap served as prime minister of Morang and other Limbus served as ministers and chautariayas.
In 1721, about fifteen years after the War of Revenge with the Nawabs of Purnia, Limbuwan established friendly and trading relations with the kingdom of Purnea in the south. King Pasenama, who was also a minister of Morang, went to Purnea and established the bilateral relationship.
King Mahipati Sen (1725–61)
After almost twenty years of reign, Queen Padmidhata died. The kings of Limbuwan and their minsters assembled and elected Mahipati Sen of Makwanpur, son of the late King Subha Sen, as the king of Morang and placed him on the throne in Bijaypur. He effectively became King of Kings of Limbuwan or Maharajadhiraja of Limbuwan. Mahipati Sen was a weak king; he had no legitimate issue, but had eighteen illegitimate sons. Kamadatta Sen, the eldest of the illegitimate sons, would succeed King Mahipati Sen of Morang and Maharajadhiraj of Limbuwan.
King Kamadatta Sen (1761–69)
During the reign of King Mahipati Sen, the prime minister of Morang was King Bichitra Chandra Raya Khebang of Phedap Kingdom. When Mahipati Sen died, he did not allow Kamadatta Sen to be the full ruler of Morang Kingdom because he thought Kamadatta was illegitimate. During this time, the Sen kings had given much of the terai lands of Morang to the Limbu kings and chiefs for their personal jagir, believing that they would not revolt against them.
The feud between King Kamdatta Sen and his prime minister grew as the tensions of the power struggle increased; Prime Minister Bichitra Chandra Raya Khebang was succeeded by his son, Buddhi Karna Raya Khebang. Buddhi Karna pursued his father’s policy of disengaging Kamadatta Sen from state affairs. Then finally Kamadatta Sen had had enough; he came to Bijaypur and occupied the throne and expelled Buddhi Karna from Morang. Buddhi Karna went to Rabdentse palace in Sikkim to get help.
Kamadatta Sen turned out to be a worthy ruler and established good relations with everyone. He declared that all the Limbu kings of Limbuwan, their ministers and chiefs were to be of his own lineage and that they were to be treated as his own family. He also married Princess Thangsama Angbohang, sister of King of Athroya in Limbuwan. He appointed King Shamo Raya Chemjong of Miklung Bodhey Kingdom (Choubise) as his Prime Minister and requested him to come to his palace in Bijaypur and manage his country. He again guaranteed autonomy and Kipat to all the people and chiefs of Limbuwan. He established friendly relations with the king of Bhutan, king of Sikkim and Tibet. King Dev Zudur of Bhutan even sent his representatives to King Kama Datta Sen’s coronation. Morang and Limbuwan already had good relations with the Kingdom of Purnea in the south and he also developed good relations with King Ranjit Malla of Bhaktapur.
Thus with his appeasement policies to the people of Limbuwan and good relations with the neighbouring states of Limbuwan, he gained much confidence and popularity in Limbuwan.
Meanwhile, in 1769, the exiled and unhappy prime minister of Morang, Buddhi Karna, planned a conspiracy to assassinate King Kama Datta Sen, who was ambushed and killed in Morang on his way to a meeting.
The era of divided Limbuwan
King Buddhi Karna Raya Khebang of Morang (1769–73)
After the assassination of Kama Datta Sen, Buddhi Karna came to Bijaypur and became the last king of Morang and Limbuwan. But on hearing of the death of King Kama Datta Sen, all the states that made up Limbuwan and their allies split up. The kings of Limbuwan no longer had allegiance to Buddhi Karna. He seriously needed able ministers and chiefs to assist him in ruling Morang and all of Limbuwan. He sent people to look for King Shamo Raya Chemjong of Miklung Bodhey Kingdom to help him.
During this time,
King Shridev Roy Phago -- king of Maiwa Kingdom
King Raina Sing Raya Sering -- king of Mawa Kingdom
King Ata Hang -- king of Phedap Kingdom
King Subhawanta Libang -- king of Tambar Kingdom
King Yong Ya Hang -- king of Yangwarok Kingdom
King Thegim Hang -- king of Panthar Kingdom
King Lingdom Hang -- king of Ilam Kingdom
King Shamo Roya Chemjong Hang -- king of Miklung Bodhey (Choubise, including southern Panther)
King Khewa Hang -- king of Chethar (including Dasmajhiya, Jalhara and Belhara areas)
King Buddhi Karna Raya Khebang -- king of Morang (including present-day Sunsari, Morang and Jhapa areas)
King Shamo Raya Chemjong was responsible for leading the Kings of Limbuwan and chiefs of Limbuwan in signing a treaty with the King of Gorkha. King Shamo Chemjong was also the prime minister of Morang Kingdom and effectively ruled Morang when King Buddhi Karna was away from Bijaypur to seek help from the British. The king of Ilam, King Lingdom’s son, was the last king of Limbuwan to sign a treaty with the King of Gorkha.
The Limbuwan Gorkha War ended in 1774, following a treaty between the King of Gorkha and the Kings of Limbuwan and their ministers in Bijaypur, Morang.
The era of the Shah dynasty in Limbuwan.
King Prithivi Narayan Shah (1768–75)
The major role that King Prithivi Narayan played in Limbuwan history was the incorporation of Limbuwan lands into his Gorkha Kingdom. Following this, the Gorkha Empire became Nepal. The former ten kingdoms of Limbuwan were divided into seventeen districts; the former kings became subbas under the new king and were granted autonomy, which was eroded over time. Kipat rights included ownership of rice fields, pasture fields, forests, water sources, rivers and mineral resources. While the rest of Nepal had the “Raikar” system of land ownership, only Limbuwan had the state sanctioned “Kipat” system. The policy of autonomy to Limbuwan by the Gorkha king was to ensure that Limbus always stayed loyal to him. Thus it would be easier for the Gorkhas to both conquer Sikkim and subdue Limbu brotherns Kirant Khambu (Rais) of Majh Kirant at the same time. This was an example of the divide and rule policy of the Shah rulers.
The Gorkha-Limbuwan Treaty of 1774 CE ended the Limbuwan Gorkha wars.
The Gorkha Bhardars, Abhiman Singh Basnet, Parath Bhandari, Kirti Singh Khawas and Bali Bania on behalf of Gorkha raja Prithivi Narayan Shah, agreed to take an oath and swear on “Noon pani” (salt-water) promising that Gorkha raja would never confiscate Limbus’ Kipat land (autonomous land) nor destroy them. If he confiscated their Kipat land and destroyed them, then the god, upon whom Gorkha Raja had sworn and put faith in, would destroy him, his descendants and his kingdom. At this swearing ceremony, a big copper cauldron was brought in front of Gorkha and Limbu representatives and one pathi (eight pounds) of salt was put into it. Limbu ministers then poured water into it and stirred properly to mix the salt with water. Then the ministers asked the Gorkha bhardars to extract salt out of the water. They answered that salt had mixed and had become impossible to extract from the water.
The Limbu ministers then said: ”Although the salt has melted and it is impossible to extract it from the water, yet the water has become tasteful. You, the Gorkhas, are like water and we the Kirant Limbu people, are like salt. You Gorkhas people want us to melt in you, but you will not remain as before. When we mix or amalgamate with you, then you Gorkhas will be more exalted than before. But, if you betray us by taking our right of Kipat land, then what oath will you take for not violating this agreement?” The Gorkha bhardars, on behalf of Gorkha raja, took a handful of salt water in their hands and swore that the Gorkha raja would never betray them by forfeiting the Kipat land (self-governing autonomous land). If the Gorkha King did so, his descendants would melt like salt and disappear from the world. The Gorkha Bhardars, then questioned the Kirant Limbu ministers, saying if they will betray the Gorkha raja by violating “Noon pani" agreement what oath would they take for never violating such an agreement. The Kirant Limbu ministers took a handful of salt water and swore that they would never go against the Gorkhali king. If they did so then their descendants would also melt like salt and disappear from the world.
After making such agreement on salt-water (sacred and important elements), the Gorkha bhardars on behalf of Gorkha raja gave the following treaty paper, or Lal Mohor, to the Limbu ministers of Bijaypur.
Translation of the agreement between the Limbu ministers of Morang kingdom and King Prithvi Narayan Shah of Gorkha Kingdom in 1774:
“Let this be our agreement that I want to have you as the members of my own family. My religious mind is good. You are under my protection from now. By my power, your country is now mine but you are still ours. I will take the responsibility of progress and protection of your families. I will retain your rights to anything you possess. You keep in contact with my officers, help them and enjoy your land with full right as long as it exists. You are different from Nau lakh Rai, because their kings will be displaced. You who call yourselves Kings are not destroyable. I know your policy and good intentions.”
“The Kingdom of Sikkim had not come to terms with us. My officers have come to your land with full instructions. You will come to now everything through them. You agree with them and enjoy your land individually in a manner as mentioned above. I, hereby, agree to abide by the above mentioned terms of agreement of never taking your land by force and destroying you. I swear on the copper plate and say that if I violate the above mentioned promises, then let the God upon whom I and my family depend and worship, destroy my descendants and my kingdom. I have written the above mentioned agreement and hereby hand it over to the above mentioned Limbu brothers on this day of twenty second shrawan of Sambat eighteen hundred and thirty one at our capital city of Kantipur may it be blessed and fortunate.”
When the allies of Morang Kingdom heard the news of the agreement between the Gorkha and Morong kingdoms, the Limbu rulers of Mewa Kingdom, Phedap Kingdom, Maiwa Kingdom and Tambar Kingdom also came to Bijaypur (present-day Dharan) to join the alliance with the Gorkha King under the same terms and conditions of the treaty. The rulers of the regions Papo Hang, Thegim Hang and Nembang Hang under the leadership of Chemjong Hang (ShriShun rai) decided to join the Gorkha king on the same conditions.
Thus the Limbuwan-Gorkha War came to an end in 1774, with all the principalities of Limbuwan joining Gorkha Kingdom except the King of Yangwarok (Kingdom of Yangwarok consists of present-day parts of Taplejung, Panchthar) and King of Ilam Hangsu Phuba of Lingdom Family.
King Rana Bahadur Shah (1777–99)
The grandson of King Prithvi Narayan Shah, King Rana Bahadur Shah’s role in Limbuwan was limited to arming the former kings of Limbuwan, now the Subbas and chiefs, to fight against Sikkim. He called them to Kathmandu and under the charge of four former kings of Limbuwan, the king of Gorkha handed about 107 guns, 935 swords and 825 bows to raise a Limbu army and fight against Sikkim.
King Girvana Juddha Bikram Shah (1799–1816)
Following the occupation of Sikkim, west of Teesta River, Nepal was again plunged into a war with Tibet and eventually with China. During the war with Tibet, Sumur Lama of Tibet had taken refuge in Kathmandu. When Nepal refused to hand him back to China, the war broke out with Nepal and Tibet. At that time, the Chinese had incited the people of Limbuwan to revolt against their Gorkha king. General Tung Thang sent guns, gunpowder, cannons and other weapons to Limbus in Limbuwan. It was said that about 1000 pathis of gunpowder and 500 pathis of lead were sent to Limbus.
Rebellions in Limbuwan
In 1867, Dashain was boycotted in Dhankuta in protest at eroding the Limbuwan peoples’ cultural rights. The state government forced the people of Limbuwan to celebrate Dashain or else bear the consequences. This was unacceptable to the people of Limbuwan, so a revolt started in Dhankuta and spread. Gorkha rulers soon suppressed the protest and there were two deaths.
In 1870, the Limbu language suppression policy of the Ranas led to another uprising in Limbuwan. Limbu script or education in the Limbu language was thought of as anti-nationalistic, so the state adopted the policy of suppressing all ethnic and aboriginal languages and cultures of Nepal. Many Limbus were either executed or chased away from their motherland.
King Tribhuwan (1913–55)
King Tribhuwan’s rule saw several changes in the system of Kipat in Limbuwan. Although Ranas had taken away the rights of forest and other mineral rights of the Kipat system, worse was to come. In 1913, the government brought in legislation that stated that any new lands that were brought under cultivation in Limbuwan would be turned into a Raikar land. This was specifically designed to target the new farm lands that had been carved out from the forest and pasture areas. But once again, that was against the spirit of the Gorkha Limbuwan Treaty of 1774, whereby the State was to let Limbus use their lands in their own way according to the Kipat system. According to the treaty of 1774 and the Kipat system, if forest land was to be turned into farm land, with the consent and approval of the Subha and Chumlung of the area, then it was not supposed to be an issue to the state. Besides, forests and pasture lands along with river and water bodies with mineral rights were enshrined in the Kipat system. In 1917, the Rana government’s unilateral legislation stated that Kipat lands of Limbuwan could be turned into “Raikar” lands if the Limbu owners could not pay off loans within six months. This was totally against the treaty of 1774, which specifically stated that the lands of Limbuwan east of Arun River could never be transferred to the Raikar system. Up to 1920 the Subha and their Chumlung also had power to hold courts according to tradition in their jurisdiction.
Limbus of Ilam rose up in resistance
Similarly in 1926, the Rana government introduced the Panchayat system of government in Limbuwan, accordingly these Panchayat systems replaced the Subha and Chumlung system of government in Limbuwan which was also held up by the Gorkha-Limbuwan Treaty of 1774. Limbus of Ilam rose in resistance against the government policies of gradually nibbling away the rights given them by the 1774 treaty. Thus in this way State tried to eat away the autonomy and the rights of Limbu people of Limbuwan. The most interesting and unfair part of this whole saga was that, never were any Limbu Subha or Chumlung members asked nor were their opinion taken into any consideration. Treaties and agreements are signed or dissolved with the agreement of two sides, but the Gorkha-Limbuwan Treaty of 1774 was never consulted and the state unilaterally displaced the people of Limbuwan. In the mean time, the government of Nepal continued its encouragement of mass immigration of non Limbu and non Kirant people into Limbuwan to exploit Kipat lands.
In 1950-51, when there was political movement going on in rest of Nepal, there was also a Limbu/Kiranti insurgency going on in Limbuwan demanding more political rights.
King Mahendra (1955–72)
There was a tradition from the time of Ten Limbu Kings that whenever a new king was crowned, or a new government was formed, a delegation of Subha and Chumlung members would go to the capital city and voice their concerns. In 1960, a delegation of Limbu Subhas from Chumlungs across Limbuwan region went to Kathmandu to remind the King about the Gorkha-Limbuwan Treaty of 1774 and also to get guarantees about the rights of Limbuwan. Following his meeting with the Limbuwan delegation, the king issued royal decrees stating that the “Traditional rights and privileges of Limbu people in Limbuwan will be protected”, in reference to the treaty.
In 1964 King Mahendra and his government introduced the Land Reform Act, whereby the government was to confiscate any land holdings that exceeded 1.8 hectares. This was applied to all of Nepal, but Limbuwan was a different case because lands of Limbuwan once again were under Kipat system and not the Raikar system. The land could not have been sold or owned personally other than Kipat holders anyways, it was communal belonging to a clan or group of people. But once again, going against the spirit of the 1774 Treaty, eroding democratic values and neglecting the people of Limbuwan, the government did not consult with the original people of Limbuwan or the Treaty of 1774 and went ahead with their land surveying in Limbuwan. King Prithvi Narayan Shah had agreed that he would not survey, designate or take away lands of Limbuwan from the original people.
Limbuwan Rebellion against the Land Reform Act 1964
Soon after the introduction of the Land Reform Act, Subhas of Limbuwan and many other Limbu individuals raised the issue and implications of the Land Reform Act on Limbuwan and the existing Treaty. Limbus clearly knew that this was another act to erode the “treaty protected traditional” rights of the Limbu people over their lands. The situation was tense as the very next day, the immigrant non-Limbu tenants of Kipat lands who had been paying rent over a period of time, could be declared to own the land. The very existence of the Limbu people, its culture, tradition and autonomy was in danger. King Prithvi Narayan Shah had promised to Limbus that he would not survey the Lands of Limbuwan, because he did not own them but only the people of Limbuwan did. Similarly, after the 1964 Land reforms act, King Mahendra had promised a delegation of Limbuwans that he would not take away their lands, but he died without accomplishing this and failed to save the Limbu peoples’ autonomy.
The reasons why Kipat system in Limbuwan became a problem for the State and Hindu settlers
1) The state had no authority over Kipat Lands in Limbuwan.
2) The state could not generate revenue or make use of Lands in Limbuwan because Limbus owned the rights to rivers, waters, forests, mines and minerals.
3) The Limbu Kipat owners can anytime ask their tenants to move away from their Kipat lands.
4) Due to its strategic location and being far away from the capital, the state had to exert its control over the people of Limbuwan by mass immigrating Hindu settlers to keep rebellious Limbus in check.
Before the Land Reform Act, of Nepal’s total cultivable land, almost 95% or about 2.1 million hectares of land was under the Raikar system, and 2% or about 40000 hectares of land was under Guthi organisation. Only 3% or 77000 hectares of land was under the Kipat system. The main difference once again was that, all the lands of Nepal was owned by the state and given by the state to people for ownership under the Raikar system. Raikar lands had ownership documents given by the state and most importantly Raikar lands could be sold to anyone. Whereas in the Kipat system, communal/clan authorities owned the lands, Kipat lands were not granted because of the royal or state authority, the owner owned it because he or she belonged to a clan that owned the land for ever. Lands in Limbuwan were never conquered by the state and because the treaty existed that upheld the Kipat rights, it was illegal for the same state and authority that promised to uphold the privilege on one hand to take it away, piece by piece, by the other hand. Regmi states that the King and State had no authority over Kipat lands, communal authority was supreme.
In the treaty of 1774, Prithvi Narayan Shah swore that “in case we confiscate your lands, may our ancestral gods destroy our kingdom and descendants” Regmi further claims that this oath was restated by every other monarch after King Prithvi Narayan. Every new King promised and pledged to maintain Kipat rights but they on the other hand sponsored those policies that slowly eroded the Kipat rights.
King Birendra (1972–2001)
The Panchayat regime adopted the old policy of “One country one king, one language one culture”. It was sponsored by the state and Nepali language and Hindu religion was imposed on everyone. The existence of other religions, customs, languages and traditions were looked down upon and not encouraged. Since the implementation of the Land Reforms Acts, there had been protests and dissatisfacion towards the state for mismanaging, mistreating and most importantly betraying the Limbus. In 1968, a Limbu delegation that had gone to express their dissatisfaction over the single-handed treaty violation were jailed and tortured. Similarly the pioneers of the Limbuwan Liberation Front Party were jailed and tortured for three years for distributing pamphlets and trying to educate Limbus about their own rights. In 1972, some other Limbuwan Liberation members took a delegation to the new King Birendra and tried to revive the Limbuwan Autonomy issue but were soon suppressed.
The restoration of democracy came in 1990 following election. The Limbuwan Liberation Front, being the first party to raise the Limbuwan issue and Limbuwan autonomy and the rights of the Limbu people based on the Limbuwan Gorkha Treaty of 1774, was denied permission by the Nepal Election Commission to run in the election while several religious Hindu fundamentalist parties were allowed to run.
The republican era and now in Limbuwan.
Following the relinquishment of power by then King Gyanendra, the people of Limbuwan and Limbuwan concerned parties became the first group to voice their pain. They organised a first peaceful strike to let the people of Nepal know how unfairly they had been treated and how far they were willing to go for justice. August 7–9, 2007, was the first of many peaceful strikes and protest programs of the Federal Limbuwan State Council and other parties. The demand remains as before, the true autonomy based on 1774 and recognition of indigenous rights.
Understanding the sentiments of the people of Limbuwan, various political parties such as Maoists and others included Federalism in their manifestoes.
The United Nations Draft Declaration on the rights of Indigenous People has also brought new hopes of legally achieving the rights that people of Limbuwan lost unfairly. Kirant Yakthung Chumlung, an organisation of Limbu people, has come up with a policy and views on going forward with the Kipat and land issues of Limbuwan.
Future of Limbuwan.
It is almost certain that Limbuwan will become one of the Federal Province or State within the framework of the Nepalese Constitution and Nepalese Unity. As the people of Limbuwan are coming out of the dark shadows of the repressive past, Limbus and people of Limbuwan aspire to bring new hope, new development and new future to a Land that has existed so long with such an old history.
References.
Bibliography.
Bharatiya Bidhya Bhawan. "The History and Culture of Indian People", military help of Kirant King Parbatak Hang to King Chandra Gupta.
Bista, D. B. "Fatalism and Development", 1994
Bhattachan, K. B. "Expected Model and Process of Inclusive Democracy in Nepal"
Caplan, L. "Land and Social changes in East Nepal"
Chemjong, Iman Sing. "History and Culture of Kirant People"
Forbes, A. A. "The Disclosure and practice of Kipat"
Gurung, H. "Trident and Thunderbolt, Cultural Dynamics in Nepalese Politics"
Hodgson, B. "Essays relating to Indian Subjects", 1880; about the Kirant people and their languages.
Hooker, Sir John. "Himalayan Journal"
Hamilton, F. "Account of the Kingdom of Nepal"
Kirkpatrick, Lt. Col. "An account of the Kingdom of Nepal"
Pradhan, K. "The Gorkha Conquest: The process and consequences of the Unification of Nepal with Particular Reference to Eastern Nepal"
Regmi, M. C. "Land Tenure and Taxation in Nepal"
Shrestha, S. K. "Historical Study of Limbuwan"
Stiller, F. "The Silent Cry: The people of Nepal"
Subba, T. B. "Politics of Culture: A study of Three Kirata Communities in the Eastern Himalayas"
References: Unpublished
Brian Hodgson, "The Kirant History in Kirant script", stored in India Office Library, London, collected by Hodgson B.
Maharaja Thutob Namgyal of Sikkim, "The Sikkim history"
The Dalai Lama 14th century, "Seal given to the Limbu kings"
Gorkha King Prithvi Narayan Shah, "The Treaty and seal given in 1774 AD" to Limbu kings
The Gorkha Kings, "Various Seals given to Limbu kings and chiefs"
References: internet
http://www.magarstudiescenter.org/

</doc>
<doc id="19479868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479868" title="Jenny Klinge">
Jenny Klinge

Jenny Klinge (born 28 November 1975) is a Norwegian politician for the Centre Party.
She served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Møre og Romsdal during the term 2005–2009. She was elected to a full term for the 2009-2013 term. She sits on the Standing Committee on Justice.
On the local level, she is a former deputy mayor of Surnadal.
In 2012 she raised respect by publicly stating that male circumcision for religious reasons should be prohibited in the same way that female circumcision is. 

</doc>
<doc id="19479873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479873" title="Amina Shah">
Amina Shah

Amina Shah (born 31 October 1918) is a prominent anthologiser of Sufi stories and folk tales, and was for many years the Chairperson of the College of Storytellers. She is the sister of the Sufi writers Idries Shah and Omar Ali-Shah, and the daughter of Sirdar Ikbal Ali Shah and Saira Elizabeth Luiza Shah. Her nephew is the travel writer and documentary filmmaker Tahir Shah; her nieces, the writer and documentary filmmaker Saira Shah and Safia Shah.
Family origins and life.
Shah was born into a distinguished family of Saadat (= Arabic plural of Sayyid) who had their ancestral home at Paghman, not far from Kabul. Her paternal grandfather, Sayyid Amjad Ali Shah, was the nawab of Sardhana, in the North-Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. The principality was awarded to his ancestor Jan-Fishan Khan during the British Raj, and had been ruled formerly by the Kashmiri-born warrior-princess, the Begum Samru.
Her career as a folklorist and author spanned seventy years. In that time she travelled widely, collecting stories and studying folklore. Her travels took her through Africa and the Middle East, through the jungles of Sarawak, across the Australian Outback, Afghanistan, and beyond.
Doris Lessing, who became a student of Idries Shah's Sufism in the 1960s, championed the Shah family's efforts to disseminate such teaching stories in the West, and penned an introduction for Amina Shah's "The Tale of the Four Dervishes".

</doc>
<doc id="19479876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479876" title="Conventional electrical unit">
Conventional electrical unit

A conventional electrical unit (or conventional unit where there is no risk of ambiguity) is a unit of measurement in the field of electricity which is based on the so-called "conventional values" of the Josephson constant and the von Klitzing constant agreed by the International Committee for Weights and Measures (CIPM) in 1988. These units are very similar in scale to their corresponding SI units, but are not identical because of their different definition. They are distinguished from the corresponding SI units by setting the symbol in italic typeface and adding a subscript "90" – e.g., the conventional volt has the symbol "V" – as they came into international use on 1 January 1990.
This system was developed to increase the precision of measurements: The Josephson and von Klitzing constants can be realized with great precision, repeatability and ease. The conventional electrical units have achieved acceptance as an international standard and are commonly used outside of the physics community in both engineering and industry.
The conventional electrical units are "quasi-natural" in the sense that they are completely and exactly defined in terms of fundamental physical constants. They are the first set of measurement units to be defined in this way, and as such, represent a significant step towards using "natural" fundamental physics for practical measurement purposes. However, the conventional electrical units are unlike other systems natural units in that some physical constants are not set to unity but rather set to fixed numerical values that are very close (but not precisely the same) to those in the common SI system of units.
Four significant steps were taken in the last half century to increase the precision and utility of measurement units. In 1967 the Thirteenth General Conference on Weights and Measures (CGPM) defined the second of atomic time in the International System of Units as the duration of 9,192,631,770 periods of the radiation corresponding to the transition between the two hyperfine levels of the ground state of the cesium-133 atom. In 1983, the seventeenth CGPM redefined the metre in terms of the second and the speed of light, thus fixing the speed of light at exactly 299,792,458 m/s. And in 1990, the eighteenth CGPM adopted conventional values for the Josephson constant and the von Klitzing constant, fixing the conventional Josephson constant at exactly 483,597.9 Hz/""V"", and the conventional von Klitzing constant at exactly 25 812.807 ""Ω"" (again, these volts and ohms are not precisely the same as the SI definitions but very nearly equivalent).
Definition.
Conventional electrical units are based on defined values of the Josephson constant and the von Klitzing constant, which allow practical measurements of electromotive force and electrical resistance respectively.
Comparison with natural units.
Conventional electrical units can be thought of as a scaled version of a system of natural units defined as
having consequence:
This is a more general (or less specific) version of either the particle physics "natural units" or the quantum chromodynamical system of units but that no unit mass is fixed. Like n.u. or QCD units, with conventional electrical units any observed variation over space or time in the value of the fine-structure constant, α, is attributed to variation in the Coulomb constant or vacuum permittivity or, since the speed of light, "c", is fixed, as a variation in the vacuum permeability.
The following table provides a comparison of conventional electrical units with other natural unit systems:

</doc>
<doc id="19479877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479877" title="Georg Indrevik">
Georg Indrevik

Georg Indrevik (born 18 August 1939) is a Norwegian politician for the Progress Party.
He served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Hordaland during the terms 2001–2005 and 2005–2009.
On the local level, he was the deputy mayor of Fjell. Due to the death of mayor Lars Lie on June 9, 2010, Indrevik continues as mayor of Fjell.

</doc>
<doc id="19479878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479878" title="Olivier Cotte">
Olivier Cotte

Olivier Cotte (born June 20, 1963) is a French film director, writer, graphic novel author, and animation historian.
After studying music, ballet, fine arts and films, he worked 15 years in the industry as director, flame artist and director of special effects, with such people as Wim Wenders ("Until the End of the World"), Roman Polanski ("Death and the Maiden"), Costa-Gavras ("Mad City"), Bob Swaim ("The Climb"), Josiane Balasko ("Un grand cri d'amour"), Jaco van Dormael ("The Eighth Day"), Leos Carax ("Pola X"), and Matthieu Kassovitz ("Assassin(s)").
As critic and historian Olivier Cotte is the author of several works about animated films, including a technical and historical encyclopedia about animation worldwide, monographs on film directors, and a book on Oscar-winning animated short films. He also has translated into French ‘The Animator’s Survival Kit’ by Richard Williams, written several technical works and over a hundred articles for magazines. He collaborates with numerous international animation festivals and cinematheques, and lectures at Gobelins (school of image), Ecole Supérieure de Réalisation Audiovisuelle, l'Eesa, Film Academy Baden-Wuerttemberg, Waide Somme, European Animation Master Class, Taiwan Film Center, Communication University of China, and others.
Olivier Cotte has directed many short films, mainly in animation, or mixing animation and live action.
He is also a writer and author of graphic novels.
Filmography.
DVD.
Contribution to the bonus (interviews or booklets writing)

</doc>
<doc id="19479881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479881" title="Thirakkatha">
Thirakkatha

Thirakkatha (Malayalam: തിരക്കഥ, English: "Screenplay") is a 2008 Malayalam romantic drama film co-produced, written, and directed by Ranjith. 
The film is a tribute to the yesteryear actresses who had been graceful, popular figures in cinema during their younger age with patronage and later got completely disregarded by the industry, media and the masses alike. Ranjith has drawn inspiration from the life of many actresses but especially from the romantic link-up of actress Srividya with actor Kamal Haasan. He has adopted a special narrative style for the film. The story shifts between the present and flash back through the perspective of different characters. The story is divided into three monologues which meet in the climax. The film has garnered positive reviews from the critics and audiences alike.
The film won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Malayalam (Ranjith and Maha Subair). And Priyamani won the Filmfare Awards South for Best Actress.
Plot summary.
Akbar Ahmed (Prithviraj) is a film director. Friends call him 'Akky'. After his highly successful first film, he becomes the most wanted director in the Malayalam film industry. Akky and his girl friend Devayani (Samvrutha Sunil) along with a group of friends all share a passion for cinema. It was with them that Akbar directed and produced his first film, which went on to become a huge success. Akbar also runs a cafe called "Casablanca" named after the classic Hollywood film. For Akbar cinema is not a job, it is his passion. Akbar decides to choose a very different kind of story for his second film and he sets on a journey in search of it.
Akbar decides to base his second film on the life of yesteryear actress Malavika (Priyamani), who was once a very popular actress and whose present whereabouts are unknown. Akbar and his friends go tracking Malavika’s biography. Her husband was Ajaya Chandran (Anoop Menon). Currently Ajayachandran is the reigning super star of the industry. Akbar starts his search from film director Aby Kuruvila’s (Ranjith) house. Kuruvila’s son gives his father’s old letters and diaries to Akbar from which he starts learning about the whirlwind romance of Malavika and Ajayachandran which led to marriage. How differences between them led to a breakup and how this affected their careers along with Akbar's efforts to find Malavika form the major plot of the film. The film ends in a touching yet marvelous climax with a poetic narration.
Reception.
The film was received well with the audiences and critics alike. Some of the major reviews in the media were all praises for the film. Nowrunning.com opined that "It is a charming film that's plainly life-affirming without being overly pretentious or markedly melodramatic". Paresh C Palicha at Rediff.com opined that "It is exciting to see Ranjith bounce back to form with his best effort so far." Almost all reviewers were unanimous about the brilliant performances of the lead stars, especially of Priyamani, Anoop Menon and Prithviraj.
The film fetched Anoop Menon the State Government award for Best Performance in a Supporting Role and Filmfare Award for Best Actress for Priyamani.
Music.
The score and soundtrack of the movie were composed by Sharreth. The soundtrack featured five songs and has received positive reviews.
Rendition of "Oduviloru" by K. S. Chithra got huge appreciation and she got a Filmfare Award for her extremely soulful rendition. The song "Onnodonnu" had a vocal interlude bit rendered by Renjini Haridas, a popular Television anchor from Kerala.

</doc>
<doc id="19479882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479882" title="KV INS Mandovi">
KV INS Mandovi

Kendriya Vidyalaya INS Mandovi is a school in the Bangalore region, India. It is under the Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan. It is situated at the naval base of INS Mandovi, Verem, Goa. The school has classes from I to XII (Science and Commerce) with an enrollment of 800 students.
The Principal of the school is Mr.Kishor Kumar and the headmistress is Mrs. Sandhya Mittal. The school has a Primary and a Secondary section. 
History.
The school was established in 1983 with 500 students. There were single section classes with a 1:25 teacher student ratio. The staff strength was 18 teachers.
Till 1993 the Vidyalaya was housed in Navy makeshift accommodation, in which year it shifted to a new location.
The start of class XII in 1989 saw a group of 7 students appearing for the XII standard Science exam. The following year saw 14 students and then the numbers rose to the present day group of 44 students in the XII Science faculty. Soon two sections were needed for each class. Commerce Batch +2 was introduced in 2009.
Classes.
Each class has two sections A and B, and the XI and XII classes having 'Commerce' and 'Science' sections. Morning assembly starts from 8:00 am until 8:20 am. Official timing of the school is 8:00 am to 2:10 pm. 
The Vidyalaya.
Kendriya Vidyalaya INS Mandovi is a Vidyalaya in the Bangalore region and in Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan as a whole. Like other KVs, it is affiliated to CBSE, New Delhi. It serves the needs of the wards of defence personnel and other transferable central/state government employees of Mandovi and adjoining areas<1><http://www.kvmandovi.org>. 
The Kendriya Vidyalaya System.
Kendriya Vidyalaya (Konkani for Central School) is a system of central government schools under the Ministry of Human Resource Development (India). The system came into being in 1965, named "Central Schools", and has been affiliated with CBSE since then. It serves the children of people in the defence services who are often posted to remote places. With the army starting its own Army Public Schools, the service was extended (but not restricted to) to all central government employees. The uniform curriculum followed by these schools all over India ensures that the children of government employees do not face educational difficulties when their parents are transferred.
The name was later changed from "Central School" to "Kendriya Vidyalaya". There are 981 schools known as Kendriya Vidyalayas (977 are in India and 4 are abroad). 10,33,516 students (as at September 2009) and 49,276 employees (including outsourced) are on rolls (as on November 2009). These have been divided amongst 21 regions each headed by an Assistant Commissioner. 
A body known as the Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan (Central School Organization) oversees the functioning of these schools, operating from its headquarters in New Delhi. The objective is to cater to the educational needs of the children of transferable Central Government employees including Defence and Para-Military personnel by providing a common syllabus and system of education.
Staff members.
Below is a list of the school team of 36 members (as on 25 June 2012).
Activities.
The Vidyalaya participates in games, sports and other activities organized locally and also at Inter Kendriya Vidyalaya level by the Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan, including:
Houses.
The students are divided into 4 houses:
Remembered by the mnemonic 'STAR'.

</doc>
<doc id="19479884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479884" title="List of stations and halts on the Welsh Highland Railway">
List of stations and halts on the Welsh Highland Railway

This is a list of the stations and halts on the Welsh Highland Railway

</doc>
<doc id="19479889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479889" title="Kari Mette Prestrud">
Kari Mette Prestrud

Kari Mette Prestrud (born 28 April 1977) is a Norwegian politician for the Centre Party.
She served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Akershus during the term 2005–2009.
On the local level, she has been a member of Ski municipal council.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19479905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479905" title="El Caracol, Ecatepec">
El Caracol, Ecatepec

The Deposito de Evaporación Solar "El Caracol" (also known as El Caracol de Texcoco or "El Caracol de la Ciudad de México) is a spiral-shaped land formation located to the northeast of Mexico City, in the "municipio" of Ecatepec de Morelos, Mexico. This Giant Spiral is located next to Central Avenue, near from the "Las Americas" Shopping Mall & Residential zone.
It was formed by the sediment of the Lago de Texcoco. It is called "el caracol" (the snail) for its unusual spiral shape, approximately 3,200m in diameter. It was once used for the solar evaporation of water, to obtain sodium salts. It currently supplies water for industrial uses to the nearby regions, including parts of Mexico City.

</doc>
<doc id="19479909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479909" title="Tigmanshu Dhulia">
Tigmanshu Dhulia

Tigmanshu Dhulia (born 3 July 1967) is an Indian film director, actor, screenwriter, and casting director. "Dil Se..", for which he wrote the screenplay, was the first Hindi movie to chart in the UK top ten. He is well known for his role as Ramadhir Singh in Anurag Kashyap's acclaimed modern cult film Gangs of Wasseypur. His directing career has also garnered him accolades with films like Paan Singh Tomar and Saheb Biwi Aur Gangster. Paan Singh Tomar eventually went on to win the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in 2012. Similarly, his sequel film Saheb, Biwi Aur Gangster Returns had gained critical acclaim.
Early life and education.
Dhulia, who has his roots in the hills of Uttarakhand was born and raised in Allahabad, Uttar Pradesh, India, where his father was a judge at the Allahabad High Court and a secretary of the Students’ Federation of India, student wing of the CPM, while his mother was a professor of Sanskrit. He was the youngest of three brothers, one later joined the Navy, while the other became a judge at the Uttarakhand High Court . He attended St. Joseph's College and Anglo Bengali Intermediate College, then Allahabad University where he majored in English, Economics and Modern History. During his studies here, he joined became a member of the pro-Left Progressive Students’ Organisation. After graduating in 1986 he took a Master's Degree in Theatre at the National School of Drama in New Delhi, completing the course in 1989.
Career.
In 1990 he moved to Mumbai where he worked as casting director on the film "Bandit Queen", a biopic of Phoolan Devi. He was casting director for 1995's "Stiff Upper Lips", in which he also had a cameo role as a stallholder, and 2000's "The Warrior", directed by Asif Kapadia.
Dhulia started his direction career, by assisting Pradip Krishen in "Electric Moon" (1992) and Ketan Mehta in "Sardar" (1993). Thereafter he turned to television, thus during the 90s Dhulia directed and produced several television programs, including the six-part "Krishna's Dream" for UK Channel Four. "Kahani Ek Kanya Ki" (1991) was written for Doordarshan, and "Hum Bambai Nahin Jayenge" (1993), for BI Television, was set in an acting school. 1996's "Just Mohabbat" was the story of a boy's coming-of-age, and "Naya Daur" (1995) adapted a classic Hindi novel by Bhagwati Charan Verma for Zee TV.
Dhulia's 1999 series "Star Bestsellers", a sequence of six 45-minute short stories ("Ek Sham Ki Mulaqat", "Fursat Main", "Hum Saath Saath Hain Kya", "Anekon Hitler", "Musafir", and "Bhawaron Ne Khilaya Phool"), won him popular recognition. His 2005 comedy"Who Dus Din", for Star TV, satirized the Indian film industry, while "Ek Duje Ke Liye", produced the same year and also for Star TV, was an adaptation of Neil Simon’s play "The Odd Couple". He also directed the TV serial 'Rajdhaani' for Starplus featuring Neha Dhupia.
He directed his first feature film, "Haasil" in 2003, a love story set among politicized students in northern India. The film was critically well received and has gained a cult following. Haasil was nominated for six awards (including best directorial debut) at the Zee Cine Awards, where it won for best screenplay. His second film "" was a thriller concerning drug cartels, shot in marijuana-growing regions of Himachal Pradesh.
In 2011, Tigmanshu has come up with two films - the first one being Shagird which released on 13 May and the second one was Saheb, Biwi Aur Gangster 
Dhulia's film "Paan Singh Tomar" released on 2 March 2012 and won him wide critical acclaim including National Film Award for Best Feature Film. He has announced four other upcoming projects, "Saheb, Biwi Aur Gangster Returns" (2013), Milan Talkies, Jai Ramji and Bullet Raja, Begum Samru.
Recently he has been honored with the life membership of International Film And Television Club of Asian Academy of Film & Television by Sandeep Marwah President Marwah Films & Video Studios.
In Spring 2013, Dhulia announced plans to produce a female oriented action film to be called "Revolver Rani" and to star Kangana Ranaut and Vir Das.

</doc>
<doc id="19479913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479913" title="Ann-Kristin Engstad">
Ann-Kristin Engstad

Ann-Kristin Engstad (born 5 April 1982) is a Norwegian politician for the Labour Party.
He served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Finnmark during the term 2005–2009.
On the local level, she has been a member of Hammerfest municipal council and Finnmark county council.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19479918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479918" title="Royal District Nursing Service (South Australia)">
Royal District Nursing Service (South Australia)

RDNS (Royal District Nursing Service of South Australia) was established in 1894.
RDNS SA (Royal District Nursing Service South Australia) is a not-for-profit community health and care provider in Adelaide, Australia.
The Royal District Nursing Service is known as RDNS in South Australia and Silver Chain throughout the rest of Australia.
History.
The Royal District Nursing Society of South Australia, initially the District Trained Nursing Society (D.T.N.S.), was inaugurated on 12 July 1894 following 12 months work by a trained nurse in the Adelaide suburb of Bowden. This experiment, which was financed by the philanthropic Barr Smith and EIder families, had convinced founders, Dr. Allan Campbell, M.L.C., Rev. B.C. Stephenson and Nightingale nurse Matron Edith Noble, of the local demand for a district nursing service. Meanwhile, the financial viability of such a venture was being demonstrated by the Pirie Street Nursing Sisters' Association, which was organised by the inner-city Pirie Street Wesleyan Methodist Church but supported by public donations. Founder Rev. Joseph Berry was on the inaugural committee of the D.T.N.S., although his Pirie Street Nursing Sisters' Association remained independent until 1898. Subsequently, in 1937, the D.T.N.S. was re-named the District and Bush Nursing Society of S.A. Inc.; in 1965 the 'Royal' prefix was granted and in 1973 'Bush' was removed from the title.
In September 2011, RDNS merged with the Silver Chain Nursing Association of Western Australia.
Due to the strong history of RDNS within South Australia, the RDNS name and branding continues to be used within that state.
Locations.
RDNS provides care within local communities and as such has bases located throughout Adelaide.

</doc>
<doc id="19479926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479926" title="2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup – Women's 1000 metres">
2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup – Women's 1000 metres

The 1000 metres distance for women in the 2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup was contested over 10 races on seven occasions, out of a total of nine World Cup occasions for the season, with the first occasion taking place in Berlin, Germany, on 7–9 November 2008, and the final occasion taking place in Salt Lake City, United States, on 6–7 March 2009.
Christine Nesbitt of Canada won the cup, while fellow Canadian Kristina Groves came second, and Laurine van Riessen of the Netherlands came third.
Defending champion Anni Friesinger of Germany was injured in bicycle accident in the summer of 2008, leading to an operation to her right knee. Having recovered, she made a strong return to the World Cup towards the end of the season, and finished in eighth place after winning the last two races.
Finals standings.
"Standings as of 7 March 2009 (end of the season)".

</doc>
<doc id="19479933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479933" title="Royal District Nursing Service">
Royal District Nursing Service

Royal District Nursing Service may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19479955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479955" title="Aud Kvalbein">
Aud Kvalbein

Aud Kvalbein (born 4 May 1948) is a Norwegian politician for the Christian Democratic Party.
She served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Oslo during the terms 2001–2005 and 2005–2009. From 1997 to 2000, during the first cabinet Bondevik, Kvalbein was a political advisor in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
On the local level, she was first elected to Oslo city council in 2003. Following the 2007 elections, she became deputy mayor. She had previously served as a deputy representative from 1975 to 1979 and 1995 to 2003.
Before entering full-time politics, she worked mainly with journalism. From 1990 to 1997 she worked as head of information in her party.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19479975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479975" title="MEKO 200">
MEKO 200

The MEKO 200 is a frigate design by the Blohm + Voss shipyard of Germany, as part of the MEKO family of warships.
Variants.
"Anzac" class (MEKO 200).
Ten MEKO 200 frigates were built to the "Anzac" class design: eight for the Royal Australian Navy, and two for the Royal New Zealand Navy.
The Australian Department of Defence decided to upgrade their "Anzac"s even before all ships were completed, the upgraded configuration includes— RGM-84 Harpoon anti-ship missiles fitted in two quad launchers, Evolved Sea Sparrow missiles quad-packed in VLS enabling 32 missiles to be carried, four Nulka active missile decoy bays, and the TSM 5424 Petrel mine and obstacle avoidance sonar system. All upgrades and new builds are scheduled for completion by 2006.
In 2004 Tenix, Saab, and the Australian Department of Defence formed a Private Public Partnership to upgrade the anti-ship missile defence capability of the "Anzac" class. This upgrade will include Sagem Vampir NG IRST (infra-red search and track) capability, Saab Combat Management System upgrade and CEA Technologies PAR 3D E/F band fixed active phased array radar and illuminator. A new main mast will be constructed to incorporate the CEAFAR and CEAMOUNT systems and maintain the existing 2D radar and electronic surveillance capabilities.
"Yavuz/Barbaros" class (MEKO 200TN).
The Turkish variant, MEKO 200TN, is a modified MEKO 200 type multirole frigate.
The first order for the Turkish Navy was signed during April 1983 with two MEKO 200TN built in Germany and two built in the Gölcük shipyards in Turkey. The vessels are also known as MEKO 200TN Track I or "Yavuz" class. Two more orders followed, each known as Track IIA "Barbaros" class and Track IIB. The "Yavuz" class frigates have adopted the CODAD propulsion method with 4 MTU 20V Diesel engines, which require a substantial amount of maintenance. There were also questions over the selection of the Swiss manufactured Sea Zenith, an advanced CIWS system that was never previously used on any naval platform, but there have been no negative reports regarding the system's performance from the Turkish Navy. The later Track IIA frigates have incorporated major improvements including the CODOG propulsion method with 2 MTU 16V diesel engines and 2 LM2500-30 Gas turbines, a greater displacement of 3350 (full load) and the replacement of the older Mk-29 Sea Sparrow launcher with the Mk-41 Mod 8 VLS.
These frigates are considered to be used not for naval superiority but rather as sea denying assets that will try to inflict maximum damage to the enemy, while trying to keep friendly casualties low. MEKO200TN Track I/IIA/IIBs have a maximum speed of 27/31+kts, with a range of 4000 nm and a speed of 20/22kts. Their armament includes the FMC Mk-45 127mm/54cb gun, 8 RGM-84 Harpoons, 2x3 Mk32 324mm torpedo tubes, and 8/16 RIM-7 Sea Sparrow missiles. Electronic equipment includes the DA 08/ AWS-9 surface/air surveillance radar, the WM 25/ AWS 6 tracking radar, the TM 1226/ 2690BT ARPA navigation radar, and STACOS TU/FD Tactical Command and Control System. The Turkish frigates are also equipped with WM25/ COSYS DDWCS Fire Control System, a DE1160 sonar, and Link 11/14 VESTA CDL2, MCS2002 communication systems.
"Hydra" class (MEKO 200HN).
The MEKO frigates have high-level specifications for shock resistance, stiffness requirements for the fire control and radar systems, and blast and gas pressure resistance to retain the integrity of the on-board weapon systems. The hull is constructed of high tensile steel with a yield strength of 355 N/mm².
The ship is divided into twelve self-sufficient watertight sections, which function almost independently of each other. Each compartment also has independent data transfer to the ship’s Naval Automation System, Nautos.
The four "Hydra" class frigates of the Hellenic Navy of Greece are 3200t frigates of the MEKO 200HN design. The first of the four, "Hydra" (F452) was built by Blohm + Voss in Hamburg and commissioned in 1992. The other three were constructed at the Hellenic Shipyards Co. at Skaramagas. "Spetsai" (F453) was commissioned in 1996, "Psara" (F454) in 1998 and "Salamis" (F455) in 1999.
Three "Hydra" class frigates were deployed in support of Operation Enduring Freedom 2002–2003.
"Valour" class (MEKO A-200SAN).
Four Valour-class frigates: SAS Amatola (F145), SAS Isandlwana (F146), SAS Spioenkop (F147) and SAS Mendi (F148) were constructed by Blohm + Voss for the South African Navy between 2000 and 2005.
The improved A-200SAN design incorporates new signature reduction measures. The combat management system is sourced from Thales. Two SuperLynx 300, one Atlas Oryx, two AgustaWestland AW109, one Rooivalk or various UAVs can be accommodated.
"Vasco da Gama" class (MEKO 200PN).
The "Vasco da Gama" class, a development of the MEKO 200 PN German concept, are major surface ships of the Portuguese Navy. Portugal operates three ships of this class, which were built in Kiel by Blohm + Voss and later by HDW, using modular construction techniques.
The project for the construction of three frigates of this class was authorized by the Portuguese Government in 1985, five years after the request of the Portuguese Navy for the acquisition of new surface ships.

</doc>
<doc id="19479989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19479989" title="Charlie Withers">
Charlie Withers

Charlie Withers ( 6 September 1922 in Edmonton–died 2005) was a professional footballer who played for Tottenham Hotspur, Boston United and represented the England B team.
Football career.
Withers joined the Spurs as a junior and signed as a professional in October 1947. He played in the position of full back and completed 164 games and scored ten times in all competitions between 1947–55. An integral member of the push and run Championship winning side of 1950–51 when he featured in 39 games. On leaving Spurs, Withers transferred to Boston United.
Honours.
Tottenham Hotspur
Football League First Division Winners: 1950–51
References.
http://www.bufc.drfox.org.uk/rollcall.html List of Boston United players.

</doc>
<doc id="19480021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480021" title="Suspiria de Profundis">
Suspiria de Profundis

Suspiria de profundis (a Latin phrase meaning "sighs from the depths") is one of the best-known and most distinctive literary works of the English essayist Thomas De Quincey.
Genre.
First published in fragmentary form in 1845, the work is a collection of short essays in psychological fantasy — what De Quincey himself called "impassioned prose," and what is now termed prose poetry. The essays of the "Suspiria" "are among the finest examples of De Quincey's or anyone else's English style." 
"Some critics consider De Quincey's "Suspiria de Profundis" the supreme prose fantasy of English literature."
De Quincey conceived of the collection as a sequel to his masterwork, "Confessions of an English Opium-Eater" (1821). Like that work, the pieces in "Suspiria de Profundis" are rooted in the visionary experiences of the author's opium addiction; and at their best, the "Suspiria" capture the same type of dark grandeur found in the "Confessions".
Publication.
De Quincey left the work incomplete in its original publication, in Blackwood's Magazine in the Spring and Summer of 1845. He altered its content and added material when he included it in his collected works (1854 and after); and portions of the whole were not published until the first volume of his Posthumous Works in 1891.
Among De Quincey's papers, left after his death in 1859, was discovered a list of 32 items that would have comprised the complete "Suspiria", if the work had ever been finished. This master list counts "The English Mail-Coach", first published in Blackwood's in October and December 1849, as one of the "Suspiria", though critics and scholars universally treat it as a separate work. The long essay "The Affliction of Childhood", also on the master list, is more often associated with the "Suspiria", since it too was printed in Blackwood's in the Spring of 1845. ("The Affliction" contains De Quincey's childhood recollections of the deaths of two of his sisters.) Yet for the most part, the "Suspiria" are commonly defined as relatively brief essays, including:
When the collection was reprinted in the collected works in the 1850s, another short essay was added: "The Daughter of Lebanon", a parable of grief and transcendence. 
The four pieces that first appeared posthumously in 1891 are:
Of all of the pieces, "Levana and Our Ladies of Sorrow" is arguably the most widely anthologized, the best known, and the most admired. "The whole of this vision is clothed in a prose so stately, intense, and musical that it has been regarded by some...as the supreme achievement of De Quincey's genius, the most original thing he ever wrote."
The lost "Suspiria".
Out of the 32 pieces on the "Suspiria" master list, 18 are not extant; they were either planned but never written, or written but lost before publication. (In his later years, De Quincey, working by candlelight, had an unfortunate propensity to set things — his papers; his hair — on fire.) The lost pieces bear evocative and provoking titles:
A few pages of Notes for the missing "Suspiria" were found in the author's papers.
Translation, adaptation.
Charles Baudelaire was inspired by "Suspiria de Profundis" and the "Confessions" to write his essay "Les paradis artificiels" about hashish and opium and their effect on a poet's work. The second part of this essay entitled "Un mangeur d'Opium" is a translation to French of De Quincey's Confessions, with Baudelaire occasionally adding his own impressions.(1860).
Dario Argento used De Quincey's "Suspiria", Particularly "Levana and Our Ladies of Sorrow", as an inspiration for his "Three Mothers" trilogy of films, which include "Suspiria," "Inferno," and "The Mother of Tears." 
It was adapted into Luigi Cozzi's 1989 movie "Demons 6: il gatto nero, most commonly known a "The Black Cat".
Fritz Leiber's novel Our Lady of Darkness, published in 1977, the same year as Argento's Suspiria, quotes from Levana in the introduction, and references the third lady in the course of the novel.

</doc>
<doc id="19480022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480022" title="ACB Rising Star Award">
ACB Rising Star Award

The ACB Rising Star Award is an award for the top-tier professional basketball league in Spain, the Spanish ACB League. The award has been given since the 2004–05 ACB season.
All-time award winners.
The following is a list of the all-time ACB Rising Star Award winners.

</doc>
<doc id="19480027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480027" title="Barren Island (Tasmania)">
Barren Island (Tasmania)

Barren Island is a small island, with an area of 0.53 ha, in south-eastern Australia. It is part of the Sloping Island Group, lying close to the south-eastern coast of Tasmania around the Tasman and Forestier Peninsulas.
Fauna.
Recorded breeding seabird species are Silver Gull and Kelp Gull. The Three-lined Skink is present.

</doc>
<doc id="19480045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480045" title="William Easton (artist)">
William Easton (artist)

William Easton is a Scottish artist and curator and writer, His performances, films and art works have been shown extensively including exhibitions at the ICA 1984, London, Bornholm Art Museum in Denmark 2004, Museum of Contemporary Art, Warsaw at the Ujazdów Castle1991, Bronx Museum of the Arts in New York 1992, Kemper Museum of Contemporary Art in Kansas city 2002 and at The Kitchen, in NY.2001
As a curator he has presented programmes of art and design at a number of places including exhibitions at the Museum of Modern Art in Stockholm, Skulpturens Hus, The Baltic Art Centre in Visby and The Centre of Contemporary Art in Szczecin Poland. He has been the recipient of numerous awards and grants including the Anna Louise Raymond Fellowship, William Townsend Memorial Scholarship and the Betty Park Award For Critical Writing.
Easton has been teaching in art, design, advertising, and philosophy for more than 20 years at graduate and undergraduate levels in Sweden the US, the UK, Canada and Poland. He was Rector at Berghs School of Communication, 2004-2008 and until 2010 was the head of Tensta Konsthall in Stockholm.
He is the author of the book "Play" and a contributor to the work "The Bio-apparatus". As well as having written several artist monographs he has published for numerous magazines internationally. He has worked as English editor for magazines such as 'Material' in Stockholm and the international magazine of 'Baltic Arts Mare Articum'. His work “Playing Polo with Pinter” was published in the anthology "Common Ground" in 2007.
Education.
1984 First Class BFA honours degree from Slade School of Fine Art in London
1989 and a Merit Scholar, MFA from The School of the Chicago Art Institute
1991 The Whitney Museum Independent Study Program, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="19480054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480054" title="Asian Development Research Institute">
Asian Development Research Institute

The Asian Development Research Institute (ADRI) was established in 1991 as a registered body by a group of social scientists in Patna, Bihar. It focuses on social sciences including economics, politics, development issues, and culture. 
Research.
The organization conducts and supports both empirical and theoretical studies in different areas of social sciences. This research has included examinations of the imperatives of a knowledge society, the forces of liberalisation and globalisation, issues of good governance and civil society, poverty, state finances in Bihar and other states, and evaluation studies of various social and economic programmes sponsored by national and international development agencies. The Institute holds seminars and workshops and publishes research reports and papers.
Apart from conducting its own research, the Institute also runs a database for development researchers and agencies across the country. The Institute also provides research support to the State Resource Centre (SRC) on adult education and other agencies. 
After the state of Bihar was bifurcated into Bihar and Jharkhand, the Institute established another centre at Ranchi to take adequate care of the research needs of the newly created state.
Centre for Economic Policy and Public Finance.
From the founding of the Institute, it has provided professional support on issues of development strategy or public finance. During 2006-07 and 2007–08, the state government outsourced to the Institute the responsibility of preparing the Annual Economic Survey (AES) for Bihar. In 2008, ADRI established a dedicated centre for the regular preparation of the AES and conduct other research studies related to the economic policy and public finance of the state as well.This centre, called the Centre for Economic Policy and Public Finance (CEPPF) provides research support to the state government for evolving a framework of improved management of public finance. Such research includes studies on resource mobilisation, quality of state government spending, management of deficits and debt, framework of centre-state financial relations, and policies for economic and social development. Besides undertaking such studies, the CEPPF also maintains a Data Bank on the state’s economy. The Centre also organises seminars and workshops on various issues.
International Growth Centre.
The International Growth Centre (IGC) is based at the London School of Economics (LSE) and functions in partnership with the Oxford University. It is initiated and funded by the Department for International Development (DFID) of the UK Government. The IGC has 16 country offices in partner countries and one of them is located at ADRI. The IGC India-Bihar Programme started in December, 2009 when the Government of Bihar invited IGC to come to the state and help sustain the growth of the Bihar economy. The IGC accepted the invitation and agreed to provide demand-led policy advice based on frontier research. For Bihar, the IGC has identified two key research areas through an ongoing consultation process with policy stakeholders and researchers — economic transformation and resource mobilisation. The IGC Programmein Bihar currently focuses on five key sectors — agriculture, education, state finance, health, and water resources. Having identified these focus areas, a variety of products — rapid response notes, research and analytic work, training and dissemination workshops, and events — were commissioned to fulfill the need for independent, policy-oriented academic research on Bihar.
Jan Shikshan Sansthan.
Keeping in view the growing number of new literates to be covered under the Saakshar Bharat Programme, of which skill development is an integral part, the National Literacy Mission (NLM) supports a number of Jan Shikshan Sansthans (JSS) or Institutes of People’sEducation (IPE) across the country. The Institutes organise vocational and skill development programmes for neo-literates in both rural and urban areas. Through a polyvalent approach, each JSS ensures a continuous access to the need-based vocational training. Since the needs vary, each JSS has the autonomy to design their courses that have flexible content, duration and instructional arrangements. ADRI was entrusted with the responsibility of hosting a JSS in 2000. Every year,about 2,500 persons attend various vocational courses of the JSS, ADRI. At present, besides the main centre on the ADRI premises, JSS runs 12 rural centres in Patna district, some of them in collaboration with local NGOs.
State Resource Centre for Adult Education.
The National Literacy Mission (NLM) started an innovative programme for adult educationin 1988. The programme had to be organised in a mission mode, where the active participation of the people and non-government organisations (NGO) was very essential. In this context, the NLM established a number of State Resource Centres (SRC), each of them hosted by a reputed NGO. In 1995, the NLM entrusted ADRI with the responsibility of hosting one such SRC in Patna to support the literacy campaign in selected districts of Bihar, the campaign being supported in the remaining districts of the state by another SRC. In 2000, Bihar was bifurcated and the NLM then entrusted ADRI with the responsibility of organising another SRC at Ranchi to support the campaign in the newly formed state of Jharkhand. Till 2007, the NLM used to be implemented in three phases —Total Literacy Campaign (TLC), Post-Literacy Programme (PLP) and Continuing Education (CE). When nearly all the districts of the country completed the first two phases of the programme and entered the Continuing Education phase, the NLM restructured the programme and named it as Saakshar Bharat programme. The responsibilities of the two SRC's under ADRI include — development of teaching-learning and training materials for literacy programmes; production and dissemination (including translation) of literature for adult education; training literacy functionaries; undertaking motivational and environment-building activities for adult education; multimedia works; running of field programmes; action research, evaluation and monitoring of literacy projects; and undertaking innovative projects to identify the future need of literacy programmes.  One of the innovative initiatives of SRC has been to organise the Akshar Bihar and Akshar Jharkhand functions annually to honour dedicated literacy functionaries. The SRC at Patna also organises, along with the Akshar Bihar function, anannual lecture in memory of Myles Horton and Paulo Freire, doyens of adult education.
Key Events.
ADRI Foundation Lecture.
The founder-members of ADRI were aware of the fact that its agenda of social science research cannot be convincingly pursued if it was restricted to a rather small academic community. For the agenda to be socially and culturally rooted, it required the participation of a wider section of society, with whom the academia should interact constantly. The dream of a knowledge society could be achieved only through such interactions. It was this understanding of the social science research that had led the ADRI to institute the ADRI Foundation Lecture series in 1993. Till date, these lectures have been delivered by some of the most distinguished scholars in their own fields. They have covered issues that span nearly every dimension of social challenges, both national and international, and have been a rare source of the frontier areas of social thought for the intelligentsia of Patna. Needless to say, as the city happens to be located in a peripheral region of the country, the participation of its intelligentsia in ADRI Foundation Lectures has been enormous. During this important annual event, ADRI also utilises the opportunity to inform the audience of the organisation’s progress and challenges.
Myles Horton & Paulo Freire Memorial Lecture.
The genesis of the idea of instituting a lecture series in memory of Myles Horton and Paulo Freire can precisely be attributed to their book 'We Make the Road by Walking', a Hindi translation of which was published by the Asian Development Research Institute. Horton and Freire’s book essentially argues that the strategy of ‘enabling from below’ is possibly the only one that could change the status of a marginalised community. The speaking book is a gripping sociological narration: it not only records the state of the deprived, but also outlines a strategy that the deprived must adopt to alter their status quo. The narration is fully contextualised, in the context of both the USA - a very rich country, and Brazil - a moderately rich one. In terms of country and social background, Horton and Freire were so different, yet their ideas converged on the question of enabling the deprived,rather than writing a script on behalf of the provider.  
After reading the book, it is not difficult for those involved in the campaign of adult literacy in Bihar to recognise the striking similarity between Bihar and the Appalachian region of USA where Horton had worked, and Brazil, the concern of Freire. ADRI has first published the Hindi translation of their book to ensure a wider readership and then started the Lecture Series in their memory in 1999 to engage in a continuous dialogue on literacy and development. Since then, it has been an awesome and rewarding experience.
Akshar Bihar and Akshar Jharkhand.
When ADRI was entrusted with the task of setting up the State Resource Centre (SRC) for adult education in Bihar by the National Literacy Mission (NLM), it was felt that the working of the SRC should combine both traditional and innovative programmes. It was also felt that if Bihar was to transcend into a ‘knowledge society’ in the 21st century, the banishment of illiteracy should be the key strategy. This required a proactive role not only on the part of the government, but also of the people in general and civil society organisations in particular. While the NLM was playing the role of a proactive government agency, ADRI tried to enthuse the other two segments – the people and the civil society.
The traditional agenda of all the SRCs has three dimensions – material preparation, training, and monitoring. However, right from the beginning, the SRC, ADRI has understood the need of making innovative interventions. For example, it was realised that the prime reason behind a poor literacy rate in Bihar was the indifference of its small intelligentsia to the adult literacy campaign. One of the activities of SRC, ADRI was, therefore, to sensitise the local intelligentsia on literacy concerns. With this goal, SRC, ADRI established Akshar Bihar, the forum which has been organising several meetings in different districts of Bihar and a regular annual gathering in the state capital for about two decades now. After the bifurcation of the state, the forum opened its second office in Ranchi for Akshar Jharkhand. These forums are being run in association with a leading Hindi Daily (earlier Hindustan, now Prabhat Khabar) which ensures a wider dissemination of informationon forums’ activities. All these efforts have indeed elevated the status of the campaign in the minds of the local intelligentsia. The initial idea to involve the media with the literacy campaign emanated from the absence of any academic foundation in society, particularly in the context of Bihar, which could transcend from information to knowledge growth. Though the movement for social liberation in Bihar was egalitarian and democratic, it was devoid of 'knowledge' foundation. It was, thus, felt that if Bihar was to be brought back on the rails of a 'knowledge' civilisation, particularly in the background of competitive electoral populism and in the absence of authentic social movement, it was only the media which could lead Bihar to a ‘knowledge society'.
Akshar Bihar was started with these very aims to recognize the efforts of thousands of volunteers committed to the cause of literacy. Awards under four categories – Akshar Shri, Akshar Ratna, AksharBhushan, and Akshar Vibhushan – are presented to the volunteers.

</doc>
<doc id="19480067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480067" title="Point of Pittsburgh (book)">
Point of Pittsburgh (book)

The Point of Pittsburgh: Production and Struggle at the Forks of the Ohio is an American history book by Charles McCollester, a labor historian and activist, who argues that Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania was the key to the industrial development that made the United States a world power. He also links the struggle of the region’s people for democratic rights and a decent standard of living to the creation of the American middle class.
While many books document the role played by the Pittsburgh industrialists Andrew Carnegie, Andrew Mellon, and Henry Clay Frick, McCollester tells a rarely told people's history of the Indians and the workers in Western Pennsylvania. McCollester describes those who first stood at the Forks of the Ohio, those who dug the coal, tended the furnaces, wrested the iron, steel, glass and aluminum from raw material, who built the boats, the bridges, the rail equipment and the generators, the skyscrapers, the highways, built the homes, and raised the families.
The book was published in November 2008, the 250th anniversary of Pittsburgh's founding.
Sources.
"Books in Print". Bowker, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19480072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480072" title="Chronux">
Chronux

Chronux is an open-source software package developed for the loading, visualization and analysis of a variety of modalities / formats of neurobiological time series data. Usage of this tool enables neuroscientists to perform a variety of analysis on multichannel electrophysiological data such as LFP (local field potentials), EEG, MEG, Neuronal spike times and also on spatiotemporal data such as FMRI and dynamic optical imaging data. The software consists of a set of MATLAB routines interfaced with C libraries that can be used to perform the tasks that constitute a typical study of neurobiological data. These include local regression and smoothing, spike sorting and spectral analysis. The package also includes some GUIs for time series visualization and analysis. Chronux is GNU GPL v2 licensed (and MATLAB is proprietary).
History.
From 1996 to 2001, the Marine Biological Laboratory (MBL) at Woods Hole, Massachusetts, USA hosted a workshop on the analysis of neural data. This workshop then evolved into the special topics course on neuroinformatics which is held at the MBL in the last two weeks of August every year. The popularity of these pedagogical efforts and the need for wider dissemination of sophisticated time-series analysis tools in the wider neuroscience community led the Mitra Lab at Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory to initiate an NIH funded effort to develop software tools for neural data analysis in the form of the Chronux package. Chronux is the result of efforts of a number of people, the chief among
whom are Hemant Bokil, Peter Andrews, Samar Mehta, Ken Harris, Catherine Loader, Partha Mitra, Hiren Maniar, Ravi Shukla, Ramesh Yadav, Hariharan Nalatore and Sumanjit Kaur. Important contributions were also made by Murray Jarvis, Bijan Pesaran and S.Gopinath. Chronux welcome contributions from interested individuals.
Organization and capabilities of Chronux.
Chronux is organized into a number of distinct toolboxes. These include the spectral analysis toolbox, the local regression and likelihood toolbox, and the spike-sorting toolbox. In addition, a number of domain-specific GUIs are part of the Chronux package and more are envisaged. Much of Chronux is written in MATLAB with certain intensive computations being coded in C with a MEX interface to MATLAB. The methods employed are state-of-the-art: For example, the spectral analysis toolbox implements the multitaper spectral estimation method and the local regression and Likelihood toolbox (Locfit) implements a set of highly flexible methods for fitting functions and probability distributions to data. Chronux provides robust estimates of the confidence intervals on computed quantities. Thus, the computation of a spectrum can be augmented by a computation of both asymptotic and jackknife based confidence intervals and thesame is true of most quantities in the spectral analysis toolbox. Similarly, the local regression and likelihood toolbox is a MEX front-end to the Locfit package which provides a comprehensive set of tools for model testing and validation.
The graphical user interface.
The GUI can be invoked from the MATLAB prompt by typing ndb – short for the Neuro Data Browser (NDB) – which provides a standard user interface for loading, visualizing and analyzing neurobiological time series data. The data can be in different formats such as EEG, MEG, FMRI etc. A standard UI for selecting and visualizing relevant portions (samples/channels/trials) of the time series is used so that it is possible to view, store and analyze the data for a typical study – which can be of the order of several Gb's – from multiple modalities / formats on a single platform. The GUI also provides the facility to view a summary of all the data objects that have been added to the system pool. Currently there are two views of the summarized data – by patient name and by modality/format. More views can be added with minimal effort.
At a basic level, the GUI enables users, to load data, analyze them and visualize the results within the Browser framework without a need to write separate MATLAB codes. For advanced users, it also provides a command line interface, so that data can be directly loaded and visualized for analysis. The usage of XML based plugin-architecture allows for extending support to other modalities and formats and also serves to integrate any other MATLAB toolbox with minimal changes in the plugin XML.
The M2HTML documentation.
The M2HTML documentation is an archive of online help for all MATLAB routines incorporated in Chronux. This consists of function descriptions and dependency graphs. The most recent version of Chronux is version 2.00.
Future goals.
The existing MATLAB analysis library will be enlarged by including an existing package of autoregressive spectral analysis (ARFIT). Next, an open source low level library will be developed in C to incorporate optimized numerical libraries such as Lapack, Locfit, Multitaper spectral analysis library (MTSA) and spike sorting library. Image time series routines, wavelets, tools based on machine learning, source localization and other advanced tools will be added in later phases.
The MATLAB version of GUI, will be completely developed to a GUI written in Java. With the introduction of this Java GUI, Chronux will be completely a user-friendly graphical analysis tool that does not require a user to have license for MATLAB. This will be the first Chronux distribution that is complete and works without a need to find and configure other components. In its final form, Chronux will be a domain specific, quality tested open source software for Neuroscience community.
A note on multitaper spectral analysis.
The multitaper spectral analysis is a powerful nonparametric method to estimate power spectrum developed by Dr. David Thompson.

</doc>
<doc id="19480081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480081" title="The Premature Burial (film)">
The Premature Burial (film)

The Premature Burial (1962) is an American International Pictures horror film, directed by Roger Corman, starring Ray Milland, also with Hazel Court, Alan Napier, Heather Angel and Richard Ney, screenplay by Charles Beaumont and Ray Russell, based upon the 1844 short story of the same name by Edgar Allan Poe. It was the third in the series of eight Poe-themed pictures, known informally as the "Poe Cycle", directed by Corman for American International.
Plot.
Set in the early dark Victorian-era 1830s or '40s (also similar to Charles Dickens' fiction of rain-soaked London streets), it follows Guy Carrell, who is obsessed with the fear of death. He is most obsessed with the fear of being buried alive. Though his fiancee Emily says he has nothing to be afraid of, he still thinks he will be buried alive (a common fear and in reality an occasional occurrence with the primitive and happen-stance character of the practice of early surgical and medicine science then, with bodies being raided from morgues to do educational autopsies and witch potions being prescribed for all sorts of miscellaneous ailments and the yet-to-be-discovered theories by Pasteur and Lister of germs and bacteria thus preventing infections). So deluded, he seeks help from a few people, including his sister, but he still is haunted by the fear of death and the sense that someone close wants him dead.
Production.
Roger Corman had made two successful adaptations of Edgar Alan Poe's (1809-1849) works for American International Pictures (AIP) starring the famous and preeminent horror and suspense star of the 1950s and 60s, Vincent Price.
He decided to make his own Poe film with financing through Pathe Lab. He wanted to use Price, but AIP had him under exclusive contract, so he cast instead Ray Milland. On the first day of shooting James Nicholson and Sam Arkoff of AIP turned up, announcing Corman was working for them - they had threatened Pathe with the loss of their business if they did not bring the movie back to AIP.
Francis Ford Coppola worked on the movie as dialogue director.
Reception.
Cavett Binion in ""Allmovie"" notes, "Milland's performance conveys the requisite amount of hand-wringing torment (in the mode of ""The Lost Weekend"" movie), even if he fails to capture the manic intensity that Price brought to the other Poe films that he played or starred in. Corman's deft direction, employing a rich palette of colors and superb widescreen compositions, is on a par with the series' finest installments."
Awards and nominations.
The film won a 1962 "Golden Laurel" - "Sleeper of the Year" Award.

</doc>
<doc id="19480089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480089" title="Robin Davey">
Robin Davey

Robin Davey (born 29 December 1975, St Austell, Cornwall, England) is an English musician, record producer, musical director and photographer.
Biography.
Davey was a founding member of the British blues band, The Hoax, who were signed to East West Records in 1994 and released their debut album "Sounds Like This" to critical acclaim. "Q" magazine likened the band to the Yardbirds and The Rolling Stones and gave the album a 4 star review. The album was produced by Mike Vernon whose early work included Fleetwood Mac and John Mayall's Blues Breakers (with Eric Clapton).
The Hoax split in 1999 having released four albums and shortly after Davey formed the Davey Brothers, a blues rock outfit with his older brother Jesse. The duo signed to Interscope records via David A. Stewart's Weapons Of Mass Entertainment Label. The Davey Brothers' song "Heart Go Faster" was featured over the closing credits in the film "" and featured on the soundtrack album. The Davey Brothers split in 2006 having never released anything through Interscope Records.
In 2004 Davey played bass guitar on the "Alfie" soundtrack and also performed on tracks for the "Be Cool" soundtrack in 2005.
In 2006 Davey directed his debut feature documentary "The Canary Effect", which premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival and was also awarded the Stanley Kubrick Award for Bold and Innovative Film Making at Michael Moore's Traverse City Film Festival the same year.
In 2006 Davey also formed his current band The Bastard Fairies with Native American artist and singer Yellow Thunder Woman. The band released their debut album "Memento Mori" for free download late that year and shortly after signed to Adrenaline Records. In 2007 an extended physical version of the album with 5 bonus tracks was released on CD.
in 2009 Davey embarked on a European tour with his former band The Hoax. The band recorded the shows for release of a live album and DVD.
Davey recently admitted to being the creator of the Gutbucket Slim's "Blues Emporium" album. The album is a mash up of old blues recording featuring artists such as Lead Belly, Howlin' Wolf mixed with more contemporary artists Mos Def, Christina Aguilera and Charles Bukowski. The album is available as a free download.[http://thebastardfairies.bandcamp.com/album/blues-emporium]
2010 saw the release of the "Wolfbox" album from The Davey Brothers.
In 2010 Davey's band The Bastard Fairies also released the single "DIRTY SEXY KILL KILL" and EP "Man Made Monster.
In late 2010, Davey reported through his facebook page that has teamed up with singer/artist Greta Valenti for a new project called Well Hung Heart. Davey plays simultaneous guitar and bass in the three piece outfit based in Southern California. The band made their European debut in 2011 as part of "Hoaxfest" 
Directing work.
In 2006, Directed the award-winning documentary, The Canary Effect.
In 2008, Davey became a part of GROWvision Studios, a creative development and production company with partner, Greta Valenti.
In 2012, Robin Davey began Directing the TV Series, "Live From Daryl's House" Hosted by Daryl Hall of Hall & Oates. 
Davey has also directed a number of music videos including Buckcherry's "Too Drunk...", Drowning Pool's "37 Stitches" and Jody Raffoul's "Stay (with Me)". In 2009 Davey directed the "Black Hearts (On Fire)" video for Australian band Jet.
Music production.
In 2003 Davey produced the eponymous album from native blues rockers Indigenous. He also co-wrote 7 tracks including the top 30 AAA radio hit "C'Mon Suzie". The album reached number 3 in the "Billboard" Blues Charts.
Photography.
He shot the cover of actress Gina Gershon's debut album as well as the cover for The Bastard Fairies "Memento Mori" album, the cover to Drowning Pool's "37 Stitches" single and the UK poster for David A. Stewart's 2007 tour.
Discography.
Albums.
1994 The Hoax - "Sound Like This" 
1996 The Hoax - "Unpossible"
1997 The Hoax - "Humdinger"
1999 The Hoax - "Live Forever"
2003 The Davey Brothers - "Monkey Number 9" (UK only)
2006 The Bastard Fairies - "Memento Mori"
2008 The Bastard Fairies - "Man Made Monster"
2010 The Davey Brothers - "Wolfbox"
2010 The Hoax - "2010 A Blues Odessey"
2011 Well Hung Heart - "The State Of America" EP
2013 Well Hung Heart - "Young Enough To Know It All"
2013 The Hoax - "Big City Blues"
2014 Well Hung Heart - "Go Forth And Multiply"
Soundtracks.
1995 "Heaven's Prisoners" (featured track: The Hoax - "20 Ton Weight")
2003 "Tomb Raider 2: The Cradle Of Life" (featured track" The Davey Brothers - "Heart Go Faster")
2004 "Alfie" (Bass Guitar - Various Tracks)
2005 "Be Cool" (Bass Guitar - Various Tracks)
Producer.
1994 The Hoax - "Sound Like This"
1996 The Hoax - "Unpossible"
1997 The Hoax - "Humdinger"
2003 Indigenous - "Indigenous"
2006 The Bastard Fairies - "Memento Mori"
2010 The Bastard Fairies - "DIRTY SEXY KILL KILL" (Single)
2011 Well Hung Heart - "The State Of Americaa" EP
Filmography.
2000 "Making an Omelette" (Short Film) Writer / Actor
2001 "Finch" (Short Film) Writer / Director / Actor
2004 Dave Stewart - "Everybody All Over The World" (Music Video) Director
2005 The Davey Brothers - "Sunshine Day" (Music Video) Director
2006 "The Canary Effect" - (Feature Documentary) Director / Writer / Producer
2008 Buckcherry - "Too Drunk" (Music Video) Director / Producer
2008 Drowning Pool - "37 Stitches" (Music Video) Director / Producer
2008 Jody Raffoul - "Stay (With Me)" (Music Video) Director / Producer
2008 "Grabtime" (Documentary) Writer / Director / Producer 
2009 Jet - "Black Hearts (On Fire)" Writer / Director 
2011 Papa Roach - "No Matter What (Acoustic)" Writer / Director
Awards.
Music.
British Blues Connection Best British Blues Band (The Hoax) 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998.
Inductees into British Blues Connection Hall Of Fame (The Hoax) 1998
Film.
"Making An Omelette" - Winner BT Get Out There Awards 2000
"The Canary Effect" - Winner Stanley Kubrick Award For Bold and Innovative Film - Making Michael Moore's Traverse City Film Festival 2006 
The Bastard Fairies, "The Greatest Love Song" - Winner Best Music Video - American Indian Motion Picture Awards 2006

</doc>
<doc id="19480100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480100" title="Sandy Stern">
Sandy Stern

Sandy Stern is an American film producer, best known for his work on the films "Pump Up the Volume" (1990), "Being John Malkovich" (1999) and "Saved!" (2004).
Career.
Stern's first project, released in 1990, was the teen film "Pump Up the Volume", which was nominated for a 1990 Independent Spirit Award for Best Film. He subsequently became executive producer of "Equinox" and "Red Hot", released direct-to-video in 1992 and 1993 respectively. He met rock band R.E.M.'s lead singer Michael Stipe through Stern's friend Samantha Mathis' boyfriend, River Phoenix. At the time, Stern was producing with Sean Penn, and teamed up as producing partners with Stipe looking for a change. Together they executive produced "Velvet Goldmine" in 1998 and "Freak City" in 1999. They formed a production company, Single Cell, and their next project was Charlie Kaufman and Spike Jonze's 1999 film "Being John Malkovich". "Being John Malkovich" won a 2000 Independent Spirit Award for Best First Feature, and Stern and fellow producers Stipe, Steve Golin and Vincent Landay were nominated for two Producers Guild of America Awards: the Motion Picture Producer of the Year Award and the Vision Award, winning the latter.
Stern and Stipe, teamed with producers Michael Ohoven and William Vince, produced the 2004 independent teen-comedy film "Saved!", having spent years trying to persuade major financiers to fund the film, which, according to Stern, was a controversial film "that dealt with religion, that dealt with comedy and religion, that dealt with a gay storyline, and that was basically, it was all a kind of ensemble cast that did not have a Julia Roberts starring in the movie." After its US$9 million-grossing theatrical release through United Artists, Stern approached Elephant Eye Theatrical's CEO Stuart Oken about adapting the film into a musical, which premiered Off Broadway at Playwrights Horizons, New York City in May 2008.
Stern and Stipe are also set to produce the upcoming comedy film "Runner-Up", written by "Saved!" screenwriters Brian Dannelly and Michael Urban and directed by Dannelly, about a beauty pageant contestant who fulfills a community service obligation by holding a pageant at a women's prison.
Personal life.
Stern was raised in New York by Jewish parents. He attended New York University, completing a Ph.D. in clinical psychology, but left to pursue filmmaking instead at Vassar College, where he came out as gay. He now resides in Los Angeles, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19480112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480112" title="Arctic methane release">
Arctic methane release

Arctic methane release is the release of methane from seas and soils in permafrost regions of the Arctic. While a long-term natural process, it may be exacerbated by global warming. This results in a positive feedback effect, as methane is itself a powerful greenhouse gas. The feedback of the undisturbed process is comparably weak, however, because the local release leads to a warming spread over the whole globe.
The Arctic region is one of the many natural sources of the greenhouse gas methane. Global warming accelerates its release, due to both release of methane from existing stores, and from methanogenesis in rotting biomass. Large quantities of methane are stored in the Arctic in natural gas deposits, permafrost, and as submarine clathrates. Permafrost and clathrates degrade on warming, thus large releases of methane from these sources may arise as a result of global warming. Other sources of methane include submarine taliks, river transport, ice complex retreat, submarine permafrost and decaying gas hydrate deposits.
During interglacials, average atmospheric methane concentrations are nearly twice the lowest values in the depths of glacial. Concentrations in the Arctic atmosphere are higher by 8–10% than that in the Antarctic atmosphere. During cold glacier epochs, this gradient decreases to practically insignificant levels. Land ecosystems are considered the main sources of this asymmetry, although it has been suggested that "the role of the Arctic Ocean is significantly underestimated." Soil temperature and moisture levels have been found to be significant variables in soil methane fluxes in tundra environments.
According to an article in the magazine Science, while methane release is indeed likely to amplify global warming to an unknown level, fears that it could lead to catastrophe are possibly overblown.
Contribution to climate change.
The release of methane from the Arctic is in itself a contributor to global warming as a result of polar amplification. Recent observations in the Siberian arctic show increased rates of methane release from the Arctic seabed. Land-based permafrost, also in the Siberian arctic, was also recently observed to be releasing large amounts of methane, estimated at over 4 million tons – significantly above previous estimates.
In the plot showing the global atmospheric methane concentration (the significant measure from the viewpoint of global warming and radiative forcing), however, the rate of the increase in atmospheric methane has been slowing until 2004, indicating that the contribution from Arctic release is currently not the dominant factor in the global picture.
Current methane release has previously been estimated at 0.5 Mt per year. Shakhova et al. (2008) estimate that not less than 1,400 Gt of Carbon is presently locked up as methane and methane hydrates under the Arctic submarine permafrost, and 5-10% of that area is subject to puncturing by open taliks. They conclude that "release of up to 50 Gt of predicted amount of hydrate storage highly possible for abrupt release at any time". That would increase the methane content of the planet's atmosphere by a factor of twelve.
In 2008 the United States Department of Energy National Laboratory system identified potential clathrate destabilization in the Arctic as one the most serious scenarios for abrupt climate change, which have been singled out for priority research. The U.S. Climate Change Science Program released a report in late December 2008 estimating the gravity of the risk of clathrate destabilization, alongside three other credible abrupt climate change scenarios.
Loss of permafrost.
Sea ice loss is correlated with warming of Northern latitudes. This has melting effects on permafrost, both in the sea, and on land. Lawrence et al. suggest that current rapid melting of the sea ice may induce a rapid melting of arctic permafrost. This has consequential effects on methane release, and wildlife. Some studies imply a direct link, as they predict cold air passing over ice is replaced by warm air passing over the sea. This warm air carries heat to the permafrost around the Arctic, and melts it. This permafrost then releases huge quantities of methane. Methane release can be gaseous, but is also transported in solution by rivers. NewScientist states that "Since existing models do not include feedback effects such as the heat generated by decomposition, the permafrost could melt far faster than generally thought."
There is another possible mechanism for rapid methane release. As the Arctic ocean becomes more and more ice free, the ocean absorbs more of the incident energy from the sun. The Arctic ocean becomes warmer than the former ice cover and much more water vapour enters the air. At times when the adjacent land is colder than the sea, this causes rising air above the sea and an off-shore wind as air over the land comes in to replace the rising air over the sea. As the air rises, the dew point is reached and clouds form, releasing latent heat and further reinforcing the buoyancy of the air over the ocean. All this results in air being drawn from the south across the tundra rather than the present situation of cold air flowing toward the south from the cold sinking air over the Arctic ocean. The extra heat being drawn from the south further accelerates the warming of the permafrost and the Arctic ocean with increased release of methane.
Clathrate breakdown.
Sea ice, and the cold conditions it sustains, serves to stabilise methane deposits on and near the shoreline, preventing the clathrate breaking down and outgassing methane into the atmosphere, causing further warming. Melting of this ice may release large quantities of methane, a powerful greenhouse gas into the atmosphere, causing further warming in a strong positive feedback cycle.
Even with existing levels of warming and melting of the Arctic region, submarine methane releases linked to clathrate breakdown have been discovered, and demonstrated to be leaking into the atmosphere. A 2011 Russian survey off the East Siberian coast found plumes wider than one kilometer releasing methane directly into the atmosphere.
According to monitoring carried out in 2003/2004 by Shakhova et al., the surface layer of shelf water in the East Siberian Sea and Laptev Sea was supersaturated up to 2500% relative to then present average atmospheric methane content of 1.85 ppm. Anomalously high concentrations (up to 154 nM or 4400% supersaturation) of dissolved methane in the bottom layer of shelf water suggest that the bottom layer is somehow affected by near-bottom sources. Considering the possible formation mechanisms of such plumes, their studies indicated thermoabrasion and the effects of shallow gas or gas hydrates release.
Research in 2008 in the Siberian Arctic has shown clathrate-derived methane being released through perforations in the seabed permafrost.
The climatic effects of a potential release of methane from ocean clathrates may be significant on timescales of 1–100 thousand years.

</doc>
<doc id="19480127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480127" title="Keith Dalziel">
Keith Dalziel

Professor Keith Dalziel, F.R.S. (24 August 1921 – 7 January 1996) was a British biochemist. He was born in Salford, and spent the greater part of his scientific career at the Department of Biochemistry of the University of Oxford. He worked primarily on liver alcohol dehydrogenases, and is well known in enzymology as the discoverer of the Dalziel coefficient. Dalziel was a Professorial Fellow of Wolfson College, and in 1975 was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society

</doc>
<doc id="19480145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480145" title="1993 Waldbaum's Hamlet Cup">
1993 Waldbaum's Hamlet Cup

The 1993 Waldbaum's Hamlet Cup was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 13th edition of the event known that year as the Waldbaum's Hamlet Cup, and was part of the World Series of the 1993 ATP Tour. It took place at the Hamlet Golf and Country Club in Commack, Long Island, New York, United States, from August 23 through August 29, 1993.
The singles line up featured ATP No. 3, reigning US Open champion, Australian Open runner-up, Madrid winner Stefan Edberg, Wimbledon semifinalist, Doha, Milan titlist Boris Becker, and French Open, Monte Carlo, Gstaad, Prague champion Sergi Bruguera. Other seeds were Hamburg, Stuttgart, Queen's Club, Basel winner Michael Stich, Cincinnati, Jakarta and Osaka titlist Michael Chang, Petr Korda, Goran Ivanišević and Alexander Volkov.

</doc>
<doc id="19480151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480151" title="Medieval Ireland">
Medieval Ireland

Ireland in the Middle Ages:

</doc>
<doc id="19480152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480152" title="Channel South">
Channel South

Channel South was an Irish television channel, operated by City Channel, transmitting 24-hour local programming to Cork, Limerick, and parts of Kerry, Waterford, Clare and South Tipperary since November 2008.
Included in the station's programmes is an evening show called "South Tonight" presented by local celebrities.
Background.
"Channel South"' is a cable television channel operating in Cork, Limerick, and parts of County Kerry, County Waterford, County Clare and South Tipperary since November 2008, Republic of Ireland. It has received a licenced by the Broadcasting Commission of Ireland for cable and MMDS operation, and have secured carriage on the formerly NTL owned digital cable system in Dublin. It follows on from the first attempt at a commercial local television network in Ireland and indeed the first attempt at a commercial cable-only channel in the country by its sister City Channel.
In November 2008 the channel was added to UPC Ireland's electronic programme guide on Channel 107, and programming began on 10 November 2008.
The company, which is headed by former Radio Telefís Éireann (RTÉ) presenter David Harvey, also opened City Channels for Galway and Waterford in 2006, and this channel in time – together with City Channels Dublin and Waterford will have about 85% shared content with the rest being local content with Channel South operating 24 hours a day. Harvey also is a shareholder in independent local radio station Dublin's Country Mix 106.8.

</doc>
<doc id="19480170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480170" title="Shaibal Gupta">
Shaibal Gupta

Dr. Shaibal Gupta is a social scientist, Founder Member-Secretary of Asian Development Research Institute in Patna, Bihar. 
The Asian Development Research Institute (ADRI) is a non-profit civil society organization, dedicated to social science research established in 1991. He is also the director of the Centre for Economic Policy and Public Finance (CEPPF), which has been set up in ADRI by the Government of Bihar as a dedicated centre for research on public finance. He is the best-known expert on the politics and economics of Bihar. His research focuses on the structure of the Bihar economy as well as on various development issues in Bihar with a political economy perspective. He is an economist by profession. He has spent many years studying Bihar.
Dr. Gupta was a Member of the high level Committee for Evolving a Composite Development Index for the States, headed by Raghuram Rajan (currently the RBI Governor). He has given his thoughtful note of dissent in the Committee report. Sections of the media have highly praised his correct and honest views about the allegedly flawed Index developed by the Committee. Dr Gupta has worked on various research projects with the Institute of Development Studies, Sussex; International Labour Organisation, World Bank and London School of Economics. He has held advisory positions in various committees.
Dr. Gupta was a director of the Andhra Bank until his term expired and Member Executive Committee, National Literacy Mission(NLM) - India, Government of India, Ministry of HRD, New Delhi.

</doc>
<doc id="19480177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480177" title="Hog Island (Tasmania)">
Hog Island (Tasmania)

Hog Island is a small island nature reserve, with an area of 0.35 ha, in south-eastern Australia. It is part of the Sloping Island Group, lying close to the south-eastern coast of Tasmania around the Tasman and Forestier Peninsulas.
Fauna.
Recorded breeding seabird and wader species are Pacific Gull, Kelp Gull, Sooty Oystercatcher and Caspian Tern.

</doc>
<doc id="19480185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480185" title="Seanan O'Duchon">
Seanan O'Duchon

Seanan O'Duchon (born 1969 in Dublin) is a former Irish football player who played as a full back.
He began his career at Wayside Celtic F.C. in 1989 and signed for Shamrock Rovers F.C. in 1992 under Ray Treacy.
He made his debut in the first game of the 1992/93 season on the 30th of August [http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/archive/1992/0831/Pg015.html#Ar01503:5777665AA77D4C77754FF78D4CC84F4F985F5BB7665C977D4C77E84D57FF4D57E84D77FF6F98817048927048817058927058817408926F989A7048AB70489A7058AB70589A72D8AB72C89A7418AB].
O'Duchon scored his only goal for the Hoops in Dundalk on the 9th of October [http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/archive/1992/1010/Pg017.html#Ar01705:07828813B2DF0D93AF1313CD0D33DD1043F510A4C31394DB0E64F411750C0AB5980DB5AF0695FA09A61107667C0A66940DE68D10F6A50E36CD1166E51176CE1196E60B97560EF7680573B10D23CE05B3DD0BB3F50647560AC768].
He made 10 League appearances in his debut season but did not figure at all when Rovers won the League of Ireland Championship the following season. In 1994/95 he made 12 total appearances which included 1 appearance in the UEFA Cup [http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/archive/1994/0824/Pg015.html#Ar01501:0710781DC1181DC0751F511510616313617B13916313B17B11B1FD14B21526517D2981951F61EE2262063E910F43D13D60D13C63C15455A15D58917436B10F3E113D].
Overall he made 28 total appearances for the Hoops in 3 years.
He moved back to Wayside in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="19480186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480186" title="Sebben, crudele">
Sebben, crudele

Sebben, crudele (Although, cruel love) is an aria from Antonio Caldara's 1710 opera "La costanza in amor vince l'inganno" (Faithfulness in love conquers treachery). Although the opera itself has been rarely performed in modern times, "Sebben, crudele" remains a popular concert aria. It has been recorded by Cecilia Bartoli, Beniamino Gigli and Janet Baker, amongst others.
Libretto.
Sebben, crudele 
mi fai languir,
Sempre fedele
ti voglio amar.
Con la lunghezza
del mio servir
la tua fierezza
sapro stancar
Although, cruel love,
you make me languish,
I will always
love you true.
With the patience
of my serving
I will be able to tire out
your pride.
translation: copyright Bertram Kottmann
source: http://www.recmusic.org/lieder/get_text.html?TextId=22466

</doc>
<doc id="19480187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480187" title="PTFE structured packing">
PTFE structured packing

PTFE Structured Packing refers to a range of specially designed materials for use in absorption and distillation columns and chemical reactors. PTFE Structured packing typically consist of thin corrugated PTFE Sheets arranged in a way that they force fluids to take complicated paths through the column, thereby creating a large surface area for contact between different phases.

</doc>
<doc id="19480188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480188" title="Graham O'Keeffe">
Graham O'Keeffe

Graham O'Keeffe (born in Dublin) is a former Irish football player who played as a full back.
He joined Shamrock Rovers from University College Dublin A.F.C. in 2001 and made his debut on the 21st of July 2002 [http://www.shamrockrovers.ie/reports/vlongford210702.htm].
Made 12 total appearances for the Hoops that season including 2 in the UEFA Cup.
Made only 2 League Cup appearances in the 2003 season before being loaned out to Monaghan United.
Signed for Athlone Town A.F.C. in March 2004 where he remained for 2 seasons. Scored one league goal for Athlone in 2004 [http://www.athlonetownfc.ie/blog/?page_id=46.

</doc>
<doc id="19480194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480194" title="Brian Tyrrell">
Brian Tyrrell

Brian Tyrrell (died 19 April 2009) was an Irish football player who played as a forward.
Career.
Tyrrell was born in Dublin and signed for Shamrock Rovers in 1961. In September 1963 he emigrated to New York City along with Tony O'Connell. He made 2 appearances in the Inter-Cities Fairs Cup against previous winners Real Zaragoza in 1965. Within days of winning the 1966 FAI Cup he signed for Australian side Sydney United. Tyrrell returned home to sign for Drogheda United in October 1967. He died on 19 April 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19480195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480195" title="2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup – Women's 1500 metres">
2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup – Women's 1500 metres

The 1500 metres distance for women in the 2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup was contested over six races on six occasions, out of a total of nine World Cup occasions for the season, with the first occasion taking place in Berlin, Germany, on 7–9 November 2008, and the final occasion taking place in Salt Lake City, United States, on 6–7 March 2009.
Kristina Groves of Canada successfully defended her title from the previous season, while Daniela Anschütz-Thoms of Germany came second, and Christine Nesbitt of Canada, the previous season's runner-up, came third.
Final standings.
"Standings as of 8 March 2009 (end of the season)."

</doc>
<doc id="19480203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480203" title="Toyota Technology Challenge">
Toyota Technology Challenge

The Toyota Technology Challenge is an environmentally friendly engineering and technology competition for young people in the United Kingdom. The competition has been developed by Toyota Manufacturing UK in partnership with Rapid Electronics.
Competition being updated for 2012-2013.
The TTC has been running for over 10 years now (May 2012). Toyota Motor Manufacturing (UK) Ltd are looking into improvements that will make it easier for schools to compete against each other and reduce the workload on schools entering. From 1 May 2012 to 1 June 2012 a short survey is available at http://www.surveymonkey.com/s/C6HK2SW to gauge opinions of the TTC and also other educational 'car' based competitions. This suvey will help shape the TTC competition in future years
Purpose.
The challenge is targeted at pupils in Science and Technology at Key Stages 3 and 4 (aged 11–16) of the National Curriculum. Teams of three to five pupils are asked to design and build an environmentally friendly model vehicle using either solar power or PIC microcontroller technology. The competition offers students the chance to put their electronics and engineering skills into practice. Pupils are encouraged to consider the environmental impact of their creations and the potential use of recycled materials.
Challenge stages.
The challenge consists of three stages: the submission of a project folder, Regional Finals and the National Final. Once registered into the competition, schools receive a free kit containing all the electronic components necessary to build a vehicle. Teams can earn extra marks by making their vehicle more environmentally friendly, improving its performance and creating a team identity.
The winners of the Regional Finals win £250 for their schools and qualify for the National Final, which takes place at the manufacturing plant of Toyota Manufacturing UK at Burnaston, Derbyshire. The winners of the National Final receive £750 for their schools and a European holiday.
Criteria.
Contestants in the solar power category must create a vehicle which illustrates the idea of a car of the future, capable of harnessing solar energy, storing it and releasing it under controlled conditions. The vehicle must include recycled or recyclable components or materials within its design. 
The PIC microcontroller teams design and build a program-controlled environmentally friendly model vehicle, using a PIC microcontroller to provide in-built intelligence so that it can automatically avoid obstacles on a track. The vehicle must include recycled or recyclable components within its design.
Winners.
The 2010 winners were:

</doc>
<doc id="19480204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480204" title="Souvenirs from Earth">
Souvenirs from Earth

Souvenirs from earth is an independent TV station broadcasting a 24/7 program of art films and video art.
The station continually plays short art films and video art; computer generated artworks and artworks originating from live action footage are of about equal number.
Close to the ideas of Nam June Paik and Brian Eno, the concept was first presented at the Institute of Contemporary Arts in 1998 and at the Venice Biennale in 1999.
The program finally went on air in 2006. The Station has a permanent residence at the bar of Palais de Tokyo in Paris.
The Station is available on the French and German Cable television networks. Artists and filmmakers are invited to submit their works.

</doc>
<doc id="19480213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480213" title="Stanley Mitchell">
Stanley Mitchell

Stanley Mitchell (12 March 1932, Clapton, London — 16 October 2011, Highbury, London) was a British translator, academic, and author, noted for his English verse translation of Alexander Pushkin's Russian verse novel "Eugene Onegin".
Life and works.
Stanley Mitchell was born in London of immigrant Jewish parents in a family in which Yiddish was often spoken. His father was born in the Ukraine and, his mother's parents in Belarus. He attended Christ College School in Finchley, North London, which included a period of evacuation to Biggleswade during World War II.
He did national service during which he learnt German and Russian and went on to read modern languages at Lincoln College Oxford specialising in French, German and Russian. 
His specialist subjects were Russian literature and art, comparative literature, art history and cultural studies. He held teaching posts at the universities of Birmingham, Essex, Sussex, San Diego California, McGill Montreal, Dar es Salaam Tanzania. Polytechnic of Central London (latterly University of Westminster) and Camberwell School of Art. At Essex he took an active part in the student protests of May 1968, participating in teach-ins as part of the "Free University of Essex".
He was Emeritus Professor of aesthetics at the University of Derby and held an Honorary Senior Research Fellowship in the Art History department at University College London.
Mitchell was committed to marxist left-wing politics. He left the Communist party after the Hungarian Uprising of 1956 and the Suez crisis of the 1950s. He became involved in what became known as the New Left, publishing articles in "New Left Review" from the 1960s on.
He published translations of works by Georg Lukács, "The Historical Novel" in 1962, Walter Benjamin, "Understanding Brecht" in 2003, and Alexander Pushkin. His life's work was a translation into English verse of Pushkin's Russian verse novel "Eugene Onegin", commenced in 1966 and published in 2008. In this he has been praised for capturing not only the precise meaning, but also the wit, the grace and the constantly varying intonations of Pushkin's voice. He was working on a translation of Pushkin's poem "The Bronze Horseman" at the time of his death. He struggled with bipolar disorder and at one time feared it would prevent him from completing a major work.
Stanley Mitchell married Hannah Brandstein in 1957, who died in 1994 ; they had one daughter and one son.

</doc>
<doc id="19480245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480245" title="2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup – Men's 1500 metres">
2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup – Men's 1500 metres

The 1500 metres distance for men in the 2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup was contested over six races on six occasions, out of a total of nine World Cup occasions for the season, with the first occasion taking place in Berlin, Germany, on 7–9 November 2008, and the final occasion taking place in Salt Lake City, United States, on 6–7 March 2009.
Shani Davis of the United States defended his title from the previous season, while fellow American Trevor Marsicano came second, and Håvard Bøkko of Norway came third.
On the last competition weekend of the season, Davis set a new world record of 1:41.80.
Final standings.
"Standings as of 7 March 2009 (end of the season)."

</doc>
<doc id="19480264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480264" title="FC Lienden">
FC Lienden

FC Lienden is a football club from Lienden, the Netherlands. The club, established on August 1, 1930, currently plays in the Topklasse. 
In recent years, the club saw a rise through the Dutch football pyramid, upunder the guidance of former professional player Hans Kraay, Jr., who served as head coach from 2004 to 2011.
On 12 November 2008 the club became famous nationwide by defeating Eredivisie squad Vitesse by 1-0 in the third round of the Dutch domestic cup. In the round of 16 they were defeated 2-0 by Roda JC after extra time. 
In 2010 the club was promoted to the Topklasse, the newly established semi-professional Dutch third tier.

</doc>
<doc id="19480281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480281" title="2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup – Men's 5000 and 10000 metres">
2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup – Men's 5000 and 10000 metres

The 5000 and 10000 metres distances for men in the 2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup were contested over six races on six occasions, out of a total of nine World Cup occasions for the season, with the first occasion taking place in Berlin, Germany, on 7–9 November 2008, and the final occasion taking place in Salt Lake City, United States, on 6–7 March 2009.
Sven Kramer of the Netherlands won the cup, while the defending champion, Håvard Bøkko of Norway, came second, and Bob de Jong of the Netherlands came third.
Final standings.
"Standings as of 8 March 2009 (end of the season)."

</doc>
<doc id="19480288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480288" title="Mark Meadows">
Mark Meadows

Mark Meadows may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19480302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480302" title="Haaglandia">
Haaglandia

VV Haaglandia is an association football club from Rijswijk, the Netherlands.
The club was established on July 1, 2005, through a merger of amateur sides RVC/Rijswijk (who merged years earlier themselves) and FC Kranenburg. They currently play in the Topklasse, the third tier of Dutch football.
On the 22nd of September 2009, in a Dutch Cup match against Excelsior Rotterdam, they drew 6-6 but lost on penalties.

</doc>
<doc id="19480341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480341" title="ENBau">
ENBau

ENBau is an initiative of Swiss universities for training in sustainable building with the goal of resource efficiency of buildings in the areas of energy, water, materials and processes.
At the same time it is the goal of the participation of the Swiss Confederation to the sustainability of this initiative design skills in planning, construction and operation of real estate to promote and reinforce the building as a system is implemented. "ENBau" is the abbreviation for energy and sustainability in construction.
Organisation.
The initiative was founded in 2007 from the University Lucerne (HSLU) together with the Berne University of Applied Sciences, University of Applied Sciences Northwestern Switzerland (FHNW), Zurich University of Applied Sciences (ZHAW) and the University of Applied Sciences Chur (HTW Chur). Participation is also given from the Conference of Cantonal Energy Directors Switzerland (EnDK) and the Swiss Federal Office of Energy (BFE) in Berne. President of the leading Cooperation Council is Prof. Peter Schürch; director of the ENBau office for sustainable construction at University Lucerne (HSLU) is Christoph Wagener Ph.D..
Programme.
The aim of the initiative ENBau is a broad-based education campaign at higher levels in sustainable building, energy efficiency, renewable energies and the reduction of CO2 emissions based on the strategy of the 2000-watt society, the Swiss commitment to the Kyoto Protocol and the vision of the Green Building.
The organization of the study-programmes will be implemented through various modules, the academic qualifications are for the individual modules the CAS-degree (Certificate of Advanced Studies) and above all a "Master of Advanced Studies (MAS) in sustainable building." The individual modules are:

</doc>
<doc id="19480346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480346" title="Caro Niederer">
Caro Niederer

"Caro Niederer" (born in Zürich 1963) is a contemporary artists who lives and works in Zürich.
Niederer works in a variety of media. Her work encompasses techniques such as painting, photography, video as well as silk tapestries. Niederer is, along with Pipilotti Rist and Sylvie Fleury, one of the most popular contemporary female Swiss artists. Human day-to-day situations from her private life and her immediate environment are the source for most of Niederer's works. These personal snapshots are then re-worked in paintings or form the template for huge hand knotted silk carpets, which the artist gets produced in China. The transformation of an image through its replication in another media is a core theme of Niederer's work. In an ongoing photo series called Interieurs Niederer photographs her sold works in situ in their new owners' homes and offices.
Recent major museums exhibitions include CAC Malaga (2006), Museum Haus Lange, Krefeld (2006), Douglas Hyde Gallery, Dublin (2005), Ikon Gallery, Birmingham (2005) and Kunstmuseum St. Gallen (2004).

</doc>
<doc id="19480347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480347" title="Arvind Narayan Das">
Arvind Narayan Das

Arvind Narayan Das (popularly known as Arvind N. Das) was a social scientist, journalist, activist and a documentary filmmaker from Bihar.
Arvind N. Das was influenced by Naxalbari, the peasant rebellion, while he was a student at St. Stephen's College, Delhi in late 1960s. According to Journalist Harsh Sethi - "Rarely before, or since, at least in post-Independence India, had otherwise comfortably placed students taken the cause of the underdog to heart. Among those who were permanently marked by the experience of the ‘spring thunder’ was Arvind N. Das."
His experiences in the period he spent underground as part of the Naxalites movement, shaped most of his life thereafter. He joined The Times of India as the research editor and pioneered the books that The Times of India group produced on its sesquicentennial celebrations. In 1994 he moved out of The Times of India and helped co-found Asia Pacific Communication Associates Pvt. Ltd. (APCA), along with Dileep Padgaonkar, Anikendra Nath Sen and Darryl D'Monte. In 1995 he embarked on a journey which took him around India for an 18 part documentary called India Invented. This serial was inspired by D.D. Kosambi's vision of Indian history. This documentary which took more than 2 years to make was probably a defining moment of Arvind Das's career. He was also the founder editor of Biblio, a review of books.
At his sudden death due to heart attack in 2000, Indian journalist Dileep Padgaonkar wrote, "But Arvind's real obsession, the one that shaped his thinking, guided his written output and nourished his conversations, was his native Bihar. It can be said without exaggeration that no contemporary Indian thinker has spoken and written about the glorious past, the dismal present and potential for a great future of this state with such lofty eloquence as he did. In his eyes, Bihar was a metaphor for India itself. At a pinch, he would have deemed it to be the very center of the universe. While he loathed its venal, caste-ridden, ineffective governance, the violent nature of its society, its decrepit intellectual and cultural life and the slothful ways of its elite, he never missed an opportunity to recall its rich cultural and spiritual legacy, the noble character of its long suffering people and the revolutionary potential of its youth. Two of his books - "The Republic of Bihar" and "Changel: The Biography of a Village" - bear vivid testimony to what the state meant to him."

</doc>
<doc id="19480361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480361" title="Theater Osnabrück">
Theater Osnabrück

Theater Osnabrück is a German theater in Osnabrück, Germany. It operates under the auspices of the "Städtische Bühnen Osnabrück gGmbH". The primary performance venues are the "Theater am Domhof" (seating capacity 642) and the "emma-theater" (seating capacity 96).
The roots of the company date back to 1771, with theatrical presentations at the Schloss Osnabrück. In 1780, productions shifted to two former aristocratic residences. Albert Lortzing had an official affiliation with the company from 1827 to 1833. In 1832, the city of Osnabrück took over the complex as its first municipal theatre.
From 1905 to 1909, the main theatre was built. On 29 September 1909, Julius Caesar was the first play to be staged at the newly completed theatre. The "Domhof" building suffered damage from bombing in 1945 during World War II. British military authorities banned theatrical performances after the war, lifting the ban in July 1945. Reconstruction and restoration of the "Domhof" began in 1949, and was completed in 1950.
Since 2005, Holger Schultze has served as "Intendant" of the theatre. Since 2004, the company's "Generalmusikdirektor" (GMD) has been Hermann Bäumer.

</doc>
<doc id="19480386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480386" title="Avon River (Wollongong)">
Avon River (Wollongong)

Avon River, a perennial river of the Hawkesbury-Nepean catchment, is located in the Southern Highlands and Macarthur districts of New South Wales, Australia.
Course.
The Avon River rises on the western slopes of the Illawarra escarpment, near Calderwood within the Wollongong local government area and flows generally north, reaching its confluence with the Cordeaux River, south of Wilton. The river descends over its course.
The river is impounded by Lake Avon, the largest of the four reservoirs within the Upper Nepean Scheme that supplies potable water for greater metropolitan Sydney. Located near Bargo, approximately south-west of Sydney, construction of the dam wall on the Avon River commenced in 1921 and was completed in 1927. In 1963, the water supply was diverted to meet the increasing needs of the Illawarra region and now supplies all the Wollongong area.

</doc>
<doc id="19480387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480387" title="2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup – Women's 3000 and 5000 metres">
2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup – Women's 3000 and 5000 metres

The 3000 and 5000 metres distances for women in the 2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup were contested over six races on six occasions, out of a total of nine World Cup occasions for the season, with the first occasion taking place in Berlin, Germany, on 7–9 November 2008, and the final occasion taking place in Salt Lake City, United States, on 6–7 March 2009.
Martina Sáblíková of the Czech Republic successfully defended her title from the previous season, while Daniela Anschütz-Thoms of Germany came second, and Kristina Groves of Canada came third.
Final standings.
"Standings as of 7 March 2009 (end of the season)."

</doc>
<doc id="19480402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480402" title="Asian Paints Sharad Shamman">
Asian Paints Sharad Shamman

Asian Paints Sharad Shamman is an excellence award given to the best decorated Durga Puja Pandal in Kolkata during the festival in October. Since its inception in 1985, Asian Paints Sharad Shamman has been heralded as the true achievement for excellence in decorating the abodes for Goddess Durga. As time has progressed there have been numerous awards being given by many other companies for creative excellence, but still Asian Paints Sharad Shamman is considered the most important award and the rightful judgement for excellence. It is a trend setter for all the later awards.
About the Award.
"Asian Paints Sharad Shamman" was started in 1985 as a means for awarding the best decorated puja pandal during Durga Puja in Kolkata. Sharad means "Autumn (as the festival takes place at that season) " and Shamman means "Award/Respect", and was sponsored by Asian Paints, hence the name Asian Paints Sharad Shamman. Out of about 3000 puja pandals in Kolkata, few get shortlisted and among them six are given the awards.
Award Categories.
Total six awards are given to six puja pandals. When Sharad Shamman started in 1985 only three awards were given to three Best Puja pandals. From 1994 a special award called "Discovery of the Year" was introduced to honour a completely unknown pandal for its excellence. This 4 categories were continued for the next six years. But in 2000 Asian Paints felt the awards were too similar, there was no demarcation to identify Best Decoration of the pandal or the Best looking Idol. Hence in 2000 two new categories were introduced - "Creative Excellence", which focussed on the Best decorated Pandal, and "Best Artisan", given to the artist of the Best looking Idol. At present these six categories represent Asian Paints Sharad Shamman. Some of the parameters for awarding the pandals include the overall beauty and grandeur of a pandal based on a chosen theme, the beauty of the Durga protima, how well the sanctum of the protima has been shown, and the finesse in the work done on the pandal.
Best Puja (Shrestho Pujo).
years active (1985–present)
This award was the first award given when APSS started in 1985. Three puja pandals are selected based on everything, i.e., Decorative excellence, best looking idol, ambiance, lighting etc. No demarcations are there like winner, first runner-up: instead all three pujas are considered to be the "Best Puja". Normally winners in these category used to be the well-known Pujas, but nowadays many unknown Pujas have cropped up with the technical excellence to bag this award. At present, Durga Pujas in Kolkata are more "theme" oriented. Some specific theme like Madhubani art or earthen cups or a place like Kerala, will be the base for the decoration. In 2001, "Bosepukur Sitalamandir" decorated its pandal completely of earthen cups and was so popular that it won the Best Puja award hands down. There have been many Pujas which has won this award many times. "Adi Ballygunge" leads the list with five wins. A puja, once been declared a winner in this list cannot be declared in the "Discovery of the Year" award though it can win "Creative Excellence" or "Best Artisan" award.Most notable "BEST PUJA" till date is the Nabodaya pallimangal Durgapuja 2000.It had been designed with the best international influence on this Bengali ritual by artist Saumya Bandyopadhyay till date.
Discovery of the Year (Bochorer Bismoy).
years active (1994–present)
"Discovery of the Year" was first introduced in 1994 as a means to introduce a previously unknown and undiscovered Puja Pandal. Many unknown Pujas have cropped up on this list which are extremely popular in Kolkata. Notable among them are Barisha Sahajatri, Karbagan, Shivmandir Sarbojanin etc. Laketown Netaji Sporting Club modeled their pandal totally on a village situated on a hill and won this award in 2003. It has also happened many times that a Puja Pandal has already been popular in Kolkata in the previous year, but wins the "Discovery" award next year. In that case logically that is not a "Discovery of the Year". A Puja, once winning this title, can't win it again.
Rammohan Sammilani won the discovery of the year in 1994.
Creative Excellence (Nobbo Nakshi).
years active (2000–present)
Started in 2000, "Creative Excellence" or Nobbo Nakshi in Bengali, is given as a means to felicitate the pandal with the best decoration. Pandals which has won the "Best Puja" and the "Discovery of the Year" can also win this award. "Darpanarayan Tagore Street" decorated their pandal entirely out of cowdung, which won them the first "Creative Excellence" award in 2000. Puja clubs can win this award anytime irrespective of whether they are a previously unknown puja or a famous one. Judges look for the intricacies and the details woven into creating the concept truly, and depicting them with technical brilliance.
Best Artisan (Shrestho Protimashilpi).
years active (2000–present)
Introduced in 2000, Best Artisan award is given to the maker of the Best Idol. Judges look for beauty, peace, strength, prowess in the idol and how good the idol can blend with the theme for the puja. Notable among the winners are Sanatan Dinda who has won 3 Best Artisan award, one for "Hatibagan Sarbojanin" in 2000 and two for "Nalin Sarkar Street" in 2004 and 2006, Shri Pradip Rudra Paul who won 2 awards for "Behala Adarshapally" and Shri Purnendu Dey who won two awards, one for "Chakraberia Sarbojanin" in 2007 and for "Barisha Club" in 2008. Behala Adarshapally won both the categories of Best Puja and Best Artisan in 2005.
The Award.
The statuette given for Asian Paints Sharad Shamman looks like a conch shell. It is a small silver structure(previously gold) which is situated on a pedestal. This is enclosed in a glass box and handed over to the winners along with a cheque. Variations include for the statuette for "Creative 
Excellence" award. This includes a statue of an earthen pot with the traditional coconut and mango leaves on it. This is also made of silver.
Asian Paints Logo and slogan.
For Asian Paints Sharad Shamman, a logo of a young boy playing the "dhak"(drum) is shown. Also among the logos are a face of Maa Durga in monochrome line drawing, little kids playing with balloons etc.
The slogan for the award is "Shuddha suchi, sustha ruchi'r sera bachai" which means "The best from the artistically efficient and culturally significant", as described by the late poet Shri Subhash Mukhopadhay. From that point this has been the main slogan for the award.
Judges and judgement.
The judges for the award are chosen from a who's who of the Begali Literati and include artists, art critics, writers, actors, politicians, models, singers, poets etc. Notable among those chosen over the years are artist Shuvaprasanna, actors Sabyasachi, Moon Moon Sen, magician P.C. Sorcar, vocalist Bratati etc. Puja pandals are requested to submit their application by the 3rd day of the Puja. The judges go around the town on the fifth and sixth day and visit all the different Puja pandals. On the seventh day 12 finalists are short-listed and their names are declared. Finally, on the evening of the eighth day, the winners in the different categories are declared and are handed over with their trophies.
List of winners.
The following is the list of winners for Asian Paints Sharad Shamman from the past 28 years.
Most wins:
The collective most wins are by the following Pujas:
Among the artisans "Sanatan Dinda" leads with five wins, one for Hatibagan Sarbojanin, another for Barisha Club and three for Nalin Sarkar Street.

</doc>
<doc id="19480408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480408" title="Gershon Dua-Bogen">
Gershon Dua-Bogen

Gershon Dua-Bogen (, b. 1892, d. 1948), alias 'Admoni', was a Polish-Jewish communist. He was an active militant of the Communist Party of Poland (KPP) and of the Polish Workers' Party (PPR). He emigrated to Palestine, and became the general secretary of the Socialist Workers Party. He was expelled from Palestine for his political activities. During the Spanish Civil War, he served as a political commissar in the base of the International Brigades in Albacete.

</doc>
<doc id="19480411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480411" title="2002 Chatham Cup">
2002 Chatham Cup

The 2002 Chatham Cup was the 75th annual nationwide knockout football competition in New Zealand.
Up to the last 16 of the competition, the cup was run in three regions (northern, central, and southern), with an open draw from the quarter-finals on. The competition comprised a preliminary round and four rounds proper followed by quarter-finals, semi-finals, and a final. The competition was held considerably earlier in the year than normal, with the final being held in July rather than September. In all, 136 teams took part in the competition.
The nine eligible National League clubs entered the tournament at the third round stage. One National League side, Canterbury United, was ineligible, as it was an amalgamated team formed from several clubs within the Canterbury region, each of which competed in the Chatham Cup individually.
The 2002 final.
Napier City Rovers took the final 2-0 over Tauranga City United.
The Jack Batty Memorial Cup is awarded to the player adjudged to have made to most positive impact in the Chatham Cup final. The winner of the 2002 Jack Batty Memorial Cup was Leon Birnie of Napier City Rovers.

</doc>
<doc id="19480417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480417" title="Barrow Blitz">
Barrow Blitz

The Barrow Blitz is the name given to the Luftwaffe bombings of Barrow-in-Furness, United Kingdom during World War II. It took place primarily during April and May 1941, although the earliest Luftwaffe bombing occurred in September 1940. VSEL shipyard was the main target for bombing alongside Barrow's steelworks which were formerly the largest in the world.
Prelude.
Many Barrovians believe the first sign of German interest of the town was in May 1936, when the Hindenburg Zeppelin flew very low and slowly over Barrow, which locals and government officials alike believed was spying on the shipyard, although it claimed to be simply carrying passengers on a luxury trip. The town, with a population of around 75,000 in 1941, was targeted by the Luftwaffe mainly for its shipbuilding industry (similar to the Clydebank Blitz) which was one of the most sophisticated in the world and built many submarines and ships for the Royal Navy.
Artillery and defences.
During the Second World War, Walney Island was home to two of the country's many coastal artillery installations (Hilpsord Fort and Fort Walney), numerous pillboxes can to this day be found littered across the Walney coastline. They were used as lookouts and contained rifles and light machine guns that could be used to defend Barrow against the Luftwaffe. The entrance to a large underground air-raid shelter that was used by shipyard workers can be found in the car park of the Waterfront Barrow-in-Furness development. A large unit of the Royal Air Force was based at Barrow/Walney Island Airport which was expanded during the war in an effort to aid Britain's air defences.
1941 raids.
The difficulty of solely targeting Barrow's shipyard meant that many residential neighbourhoods were bombed instead; 83 civilians were killed, 330 injured, and over 10,000 houses were damaged or destroyed during the Blitz, about 25 percent of the town's housing stock. Surrounding towns and villages were often mistaken for Barrow and were attacked instead, while many streets in Barrow were severely damaged. Bombing during mid-April 1941 caused significant damage to a central portion of Abbey Road, completely destroying the Waverley Hotel as well as Christ Church and the Abbey Road Baptist Church. The town's main public baths and Essoldo Theatre were also severely damaged, however they were repaired within years. Hawcoat Lane is a street that is most noted for taking a direct destructive hit in early May 1941. Barrow has been described as somewhat unprepared for the Blitz, as there were only enough public shelters for 5 percent of the town's population; some people who lived in the town centre were even forced to seek refuge in hedgerows on the outskirts of Barrow. This shortage of shelters was believed to have led to excessively high casualties. Two fire watchers were killed in May 1941 when the hammer head crane they were stationed in at Vickers Shipyard was bombed by the Luftwaffe. 
The headquarters of Barrow's anti-aircraft defences was in the Furness Abbey Hotel (now 'The Abbey Tavern'). A sandstone building next to the former railway station by the ruins of the abbey, in a valley screened by trees, it would seem to have been an unlikely target. In May 1941 it was attacked and badly damaged by the Luftwaffe. Barrow Central Station was heavily damaged on 7 May 1941; a First World War memorial located within it still bears the holes and gashes caused by the World War II bombings
Aftermath.
A local housewife, Nella Last wrote a diary of her everyday experiences on the home front during the war for the Mass-Observation project. Her memoirs were later adapted for television. Barrow's main war memorial is a cenotaph located in Barrow Park. It bears the names of hundreds of Barrovians who died in combat during various wars, including 616 in the First World War, 268 in the Second World War, and 6 in the Korean War. The Dock Museum in Hindpool contains an exhibit about the Barrow Blitz.
Timeline.
Timeline of events during the Barrow Blitz.

</doc>
<doc id="19480418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480418" title="Praxis effect">
Praxis effect

The Praxis effect (also known as the Praxis explosion or Praxis ring) is a special effect sometimes used in science fiction movies and other visual media. The effect is most commonly seen following the explosion of a large object in space — a ring or disc of matter or energy expanding out from the destroyed object. It was first used in the 1991 science fiction film "".
History.
The first acknowledged use of the effect was in the 1991 science fiction film "". The over-mined Klingon moon of Praxis (after which the effect was named) explodes and throws a ring-like shock wave through space, precipitating the events of the film. 
The same visual effect is seen in the background of the cover of the 1992 comic book "Supreme" #1.
A similar explosion with a horizontal shockwave is seen near the end of the 1994 film "Stargate", when Ra's starship is destroyed by a nuclear bomb.
A horizontal shockwave is seen edge-on near the end of the 1996 film "Independence Day", when the alien mother-ship is destroyed by a nuclear bomb.
The effect is seen twice in the 1997 Special Edition of ' during the explosions of Alderaan and the first Death Star. It is once again seen in the 1997 Special Edition of ' during the explosion of the second Death Star.
The effect is also seen near the end of the 1998 film "Armageddon", when the asteroid is split in half by a nuclear bomb.
Physics.
Astronomer Philip Plait has described the explosion and resultant shock wave as "the most dramatic effect ever filmed", but states that in reality it would be more likely for such the explosion seen in "Star Trek VI: The Undiscovered Country" to generate a spherical shock wave. He finds the effect to be more plausible when appearing in the Special Edition of ' during the explosion of the first Death Star, as an explosion traveling from the core of the space station would reach the equatorial trench before the surface of the station and find no resistance at this point. The Praxis effect was perpendicular to the trench in this shot, instead of on the same plane. However, when the second Death Star explodes at the end of the Special Edition of ', the Praxis effect is on the same plane as the equatorial trench.

</doc>
<doc id="19480426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480426" title="WKE">
WKE

WKE (Woonwagenkamp Emmen ()) is a football club from Emmen in the Netherlands. WKE was founded on June 14, 1966 by residents of the local trailer park. The club won promotion to the hoofdklasse in 1981. Since 1981, WKE have been relegated to the Eerste Klasse in 1998 and 2004. WKE won the Sunday Hoofdklasse C title in the 2006-07 season and was nationwide amateur champion in 2008-09.
Most of their players have played for FC Emmen in their youth or are retired former professional football players.

</doc>
<doc id="19480430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480430" title="Hartwig Bleidick">
Hartwig Bleidick

Hartwig Bleidick (born 26 December 1944) is a former football defender.

</doc>
<doc id="19480435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480435" title="2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup – Women's team pursuit">
2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup – Women's team pursuit

The women's team pursuit in the 2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup was contested over three races on three occasions, out of a total of nine World Cup occasions for the season, with the first occasion taking place in Berlin, Germany, on 7–9 November 2008, and the last occasion involving the event taking place in Erfurt, Germany, on 30 January – 1 February 2009.
The Czech Republic won the cup, while the United States came second, and the Netherlands came third. The defending champions, Canada, ended up in eighth place.
Final standings.
"Standings as of 1 February 2009 (end of the season)."

</doc>
<doc id="19480436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480436" title="William Edwy Vine">
William Edwy Vine

William Edwy Vine (1873 to 1949), commonly known as W.E. Vine, was an English Biblical scholar, theologian, and writer, most famous for "Vine's Expository Dictionary of New Testament Words".
Life.
Vine was born in the second quarter of 1873, in Blandford Forum, Dorset. His father ran the Mount Radford School, which moved, in 1875, to Exeter; and, it was in this location that Vine was raised. He became a Christian at an early age and was baptised in the Plymouth Brethren assembly in Fore Street, Exeter. At 17, Vine became a teacher at his father's school, before moving to Aberystwyth to study at the University College of Wales. He later completed his education at the University of London, receiving a BA and MA in Ancient Classics, in 1906.
Vine married Phoebe Baxendale, in the 3rd quarter of 1899, in Lancashire – Phoebe's home county. In 1909, he accepted a job at the office of Echoes of Service, a missionary-support service and magazine, based in Bath. In 1911, the service moved permanently to Widcombe Crescent, Bath. The 1911 census shows William as the Vice Principal of Mount Radford School in St Leonards, Exeter. Vine dedicated himself to his work with missionaries around the world and was firm in his doctrine and practice:
"In the mind of God the grand ultimate object of missionary activity is the planting of churches.. The Head of the church who gave His instructions to His Apostles.. .on record for us in the Scriptures, gave therein a body of truth and principles adapted to every age, generation and condition. The pattern is complete, and exhibits the divine wisdom in every part. Human tampering has only marred it in its working... It is incumbent upon all who profess the Christian faith to respect the plainly revealed intentions of the Head of the church, instead of burdening it with doctrines and regulations of human fabrication."
At this time, Vine was an Elder in the assembly at Manvers Hall, Bath, a position that he held for 40 years. He was diagnosed with heart disease, in 1927, but lived until 1949.
Writing.
Vine began his writing career in 1905, when he conducted a correspondence course, along with C.F. Hogg, for 1 Thessalonians and Galatians. He is best known for his work "Vine's Expository Dictionary of New Testament Words", first published in four parts, in 1940. This lexicon traces the words of the King James Version of the Holy Bible back to their Ancient koine Greek root words and to the meanings of the words for that day. Vine also wrote a number of commentaries and books on biblical subjects.

</doc>
<doc id="19480463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480463" title="2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup – Men's team pursuit">
2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup – Men's team pursuit

The men's team pursuit in the 2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup was contested over three races on three occasions, out of a total of nine World Cup occasions for the season, with the first occasion taking place in Berlin, Germany, on 7–9 November 2008, and the last occasion involving the event taking place in Erfurt, Germany, on 30 January – 1 February 2009.
Canada won the cup, while Italy came second, and Japan came third. The defending champions, the Netherlands, ended up in seventh place.
Final standings.
"Standings as of 1 February 2009 (end of the season)."

</doc>
<doc id="19480476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480476" title="Marcus Lurius">
Marcus Lurius

Marcus Lurius was a 1st-century BC Roman admiral. Lurius is best known for holding an important command in the Battle of Actium. 
Around 40 BC Marcus Lurius, as governor of Sardinia, fought off an invasion of the island led by Menas, an admiral serving under Sextus Pompey (son of Pompey the Great) who ruled Sicily at the time. However Menas returned later and turned the tables on Lurius, defeating him in battle and forcing him to abandon Sardinia.
In 31 BC at the pivotal naval Battle of Actium (September 2) Octavian entrusted Lurius with command of the right wing of the fleet. After Mark Antony's admiral Gaius Sosius launched a surprise attack on the centre of Octavian's fleet (commanded by Lucius Arruntius) and Antony and Cleopatra had escaped through a gap in the centre, Marcus Lurius joined with Agrippa to destroy most of Antony's fleet.

</doc>
<doc id="19480491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480491" title="Yankton Police Department">
Yankton Police Department

The Yankton Police Department is the municipal police agency in Yankton, South Dakota, which has jurisdiction in the City of Yankton. It was created to protect the lives, property and constitutional rights of people in Yankton. It currently has an authorized strength of 38 sworn personnel.
Organization.
ADMINISTRATION
DETECTIVES BUREAU
UNIFORM POLICE BUREAU
There are three shifts, each with one Sergeant, one Corporal and five sworn officers.
POLICE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION
Source: 

</doc>
<doc id="19480501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480501" title="New Zealand School of Music">
New Zealand School of Music

The New Zealand School of Music (NZSM), located in Wellington, New Zealand, is a joint venture between Victoria University of Wellington and Massey University. Its main goal is to provide a top quality tertiary teaching faculty with programmes in Classical Performance, Jazz Performance, Music Studies, Composition and Sonic Arts. NZSM also provides the only postgraduate degree course in Music Therapy available in New Zealand/Aotearoa 
As well as the full tertiary programme nd full range of degrees, students at a pre-tertiary level can also gain the benefit of the expert tuition and resources brought together by NZSM. The NZSM Young Musician's Programme provides tuition and ensemble performance opportunities for school-aged students and the NZSM Foundation Course in Jazz is a pre-tertiary programme for school-leavers who wish to pursue Jazz studies but who are not yet ready for University.

</doc>
<doc id="19480502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480502" title="Probang">
Probang

A probang is a surgical tool 30 to 40 cm long consisting of a flexible rod with a sponge in the end used to remove foreign bodies or obstructions from the oesophagus. It was invented in the 17th century. 
In addition to their use in human surgery, probangs are also used by veterinarians on cattle, to reach obstructions and either force them along the oesophagus by (gently and carefully) using the probang as a ram or, by using a hollow probang into which a rod with a corkscrew is attached, extract objects such as pieces of potato or turnip too long for the paunch.

</doc>
<doc id="19480508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480508" title="Bountysource">
Bountysource

Bountysource is a website for open source bounties and since 2012 also for crowdfunding. Users (called "backers") can pledge money for tasks using micropayment services that open source software developers can pick up and solve to earn the money. It also allows large-scale fundraising for big improvements on the project. It integrates with GitHub using its bug tracker to check if the problem is resolved and connect the resolution with GitHub's pull-request system to identify the patch. When the users agree that they are satisfied and the project maintainer merged the proposed changes to the source-code, Bountysource will transfer the money acting as a trustee during the whole process.
History.
Bountysource was started in late 2003 according to its domain registration data. Bountysource mimicked other free software project management systems like SourceForge or trac at that time. It offered an Apache Subversion code repository to each project. The Content Management system used the textile markup language and a custom wiki-like system to allow for projects to have content displays as they see fit. Each project was given a subdomain on Bountysource, http://projectname.bountysource.com/. Bountysource provided a custom-built task tracker. The tracker allowed developers and project administrators to organize tasks into future release schedules, called roadmaps. Tasks could be assigned to specific developers, as well as have bounties placed on them. On May 8, 2006 Bountysource integrated a new custom-built SVN browser into the system. On May 11, 2006, Bountysource released their SVN browser, titled bsSvnBrowser, under the GNU General Public License. The initial idea was to open-source more portions of Bountysource as time went on and the code matured to be a true Open Source alternative to the proprietary SourceForge.net. The website was originally written in PHP, but as of March 18, 2006 it switched to Ruby on Rails. Development on Bountysource was stopped in March 2008.
It relaunched as a service using the GitHub-API in 2012 to focus solely on being a trustee for reverse bounties (Crowdfunding) that are collected through PayPal.

</doc>
<doc id="19480519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480519" title="Whiteville, Louisiana">
Whiteville, Louisiana

Whiteville is an unincorporated community in St. Landry Parish, Louisiana, United States. It is located approximately 20 miles north of Opelousas along Louisiana Highway 29.
The community is part of the Opelousas–Eunice Micropolitan Statistical Area.

</doc>
<doc id="19480531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480531" title="Ali'ioaiga Feturi Elisaia">
Ali'ioaiga Feturi Elisaia

Ali'ioaiga Feturi Elisaia, born in 1954, is a Samoan diplomat. He is Samoa's Permanent Representative to the United Nations.
Biography.
Elisaia obtained a postgraduate certificate in diplomacy from Oxford University, and also holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in political science and administration from the University of the South Pacific. He first served in the Samoan Mission to the United Nations in 1979. From 1979 to 1981, he was Acting Division Head, and then as Division Head, at the Economic and Aid Division of the Samoan Ministry of Foreign Affairs. From 1981 to 1984, he served as First Secretary at Samoa’s High Commission in New Zealand. He was Deputy Secretary for Foreign Affairs from 1984 to 1988, then co-director of the Hanns Seidel Foundation in Samoa from 1988 to 2001. From 2001 to 2003, he was Assistant Chief Executive Officer at the Samoan Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Elisaia was appointed Permanent Representative of Samoa to the United Nations in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="19480541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480541" title="Sloping Island">
Sloping Island

Sloping Island, incorporating the adjacent Sloping Reef, is an island nature reserve, with an area of 117 ha, in south-eastern Australia. It is part of the Sloping Island Group, lying close to the south-eastern coast of Tasmania around the Tasman and Forestier Peninsulas.
Fauna.
Recorded breeding seabird and wader species are Little Penguin, Short-tailed Shearwater, Pacific Gull, Sooty Oystercatcher and Pied Oystercatcher. Mammals present include Common Ringtail Possums and European Rabbits.

</doc>
<doc id="19480553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480553" title="Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1897–1900">
Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1897–1900

This is a list of members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly between the 20 January 1897 election and the 9 March 1900 election.
Party affiliations were relatively loose during the period, although a Liberal grouping had formed over the 1890s around Sir Edward Braddon, the Premier of Tasmania until 12 October 1899, and Andrew Inglis Clark. A separate grouping, generally described as Ministerial, supported Elliott Lewis, who was Premier for the final five months of the parliamentary term. As was common at such changes in Tasmanian politics, several Liberal MHAs affiliated with the new government by the time of the 1900 election.
The 1897 election was the first to use a limited version of the Hare-Clark system within Hobart and Launceston, which were given 6 and 4 seats respectively, while still using first past the post single-member constituencies elsewhere in the state. It was renewed and adjusted periodically until the 1909 election, when the entire State was redivided into five electorates using the Hare-Clark system.

</doc>
<doc id="19480589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480589" title="Climate of Budapest">
Climate of Budapest

The climate of Budapest is humid continental with warm or very warm summers. Winter (November until early March) can be cold and there is little sunshine. Snowfall is fairly frequent in most years, and nighttime temperatures of −15 °C (5 °F) are not uncommon from mid-December until mid-February. The spring months (March and April) see variable conditions, with a rapid increase in the average temperature. The weather in late March and April is often very agreeable during the day and fresh at night. Budapest's long summer - lasting from May until mid-September - is warm or very warm. Budapest has as much summer sunshine as many Mediterranean resorts. Sudden heavy showers also occur, particularly in May and June. The autumn in Budapest (mid-September until late October) is characterized by little rain and long sunny days with moderate temperatures.
Seasons.
Spring.
Spring is characterized by abundant sunshine and scattered showers. The temperature starts to rise markedly in April, highs usually reach the 25°C mark at the end of the month, though short cold spells with lows in the 0-5°C zone and ground frost may strike even in mid-May.
Summer.
In the summer, prolonged hot periods with highs between 32-35°C interchange with short cooler and wet periods following cold fronts from the West with highs between 18-25°C. Humidity is usually low in the summer, but may rise during more unsettled weather. In general the heat is dry, and nighttime temperatures are very pleasant especially in the residential suburbs. In the asphalt jungle of Pest, however, temperatures above 25°C at midnight are not uncommon. Thunderstorms, some of them violent with heavy gusts and torrential rainfall, are not rare. Budapest marks the northernmost point for hot summers on the continent. The highest temperature ever recorded was 40,7°C on July 20, 2007.
Autumn.
Highs can stay above 20°C until the end of October. Nights get colder and the first frost arrives usually in the second week of October. Short cool spells vary with the Indian Summer that can last for several weeks. November brings abundant rain, sometimes snow and a drastic fall in temperature (a 10°C fall throughout the month).
Winter.
Winters are variable and unpredictable. Westerly winds bring mild oceanic air with highs between 5-10°C, almost no frost and scattered rain or snow showers. Depressions moving in from the Mediterranean Sea can bring snowstorms with 20–40 cm falling in a single day, followed by cold air from Russia. Atlantic depressions and south wind can bring unusually warm weather with highs reaching 15°C even in January. The Siberian high brings every other year a sunny but very cold period lasting for a week or two with lows in the -15-20°C range. Anticyclones with centres above Western Europe produce cold inversion fog with no change in day and nighttime temperatures, they stay around or a bit under 0°C. The fog can last for weeks. Mediterranean depressions moving above the inversion fog layer can bring a day or two of freezing rain.

</doc>
<doc id="19480613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480613" title="Chopin, Louisiana">
Chopin, Louisiana

Chopin is an unincorporated community in Natchitoches Parish, Louisiana, United States. It is located approximately southeast of Natchitoches near the intersection of Interstate 49 (exit 113) and Louisiana Highway 490.
The community is part of the Natchitoches Micropolitan Statistical Area.

</doc>
<doc id="19480616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480616" title="Allen, Louisiana">
Allen, Louisiana

Allen is an unincorporated community in Natchitoches Parish, Louisiana, United States. It is located approximately 11 miles northwest of Natchitoches near the intersection of Interstate 49 (exit 148) and Louisiana Highway 485.
The community is part of the Natchitoches Micropolitan Statistical Area.

</doc>
<doc id="19480620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480620" title="Ajax, Louisiana">
Ajax, Louisiana

Ajax is an unincorporated community in Natchitoches Parish, Louisiana, United States. It is located approximately 17 miles northwest of Natchitoches along Louisiana Highway 174.
The community is part of the Natchitoches Micropolitan Statistical Area.
The community received its name after a naming committee was unable to come up with a suitable name. While they were talking about it, one of the men noticed a boiler plate with the name of Ajax Iron Works stamped on it. He said, "Lets just call it Ajax". The iron plate still exists and is on display in the Ajax Community Center at the intersection of Highways 174 and 487.
At one time Ajax had its own Post Office and school, but with the regional consolidations of these services over the years, neither exists today. Ajax receives mail through the Marthaville Post Office. Students go to the public schools at Marthaville or Natchitoches.
Currently Ajax has a gas station and RV park at the intersection of Highway 174 and I-49. A volunteer fire department, lodge, community center, and community church round out the non-residential buildings in Ajax.
There are no officially defined limits to what constitutes the community boundaries, but there are approximately 2 dozen residences within the several miles of Hwys 174 and 487 that are commonly considered to be part of Ajax. Population is estimated to be less than fifty.

</doc>
<doc id="19480640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480640" title="Nassau-Usingen">
Nassau-Usingen

Nassau-Usingen was a county of the Holy Roman Empire in the Upper Rhenish Circle that became a principality in 1688.
The origin of the county lies in the medieval county of Weilnau that was acquired by the counts of Nassau-Weilburg in 1602.
That county was divided in 1629 into the lines of Nassau-Weilburg, Nassau-Idstein and Nassau-Saarbrücken that was divided only 30 years later in 1659.
The emerging counties were Nassau-Saarbrücken, Nassau-Ottweiler and Nassau-Usingen. At the beginning of the 18th century 3 of the Nassau lines died out and Nassau-Usingen became their successor (1721 Nassau-Idstein, 1723 Nassau-Ottweiler und 1728 Nassau-Saarbrücken).
In 1735 Nassau-Usingen was divided again into Nassau-Usingen and Nassau-Saarbrücken. In 1797 Nassau-Usingen inherited Nassau-Saarbrücken.
On July 17, 1806 the counties of Nassau-Usingen and Nassau-Weilburg joined the Confederation of the Rhine. Under pressure from Napoleon both counties merged to become the Duchy of Nassau on August 30, 1806 under joint rule of Prince Frederick August of Nassau-Usingen and his younger cousin Prince Frederick William of Nassau-Weilburg. As Frederick August had no heirs he agreed that Frederick William should become sole ruler after his death. However Frederick William died from a fall on the stairs at Weilburg Castle on 9 January 1816 and it was his son William who became duke of a unified Nassau.

</doc>
<doc id="19480651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480651" title="Mercy Falls">
Mercy Falls

Mercy Falls is the third studio album by Swedish progressive metal band Seventh Wonder. It is a concept album, and tells the story of a victim of a car crash who awakes to find himself in the mysterious town of Mercy Falls, a fictional world he has dreamed up in his comatose state.
Plot / Story.
A man has a mysterious car accident, and falls into a coma. He is taken to a hospital by paramedics. The man, in his comatose state, dreams he is in a place called Mercy Falls. A few years after the accident, his wife comes to visit him (as she apparently has been doing constantly ever since that night). She comments that the doctors are still trying to wake him. She leaves his side, but turns the radio on to comfort her husband.
Within the man's mind, he dreams of a woman who lives in Mercy Falls, who constantly stays locked inside "the tall house", an empty mansion that the children fear to approach. He begins to realize that she is a reflection of himself, because he is trapped inside his own empty mind and completely isolated from those he loves. He believes that if he can meet this woman and help her to leave her mansion, he will be able to leave Mercy Falls himself and finally see his family again.
Back in the physical world, the father of the man signs a form to allow the man's son to donate bone marrow, in desperate attempts to heal him. This, apparently, is their last hope to try to awaken him.
Back in Mercy Falls, the townspeople prepare for a terrible storm that could destroy their village. (The storm, of course, is the doctors trying to cure the man using the bone marrow, therefore trying to destroy Mercy Falls.) The townspeople unite and build up defenses against the storm, and their town is saved. Therefore the medical procedure has failed.
The man's wife and the doctors give up hope. At the album's emotional climax, "One Last Goodbye", they turn off his life-support machines and assure him that his memory will live on. He passes from Mercy Falls into the afterlife, and as he is dying, he has a flashback which reveals a conversation he had with his wife several years ago in the car. She told him that her son was, in truth, not his. Shocked so suddenly, he crashes the car, bringing the timeline back to the beginning of the album. This explains why the bone marrow transplant from his son was unsuccessful.
The son struggles with the absence of his father and his mother. The mother appears to be struggling with the guilt and turns to alcohol. The son refers to it as the "muddy water". Not only did she cause the accident in the first place by telling the man that the son he thought he had was not his, but the attempts to bring him out of his coma also failed because of her infidelities. She lets her son go through the pain of a bone marrow transplant even though she knows that it wouldn't work. She continues to keep her infidelity a secret. 
The final song, "The Black Parade", tells of the man's experience passing into the afterlife.
Release and alternate versions.
The album was released on September 12, 2008. The band announced on their website that the first 1000 copies to be sold would be limited edition copies, with an alternative cover and a bonus DVD containing video footage from the recording sessions as well as interviews with all band members about the new album and private photos from the entire recording process.

</doc>
<doc id="19480655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480655" title="South Tetagouche, New Brunswick">
South Tetagouche, New Brunswick

South Tetagouche is an unincorporated community in Gloucester County, New Brunswick, Canada. The community is on the east of Bathurst.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19480674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480674" title="August Maus">
August Maus

August Maus (7 February 1915 – 28 September 1996) was a German U-boat commander in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. Prior to taking command of he served as I. "Wachoffizier" (1st watch officer) on under the command of "Korvettenkapitän" Karl-Friedrich Merten.
Maus was captured following the sinking of and was sent as a prisoner of war to the United States. He was involved in the escape tunnel which enabled 25 POWs to escape from Camp Papago Park, Arizona, during the night of 23–24 December 1944. Due to an injury, he himself did not attempt to escape.
Summary of career.
As a U-boat commander of August Maus is credited with the sinking of nine ships for a total of and damaging one ship of .

</doc>
<doc id="19480677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480677" title="Sin Son-ho">
Sin Son-ho

Sin Son-ho () (born July 5, 1948) is a North Korean diplomat who has been North Korea's Permanent Representative to the United Nations since 2008. In his career as a diplomat, he has primarily represented North Korea in its relations with African countries.
Diplomatic career.
Sin graduated from Kim Il-sung University in 1972. That same year, he was appointed as Third Secretary to the North Korean embassy to Egypt, where he served until 1979. From 1979 to 1983, he was a senior officer in the Foreign Ministry, then, from 1983 to 1986, counsellor at the North Korean embassy to Lesotho. From 1986 to 1990, he was Division Chief at the Foreign Ministry, before serving as counsellor to the North Korean embassy in Zimbabwe from 1990 to 1995. From 1995 to 1999, he was Deputy-Director of the Foreign Ministry.
Sin's first appointment to the United Nations came in 1999, when he worked at the North Korean Mission to the United Nations for four years before returning home upon being appointed Director-General of the Foreign Ministry. He served in the latter position until May 2008, when he was appointed Permanent Representative to the United Nations.
In his latter role, Sin has been tasked with expressing North Korea's positions on the issue of his country's nuclear activities. In October 2008, Sin told a session of the General Assembly that North Korea had developed nuclear weapons in response to the threat it perceived from the United States, but that it had begun dismantling its nuclear apparatus and that it supported the "denuclearisation of the Korean peninsular".
Sin added that his country wished for a peace agreement to replace the 55-year-old Korean War armistice, and that North Korea hoped for the eventual reunification of Korea.
He has denied that North Korea has a human rights problem.

</doc>
<doc id="19480679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480679" title="Flora, Louisiana">
Flora, Louisiana

Flora is an unincorporated community in Natchitoches Parish, Louisiana, United States. It is located near the intersection of Louisiana Highway 120 and Louisiana Highway 478, south of Natchitoches.
The community is part of the Natchitoches Micropolitan Statistical Area.

</doc>
<doc id="19480689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480689" title="List of cities, towns and villages in Friesland, A-L">
List of cities, towns and villages in Friesland, A-L

This is a list of settlements in the province of Friesland, in the Netherlands.
Source.
GEOnet Names Server (GNS)

</doc>
<doc id="19480750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480750" title="1993 Waldbaum's Hamlet Cup – Doubles">
1993 Waldbaum's Hamlet Cup – Doubles

Francisco Montana and Greg Van Emburgh were the defending champions, but chose not to participate that year.
Marc-Kevin Goellner and David Prinosil won in the final 6–7, 7–5, 6–2, against Arnaud Boetsch and Olivier Delaître.

</doc>
<doc id="19480758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480758" title="List of cities, towns and villages in Friesland, M-Z">
List of cities, towns and villages in Friesland, M-Z

This is a list of settlements in the province of Friesland, in the Netherlands.
Source.
GEOnet Names Server (GNS)

</doc>
<doc id="19480765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480765" title="Kingston, Louisiana">
Kingston, Louisiana

Kingston is an unincorporated community in DeSoto Parish, Louisiana, United States. It is located approximately 16 miles south of Shreveport near the intersection of Louisiana Highway 175 and Louisiana Highway 5.
The community is part of the Shreveport–Bossier City Metropolitan Statistical Area.

</doc>
<doc id="19480772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480772" title="Frierson, Louisiana">
Frierson, Louisiana

Frierson is a census-designated place (CDP) in DeSoto Parish, Louisiana, United States. It is located approximately three miles north of Interstate 49 (exit 186) along Louisiana State Highway 175.
The community is part of the Shreveport–Bossier City Metropolitan Statistical Area.
George Dement, former mayor of Bossier city, Louisiana, retired to his family farm in Frierson, where he died on January 12, 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="19480795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480795" title="Forces occultes">
Forces occultes

Forces occultes ("Occult Forces" - subtitled "The mysteries of Freemasonry unveiled for the first time on the screen") is a French film of 1943, notable as the last film to be directed by Paul Riche (the pseudonym of Jean Mamy).
Plot.
The film recounts the life of a young député who joins the Freemasons in order to relaunch his career. He thus learns of how the Freemasons are conspiring with the Jews and the Anglo-American nations to encourage France into a war against Germany.
History.
The film was commissioned in 1942 by the "Propaganda Abteilung", a delegation of Nazi Germany's propaganda ministry within occupied France by the ex-Mason Mamy. It virulently denounces Freemasonry, parliamentarianism and Jews as part of Vichy's drive against them and seeks to prove a Jewish-Masonic plot.
On France's liberation, its writer Jean Marquès-Rivière, its producer Robert Muzard, and its director Jean Mamy were purged for collaboration with the enemy. On 25 November 1945, Muzard was condemned to 3 years in prison and Marquès-Rivière was condemned in his absence (he had gone into self-imposed exile) to death and degradation.
Mamy had also been a journalist on "L'Appel" under Pierre Constantini (leader of the Ligue française d’épuration, d’entraide sociale et de collaboration européenne) and on the collaborationist journal "Au pilori", and was thus condemned to death and executed at the fortress of Montrouge on 29 March 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="19480815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480815" title="Agra airport">
Agra airport

Agra Airport (, ) aka Kheria Air Force Station , is a military airbase and public airport serving the city of Agra, in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India. The air force station is one of the largest airbases of the Indian Air Force (IAF) and has been synonymous with the Taj Mahal for over half a century. On 15 August 2007, the airbase celebrated its sixtieth anniversary. The Airbase was also featured in the 2013 Walt Disney Pictures movie - Planes as a pit stop for the Wings Across The World race.
History.
Air Force Station Agra was established on 15 August 1947 and placed under the command of Wing Commander Shivdev Singh, who was the incumbent commander of the No. 12 Sqn. Based on the then present system of Commands, the base fell under the responsibility of the Western Air Command (WAC). The base remained under this Theatre Command for the next two decades. In July 1971 it was transferred to the Central Air Command (CAC), where it remains today.
The base has remained unchanged, although many of the aircraft, squadrons, officers, and men have come and gone. During its sixty year history with the IAF, the base has seen the likes of C-47 Dakotas, C-119 Packets, HS 748 'Avros', AN-12s, AN-32s, IL-76s, Canberras, IL-78 MKI and now the AWACS. Today, it is hard to find a transport pilot who has not been at Air Force Station Agra at least sometime during his career; this trend will undoubtedly continue well into the future.
The base now has the honor of holding the first inflight refueling aircraft Squadron in IAF service, the 78 ‘Mid Air Refuelling Squadron’ (MARS) Squadron flying the IL-78MKIs. This is also a first for the whole of the Indian Sub-Continent region.
During World War II, the United States Army Air Forces Air Technical Service Command established a major maintenance and supply facility at Agra, named "Agra Air Depot". The 3d Air Depot Group serviced a wide variety of fighter, bomber and transport aircraft being used by Tenth Air Force and the Allied ground forces in Burma and Fourteenth Air Force in China. The depot stockpiled large amounts of material for shipment over the Himalayan Mountains ("The Hump") by Air Transport Command cargo aircraft flying to forward airfields in China. It also was a major stopover point on the ATC Karachi-Kunming air transport route.
Developments.
No. 50 Squadron IAF has been tasked with the operations of the newly inducted Beriev A-50E/I Airborne Early Warning and Control (AWACS) aircraft. The AWACS has been mounted on a specially designed IL-76 with advanced avionics & telecommunication systems.
Agra International Airport.
A new greenfield international airport is proposed for Agra in a bid to give required fillip to tourism in Uttar Pradesh, Taj international airport project at Agra would be implemented in right earnest with the state government according top priority to this project as Taj Mahal is one of the most visited tourist spots in the world. Consortium of Rites Ltd and KPMG Advisory Services Pvt Ltd, the selected consultants for this project, made a detailed presentation to Infrastructure and Industrial Development Commissioner(IIDC), Anil Kumar Gupta on the future course of action. Consultants were asked to identify the best suited site by the end of the current financial year. The project site would be selected in a way so as to enable prompt clearances and approvals for the implementation without any hindrances. To be developed through Public Private Partnership (PPP), in order to ensure time-bound execution of the project, the government has assured full cooperation at all levels of administration. Development of an international airport near the Taj Mahal will enhance the tourist inflow, the new airport would also cater to needs of frequent fliers, entrepreneurs and exporters from the region. If everything goes as per plan, Agra will have an international airport within 4 to 5 years.

</doc>
<doc id="19480825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480825" title="Arthur A. Seeligson, Jr.">
Arthur A. Seeligson, Jr.

Arthur Addison Seeligson, Jr. (October 29, 1920 - April 17, 2001) was an American oilman, rancher, and a Thoroughbred racehorse owner/breeder.
Family.
Seeligson was born in San Antonio, Texas, the son of Ramona (née Frates) and Arthur Addison Seeligson, Sr. His paternal great-grandfather, Henry Seeligson, was a Jewish Confederate soldier whose father served as mayor of Galveston, Texas. Through his great-grandfather, Seeligson was a relative of composer Louis Moreau Gottschalk. Arthur Seeligson's brother, Frates Slick Seeligson (1923-2006), was a rancher and a member of the Texas House of Representatives from 1953-1960. His first cousin, once removed, Lamar Smith has been a Republican Congressman from Texas since 1987.
Early life.
Arthur Seeligson was raised a Protestant. His family moved to Oklahoma when he was still a boy. After studying at Phillips Exeter Academy in Exeter, New Hampshire and then graduating from Yale University in 1942, Arthur Seeligson, Jr. followed in his fathers footsteps as a successful investor in the oil and gas industry in Kansas. 
Seeligson returned to live in San Antonio and it was his home at the time of his death in 2001.
Thoroughbred horse racing.
Arthur Seeligson was involved in Thoroughbred horse racing for more than forty years. He had stakes race winners both in the United States and in Europe. He most notably bred and raced Avatar, winner of the 1975 Santa Anita Derby and the American Classic, the Belmont Stakes.
For a time, Arthur Seeligson was a co-owner of the now defunct Hialeah Park Race Track in Hialeah, Florida. He was a member of the Board of Directors of the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame in Saratoga Springs, New York.
Seeligson's daughter, Ramona Seeligson Bass, was a driving force behind the creation of "Texas Wild!" at the Fort Worth Zoo. The Zoo's Arthur A. Seeligson Conservation Fund was established by his family and friends to benefit Texas wildlife.

</doc>
<doc id="19480833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480833" title="Lomer Brisson">
Lomer Brisson

Lomer Brisson (born December 5, 1916 in Grandes-Bergeronnes, Quebec, Canada-died January 5, 1981) was a Canadian politician and lawyer. He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons in the 1949 election to represent the riding of Saguenay. He was re-elected in the elections of 1953 and 1957 but defeated in 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="19480846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480846" title="List of cities, towns and villages in Dutch Limburg, A-L">
List of cities, towns and villages in Dutch Limburg, A-L

This is a list of settlements in the province of Limburg, in the Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="19480848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480848" title="Colby Village, Nova Scotia">
Colby Village, Nova Scotia

Colby Village is a small part of Cole Harbour, Nova Scotia notable for being the home of Sidney Crosby and Bissett Park. 
There are four schools located in Colby Village: Colby Village Elementary, Caldwell Road Elementary, Astral Drive Elementary, and Astral Drive Junior High. 
The Cole Harbour Outdoor Pool and Tennis Complex is a popular summer spot for the Colby natives with swimming and tennis lessons taught daily.

</doc>
<doc id="19480856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480856" title="Fleckenstein">
Fleckenstein

Fleckenstein may refer to:
People with the surname Fleckenstein:

</doc>
<doc id="19480857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480857" title="Angel Gabriele">
Angel Gabriele

Angel Gabriele, sometimes credited as Pat Gabriele or Pasquale D. Gabriel (born March 21, 1956, in Brooklyn, New York), is an American comic book artist and publisher, best known for the comic book adaptation of the Space Giants; and a professional wrestling manager and promoter, renowned for his role as the Dark Angel.
Biography.
Comics.
Gabriele began his venture in comic books at the age of 16 by holding the 1972 convention Fan Con '72 in Norfolk, Virginia, hosting such guests as Kelly Freas, Wally Wood, Murray Leinster, and Mike Kaluta. Gabriele learned the basics of the art trade in the early 1970s from Freas in his Virginia Beach studio. 
In 1974 Gabriele's professional comic book art career started when he left his parents' home in Tidewater, Virginia, and sojourned to New York City, assisting Rich Buckler at Marvel Comics on uncredited work involving the Fantastic Four, Deathlok, and other assignments. By 1975 Gabriele had graduated to producing covers and splash pages for Marvel's British department while still working with Buckler. Gabriele's first credited work was DC Comics' "Kobra" #4 in 1976, a comic which was already four weeks late when it was assigned to him for "layouts & pacing." In 1977 Gabriele became acquainted with lifelong friend and fellow artist Denys Cowan.
In 1978, having relocated to Wabash, Indiana (and after a stint as a T-shirt artist) Gabriele acquired merchandising rights to the Space Giants, a U.S. adaptation of Osamu Tezuka's Japanese comic, "Magma Taishi" ("Ambassador Magma"). In 1979 Gabriele's company, FBN (Fantasy Book Novels) Publications, published a comic book adaptation of the first four episodes of "Space Giants".
In 1981, after a stint with Merrillville, Indiana-based fledgling multicultural comic book company Leader Comics, Gabriele returned to New York City. There he worked again for a very short period with Rich Buckler, and met Mark Texeira, with whom he later shared a studio and produced the T.H.U.N.D.E.R. Agents revival for JC Productions. Eventually, Gabriele, Denys Cowan, and fellow artist Trevor Von Eeden shared an apartment in New York's Chelsea Hotel. There Gabriele designed the original "Beast Machine" characters for Strongen-Mayhiem's Power Lords (the action figures would be released by Revell).
Dark Angel and professional wrestling.
It was during this period in the mid-1980s after the birth of his daughter that Gabriele's stylized alter-ego the Dark Angel was born. By 1986, Gabriele had again left New York City and returned to the midwest, where he introduced the Dark Angel, in the first three issues of the independent comic book series "Dark Adventures" (published by Darkline). 
Concurrently, Gabriele stepped into the role of the Dark Angel and became part of Dick the Bruiser's WWA, working live events and television episodes with wrestling legends like Don Kent, Yukon Moose Cholak, Bobo Brazil, Scott Steiner, Terry Sullivan, as well as Dick the Bruiser himself. After a 1988 disagreement with Dick the Bruiser, Grabiele began operating his own wrestling promotion and television show, "Powerslam Professional Wrestling", featuring established wrestlers such as Ox Baker and Calypso Jim (now Bobo Brazil, Jr.), Ed Farhat (a.k.a. the Original Sheik), as well as booking early matches with new talent such as Sabu and Rob Van Dam. "Powerslam Professional Wrestling" lasted until 1991.
Return to comics.
During the 1990s, Gabriele (along with his protégé Jeff Newman) collaborated with Denys Cowan in Milestone Comics "universe," as well as inking titles such as "Static" and "Hardware". Gabriele also drew several covers for DC, including a three-cover run for one of DC's Impact titles, "The Web". He also produced several books for Boneyard Press, including an adaptation of the stories of Ed Gein, Billy The Kid, and another issue of the "Space Giants", which printed a Mark Texeira story originally drawn in 1981. 
In 1996, Gabriele was approached by the California firm LK Management to publish a line of comics, with Gabriele as its executive editor. A deal was struck and, utilizing the talents of Willie Peppers, Greg Theakston, Jeff Newman, and Byron Black, Gabriele set up the Hyper X Studio (a division of his Hyper Graphics Studio) in North Manchester, Indiana. From this arrangement the Pyramid Comics line was born. Several full comics were prepared and solicited before the LK Management vanished with investors' funds. Gabriele attempted to save the fledgling company, but by the end of 1997 Pyramid had ceased, leaving him with twenty-three unpublished titles.
Return to wrestling and later career.
In 1998, Gabriele was enticed back into professional wrestling, reprising his 1980s television show "Powerslam" as "Powerslam2000", and recruiting Big Bang Comics co-creator Chris Ecker as an announcer. Gabriele held a live event at the 1999 Novi, Michigan, Pop Culture Convention with the Iron Sheik in the main event. In 2000, Gabriele again withdrew from active involvement in the world of professional wrestling and has only made a few rare appearances at live matches since.
In the 2000s Gabriele has been accepting commissioned work and maintained a website promoting Powerslam Wrestling and Space Giants memorabilia. He collaborated with his friend Richard "Grass" Green, producing Green's 2002 Xal-Kor comic book, released by TwoMorrows Publishing, only months before Green's untimely passing due to lung cancer. Gabriele also contributed an article on hidden messages in Bill Everett's inking of Jack Kirby's art for Thor (Marvel Comics) in "The Jack Kirby Collector" #49.

</doc>
<doc id="19480878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480878" title="Belnan, Nova Scotia">
Belnan, Nova Scotia

Belnan is a small community in Nova Scotia, located on Route 214. Belnan is located between Elmsdale and Nine Mile River. It is located in the Rawdon/Maitland region of the Glooscap Trail, Hants County. Belnan was founded by the MacDonell family. After the inheritance of the large manor atop Green Road Hill, Tyler MacDonnell; a young entrepreneur, came to power. Tyler was a good man, an anxious man but with a heart of gold. Tyler had three cows named Bel, Nan, and lantz. After Lantz died, Tyler's three children honoured the cow's spirit by naming a small village after Lantz and Belnan after Bel and Nan.
The town of Belnan lasted much hardship the year it was established. There was a miniature war between the town of Belnan and the town of Lantz. The war was waged for several months, and is recounted by historians as "the worst war Nova Scotia has ever seen". After the war, which ended in 1902, the Towns of Lantz and Belnan split up into multiple towns; Elmsdale, Enfield, Milford, Lantz, Shubenacadie, Stewiacke, and Belnan. They form the Municipality of East Hants, and the inhabitants have coexisted peacefully for decades. 

</doc>
<doc id="19480879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480879" title="List of cities, towns and villages in Dutch Limburg, M-Z">
List of cities, towns and villages in Dutch Limburg, M-Z

This is a list of settlements in the province of Limburg, in the Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="19480883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480883" title="Bambang LRT Station">
Bambang LRT Station

Bambang LRT Station is a station on the Manila LRT (LRT-1). Like all other LRT-1 stations, Bambang station is above-ground. The station is located in Santa Cruz in Manila, on Rizal Avenue. The station is named after Bambang street, the street right beside the station.
Bambang station serves as the ninth station for trains headed to Baclaran and the twelfth station for trains headed to Roosevelt.
Nearby landmarks.
The station is near major hospitals such as Jose Reyes Memorial Medical Center, San Lazaro Hospital, and Metropolitan Medical Center; as well as educational institutions such as Saint Stephen's High School, Doña Teodora Alonzo High School, Hope Christian School, Francisco Balagtas Elementary School, and the University of Santo Tomas.
Transportation links.
Commuters can take the many jeepneys, tricycles and taxis from Bambang station towards their destination in Santa Cruz, Sampaloc and Tondo.

</doc>
<doc id="19480890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480890" title="Law of cosines">
Law of cosines

In trigonometry, the law of cosines (also known as the cosine formula or cosine rule) relates the lengths of the sides of a triangle to the cosine of one of its angles. Using notation as in Fig. 1, the law of cosines states
where formula_2 denotes the angle contained between sides of lengths "a" and "b" and opposite the side of length "c".
The law of cosines generalizes the Pythagorean theorem, which holds only for right triangles: if the angle formula_2 is a right angle (of measure 90° or π/2 radians), then and thus the law of cosines reduces to the Pythagorean theorem:
The law of cosines is useful for computing the third side of a triangle when two sides and their enclosed angle are known, and in computing the angles of a triangle if all three sides are known.
By changing which sides of the triangle play the roles of "a", "b", and "c" in the original formula, one discovers that the following two formulas also state the law of cosines:
Though the notion of the cosine was not yet developed in his time, Euclid's "Elements", dating back to the 3rd century BC, contains an early geometric theorem almost equivalent to the law of cosines. The case of obtuse triangle and acute triangle (corresponding to the two cases of negative or positive cosine) are treated separately, in Propositions 12 and 13 of Book 2. Trigonometric functions and algebra (in particular negative numbers) being absent in Euclid's time, the statement has a more geometric flavor:
Using notation as in Fig. 2, Euclid's statement can be represented by the formula
This formula may be transformed into the law of cosines by noting that Proposition 13 contains an entirely analogous statement for acute triangles.
The theorem was popularized in the Western world by François Viète in the 16th century. At the beginning of the 19th century, modern algebraic notation allowed the law of cosines to be written in its current symbolic form.
Applications.
The theorem is used in triangulation, for solving a triangle or circle, i.e., to find (see Figure 3):
These formulas produce high round-off errors in floating point calculations if the triangle is very acute, i.e., if "c" is small relative to "a" and "b" or "γ" is small compared to 1. It is even possible to obtain a result slightly greater than one for the cosine of an angle.
The third formula shown is the result of solving for "a" the quadratic equation This equation can have 2, 1, or 0 positive solutions corresponding to the number of possible triangles given the data. It will have two positive solutions if only one positive solution if , and no solution if These different cases are also explained by the Side-Side-Angle congruence ambiguity.
Proofs.
Using the distance formula.
Consider a triangle with sides of length "a", "b", "c", where "γ" is the measurement of the angle opposite the side of length "c". We can place this triangle on the coordinate system by plotting
By the distance formula, we have
Now, we just work with that equation:
An advantage of this proof is that it does not require the consideration of different cases for when the triangle is acute vs. obtuse.
Using trigonometry.
Drop the perpendicular onto the side "c" to get (see Fig. 4)
(This is still true if "α" or "β" is obtuse, in which case the perpendicular falls outside the triangle.) Multiply through by "c" to get
By considering the other perpendiculars obtain
Adding the latter two equations gives
Subtracting the first equation from the last one we have
which simplifies to
This proof uses trigonometry in that it treats the cosines of the various angles as quantities in their own right. It uses the fact that the cosine of an angle expresses the relation between the two sides enclosing that angle in "any" right triangle. Other proofs (below) are more geometric in that they treat an expression such as merely as a label for the length of a certain line segment.
Many proofs deal with the cases of obtuse and acute angles "γ" separately.
Using the Pythagorean theorem.
Case of an obtuse angle.
Euclid proves this theorem by applying the Pythagorean theorem to each of the two right triangles in Fig. 5. Using "d" to denote the line segment "CH" and "h" for the height "BH", triangle "AHB" gives us
and triangle "CHB" gives
Expanding the first equation gives
Substituting the second equation into this, the following can be obtained:
This is Euclid's Proposition 12 from Book 2 of the "Elements". To transform it into the modern form of the law of cosines, note that
Case of an acute angle.
Euclid's proof of his Proposition 13 proceeds along the same lines as his proof of Proposition 12: he applies the Pythagorean theorem to both right triangles formed by dropping the perpendicular onto one of the sides enclosing the angle "γ" and uses the binomial theorem to simplify.
Another proof in the acute case.
Using more trigonometry, the law of cosines can be deduced by using the Pythagorean theorem only "once". In fact, by using the right triangle on the left hand side of Fig. 6 it can be shown that:
using the trigonometric identity
This proof needs a slight modification if . In this case, the right triangle to which the Pythagorean theorem is applied moves "outside" the triangle "ABC". The only effect this has on the calculation is that the quantity is replaced by As this quantity enters the calculation only through its square, the rest of the proof is unaffected. However, this problem only occurs when "β" is obtuse, and may be avoided by reflecting the triangle about the bisector of "γ".
Referring to Fig. 6 it is worth noting that if the angle opposite side "a" is "α" then:
This is useful for direct calculation of a second angle when two sides and an included angle are given.
Using Ptolemy's theorem.
Referring to the diagram, triangle "ABC" with sides "AB" = "c", "BC" = "a" and "AC" = "b" is drawn inside its circumcircle as shown. Triangle "ABD" is constructed congruent to triangle "ABC" with "AD" = "BC" and "BD" = "AC". Perpendiculars from "D" and "C" meet base "AB" at "E" and "F" respectively. Then:
Now the law of cosines is rendered by a straightforward application of Ptolemy's theorem to cyclic quadrilateral "ABCD":
Plainly if angle "B" is 90°, then "ABCD" is a rectangle and application of Ptolemy's theorem yields the Pythagorean theorem:
By comparing areas.
One can also prove the law of cosines by calculating areas. The change of sign as the angle "γ" becomes obtuse makes a case distinction necessary.
Recall that
Acute case. Figure 7a shows a heptagon cut into smaller pieces (in two different ways) to yield a proof of the law of cosines. The various pieces are
The equality of areas on the left and on the right gives
Obtuse case. Figure 7b cuts a hexagon in two different ways into smaller pieces, yielding a proof of the law of cosines in the case that the angle "γ" is obtuse. We have
The equality of areas on the left and on the right gives
The rigorous proof will have to include proofs that various shapes are congruent and therefore have equal area. This will use the theory of congruent triangles.
Using geometry of the circle.
Using the geometry of the circle, it is possible to give a more geometric proof than using the Pythagorean theorem alone. Algebraic manipulations (in particular the binomial theorem) are avoided.
'"Case of acute angle "γ", where . Drop the perpendicular from "A" onto "a" = "BC", creating a line segment of length . Duplicate the "right triangle" to form the isosceles triangle "ACP". Construct the circle with center "A" and radius "b", and its tangent through "B". The tangent "h" forms a right angle with the radius "b" (Euclid's "Elements": Book 3, Proposition 18; or see here), so the yellow triangle in Figure 8 is right. Apply the Pythagorean theorem to obtain
Then use the "tangent secant theorem" (Euclid's "Elements": Book 3, Proposition 36), which says that the square on the tangent through a point "B" outside the circle is equal to the product of the two lines segments (from "B") created by any secant of the circle through "B". In the present case: or
Substituting into the previous equation gives the law of cosines:
Note that "h"2 is the power of the point "B" with respect to the circle. The use of the Pythagorean theorem and the tangent secant theorem can be replaced by a single application of the power of a point theorem.
Case of acute angle "γ", where . Drop the perpendicular from "A" onto "a" = "BC", creating a line segment of length . Duplicate the right triangle to form the isosceles triangle "ACP". Construct the circle with center "A" and radius "b", and a chord through "B" perpendicular to half of which is Apply the Pythagorean theorem to obtain
Now use the "chord theorem" (Euclid's "Elements": Book 3, Proposition 35), which says that if two chords intersect, the product of the two line segments obtained on one chord is equal to the product of the two line segments obtained on the other chord. In the present case: or
Substituting into the previous equation gives the law of cosines:
Note that the power of the point "B" with respect to the circle has the negative value −"h"2.
Case of obtuse angle "γ". This proof uses the power of a point theorem directly, without the auxiliary triangles obtained by constructing a tangent or a chord. Construct a circle with center "B" and radius "a" (see Figure 9), which intersects the secant through "A" and "C" in "C" and "K". The power of the point "A" with respect to the circle is equal to both "AB"2 − "BC"2 and "AC·AK". Therefore,
which is the law of cosines.
Using algebraic measures for line segments (allowing negative numbers as lengths of segments) the case of obtuse angle and acute angle can be treated simultaneously.
Vector formulation.
The law of cosines is equivalent to the formula
in the theory of vectors, which expresses the dot product of two vectors in terms of their respective lengths and the angle they enclose.
Proof of equivalence. Referring to Figure 10, note that
and so we may calculate:
The law of cosines formulated in this notation states:
which is clearly equivalent to the above formula from the theory of vectors.
Isosceles case.
When "a" = "b", i.e., when the triangle is isosceles with the two sides incident to the angle "γ" equal, the law of cosines simplifies significantly. Namely, because , the law of cosines becomes
or
Analog for tetrahedra.
An analogous statement begins by taking "α", "β", "γ", "δ" to be the areas of the four faces of a tetrahedron. Denote the dihedral angles by formula_49 etc. Then
Law of cosines in non-Euclidean geometry.
A version of the law of cosines also holds in non-Euclidean geometry. In spherical geometry, a triangle is defined by three points u, v, and w on the unit sphere, and the arcs of great circles connecting those points. If these great circles make angles "A", "B", and "C" with opposite sides "a", "b", "c" then the spherical law of cosines asserts that each of the following relationships hold:
In hyperbolic geometry, a pair of equations are collectively known as the hyperbolic law of cosines. The first is
where sinh and cosh are the hyperbolic sine and cosine, and the second is
Like in Euclidean geometry, one can use the law of cosines to determine the angles "A", "B", "C" from the knowledge of the sides "a", "b", "c". However, unlike Euclidean geometry, the reverse is also possible in each of the models of non-Euclidean geometry: the angles "A", "B", "C" determine the sides "a", "b", "c".

</doc>
<doc id="19480893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480893" title="Upper Paradise Road (Hamilton, Ontario)">
Upper Paradise Road (Hamilton, Ontario)

Upper Paradise Road is an Upper City (mountain) collector road in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. It starts off just north of Scenic Drive by "Cliffview Park" and extends southward where it ends just south of Rymal Road beside "Carpenter Park". It is a two-way street throughout.
History.
Named Upper Paradise Road because it is in alignment with "Paradise Road" in Lower City Hamilton. Present-day Paradise Road got its name because it led into Cootes Paradise. Paradise Road spent many years known as "West Street", because it was the western boundary of the city fron 1846 until approximately 1920.
Landmarks.
"Note: Listing of Landmarks from North to South."
Communities.
"Note: Listing of neighbourhoods from North to South." 
Roads that are parallel with Upper Paradise Road.
"Note: Listing of Roads from West to East."
Roads that cross Upper Paradise Road.
"Note: Listing of streets from North to South."
External links.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19480905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480905" title="Thomas Snape">
Thomas Snape

Thomas Snape (1835 - 9 August 1912) was a British industrialist and Liberal politician.
Snape was born in Salford, and was initially employed by John Hutchinson and Sons, a company that pioneered the use of the Leblanc process to produce soda ash, and led to the creation of a large chemical industry in Widnes, Lancashire. He subsequently established his own business, T. Snape and Company, with its works in the town. In 1890 Snape's became a constituent part of the United Alkali Company.
Snape was a prominent member of the Methodist Free Church and a supporter of the temperance and peace movements. He stood as Liberal candidate for parliament on a number of occasions, but was only successful at the 1892 general election, when he became MP for Heywood. He lost his seat three years later to George Kemp of the Conservatives.
Although no longer in parliament, Snape continued his involvement with politics. At the time of his death he was a county alderman on Lancashire County Council, and a justice of the peace for the county.
Thomas Snape died at his residence in Liverpool in 1912, aged 77.

</doc>
<doc id="19480906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480906" title="Todd Smith (wrestler)">
Todd Smith (wrestler)

Todd Smith (born March 3, 1984) better known by his ring name "The Brand New Bad" Todd Hanson and, formerly, Handsome Johnny, is an American professional wrestler, currently wrestling in the independent circuit in the Northeastern United States as well making occasional appearances in World Wrestling Entertainment. He is the former head trainer of the Chaotic Trainer Center along with Brian Fury.
A mainstay of Chaotic Wrestling and New England Championship Wrestling, he is the current 3-time Chaotic Wrestling Heavyweight Champion and has had victories over opponents such as Charlie Haas, Scotty 2 Hotty, Simon Diamond and Low Ki. He and Psycho also formed a tag team, Pretty Psycho, and won the Chaotic Wrestling Tag Team Championship twice.
Career.
Independents.
Smith has worked for Chaotic Wrestling, Millennium Wrestling Federation, NWA New England, New England Championship Wrestling, New England Wrestling Alliance, Front Row Wrestling, Eastern Pro Wrestling and UCW promotions under various ring names. Smith has an extensive tag team background, most notably, as one half of The Trendsetters with Max Bauer and Pretty Psycho with Psycho. A former student of Killer Kowalski, he and Brian Milonas are also the head instructors at his Chaotic Wrestling's training facility in North Andover, Massachusetts.
World Wrestling Entertainment.
Smith was in a Velocity match before an episode of "SmackDown!" on December 16, 2005, which he lost to Doug Basham. He made his WWE debut on September 15, 2006 under the ring name Todd Hansen in a losing effort against Sylvester Terkay.
Recent years.
On June 3, 2007, Smith was one of several wrestlers involved in a NECW-sponsored fundraiser, "The Hot Dog Safari", at the Suffolk Downs racetrack in East Boston. The event raised $1,000,000 for "The Joey Fund" which battles cystic fibrosis. During the event, Smith won the annual "Nathan's Hot Dog Eating Contest" with Nikki Roxx coming in second.
On February 16, 2008, Smith defeated Brandon Locke for the NECW Television Championship in Quincy, Massachusetts. The title was vacated on April 22, 2008, due to an injury Smith suffered in a title defense. On June 1, 2008, Smith became the champion again after defeating Chase Del Monte in a tournament final held at Suffolk Downs.
In late winter into spring 2008 a series of vignettes featuring Smith began to air during Chaotic Wrestling live events and on the web. This series of vignettes showed Handsome Johnny discovering himself on a trip abroad and lead to the introduction of "The Duke of Elegance" Don Chesterfield into Chaotic storylines. Smith also uses this character for the Eastern Wrestling Alliance as well as Front Row Wrestling. Is currently out of wrestling due to a back injury, from a tables match against the Intellectual Properties in Chaotic Wrestling.
In NECW, he changed his ring name in 2010 to "Handsome" Johnny Hayes. He is scheduled to challenge Brandon Locke for the PWF Northeast Heavyweight Championship on February 19, 2011. The match is currently in jeopardy as he was attacked by an unknown person while leaving a physical therapy session.
In 2013 Todd Smith under the Brand New Bad Todd Hanson name and gimmick started working for the Connecticut based Real Warrior Entertainment (R.W.E) where he has wins over Ring of Honor regulars Mike Bennett and Bob Evans.

</doc>
<doc id="19480920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480920" title="Lucerne University of Applied Sciences and Arts">
Lucerne University of Applied Sciences and Arts

Lucerne University of Applied Sciences and Arts (German: Hochschule Luzern) is a Swiss public vocational university with campuses in Lucerne, Horw and Zug. 
Programmes.
The University offers Bachelor and Master programmes and also postgraduate courses that confer a Certificate, Diploma or Master of Advanced Studies upon completion, such as ENBau. Research and close co-operation with local industry, business, and cultural institutions are generally applied.

</doc>
<doc id="19480926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480926" title="Waring, Texas">
Waring, Texas

Waring is an unincorporated community in northwestern Kendall County, Texas, United States. It lies along local roads and the Guadalupe River, northwest of the city of Boerne, the county seat of Kendall County. Its elevation is 1,345 feet (410 m). Although Waring is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 78074; the ZCTA for ZIP Code 78074 had a population of 59 at the 2000 census. The community is part of the San Antonio Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Founded in 1887 by R.P.M. Waring, the community was named for its founder's hometown of Waringford in Ireland; the name was not changed until 1901. From its foundation until service ceased in 1970, the community was a station on the Kerrville branch of the San Antonio and Aransas Pass Railway.

</doc>
<doc id="19480927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480927" title="Kendalia, Texas">
Kendalia, Texas

Kendalia is an unincorporated community in northeastern Kendall County, Texas, United States. It lies along FM473/3351 northeast of the city of Boerne, the county seat of Kendall County. Its elevation is 1,384 feet (422 m). Although Kendalia is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 78027; the ZCTA for ZIP Code 78027 had a population of 374 at the 2000 census. The community is part of the San Antonio Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Likely named for early nearby settler George Wilkins Kendall, the community was surveyed in 1883, although a post office was not established until 1895. The local economy has long been dependent primarily on ranching, although many residents today work in cities such as Blanco or San Antonio.

</doc>
<doc id="19480928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480928" title="Bergheim, Texas">
Bergheim, Texas

Bergheim is an unincorporated community in eastern Kendall County, Texas, United States. It lies along State Highway 46 east of the city of Boerne, the county seat of Kendall County. Its elevation is 1,437 feet (438 m). Although Bergheim is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 78004; the ZCTA for ZIP Code 78004 had a population of 676 at the 2000 census. The community is part of the San Antonio Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Bergheim, meaning "Mountain Home" in German, was founded by Austrian immigrant Andreas Engel, who moved to the area and established a store in 1900. The community's post office was established in 1901. Ranching has long been the mainstay of Bergheim's economy, although the harvesting of cedar lumber has been important at certain times in its history.

</doc>
<doc id="19480956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480956" title="Kendalia">
Kendalia

Kendalia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19480965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480965" title="Afelee F. Pita">
Afelee F. Pita

Afelee F. Pita, born February 11, 1958, is a Tuvaluan diplomat. He was Tuvalu's Permanent Representative to the United Nations from 2006 to 2012.
Pita holds a Master's degree in public administration from the University of Canberra and a Bachelor of Arts degree in administration and accounting from the University of the South Pacific.
He began his career as a senior official in government administration as assistant Secretary, and then Secretary, at the Tuvaluan Ministry of Commerce and Natural Resources, from 1987 to 1988. He was Assistant Secretary for Commerce from 1989 to 1993, then Acting Secretary at the Ministry of Trade, Commerce and Public Corporations in 1993. From 1994 to 1994, he served as Permanent Secretary in several successive ministries (Health and Sports, Labour and Communication, Resources and Environment, Finance).
From 2001 to 2004, Pita was Adviser to the Executive Director of the Asian Development Bank in Manila, where he served as representative for Australia, Azerbaijan, Cambodia, Hong Kong, Kiribati, the Federated States of Micronesia, Nauru, the Solomon Islands and Tuvalu.
Returning to Tuvalu, Pita served as Permanent Secretary to the Ministry of Natural Resources and Lands from 2004 and 2006, before being appointed as Permanent Representative to the United Nations.
In April 2007, Pita addressed the Special Session of the United Nations Security Council on Energy, Climate and Security, and "beseechthe Security Council to act urgently to address the threats to [Tuvalu's national security" - namely, climate change.

</doc>
<doc id="19480981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480981" title="French League">
French League

The French League (full name - "French League for purging, mutual aid and European collaboration") was a collaborationist French movement founded by Pierre Costantini in September 1940. Its journal was entitled "L'Appel".

</doc>
<doc id="19480985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19480985" title="List of cities, towns and villages in Gelderland, A-K">
List of cities, towns and villages in Gelderland, A-K

This is a list of cities, towns and villages in the province of Gelderland, in the Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="19481012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481012" title="List of cities, towns and villages in Gelderland, L-Z">
List of cities, towns and villages in Gelderland, L-Z

This is a list of cities, towns and villages in the province of Gelderland, in the Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="19481028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481028" title="Pierre Costantini">
Pierre Costantini

Pierre Dominique Costantini or commandant Costantini (often misspelled Constantini) (1889–1986) was a French soldier, journalist, writer and Bonapartist militant.
Life.
He fought as an officer in the First World War and as a reserve officer in the armée de l'air during 1939–1940. He founded the Mouvement social européen. In 1940, he founded the collaborationist Ligue française d’épuration, d’entraide sociale et de collaboration européenne and with Jean Boissel, Marcel Déat, Pierre Clementi and Eugène Deloncle co-founded the Légion des volontaires français contre le bolchevisme (LVF). He edited the Ligue's organ, the journal "L'Appel". In 1943, he founded the Union des journalistes anti-maçons. He fled to Sigmaringen in 1944 and was condemned to prison in 1952. He later pursued a journalistic career and published several essays.

</doc>
<doc id="19481032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481032" title="Arctostaphylos montereyensis">
Arctostaphylos montereyensis

Arctostaphylos montereyensis is a species of manzanita known by the common names Monterey manzanita and Toro manzanita. It is endemic to Monterey County, California, where it is known from only a few occurrences around Fort Ord and Toro County Park near Salinas. It is a plant of maritime chaparral on sandy soils. This is a shrub reaching a maximum height between one and two meters, with bristly, glandular twigs. The dark green leaves are rough, bristly, and smooth-edged, sometimes with a waxy texture. They are 2 to 3 centimeters long and round to oval in shape. The inflorescence is a dense cluster of urn-shaped flowers, and the fruit is a bristly, glandular drupe about a centimeter wide.

</doc>
<doc id="19481046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481046" title="Drive (Steve Wariner album)">
Drive (Steve Wariner album)

Drive is the title of a studio album released in 1993 by American country music artist Steve Wariner. It was his second release for the Arista Nashville label. The album produced four chart singles on the "Billboard" country charts in "If I Didn't Love You" at #8, "Drivin' and Cryin'" at #24, "It Won't Be over You" at #18, and the title track at #63.

</doc>
<doc id="19481063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481063" title="Pascal Ory">
Pascal Ory

Pascal Ory (born 1948) is a French historian. A student of René Rémond, he specialises in cultural and political history and has written on Fascism ever since his masters dissertation on the Greenshirts of Henri Dorgères. He is one of those who in the 1970s contributed to the better definition of cultural history.
He is a professor at the Université de Paris-I-Panthéon-Sorbonne. He is president of the Association pour le développement de l'histoire culturelle (ADHC) and regent of the Collège de 'Pataphysique.
Involved in politics, he is a municipal councillor, formerly an ally to the mayor of Georges Lemoine, and head of the socialist list in the municipal elections of March 2001, in the city of Chartres.

</doc>
<doc id="19481102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481102" title="BL 10 inch gun Mk I – IV">
BL 10 inch gun Mk I – IV

The BL 10 inch guns Mks I, II, III, IV were British 32-calibres naval and coast defence guns in service from 1885.
History.
The British 10 inch calibre originated with the Committee on Ordnance in 1879 when it ordered a new 10.4 inch gun together with the new 9.2 inch as part of its transition from muzzle-loading to breech-loading guns. The proposed 10.4 inch gun eventually went into service in 1885 as a 10-inch gun firing a 500-pound projectile. 
After Mk IV of 1889 the Royal Navy discontinued the 10-inch calibre in favour of 9.2-inch and 12-inch.
Naval service.
Mks II, III and IV guns were interchangeable and equipped the following warships :
25-ton gun for "Victoria".
A 25-ton version with a bore of 300 inches (30 calibres) and firing a 450-pound projectile was supplied in 1884 to the Australian colony of Victoria, mounted on the gunboat HMVS "Victoria". This gun was subsequently replaced on "Victoria" by an 8-inch gun, and in 1887 was mounted at Fort Franklin as a coast defence gun.
Coast defence gun.
Mk I was an Elswick Ordnance design used only for coastal defence. Mks II, III and IV were interchangeable Woolwich Arsenal designs used on warships but also for coastal defense around the British Empire.

</doc>
<doc id="19481110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481110" title="Jim Crow laws">
Jim Crow laws

The Jim Crow laws were racial segregation laws enacted between 1876 and 1965 in the United States at the state and local level. They mandated "de jure" racial segregation in all public facilities in Southern states of the former Confederacy, with, starting in 1890, a "separate but equal" status for African Americans. The separation in practice led to conditions for African Americans that tended to be inferior to those provided for white Americans, systematizing a number of economic, educational and social disadvantages. "De jure" segregation mainly applied to the Southern United States. While Northern segregation was generally "de facto", there were patterns of segregation in housing enforced by covenants, bank lending practices, and job discrimination, including discriminatory union practices for decades.
Some examples of Jim Crow laws are the segregation of public schools, public places, and public transportation, and the segregation of restrooms, restaurants, and drinking fountains for whites and blacks. The U.S. military was also segregated.
These Jim Crow Laws followed the 1800–1866 Black Codes, which had previously restricted the civil rights and civil liberties of African Americans with no pretense of equality. State-sponsored school segregation was declared unconstitutional by the Supreme Court of the United States in 1954 in "Brown v. Board of Education". Generally, the remaining Jim Crow laws were overruled by the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Voting Rights Act of 1965.
Etymology.
The phrase "Jim Crow Law" first appeared in 1904 according to the "Dictionary of American English", although there is some evidence of earlier usage. The origin of the phrase "Jim Crow" has often been attributed to "Jump Jim Crow", a song-and-dance caricature of blacks performed by white actor Thomas D. Rice in blackface, which first surfaced in 1832 and was used to satirize Andrew Jackson's populist policies. As a result of Rice's fame, "Jim Crow" had become a pejorative expression meaning "Negro" by 1838. When southern legislatures passed laws of racial segregation – directed against blacks – at the end of the 19th century, these became known as Jim Crow laws.
Origins of Jim Crow laws.
During the Reconstruction period of 1865–1877, federal law provided civil rights protection in the U.S. South for freedmen – the African Americans who had formerly been slaves. In the 1870s, Democrats gradually regained power in the Southern legislatures, sometimes as a result of elections in which paramilitary groups intimidated opponents, attacking blacks or preventing them from voting. Gubernatorial elections were close and disputed in Louisiana for years, with extreme violence unleashed during the campaigns. In 1877, a national compromise to gain Southern support in the presidential election resulted in the last of the federal troops being withdrawn from the South. White Democrats had regained political power in every Southern state. These conservative, white, Democratic Redeemer governments legislated Jim Crow laws, segregating black people from the white population.
Blacks were still elected to local offices in the 1880s, but the establishment Democrats were passing laws to make voter registration and electoral rules more restrictive, with the result that political participation by most blacks and many poor whites began to decrease. Between 1890 and 1910, ten of the eleven former Confederate states, starting with Mississippi, passed new constitutions or amendments that effectively disfranchised most blacks and tens of thousands of poor whites through a combination of poll taxes, literacy and comprehension tests, and residency and record-keeping requirements. Grandfather clauses temporarily permitted some illiterate whites to vote but using the same law prevented most blacks from voting.
Voter turnout dropped drastically through the South as a result of such measures. For example, Alabama had tens of thousands of poor whites disfranchised. In Louisiana, by 1900, black voters were reduced to 5,320 on the rolls, although they comprised the majority of the state's population. By 1910, only 730 blacks were registered, less than 0.5 percent of eligible black men. "In 27 of the state's 60 parishes, not a single black voter was registered any longer; in 9 more parishes, only one black voter was." The cumulative effect in North Carolina meant that black voters were completely eliminated from voter rolls during the period from 1896–1904. The growth of their thriving middle class was slowed. In North Carolina and other Southern states, there were also the effects of invisibility: "a decade of disfranchisement, the white supremacy campaign had erased the image of the black middle class from the minds of white North Carolinians."
Those who could not vote were not eligible to serve on juries and could not run for local offices. They effectively disappeared from political life, as they could not influence the state legislatures, and their interests were overlooked. While public schools had been established by Reconstruction legislatures for the first time in most Southern states; those for black children were consistently underfunded compared to schools for white children, even when considered within the strained finances of the postwar South where the decreasing price of cotton kept the agricultural economy at a low.
In some cases, progressive measures intended to reduce election fraud, such as the Eight Box Law in South Carolina, acted against black and white voters who were illiterate, as they could not follow the directions. While the separation of African Americans from the general population was becoming legalized and formalized during the Progressive Era (1890s–1920s), it was also becoming customary. For instance, even in cases in which Jim Crow laws did not expressly forbid black people to participate in sports or recreation, the laws shaped a segregated culture.
In the Jim Crow context, the presidential election of 1912 was steeply slanted against the interests of black Americans. Most blacks still lived in the South, where they had been effectively disfranchised, so they could not vote at all. While poll taxes and literacy requirements banned many poor or illiterate Americans from voting, these stipulations frequently had loopholes that exempted white Americans from meeting the requirements. In Oklahoma, for instance, anyone qualified to vote before 1866, or related to someone qualified to vote before 1866 (a kind of "grandfather clause"), was exempted from the literacy requirement; the only persons who could vote before that year were white male Americans. White Americans were effectively excluded from the literacy testing, whereas black Americans were effectively singled out by the law.
Woodrow Wilson, a Democrat elected from New Jersey, a Southern Democrat and the first Southern-born president of the post-Civil War period, appointed Southerners to his Cabinet. Some quickly began to press for segregated work places, although Washington, D.C. and federal offices had been integrated since after the Civil War. In 1913, for instance, the Secretary of the Treasury William Gibbs McAdoo – an appointee of the President – was heard to express his opinion of black and white women working together in one government office: "I feel sure that this must go against the grain of the white women. Is there any reason why the white women should not have only white women working across from them on the machines?"
Wilson introduced segregation in federal offices, despite much protest from African-American leaders and groups. He appointed segregationist Southern politicians because of his own firm belief that racial segregation was in the best interest of black and white Americans alike. At Gettysburg on July 4, 1913, the semi-centennial of Abraham Lincoln's declaration that "all men are created equal", Wilson addressed the crowd:
In sharp contrast to Wilson, a "Washington Bee" editorial wondered if the "reunion" of 1913 was a reunion of those who fought for "the extinction of slavery" or a reunion of those who fought to "perpetuate slavery and who are now employing every artifice and argument known to deceit" to present emancipation as a failed venture. One historian notes that the "Peace Jubilee" at which Wilson presided at Gettysburg in 1913 "was a Jim Crow reunion, and white supremacy might be said to have been the silent, invisible master of ceremonies." ("See also: Great Reunion of 1913")
Jim Crow laws were a product of the solidly Democratic South. Conservative white Southern Democrats, exploiting racial fear, attacking the corruption (real or perceived) of Reconstruction Republican governments, and suppressing the black vote by violence and intimidation, took over state governments in the South in the 1870s and essentially dominated them for nearly 100 years. They disfranchised most blacks through voter registration laws and new constitutions by the end of the nineteenth century. In 1956, Southern resistance to the Supreme Court's ruling in "Brown v. Board of Education" resulted in a resolution called the Southern Manifesto. It was read into the "Congressional Record" and supported by 96 Southern Congressmen and senators, all but two of them Southern Democrats.
Early attempts to break Jim Crow.
The Civil Rights Act of 1875, introduced by Charles Sumner and Benjamin F. Butler, stipulated a guarantee that everyone, regardless of race, color, or previous condition of servitude, was entitled to the same treatment in public accommodations, such as inns, public transportation, theaters, and other places of recreation. This Act had little effect. An 1883 Supreme Court decision ruled that the act was unconstitutional in some respects, saying Congress was not afforded control over private persons or corporations. With white southern Democrats forming a solid voting bloc in Congress, with power out of proportion to the percentage of population they represented, Congress did not pass another civil rights law until 1957.
In 1887, Rev. W. H. Heard lodged a complaint with the Interstate Commerce Commission against the Georgia Railroad company for discrimination, citing its provision of different cars for white and black/colored passengers. The company successfully appealed for relief on the grounds it offered separate but equal accommodation.
In 1890, Louisiana passed a law requiring separate accommodations for colored and white passengers on railroads. Louisiana law distinguished between "white", "black" and "colored" (that is, people of mixed European and African ancestry). The law already specified that blacks could not ride with white people, but colored people could ride with whites before 1890. A group of concerned black, colored and white citizens in New Orleans formed an association dedicated to rescinding the law. The group persuaded Homer Plessy, who was one-eighth "Negro" and of fair complexion, to test it.
In 1892, Plessy bought a first-class ticket from New Orleans on the East Louisiana Railway. Once he had boarded the train, he informed the train conductor of his racial lineage and took a seat in the whites-only car. He was directed to leave that car and sit instead in the "coloreds only" car. Plessy refused and was immediately arrested. The Citizens Committee of New Orleans fought the case all the way to the Supreme Court. They lost in "Plessy v. Ferguson" (1896), in which the Court ruled that "separate but equal" facilities were constitutional. The finding contributed to 58 more years of legalized discrimination against black and colored people in the United States.
In 1908 Congress defeated an attempt to introduce segregated streetcars into the capital itself.
Racism in the United States and defenses of Jim Crow.
White Southerners encountered problems in learning free labor management after the end of slavery, and they resented black Americans, who represented the Confederacy's Civil War defeat: "With white supremacy challenged throughout the South, many whites sought to protect their former status by threatening African Americans who exercised their new rights." White Democrats used their power to segregate public spaces and facilities in law and reestablish social dominance over blacks in the South.
One rationale for the systematic exclusion of black Americans from southern public society was that it was for their own protection. An early 20th-century scholar suggested that having allowed blacks in white schools would mean "constantly subjecting them to adverse feeling and opinion", which might lead to "a morbid race consciousness". This perspective took anti-black sentiment for granted, because bigotry was widespread in the South after slavery became a racial caste.
World War II era.
After World War II, African Americans increasingly challenged segregation, as they believed they had more than earned the right to be treated as full citizens because of their military service and sacrifices. The Civil Rights Movement was energized by a number of flashpoints, including the 1946 blinding of World War II veteran Isaac Woodard while he was in U.S. Army uniform. In 1948 President Harry S. Truman issued Executive Order 9981, desegregating the armed services.
As the Civil Rights Movement gained momentum and used federal courts to attack Jim Crow statutes, the white-dominated governments of many of the southern states countered by passing alternative forms of restrictions.
The NAACP Legal Defense Committee (a group that became independent of the NAACP) – and its lawyer, Thurgood Marshall – brought the landmark case "Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka", before the Supreme Court. In its pivotal 1954 decision, the Court unanimously overturned the 1896 "Plessy" decision. The Supreme Court found that legally mandated ("de jure") public school segregation was unconstitutional. The decision had far-reaching social ramifications. "De jure" segregation was not brought to an end until the passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. History has shown that problems of educating poor children are not confined to minority status, and states and cities have continued to grapple with approaches.
The court ruling did not stop "de facto" or residentially based school segregation. Such segregation continues today in many regions. Some city school systems have also begun to focus on issues of economic and class segregation rather than racial segregation, as they have found that problems are more prevalent when the children of the poor of any ethnic group are concentrated.
Associate Justice Frank Murphy introduced the word "racism" into the lexicon of U.S. Supreme Court opinions in "Korematsu v. United States", 323 U.S. 214 (1944). He stated that by upholding the forced relocation of Japanese Americans during World War II, the Court was sinking into "the ugly abyss of racism". This was the first time that "racism" was used in Supreme Court opinion (Murphy used it twice in a concurring opinion in "Steele v. Louisville & Nashville R. Co." 323 192 (1944) issued that day). Murphy used the word in five separate opinions, but after he left the court, "racism" was not used again in an opinion for almost two decades. It next appeared in the landmark decision of "Loving v. Virginia", .
Interpretation of the Constitution and its application to minority rights continues to be controversial as Court membership changes. Observers such as Ian F. Lopez believe that in the 2000s, the Supreme Court has become more protective of the status quo.
Removal.
Courts.
In the 20th century, the Supreme Court began to overturn Jim Crow laws on constitutional grounds. In "Buchanan v. Warley" 245 US 60 (1917), the court held that a Kentucky law could not require residential segregation. The Supreme Court in 1946, in "Irene Morgan v. Virginia" ruled segregation in interstate transportation to be unconstitutional, in an application of the commerce clause of the Constitution. It was not until 1954 in "Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka" that the court held that separate facilities were inherently unequal in the area of public schools, effectively overturning "Plessy v. Ferguson", and outlawing Jim Crow in other areas of society as well. This landmark case consisted of complaints filed in the states of Delaware ("Gebhart v. Belton"); South Carolina ("Briggs v. Elliott"); Virginia ("Davis v. County School Board of Prince Edward County"); and Washington, D.C. ("Spottswode Bolling v. C. Melvin Sharpe"). These decisions, along with other cases such as "McLaurin v. Oklahoma State Board of Regents" 339 US 637 (1950), "NAACP v. Alabama" 357 US 449 (1958), and "Boynton v. Virginia" 364 US 454 (1960), slowly dismantled the state-sponsored segregation imposed by Jim Crow laws.
Along with Jim Crow laws, by which the state compelled segregation of the races, private parties such as businesses, political parties and unions created their own Jim Crow arrangements, barring blacks from buying homes in certain neighborhoods, from shopping or working in certain stores, from working at certain trades, etc. The Supreme Court outlawed some forms of private discrimination in "Shelley v. Kraemer" 334 US 1 (1948), in which it held that restrictive covenants that barred sale of homes to blacks or Jews or Asians were unconstitutional, because they represented state-sponsored discrimination, in that they were only effective if the courts enforced them.
The Supreme Court was unwilling, however, to attack other forms of private discrimination. It reasoned that private parties did not violate the Equal Protection clause of the Constitution when they discriminated, because they were not "state actors" covered by that clause.
In 1971, the Supreme Court, in "Swann v. Charlotte-Mecklenburg Board of Education", upheld desegregation busing of students to achieve integration.
Public arena.
In 1955, Rosa Parks refused to give up her seat on a bus to a white man. This act of civil disobedience was an important catalyst in the growth of the Civil Rights movement. Her action, and the demonstrations which it stimulated, led to a series of legislative and court decisions which contributed to undermining the Jim Crow system.
When Martin Luther King, Jr., spearheaded the Montgomery Bus Boycott, following Parks' action, it was not the first of its kind. Numerous boycotts and demonstrations against segregation had occurred throughout the 1930s and 1940s. These early demonstrations achieved positive results and helped spark political activism. K. Leroy Irvis of Pittsburgh's Urban League, for instance, led a demonstration against employment discrimination by Pittsburgh's department stores in 1947, launching his own influential political career.
End of "de jure" segregation.
In January 1964, President Lyndon Johnson met with civil rights leaders. On January 8, during his first State of the Union address, Johnson asked Congress to "let this session of Congress be known as the session which did more for civil rights than the last hundred sessions combined." On June 21, civil rights workers Michael Schwerner, Andrew Goodman, and James Chaney disappeared in Neshoba County, Mississippi, where they were volunteering in the registration of African-American voters as part of the Mississippi Summer Project. The disappearance of the three activists captured national attention and the ensuing outrage was used by Johnson and civil rights activists to build a coalition of northern Democrats and Republicans and push Congress to pass the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Voting Rights Act of 1965.
On July 2, 1964, Johnson signed the historic Civil Rights Act of 1964. It invoked the commerce clause to outlaw discrimination in public accommodations (privately owned restaurants, hotels, and stores, and in private schools and workplaces). This use of the commerce clause was upheld in "Heart of Atlanta Motel v. United States" 379 US 241 (1964).
By 1965, efforts to break the grip of state disfranchisement had been under way for some time, but had achieved only modest success overall and in some areas had proved almost entirely ineffectual. The murder of the three voting-rights activists in Mississippi in 1964 and the state's refusal to prosecute the murderers, along with numerous other acts of violence and terrorism against blacks, had gained national attention. Finally, the unprovoked attack on March 7, 1965, by state troopers on peaceful marchers crossing the Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma, Alabama, en route to the state capitol in Montgomery, persuaded the President and Congress to overcome Southern legislators' resistance to effective voting rights enforcement legislation. President Johnson issued a call for a strong voting rights law and hearings soon began on the bill that would become the Voting Rights Act.
The Voting Rights Act of 1965 ended legally sanctioned state barriers to voting for all federal, state and local elections. It also provided for federal oversight and monitoring of counties with historically low minority voter turnout, as this was a sign of discriminatory barriers.
Legacy.
Legal.
The Supreme Court of the United States held in the "Civil Rights Cases" 109 US 3 (1883) that the Fourteenth Amendment did not give the federal government the power to outlaw private discrimination, and then held in "Plessy v. Ferguson" 163 US 537 (1896) that Jim Crow laws were constitutional as long as they allowed for "separate but equal" facilities. In the years that followed, the court made this "separate but equal" requirement a hollow phrase by upholding discriminatory laws in the face of evidence of profound inequalities in practice.
Political.
Within each house of Congress Northern Democrats gave the Civil Rights Act of 1964 more support than did Northern Republicans and Southern Democrats more support than Southern Republicans. Amongst members of the U.S. House of Representatives who represented congressional districts in the South, more Democrats (seven out of 94 or roughly seven percent) than Republicans (none out of 10) voted for the Act. Of Northern Democrats in the House, 145 (out of 154 or 94 percent) voted for the Act compared with 138 (out of 162 or 85 percent) Northern Republicans. All (100 percent) of the 10 Southern Republicans in the U.S. Senate voted against the Act as did most (20 or 95 percent of 21) Southern Democrats. This pattern of greater support for civil rights coming from Democrats than from Republicans also shows among Northerners: 98 percent (45 out of 46) of Northern Democrats but only 84 percent (27 out of 32) of Republicans supported the Civil Rights Act of 1964.
African-American life.
The Jim Crow laws and the high rate of lynchings in the South were major factors in the Great Migration during the first half of the 20th century. Because opportunities were so limited in the South, African Americans moved in great numbers to northern cities to seek better lives, becoming an urbanized population.
Despite the hardship and prejudice of the Jim Crow era, several black entertainers and literary figures gained broad popularity with white audiences in the early 20th century. They included luminaries such as tap dancers Bill "Bojangles" Robinson and the Nicholas Brothers, jazz musicians such as Duke Ellington and Count Basie, and the actress Hattie McDaniel (in 1939 she was the first black to receive an Academy Award when she won the Best Supporting Actress Oscar for her performance as Mammy in "Gone with the Wind").
African-American athletes faced much discrimination during the Jim Crow period. White opposition led to their exclusion from most organized sporting competition. The boxers Jack Johnson and Joe Louis (both of whom became world heavyweight boxing champions) and track and field athlete Jesse Owens (who won four gold medals at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin) earned fame during this era. In baseball, a color line instituted in the 1880s had informally barred blacks from playing in the major leagues, leading to the development of the Negro Leagues, which featured many fine players. A major breakthrough occurred in 1947, when Jackie Robinson was hired as the first African American to play in Major League Baseball; he permanently broke the color bar. Baseball teams continued to integrate in the following years, leading to the full participation of black baseball players in the Major Leagues in the 1960s.
Remembrance.
Ferris State University in Big Rapids, Michigan, houses the Jim Crow Museum of Racist Memorabilia, an extensive collection of everyday items that promoted racial segregation or presented racial stereotypes of African Americans, for the purpose of academic research and education about their cultural influence.
Examples.
Examples of Jim Crow laws are shown at the National Park Service website.
The examples include anti-miscegenation laws. Although sometimes counted among "Jim Crow laws" of the South, such laws were also passed by other states. Anti-miscegenation laws were not repealed by the Civil Rights Act of 1964 but were declared unconstitutional by the 1967 Supreme Court ruling in "Loving v. Virginia".

</doc>
<doc id="19481144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481144" title="Apolosi Satala">
Apolosi Satala

Apolosi Vonowale Satala (born 14 August 1978 in Namoli, Lautoka Fiji) is a Fijian rugby union footballer. He plays as a wing, centre, number eight and Flanker . His nickname is Apo. He is the cousin of Namoli steelman, Viliame Satala. He is married to Olivia and they have two children and is a private in the Army serving with 1st Battalion The Royal Regiment of Scotland. He grew up in the city of Lautoka and he played for Lautoka in the National Provincial Rugby Tournament in Fiji. He has represented Fiji in the Rugby Sevens as well as in fifteens. He plays as a prop/hooker in the sevens code. He is a member of the British Armed Forces and he also played sevens rugby for the army team winning many tournaments.
He represented Fiji in the 2006 Commonwealth Games where Fiji won the bronze medal defeating Australia. He was picked by the Leeds Carnegie rugby club which plays in the National Division One. He played 8 games for them scoring his first try against Saracens in the EDF Energy Cup and scored a further 2 against defending champions, Bath. A member of the winning Army Middlesex Sevens team in both 2001 and 2004, he played for Fiji in the 2005 Rugby World Cup Sevens and returned from Hong Kong with a winners medal and the Melrose Cup. he made his debut for Fiji in the XV's man code in June 2005 against Tonga. he has also played for the Heriot's Rugby Club and the Edinburgh Gunners briefly. He now plays for the Gloucester rugby as a replacement for injured flanker and fellow Fijian, Akapusi Qera. He signed a contract with Gloucester until the end of the 2009/2010 season. He has signed to join Sale Sharks for the 2010/2011 season on a 1 year contract.

</doc>
<doc id="19481174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481174" title="Spiro Malakellis">
Spiro Malakellis

Spiro Malakellis (born 23 April 1968) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Geelong in the Victorian Football League (VFL) and Port Adelaide Football Club in the South Australian Football League during the late 1980s and early 1990s.
Malakellis was born in Walgatt in 1968 and grew up in Portarlington before moving to Geelong where he attended Geelong High School. The elder brother of Tony Malakellis, he started his career at Geelong Amateurs.
After finishing with Geelong, Malakellis spent a season playing with Port Adelaide.

</doc>
<doc id="19481194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481194" title="L'Appel">
L'Appel

"L'Appel" ("The Appeal") was a collaborationist periodicial of Vichy France. It was the organ of the collaborationist French League and edited by the League's leader, Pierre Costantini of the Parti populaire français (PPF). Its two main contributors were Robert Julien-Courtine (1910-1998) and Paul Riche.

</doc>
<doc id="19481197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481197" title="Stano">
Stano

Stano may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19481232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481232" title="Thioselenide">
Thioselenide

A thioselenide is a compound containing a selenium-sulfur bond.
The mammalian version of the protein thioredoxin reductase contains a selenocysteine residue which forms a thioselenide (analogous to a disulfide) upon oxidation.
The selenium-sulfur bond length is about 220 picometers.

</doc>
<doc id="19481234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481234" title="Sara Del Carmen Jofre González">
Sara Del Carmen Jofre González

Sara Del Carmen Jofre González (September 28, 1935 – February 18, 2008) was the President and CEO of the Georgia Hispanic Chamber of Commerce (1996–2008) and founder of the Hispanic American Center for Economic Development (2001) in Atlanta.
She received the Civic Venture's Purpose Prize, in 2007, for her work and leadership in social innovation; MALDEF's (Mexican American Legal Defense and Education Fund)"Lifetime Achievement Award" in 2008; and the Georgia State Senate's Resolution SR 1102, also in 2008, for her work and leadership in social innovation. (1), (2), (5)
Biography.
Sara Del Carmen Jofre González, the daughter of Ricardo Jofre and Cecilia Rodriguez Jofre, was born September 28, 1935 in Havana, Cuba, but fled the country late in 1960 with her two young children, Luis de La Valette and Ofelia de La Valette. Her first husband, a recognized equestrian who had represented Cuba in the Pan-American Games and whose family owned the Perez-Vento Sanatorium in Guanabacoa, had been publicly denounced by the new government controlled media as a counter-revolutionary and as such faced imprisonment and execution by firing squad. They relocated to New York City. She later married Harvard fellow Dr. Fernando González and had a daughter, Isabel González. They relocated to Atlanta, Georgia in 1975. Sara and Fernando opened one of the first Cuban restaurants in Atlanta, Sarita's, which was reviewed by USA Today in 1986 and featured as one of the best Cuban restaurants in the country. The restaurant ultimately closed, but she frequently credited the experience as giving her the passion for wanting to help others succeed where she had failed. She later worked for the Latin American Association in Atlanta as fundraiser, and the International Olympic Committee as the director of Hispanic Community Relations. (4), (12)
She has said of Fidel Castro's impact on her life: "Fidel Castro has done a lot of bad things, but in a way he changed me, who I am and who I was supposed to be." (8)
Sara has been interviewed for and featured in numerous media outlets including: "The Economist", "Atlanta Journal-Constitution", AARP Magazine, Delta Sky, "The Chronicle of Philanthropy", "The New York Times", "The Wall Street Journal" with a special podcast on the "Wall Street Journal" web site, the BBC, PBS, local radio and television stations throughout Georgia. (10), (13), (16)
Sara sat on numerous boards including: Junior Achievement of Georgia, the Atlanta Stakeholder's Committee, the Atlanta Police Foundation, and Vote America. (3), (7)
Her son, Luis de La Valette, lives in Miami and is retired from the lumber industry. Her daughter, Ofelia de La Valette, owns a dance studio, Dance 101, in Atlanta, Georgia, and her youngest daughter, Isabel Cristina Gonzalez Whitaker lives in New York City and is an editor for "In Style" magazine and author of "Latin Chic: Entertaining with Style and Sass". (11), (14)
Career.
An advocate and leader for Hispanic economic growth and immigrant rights, she established many services and programs to aid the newly arrived as well as those seeking betterment through entrepreneurship. (1), (2)
As President and CEO of the GHCC, she increased membership over 660% (1500 members in 2007) by targeting for the first time corporate entities headquartered in Georgia such as The Home Depot (who placed an executive level Vice President on the GHCC's Board of Directors 2008), The Coca-Cola Company, Georgia Power and Light, The UPS Company, and AT&T as well as numerous local Hispanic firms. Of broadening membership to include corporate companies, she would proudly state that she "finally got them to eat black beans" and therefore they understood the relevance and importance of the growing Hispanic community. Her leadership firmly established the GHCC as the largest Hispanic Chamber in the Southeast. She established the GHCC annual gala making it the largest event reaching the Hispanic market in the state of Georgia. In 2000, she created the Hispanic Caucus at Georgia State Capital, Hispanic Day at the Capitol, and Political Candidates Forums helping to bring Hispanic politicians and Hispanic issues to wider audience in Georgia. In 2000 she also created the Hispanic Business and Career Expo with more than 700 participants annually in Atlanta. (3), (4), (8), (9), (18), (19)
In 2001 she established "HACED", the Hispanic American Center for Economic Development, the first ever business incubator for Hispanics in all of the southeast United States; To date more than 11,000 new businesses started in Georgia; has helped more than 35,000 entrepreneurs in all aspects of business with more than 100 educational seminars offered. Satellite offices and programs in Savannah, Dalton, Athens, Augusta, Cartersville, Canton, Gainesville, Lyons, Moultrie, Nashville, Newnan, Rome, Quitman, Tifton, Valdosta, and Warner Robins, Georgia. (5), (6), (12)
"I come here everyday to try to help the Latino community." Gonzalez says in her 2007 Purpose Prize interview about the GHCC and HACED. "I see our organization as a bridge between the Latino community and corporate America. Through our small business incubator we try to address the individual needs to whoever comes to us." (1)
From 2004 to 2007, Sara established, under the umbrella of the GHCC, the Argentine-American Chamber of Commerce, Dominican-American Chamber of Commerce, and the Ecuadorian-American Chamber of Commerce to open doors to new markets for Georgia business and their foreign counterparts. (7), (12)
"Sara and I were colleagues at the Atlanta Committee for the Olympic Games," said Atlanta Mayor Shirley Franklin. "She was a friend whose vision for Georgia included everybody. She dedicated her life to her family and worked tirelessly to form alliances and partnerships for the betterment of the Hispanic community all the while advancing business opportunities for all minorities. As a friend she was warm, open and supportive in every step of my professional life. I offer my condolences to her family and extended family of friends." (20)
References.
(1) Purpose Prize: Meet Sara Gonzalez, Incubating new Hispanic businesses and linking them to the larger business world: http://www.purposeprize.org/finalists/finalists2007/gonzalez.cfm
(2) Sara Gonzalez, Advocate for Hispanic Entrepreneurs: http://www.encore.org/news/community-improvement-ca/memorium-sara-gonzalez-e
(3) Sara Gonzalez, GHCC: http://www.ghcc.org/GHCCStaff.html
(4) Longtime head of Hispanic chamber dies: http://www.ajc.com/metro/content/metro/stories/2008/02/20/sara_0220.html
(5) I think it's time to pass the baton' Leader of Hispanic business organization steps down after 12 productive years. Date: November 29, 2007 Publication: Atlanta Journal-Constitution, The (GA) Page Number: JE11 Word Count: 361
(6) www.haced.org
(7) A Latina Trailblazer: http://www.latinastyle.com/currentissue/v14-2/traiblazer.html
(8) http://www.turknett.com/sectionE/inthenews.asp and wilhighlightsSept.2007_001.pdf
(9) www.ghcc.org
(10) http://stories.globalatlanta.com/2008stories/016056.html
(11) http://www.harpercollinsspeakersbureau.com/Speakers/Default.aspx?SpId=319
(12) Georgia State General Assembly: http://www.legis.state.ga.us/legis/2007_08/list/sr1100.htm
(13) Chronicle of Philanthropy: http://philanthropy.com/free/articles/v19/i18/18004201.htm
(14) www.dance101.org
(15) Scot Ober, Contemporary Business Communication, Sixth Edition, Houghton Mifflin, pg 466, Chapter 13, "Planning the Business Presentation"
(16) http://www.pbs.org/now/enterprisingideas/blog/2007/06/
(17) http://atlanta.bizjournals.com/atlanta/potm/2007-10-29/
(18) http://www.hispanictips.com/2008/02/20/georgia-hispanic-chamber-sara-gonzalez-dies/
(19) http://www.hispanictips.com/2008/01/17/georgia-hispanic-chamber-commerce-hosts-seventh-annual-georgia-hispanic-caucus-breakfast/
(20) http://www.ghcc.org/TributetoSara.html

</doc>
<doc id="19481240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481240" title="Richard L. Duchossois">
Richard L. Duchossois

Richard L. "Dick" Duchossois (pronounced DUCH-ah-swah) (born October 7, 1921) is an American businessman and racehorse owner. He was the founder and Chairman of The Duchossois Group, Inc., a family-owned company headquartered in Elmhurst, Illinois that is known for its ownership stakes in Arlington Park and Churchill Downs race tracks, as well as for railcar and defense manufacturing.
Early life and family.
Duchossois graduated from Morgan Park Military Academy and attended Washington and Lee University before starting active military service during World War II. He served in five European campaigns and attained the rank of Major before he was released from active service in 1946. 
His son Craig J. Duchossois is Chief Executive Officer of The Duchossois Group, Inc. and serves as Chairman of the Board of Visitors of the United States Naval Academy.
Career.
Richard Duchossois joined Thrall Car Manufacturing Company after World War II and became CEO in 1952. In 1980, the firm purchased Chamberlain Manufacturing Corp., with Duchossois becoming its Chairman. At the same time, he retained the chairmanship of the parent company, but appointed his son as CEO. 
In 1983, as Chairman of renamed Duchossois Industries (DII), he purchased Arlington Park Race Track. In 2000, Arlington Park merged with Churchill Downs Incorporated, where DII has several seats on the Board of Directors.
He serves as a director of TCMC, Inc., the Emirates World Series of Racing, and the Thoroughbred Racing Association.
His awards include the 1986 American Jockey Club's Gold Medal, the 1988 Special Sovereign Award from the Jockey Club of Canada, and Lord Derby Award from the Horserace Writers and Reporters Association of Great Britain, the Joe Palmer Award for Meritorious Service to Racing from the National Turf Writers Association, the 2003 Eclipse Award of Merit, and selection to the Chicagoland Sports Hall of Fame. He received an honorary Doctor of Laws degree from Washington and Lee.

</doc>
<doc id="19481246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481246" title="Kershaw County School District">
Kershaw County School District

Kershaw County School District (KCSD) is a public school district in Kershaw County, South Carolina (USA). Led by Superintendent of Schools Frank Morgan, KCSD serves 10,200+ students and employs 1,300 faculty members across 20 schools. The Main Office is located on DuBose Court in Camden, South Carolina.
i-Can Program.
In 2004, the Kershaw County School District became the first school district in the state of South Carolina to provide every high school freshmen with their own personal laptop computer. The district partnered with HP to provide the students with laptops. Students used the computers through all four years of high school and were given the option to purchase them for $50 at the end of their senior year.
In 2012, it was announced that all incoming ninth-graders for the 2012-2013 school year will receive Apple iPad 2s. The Kershaw County Board of School Trustees voted unanimously for that to happen as part of the Kershaw County School District’s (KCSD) ongoing i-Can program. The board estimates spending $1.37 million for 1,918 iPad 2 units along with 821 laptops, pay for 15 technicians and one-time costs to improve bandwidth and wireless access at all three of the high schools in the Kershaw County School District.
Facilities equalization.
The Kershaw County School District undertook a "Facilities Equalization" plan in late 2007 in an effort to give students the same opportunities throughout the county, regardless of where they lived. Phase 1 of the 102.2 million-dollar plan includes two new middle schools, Camden Middle School and Lugoff-Elgin Middle School, new wellness facilities at all three high schools, a new elementary school, and two elementary renovation projects.

</doc>
<doc id="19481265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481265" title="Mesmer (film)">
Mesmer (film)

Mesmer is a 1994 Biographical film directed by Roger Spottiswoode from a script by Dennis Potter. It stars Alan Rickman as Franz Anton Mesmer and depicts his radical new ways as a pioneering physician.
Plot.
In 18th century Vienna, Franz Anton Mesmer believes he is able to heal patients by drawing out something unique from inside his patients. However, the only ones who seem to have improvements are the young ladies he helps. His controversial methods and their consequences lead him to leave Vienna and head to Paris. However, once there, he takes advantage of his unique methods to provide entertainment, which he is censured for by other doctors.
Movie Extras.
The movie was released on videocassette by First Look and in Canada in 1994 by Cineplex Odeon and MCA. In 2000, the movie was released on DVD by Image Entertainment, but has been discontinued since. As of January 3, 2010, there have been no plans made to release a new DVD.
This movie was shot in Vienna, Austria with the interior shots filmed at Esterházy Palace in Fertõd, Hungary.
Mesmer was released in August 1994 in Canada, at the Montréal World Film Festival.
Movie Quotes.
Franz Anton Mesmer: (with sarcasm) Professor Doctor Stoerk, can I help you at all? I deal with most derangements, sir.

</doc>
<doc id="19481278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481278" title="Jörg Woithe">
Jörg Woithe

Jörg Woithe (born 11 April 1963) is a German former swimmer. He competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow and won a gold medal in the 100 m freestyle and a silver medal in the 4×200 m freestyle relay; he finished fourth in the 200 m freestyle and 4×100 m freestyle relay.
Between 1981 and 1987 he won two gold, seven silver and five bronze medals at the world and European championships.
After retiring from swimming he received a degree from the German Institute of Physical Education in Lepzig (Deutsche Hochschule für Körperkultur) via distance learning. He then worked as a swimming coach, and was also employed by companies producing swimming articles and high-performance lubricants. In 2012 he was hired by the Iranian swimming team.

</doc>
<doc id="19481283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481283" title="Lake Merwin">
Lake Merwin

Lake Merwin is a reservoir on the Lewis River in the U.S. state of Washington. It lies on the border between Clark County and Cowlitz County. It was created in 1931 with the construction of Merwin Dam.

</doc>
<doc id="19481302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481302" title="Ajanta Group">
Ajanta Group

Ajanta Group diversified group of companies, active in textiles, transport, construction equipment and machinery. It mainly sells clocks in India, and now also plans to sell inexpensive electric vehicles under the Oreva brand-name.
The Oreva Super is a low-cost electric car soon to be produced by the Ajanta Group. It will reportedly cost less than INR 100,000 or USD 2050.

</doc>
<doc id="19481305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481305" title="Jean Mamy">
Jean Mamy

Jean Mamy (8 July 1912, Chambéry, Savoie - 29 March 1949, Arcueil) was a French actor, producer, film and theatre director, screenwriter and journalist, notable for his collaboration with the Vichy regime (for which he was shot in 1949). He was also known by the pseudonym Paul Riche, and wrote for "L'Appel". He belonged to the inter-war left and was film editor on Jean Renoir's 1931 "On purge bébé", but on the fall of France he decided on collaboration. His last film was the anti-Masonic 1943 film "Forces occultes", which he directed (he had from 1931 to 1939 been Venerable of the Renan lodge of the Grand Orient de France, but had since parted company with Freemasonry).

</doc>
<doc id="19481308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481308" title="Anthony Judge">
Anthony Judge

Anthony Judge, (Port Said, 21 January 1940) is mainly known for his career at the Union of International Associations (UIA), where he has been Director of Communications and Research, as well as Assistant Secretary-General. He was responsible at the UIA for the development of interlinked databases and for publications based on those databases, mainly the Encyclopedia of World Problems and Human Potential, the Yearbook of International Organizations, and the International Congress Calendar. Judge has also personally authored a collection of over 1,600 documents of relevance to governance and strategy-making. All these papers are freely available on his personal website "Laetus in Praesens". Now retired from the UIA, he is continuing his research within the context of an initiative called "Union of Imaginable Associations".
Early life.
Anthony John Nesbitt (Tony) Judge, an Australian national, was born in Port Said, Egypt, in 1940. His father was a pilot and officer in the Royal Air Force. He was brought up in what was Rhodesia (now Zimbabwe), with some schooling in the United Kingdom and Australia. He did chemical engineering at Imperial College (London) and an MBA at the University of Cape Town. He worked at the Union of International Associations between 1961 and 1963, and from 1968 till 2007. He is still living in Belgium, his wife is German, and they have one son.
Career.
Anthony Judge's work at the UIA, from the sixties until 2007, involved the adaptation of a wide range of emerging technologies to data management and knowledge management, such as in-house computers, computer typesetting, email, extension of email access to developing countries, metadata structure, collaborative editing, Machine translation, web technology, VRML, and inter-institutional data integration. A particular focus of his activities was on the possibilities of visualizing networks of organizations, world problems and other sets of data.
His work also involved the production of many research papers relevant to the strategic position of international organizations and the organized response to world problems. He wrote papers for instance on dialogue facilitation, transformative conferencing, information system design, relevance of metaphor for governance and communication, transdisciplinarity, and concepts of human development.
Under Judge's direction the UIA developed the most extensive databases on global civil society and its networks. Those databases contain entries on international nonprofit bodies (61,000+), biography profiles (24,000+), international meetings (240,000+, past and future), world problems (56,000+), global strategies (32,000+), concepts of human development (4,800+), human values (3,300+), and more. Additionally, the amount of links between different entries in the databases reaches over 2,000,000. Publications based on those databases include the Encyclopedia of World Problems and Human Potential, the Yearbook of International Organizations, the International Congress Calendar, and many other.
Judge carried out also consulting and related activities with such institutions as the United Nations Institute for Training and Research (UNITAR), UNESCO, UN Environment Programme (UNEP), UN University (Tokyo), and the Commonwealth Science Council. One of his continuing research interests has been innovation in international meeting processes, especially in conferences with special problems. He thus played advisory and facilitatory roles in several events such as Inter-Sectoral Dialogue (Rio de Janeiro, 1992), World Futures Studies Conference (Turku, 1993), and Parliament of the World's Religions (Chicago, 1993). 
Encyclopedia of World Problems and Human Potential.
The "Encyclopedia of World Problems and Human Potential", of which Anthony Judge has been the main architect, is a monumental work that came into being thanks to a partnership between the UIA and Mankind 2000. Initiated in 1972, that collaborative project gave rise to a succession of editions of the "Encyclopedia" in 1976, 1986, 1990, and 1995, while in 2000 a new edition was made available as a collection of online databases through the UIA website. In 2005, following disagreement over the partnership contract, and as Executive Secretary of Mankind 2000, Judge reframed the "Encyclopedia" as having been a strategic initiative of the Union of Intelligible Associations.
Richard Slaughter, in a review article, praised in particular the "Encyclopedia" introductory and commentary texts (available online), which were mainly written by Judge himself. Slaughter emphasized that the significance of this work is not its size or the scope of its tens of thousands of references, impressive though these are. It is rather in the nature of what has been attempted. Those numerous accompanying texts, he said, are good enough to be published separately because they contain highly cogent observations on the "global problematique", commentaries on the work of numerous great thinkers from a wide variety of fields, and an impressive array of insights about the epistemology, symbolism, metaphysics, metaphors and linguistic representations of the subject.
Writings.
Over the years Judge has produced more than 1,600 papers on information, knowledge organization, and other topics of relevance to governance, policy and strategy-making. Most of these papers are freely available on his personal website "Laetus in Praesens" (translated from Latin: "Joy in the Present"), where they are listed by themes and dates. Many of them evolve around the quest to create a wiser and more functional world, especially in the perspective of learning from the relative lack of success of past initiatives in view of the dimensions and urgency of challenges. His work has a high level of novelty, for instance innovation in the use of metaphors, art, poetry, debate, data-visualization and system structures. The exploratory interdisciplinary methodology of futures studies, with which Judge has long been associated, also significantly gives form to his whole, unique, work.
Now retired from the UIA, Anthony Judge is continuing to write within the context of an initiative called "Union of Imaginable Associations", and its associated projects.

</doc>
<doc id="19481399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481399" title="Criminal Law (Consolidation) (Scotland) Act 1995">
Criminal Law (Consolidation) (Scotland) Act 1995

The Criminal Law (Consolidation) (Scotland) Act 1995 (c.39) is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom passed to consolidate certain enactments creating offences and relating to the criminal law of Scotland.
Part I - Sexual Offences.
Offences against children.
Sections 5 and 6 were repealed by the Sexual Offences (Scotland) Act 2009 on 1 December 2010.
Procuring, prostitution, etc..
Section 11 also makes it an offence for a person to keep, manage, or act or assist in the management of a brothel; for a tenant, lessee etc. to knowingly permit premises to be used as a brothel or for habitual prostitution; or for the lessor or landlord (or agent), knowing that premises are used as a brothel, to permit their continued use. The maximum penalty for these offences is 7 years imprisonment, or 12 months on summary conviction.
Homosexual offences.
Section 13 also makes it an offence for a person to live wholly or in part on the earnings of another from male prostitution or to solicit or importune any male person for the purpose of procuring the commission of a homosexual act. The maximum penalty for these offences on indictment is 2 years imprisonment, and on summary conviction 12 months imprisonment.
This section was largely repealed by the Sexual Offences (Scotland) Act 2009 on 1 December 2010, leaving only the definition of homosexual act, the offences of living off the earnings of male prostitution and soliciting/importuning any male person for the purpose of procuring the commission of a homosexual act, and the provision treating premises as a brothel for the purposes of sections 11 and 12 (described above).
Miscellaneous.
Sections 14 to 18 contain miscellaneous provisions relating to sexual offences.
This section was repealed by the Sexual Offences (Scotland) Act 2009 on 1 December 2010.
Part II - Sporting Events: Control of Alcohol etc..
Part II of the Act (sections 18 to 23) allow the Scottish Ministers (formerly the Secretary of State for Scotland) to designate sports grounds or sports events, to which certain special controls apply.
Section 19 creates offences of being in possession of alcohol, allowing the possession of alcohol, or being drunk on vehicles going to or from a designated sporting event.
Section 20 creates offences of being in possession of a controlled container, a controlled article or substance or alcohol in a relevant area of a designated sports ground, or of attempting to enter the ground while in possession. Controlled articles/substances include fireworks, distress flares, fog signals and other substances that can be used as a flare. Controlled containers are those that could be used as a missile, e.g. a beer bottle. It is also an offence for a person to be drunk in the relevant area of a designated sports ground, or to attempt to enter the ground while drunk.
Section 21 gives the police powers of entry and search.
These provisions were previously in the Criminal Justice (Scotland) Act 1980.
Current designations are under the Sports Grounds and Sporting Events (Designation)(Scotland) Order 2004. The Sports Grounds and Sporting Events (Designation)(Scotland) Amendment Order 2007 de-designated Senior Men's International Rugby Union Matches played at Murrayfield Stadium and Hampden Park, allowing alcohol to be sold at matches during the 2007 Rugby World Cup.
Part III - Detention by Customs Officers.
Part III of the Act deals with detention and questioning by customs officers. These sections were formerly sections 48 to 50 of the Criminal Justice (Scotland) Act 1987.
Section 24 gives officers of Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs power to detain a person for up to 6 hours to facilitate the carrying out of investigations into a criminal offence and/or whether criminal proceedings should be instigated for that offence. The power applies only to offences relating to "assigned matters" (defined in section 1 of the Customs and Excise Management Act 1979 which are punishable by imprisonment. Subsections (5) and (8) set out various protections for the rights of the detained person.
Section 25 provides that where a person is detained under section 24, he is entitled to have intimation of his detention and of the place of detention sent to a solicitor and to one other person named by him without delay, and the person is to be informed of this entitlement. Where some delay is necessary in the interest of the investigation or the prevention of crime or the apprehension of offenders, this is to be done with no more delay than is so necessary. Where the detained person is a child (under 16), notification is to be sent to the child's parent, who is entitled to attend.
Section 26 provides further powers in connection with drug smuggling offences, where it is believed that a controlled drug is secreted in a person's body. The section authorises detention for up to 24 hours, the taking of blood and urine samples, intimate searches by a registered medical practitioner. The period of detention can be extended up to 7 days in certain circumstances on application by the procurator fiscal to the sheriff.
Part IV - Investigation of Serious or Complex Fraud.
Part IV of the Act deals with the investigation of serious or complex fraud. These sections were formerly sections 51 to 54 of the Criminal Justice (Scotland) Act 1987.
Section 27 empowers the Lord Advocate to make a direction where it appears to the Lord Advocate—
Where a direction has been made, the special investigatory powers in section 28 apply.
The Lord Advocate may also give a direction under this section by virtue of section 15(4) of the Crime (International Co-operation) Act 2003 or on a request being made to him by the Attorney-General of the Isle of Man, Jersey or Guernsey acting under corresponding legislation.
Section 28 sets out special powers of investigation which are available when a direction has been made. A person nominated by the Lord Advocate may require the person under investigation, or anyone else who may have relevant information, to answer questions or furnish information or provide documents relevant to the investigation. There is power to obtain a search warrant where documents are not provided or for other special reasons. There are also protections for information subject to legal professional privilege.
Part V - Drug Trafficking.
Part V of the Act formerly dealt with drug trafficking. It was repealed by the Proceeds of Crime Act 2002
Part VI - Miscellaneous and General.
Part VI of the Act contains a number of miscellaneous provisions.
See also.
Criminal Law Act

</doc>
<doc id="19481427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481427" title="Alexander Bernardazzi">
Alexander Bernardazzi

Aleksander Osipovich Bernardazzi (, alternative spelling: Alexandr Bernardacci, ) (1831 – August 14, 1907) was a Russian (of Swiss Italian origin) architect best known for his work in Odessa and Chişinău.
His life.
Bernardazzi was born in Pyatigorsk in 1831. The town had been almost completely built by his father, Giuseppe Bernardazzi, and uncle, who were originally Swiss from Pambio. Very early Bernardazzi demonstrated artistic talent and was eventually sent to study in Moscow. His first architectural job was in Chişinău from 1856-1878, where he served as the city architect. In 1878 Bernardazzi moved to Odessa and lived there for over thirty years. In 1879 Bernardazzi became the Odessa city architect and in the mid-1880s he was appointed an architect at the Novaya Rossiya University in Odessa. Bernardazzi died August 14, 1907 in Fastiv. He was buried beside his mother in Chişinău.
Major work.
In the mid-1880s he designed:
Bernardazzi designed a large number of residential buildings and mansions:
By the 100th Anniversary of Odessa, Odessa city architect Bernardazzi led the work of the Technical Division of the Architectural Society and instructed the design and construction of a number of public buildings. Bernardazzi most memorable designs were in the 1890s:
Bernardazzi is also responsible for Baranova 18 (Баранова)(1902) and Troitskaya 18 (Троицкая)(1903).
His other work includes:

</doc>
<doc id="19481429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481429" title="Selebi">
Selebi

Selebi can refer to

</doc>
<doc id="19481431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481431" title="National Healthcareer Association">
National Healthcareer Association

The National Healthcareer Association (NHA) is a national professional certification agency for healthcare workers in the United States. Granting credentials in more than 8 allied health specialties, it is an organizational member of the National Organization for Competency Assurance (NOCA). The National Healthcareer Association partners with educational institutions nationwide with over 350,000 certified individuals. It is one of the largest certification and continuing education providers. The National Healthcareer Association works with health training institutions, hospitals, unions, and the Defense Department through D.A.N.T.E.S.; it has approved over 2400 training/testing locations throughout the US and in several countries. These institutions offer allied health programs and use the national certification as their "End Of Program Credential." 
Healthcare professional certification is different from a license such as a Registered Nurse, or a licensed practical nurse. Although certification is not state mandated and/or regulated in all 50 states, most employers and industry organizations prefer their employees to be certified. 
Where Certified Individuals Work.
Certified technicians work alongside licensed nurses and/or doctors. These positions would include individuals working as a phlebotomist, EKG technician, clinical medical assistant, patient care technicians, medical laboratory assistants, medical transcriptionists, medical administrative assistants, billing and coding specialists, mental health technicians, and surgical/operating room technicians. Many hospitals, private practices, and organizations throughout the country require national certification as a competence standard. The National Healthcareer Association is a part of the National Organization for Competency Assurance. The National Healthcareer Association helps set performance ethics standards among health care professionals, establish education requirements, and set guidelines for national certifications.
Continuing Education Requirements.
Because of changes and updates in the healthcare industry, certified technicians are required to maintain their certification by completing continuing education credits throughout the year, or the duration of their certificate's expiration date. These continuing education credits or units (CEUs) can be earned through the certification agency or through their employer and then verified by the National Healthcareer Association. Continuing education ensures competency standards throughout the duration of employment of the certified individual, and keeps them aware of changes and new regulations in the allied healthcare industry.
Covered Certification Exams.
The National Healthcareer Association writes, develops and publishes the certification exams for allied health professions: medical assistant, phlebotomy, EKG, pharmacy technician, medical billing and coding, administrative medical assistants, patient care technician and electronic health records.
The National Healthcareer Association's Partnerships.
The State of New Jersey's program was the Certified Patient Care Technician (CPCT) Program. It was an accelerated, three-week program for UH Nursing staff and shows the coordination that exists between the National Healthcareer Association and state and regional associations. The training and certification were sponsored by UMDNJ's Career Training and Advancement Center (CTAC), coordinated by the Department of Human Resources and grant-funded by the Bank of America. 
CTAC and nursing leadership at the University Hospital worked closely with the National Healthcareer Association to develop a comprehensive program specific to the needs of the university. The CPCT model advanced the skills and competencies of incumbent Nursing Assistants in entry level positions within the nursing career ladder while instituting a new, team-based, patient care model. The new skills developed were phlebotomy, EKG/ECG, basic patient care and medical assisting skills.
The Department of Defense's agency, Defense Activity for Non-Traditional Education Support (DANTES), offers the National Healthcareer Association's (NHA) certification exams at all 520 DANTES test sites worldwide. The National Healthcareer Association's partnership with DANTES offered new opportunities to the thousands of military trainees as well as experienced medical personnel stationed around the world.
Global Expansion.
The National Healthcareer Association (NHA), the largest Allied Health Certification Agency in the USA and the National Lutheran Health and Medical Board (NLHMB), Chennai, India, which is a leading NGO and sponsor of Two Universities have come together to offer the US employment National Healthcareer Association Certificate Examiion in India. 
Award Nominations.
The National Healthcareer Association was a finalist at the Stevie Awards for the Best Corporate Social Responsibility Program in 2008. 
Jon S. Brandt was named one of the 25 most influential people in the career college sector by Career College Central Magazine in March 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19481459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481459" title="Sergey Fesenko, Sr.">
Sergey Fesenko, Sr.

Serhiy Leonidovich Fesenko (born January 29, 1959) is a former Soviet swimmer and Olympic champion. He competed at the 1980 Olympic Games in Moscow, where he won the gold medal in "200 m butterfly".
He graduated from Kiev University of Physical Education. He competed for the "Avangard" Club (Kiev). Honored Master of Sports of USSR (1978). Champion 1980 Olympic Games in 200 m butterfly (1.59,76). Silver medalist of the Olympic Games 1980 in 400 meter individual medley (4.23,43). Silver medalist at 1978 World Swimming Championships and 1982 FINA World Swimming Championships in 200 meters butterfly. Bronze in 1982 FINA World Swimming Championships in 400 meter individual medley. 1977 and 1981 European Championship champion in 400 meter individual medley. Silver medalist of the 1983 European Championship in 200 m butterfly. Bronze medalist of the 1981 European Championship in 200 meter butterfly. The winner of the competition at the European Cup 1979, 1981 in the 200 meter butterfly, 1982 in 400 meter medley. The winner of the World Universiade 1981 and 1983 in the 200 meter butterfly, 1981 in 200 and 400 meter individual medley. USSR Championship 1977, 1978, 1979, 1980, 1981, 1982, 1983.
Sergey has married his schoolmate Iryna Fesenko in 1980. They have two sons, Sergiy Fesenko, Jr. (born in 1982) and Kyrylo Fesenko (born in 1986). Both are swimmers.
Iryna is an interior, home, and landscape designer.
Sergiy Jr. competed in the 2000 Olympic Games in Sydney, Australia, 2004 Olympic Games in Athens, Greece and qualified for 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing, China for his native country. He is a former student at the Indiana University. Sergiy became a Big Ten swimmer of the week twice and once an NCAA swimmer of the week in 2005-2006 collegiate season.
Kyrylo competed at 2006 European Championships in Budapest and 2008 European Championships in Eindhoven. He's a student at Drury University, and NCAA D2 individual and team champion for 2006–2007, 2007–2008 and 2008-2009 collegiate seasons.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19481472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481472" title="Profili Profili">
Profili Profili

Profili Profili (Serbian Cyrillic: Профили Профили, trans: "Profiles Profiles") was a Serbian and former Yugoslav New Wave / experimental music duo from Belgrade, notable as the participant of the "Artistička radna akcija" project in 1981. During the same year the band members formed another band Kazimirov Kazneni Korpus (Serbian Cyrillic: Казимиров Казнени Корпус, trans: "Casimir's Castigation Corpus") and both bands appeared on their split album which is the first album in Yugoslavia to be released under an independent record label.
History.
Band formations.
The band Profili Profili was formed by Miodrag "Čeza" Stojanović (bass, vocals) and Slobodan "Jela" Jeličić (guitar, vocals). Their two songs, "Majke ih guraju u metalnim korpama" ("Mothers Push Them In Metal Baskets") and "Nemir živaca" ("Nerve Unrest"), appeared on the "Artistička radna akcija" ("Artistic Work Action") various artists compilation in 1981.
During the same year, Stojanović and Jeličić, with Dragoslav "Draža" Radojković, formed another band, Kazimirov Kazneni Korpus, half an hour before their first live appearance at Tašmajdan in Belgrade on the "Aktuelna Beogradska Rock Scena" festival. The band wrote one song during that time and played it in five different versions. The band made another live appearance, at Topčider, with the band Katarina II. At the time, the band was joined by Milan Mladenović, a former Šarlo Akrobata and Katarina II member as an additional bass guitarist.
Album recording, breakup.
On May 18 1982, the two bands performed at the Ljubljana band Laibach art exhibition, at the gallery of the Belgrade SKC. At the performance, the band made a decision to record the material they had been performing, and within the following three days, the band worked at the Banovo Brdo "NGM" studio. The album recording cost the band 15.000 Yugoslav dinars, which rated the album as a low-budget release, and was released under the independent record label Galerija Srecna nova umetnost SKC, making it the first independent music release in Yugoslavia. 
"Kazimirov Kazneni Korpus / Profili Profili", released on March 1982, featured five versions of the Profili Profili song "Ventilatori" ("Ventilators"), and five versions of the Kazimirov Kazneni Korpus song "Paranoidno šizoidne devojke" ("Paranoid Schizophrenic Girls"). Originally released in a hundred copies, with each copy having a different album cover, soon after the release went out of print, and on the following month the band released a hundred more copies, which were quickly sold out. Today the album is considered a rarity and a collector's item. 
In 1983, a version of Kazimirov Kazneni Korpus' "Paraliticno šizoidne devojke" appeared on the "Šećrna vodica" ("Sugar Drink") movie soundtrack, however, the soundtrack was never released as an official album. During the same year, Stojanović wanted to change the concept switching to guitar so that Kazimirov Kazneni Korpus had a vacant spot for a new bass player until Jeličić brought in Saša Radić as the new bassist, and Mladenović remained only the Profili Profili bassist. The two bands had rehearsed and did not perform live until the following year when they held their last live appearance at the Belgrade Akademija before Stojanović dissolved the bands.
On September 11, 1987, the band reunited as KKK and performed as an opening act for the Tonny Montano concert at the Belgrade SKC.
Post-breakup.
After the band disbandment, Jeličić stopped playing and performing, starting his own business company, and, on April 1996, died of cancer. Mladenović continued performing with Katarina II which, after the release of their "self-titled album", changed the name to Ekatarina Velika, releasing six studio albums and achieving mainstream success. As Angel's Breath, with Mitar Subotić, he recorded and released an album called "Angel's Breath", in the Spring of 1994 in Brazil, and in August it was discovered that he had pancreatic cancer. He died on November 5, 1994 in Belgrade.
Radojković continued performing with Laibach. Stojanović, with Radojković and Partibrejkers guitarist Nebojša "Anton" Antonijević, formed the band Plaćenici, in 1986. The band recorded six songs which appeared on the "Beogradski grafiti - Bad Boy Rock", released by Kopar label Slovenija, but after a few live appearances, the band split up. With his wife, he formed the band Viet-Viet, later renamed to Ritual, and in 1989, with former Radnička Kontrola vocalist Srđan "Đile" Marković and former Šarlo Akrobata and Katarina II drummer Ivan "VD" Vdović, formed the band DDT. In 1992, after Vdović's death, the band was renamed to Supernaut. With Supernaut, Stojanović released the studio album "Budućnost sada", released in 1993, and the live album "Live in Zombietown", released in 1995, before leaving the band. "Live in Zombietown" also featured Saša Radić who had joined the band and with Supernaut he has released four studio albums, "Niže nego ljudski" in 1998, "Raj na nebu, pakao na Zemlji" in 2000, "Eli", on which Radojković appeared as guest drummer, in 2006, and "Pobuna mašina" in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19481480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481480" title="Hurricane clip">
Hurricane clip

A Hurricane clip is a connecting device that provides a continuous structural load transfer path from the top of a building to its foundation, helping to protect buildings from damage resulting from high wind. Primarily used in areas affected by hurricanes, the devices are generally suitable for any area that may be impacted by windstorm damage.
Among the most common style used along the gulf coast area fasten plywood or OSB over the windows and openings of brick-construction homes. The simple devices are easy to install, are removable and reusable, with solutions generally less expensive than storm shutters.
Hurricane clips meet the minimum requirements for code approval and are only as strong as their weakest install point; generally ½ the strength of the wood.

</doc>
<doc id="19481483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481483" title="Assembly of Representatives (Mandatory Palestine)">
Assembly of Representatives (Mandatory Palestine)

The Assembly of Representatives (, "Asefat HaNivharim") was the elected parliamentary assembly of the Jewish community in British controlled Palestine. It was established on 19 April 1920, and functioned until 13 February 1949, the day before the first Knesset, elected on 25 January, was sworn in.
Composition.
The Assembly was elected on four occasions, each with a different number of members. (bold face and * indicate groups in multiple Assemblies)

</doc>
<doc id="19481492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481492" title="Byron Moffatt Britton">
Byron Moffatt Britton

Byron Moffatt Britton (born September 3, 1833 in Gananoque, Upper Canada-died November 19, 1920) was a politician, lawyer and lecturer. He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons in the 1896 election to represent the riding of Kingston. He was re-elected in 1900.
The son of Daniel Britton and Nancy Moffatt, both Americans who had come to Upper Canada, he was educated at Victoria University in Cobourg, studied law in Toronto and Belleville and was called to the bar in 1859. Britton set up practice in Kingston. In 1875, he was named Queen's Counsel. He was Crown Attorney for Frontenac county from 1883 to 1891. Britton also served on the board of governors for Kingston General Hospital. In 1863, he married Mary E., the daughter of Luther Hamilton Holton.
Prior to his federal experience, he was a councillor, then mayor of Kingston, Ontario (1876–1877). He was appointed Judge of the Court of King's Bench for Ontario on September 24, 1901. Britton presided over the 1911 Angelina Napolitano case.

</doc>
<doc id="19481513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481513" title="North Down and Ards District Council">
North Down and Ards District Council

North Down and Ards District Council is a local authority that will be formally established on 1 April 2015. It will replace Ards Borough Council and North Down Borough Council. The first elections to the authority will be on 22 May 2014 and it will act as a shadow authority, prior to the creation of the North Down and Ards district on 1 April 2015.
The electoral areas will be Ards Peninsula, Bangor Central, Bangor East and Donaghadee, Bangor West, Comber, Holywood and Clandeboye, and Newtownards.

</doc>
<doc id="19481515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481515" title="NECW Tag Team Championship">
NECW Tag Team Championship

The NECW Tag Team Championship is a professional wrestling tag team title in New England Championship Wrestling. The title was later unified with the PWF Mayhem Tag Team title. NECW closed on November 6, 2010 and the championship was retained by PWF Northeast with Da Hoodz recognized as the champions.

</doc>
<doc id="19481523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481523" title="Proto-Slavic borrowings">
Proto-Slavic borrowings

Numerous lexemes that are reconstructible for the Proto-Slavic language have been identified as borrowings from the languages of various tribes that Proto-Slavic speakers came into contact with, either in prehistorical times or during their expansion when they first appeared in history in the 6th century (the Common Slavic period). Most of the loanwords come from Germanic languages, with other contributors being Iranian, Celtic, and Turkic. The topic of such loanwords in Slavic has sparked numerous sharp debates in the 20th century, some of which persist to this day.
Slavic and Iranian.
According to Matasović (2008), "solving the problem of Iranian loanwords in Slavic, their distribution and relative chronology, is one of the most important tasks of modern Slavic studies". Slavs in the era of the Proto-Slavic language came into contact with various Iranian tribes, namely Scythians, Sarmatians, and Alans, which were present in vast regions of eastern and southeastern Europe in the first centuries CE. The names of two large rivers in the centre of Slavic expansion, Dnieper and Dniester, are of Iranian origin, and Iranian toponyms are found as far west as modern day Romania.
For a long time there have been investigators who believe that the number of loanwords from Iranian languages in Proto-Slavic is substantial. For example, Gołąb (1992) maintains that all Slavic words with unexplained initial *"x"- are in fact Iranianisms. However, there have been other Slavists who have claimed that confirmed Iranianisms in Slavic are in fact surprisingly few, and Matasović has raised broad objections to the body of past Iranianist research. Meillet and Vaillant cite the Slavic word *"taparu", axe (Russ. "topór", Pol. "topór", Cr. "wikt:topor#Croatian"), which came from Iranian *"tapara"- (cf. Persian "tabar"). (Gołąb, noting the etymological connection with Slavic *"tepǫ", I hit, holds that this word is in fact a loan "from" Slavic "into" Iranian.) Meillet and Vaillant explain the alleged lack of Iranianisms in Slavic with the argument: "the civilization of warrior and partially nomadic tribes, like Scythian and Sarmatian, could have exerted only a cursory influence on the patriarchal civilization of Slavs."
Matasović criticizes Gołąb's approach as "methodologically unacceptable", emphasizing that initial *"x"- in Slavic has several sources, some of which have been ascertained (like PIE *#"ks"-), and others which have not. Matasović recommends that instances of initial *"x"- in Slavic should first be explained by recourse to regular Slavic sound laws, and that Iranian should be proposed as a source if and only if the etymon has been attested in Iranian and if and only if there is additional phonetic evidence to support the proposal.
Gołąb and Matasović concur that Reczek (1985) and Bernštejn (1961–74) compiled excessively large numbers of alleged Iranianisms by neglecting to thoroughly check the candidates against accepted sound changes in the various major descendants of Proto-Indo-European.
Two likely Iranian loanwords in Common Slavic are 
There are Iranianisms which have not been attested in every one of the three first order subdivisions of the Slavic languages (East, West, South); hence the evidence is lacking that these borrowings date back to Common Slavic. Examples: 
Meillet and Vaillant considered that the semasiological development of the Proto-Slavic word for god was an Iranianism. In both Slavic and Indo-Iranian, the root that denotes deity also denotes wealth, share (Proto-Slavic *"bagu" > Common Slavic *"bogъ") and Indo-Iranian (Old Persian "baga", Sanskrit "bhága"). However, they did not argue that the Proto-Slavic root itself was a borrowing, despite its similarity to the Old Persian and Sanskrit roots.
One of the Iranian-Slavic lexical isoglosses is a lone adposition: Old Persian "rādiy", OCS "radi".
Matasović notes typological coincidences between Slavic and Ossetian, an Iranian language whose ancestor was Alanic. In both modern Ossetian and the Slavic group, verbs are conjugated for perfective and imperfective aspects; prefixation is a prominent means of deriving perfective verbs from imperfective verbs; there are certain syntactic behaviors of pronominal clitics in common; both sporadically mark direct objects with the genitive. It remains to be determined, however, whether those correspondences are a result of prehistoric contacts between Slavic and Alanic tribes, or just a case of accidental parallel development.
Slavic and Germanic.
It is not certain when speakers of Proto-Slavic first came into contact with Germanic tribes: among Common Balto-Slavic words that have Centum reflexes, there is not a single one that has typical Germanic sound features. As for the Baltic languages, all their prehistoric Germanic loanwords are either mediated through Slavic or are borrowed from Old Norse or Proto-Norse; i.e., borrowed during a period well after Slavic prehistory (which ended c. 600 CE). The conclusion is that the speakers of Germanic must have lived far from the area of the subsequent spread of speakers of Proto-Balto-Slavic.
The Goths are the first Germanic people who can be proved to have had intensive contacts with speakers of Proto-Slavic. Goths are believed to have reached the western shores of the Black Sea between the Danube and Dniester Rivers (an area covered by present day Ukraine and Romania) about 230 CE, so contact between them and Proto-Slavic speakers might have started in the preceding century. Contact between these two groups continued all the way to the early historical period. It is believed that the Gothic language was the intermediary for the entry of many terms of Greco-Roman cultural provenience into Proto-Slavic, for example 
Here is a list of words which are generally held to be Germanic loanwords in Proto-Slavic: 
This set of loanwords covers diverse semantic fields, fields from which languages readily borrow words: buildings (*"xūzu", *"mastu", *"tūnu"); terrain features (*"xulmu", *"bergu"); social interaction and societal structure (*"pulku", *"želdān", *"kōpītej", *"činda"); animals and cattle (*"asilu", *"gansi", *"skatu").
Interpretation of the Germanic material.
Many Germanic loanwords entered Slavic languages well after Proto-Slavic; i.e. in the Common Slavic period. After 600 CE most of them were borrowed from Old High German.
Stender-Petersen (1927) assumes two layers of Germanic loanwords in Slavic (whether into Proto-Slavic or into Common Slavic): words from Proto-Germanic and words from Gothic. Gołąb (1992) suggests a more refined chronological layering: 
All investigators agree that Germanicisms entered Proto-Slavic and Common Slavic longly and subsequently underwent numerous sound changes. *"činda", *"želdān", *"xelmu" would predate the Slavic first palatalization; *"lōku", *"kōsitej", *"kōpitej" would predate the change, PSl. *"aw" > PSl. */ō/. Of special interest are certain Proto-Slavic accentual developments that can be observed in Germanic loanwords: 
Slavic and Celtic.
By the time Slavs start to appear in historical records, Celtic languages were already limited to the British Isles and modern-day France. However, since in prehistorical times Celts populated the regions of Central Europe in which Slavs spread in the 6th and the 7th century, there may have been speakers of Celtic languages in the regions of Slavic expansion. In any case, it seems very possible that Celtic words might have entered Slavic indirectly instead, through Vulgar Latin/early Romance dialects, since Celtic, being but marginally spoken, was probably a low prestige idiom spoken by the lower classes of society. Two likely examples of direct borrowings from Celtic are
Other Indo-European languages.
Speculations as to contacts between Proto-Slavic speakers and other Indo-European languages have abounded in the literature on Slavic historical linguistics. Proposals have included Italic, Illyrian, Thracian, Venetic, and even Armenian.
Loanwords from non-Indo-European languages.
There are words that undoubtedly were borrowed from non-Indo-European languages. Most of these words came from Turkic languages, chiefly Bulgar and European Avar. Among commonly cited examples of non-IE loanwords are

</doc>
<doc id="19481568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481568" title="Errors (band)">
Errors (band)

Errors are a three piece "post-electro" band from Glasgow, Scotland. They are signed to Rock Action Records, the label founded and managed by the band Mogwai.
Biography.
The band was formed as a bedroom electronic-based project in Glasgow 2004 by members Simon Ward, Greg Paterson and Stephen Livingstone. After a handful of hometown shows they attracted the attention of the band Mogwai who signed them to their own Rock Action Records imprint, alongside the likes of Part Chimp, Papa M and James Orr Complex. Their debut release, the limited edition 7" single "Hans Herman", sold out quickly, and garnered them wider media attention, including an appearance on MTV's flagship "Total Request Live" show.
The band followed up their debut with the 'How Clean is your Acid House? EP in 2006. Following the release of the EP the band recruited former Multiplies and Dananananaykroyd drummer James Hamilton, who had been performing as a live member of the band, to the band as a full time member. In summer 2007 they supported UK dance band Underworld on a UK tour. 
Their debut album "Its Not Something But It Is Like Whatever" was released on Rock Action records in June 2008. The quartet's debut album wrought comparisons in some quarters to US band Battles among others. The band also toured extensively throughout 2008 with Forward Russia, 65daysofstatic and Mogwai. They spent the first part of 2009 touring Europe, playing at the 2009 Eurosonic festival and extensively supporting Mogwai and Danish electro-rock band Whomadewho on separate tours. In 2010 the band released their second full length album "Come Down With Me" on Rock Action records, the title of which is a play on the popular Channel 4 television series 'Come Dine With Me', and spent the Spring and Summer touring extensively throughout the UK and Europe.
In October 2010 Errors toured the UK as Co-Headline act with fellow Scots The Twilight Sad and released a remix album titled 'Celebrity Come Down With Me', featuring remixes of tracks from their previous album by artists including Gold Panda and Ceephax Acid Crew
In 2011 Errors were invited performers at the South By Southwest festival in March and in the same month released a limited edition 7" picture disc single featuring new tracks 'Magna Encarta' and 'Ganymede'. In April/May 2011 Errors embarked upon a tour of the United States and Canada supporting Mogwai. In December 2011 Errors played their last full show with guitarist and founding member Greg Paterson, supporting Mogwai at Glasgow's Barrowlands, as Paterson had other commitments. (Paterson would later re-join the band onstage at a secret show in their native Glasgow, the bands only live date during a year long haitus in 2013)
In 2012 the now three piece Errors released two albums, "Have Some Faith in Magic" and an eight track mini-album "New Relics" which was released on a limited edition VHS cassette, and embarked upon an extensive touring schedule of the UK, Europe and North America. Their last show of 2012 was in Boston, Mass. USA supporting The Twilight Sad, after which the band entered an unofficial hiatus lasting most of 2013.
In 2014 the band played their first shows in Japan, supporting fellow Glasweigans Chvrches and playing the Hostess Weekender festival in Tokyo. and began work on their fourth full length studio album.
Line-up.
Past Members

</doc>
<doc id="19481574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481574" title="The Course">
The Course

The Course were a dance music act from the United Kingdom and The Netherlands. It consisted of DJ/producer Vincent Hendriks and vocalists Dewi Lopulalan and Irma Derby. They achieved their biggest commercial success in 1997.
Hendriks and Lopulalan first met in 1990 at a DJ "mix championship" in the Netherlands. They met again in 1996, at the same venue, and the two decided to collaborate on some music.
The group released their first single, "Ready or Not", a dance cover of the 1996 song by The Fugees, in early 1997, with echoes of other contemporary hits Ultra Flava by Farley & Heller and Hold That Sucker Down by The OT Quartet. It reached #5 in the UK Singles Chart in April, giving the band their first hit. The follow-up, a cover of Chaka Khan and Rufus' "Ain't Nobody" also fared well, reaching #8 in July. However, their third single, "Best Love", only made it to #51 in December. Subsequent singles failed to see chart action, proving The Course to be a "two-hit wonder". They broke up in the late 1990s because of the lack of commercial success after the first two singles.

</doc>
<doc id="19481590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481590" title="Yale Lake">
Yale Lake

Yale Lake is a 3,780 acre reservoir on the Lewis River in the U.S. state of Washington. It lies on the border between Clark County and Cowlitz County. It was created in 1953 with the construction of Yale Dam.

</doc>
<doc id="19481598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481598" title="Antrim and Newtownabbey Borough Council">
Antrim and Newtownabbey Borough Council

Antrim and Newtownabbey Borough Council is a local authority that will be formally established on 1 April 2015. It will replace Antrim Borough Council and Newtownabbey Borough Council. A statutory transition committee was established in 2013 to prepare for the merger. The first elections to the authority will be on 22 May 2014 and it will act as a shadow authority, prior to the creation of the Antrim and Newtownabbey district on 1 April 2015.
Transition committee.
The statutory transition committee was established in 2013 with a membership of eight councillors each from Antrim Borough Council and Newtownabbey Borough Council. The purpose of the committee is to ensure the new council is ready to operate from 1 April 2015; to plan for the period up to and after the election of the shadow council; to arrange the first meeting of the shadow council; and to appoint the chief executive.
Borough status.
The new district created on 1 April 2015 will be formally the Antrim and Newtownabbey District and the council will be Antrim and Newtownabbey District Council. Each of the previous authorities has borough status which entitles the councils to be known as borough councils and the districts to be known as boroughs. The 2013 corporate plan of the statutory transition committee indicates the council intends to retain this status.
Elections.
The first elections to the authority will be on 22 May 2014. The electoral areas will be Airport, Antrim, Ballyclare, Dunsilly, Glengormley Urban, Macedon and Three Mile Water. 

</doc>
<doc id="19481600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481600" title="Patrick J. Balthrop, Sr.">
Patrick J. Balthrop, Sr.

Patrick J. Balthrop, Sr. is President and Chief Executive Officer of Luminex Corporation (NASDAQ: LMNX), a biotechnology company based in Austin, Texas, with offices in Toronto, Australia and the Netherlands. Luminex develops, manufactures and markets proprietary biological testing technologies with applications throughout the life-sciences industry.
Mr. Balthrop joined Luminex in May 2004 as President and Chief Executive Officer. Prior to Luminex, he served as President of Fisher Healthcare, a Fisher Scientific company, since 2002. As President of Fisher Healthcare, Mr. Balthrop led a $1 billion integrated business. Before Fisher, from 1981 until 2002, Mr. Balthrop served in a number of leadership positions at Abbott Laboratories in diagnostics and vascular devices. His career experience has included research and development, commercial operations, manufacturing, international general management and intellectual property management. 
Mr. Balthrop holds an MBA from The Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University and a B.S. in Biology from Spring Hill College.

</doc>
<doc id="19481625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481625" title="Naša mala klinika">
Naša mala klinika

Naša mala klinika (Our Little Clinic) were a Slovenian, Croatian and Serbian comedy series broadcast by POP TV and NOVA TV respectively, between 2004 and 2007. Seven seasons were broadcast. The series was written by Marko Pokorn, Rok Vilčnik and Branko Đurić - Đuro, who also directed the series. The show won four (2005, 2006, 2007, 2008) "viktor"s for best played TV series. In Slovenia, it was the most watched TV series in 2007 season and some seasons before.
Cast.
The Slovenian cast:
The Croatia cast:
The Serbian cast:

</doc>
<doc id="19481641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481641" title="Air Forces Panama">
Air Forces Panama

The Air Forces Panama, formerly 830th Air Division, is an inactive United States Air Force Division. Its last assignment was with Tactical Air Command, assigned to Twelfth Air Force, being stationed at Howard Air Force Base, Panama. It was inactivated on 11 February 1992.
The USAF Southern Airlift Division replaced the USAF Southern Air Command as the Air Force component of the U.S. Armed Forces in the Panama Canal Zone in January 1976.
It assumed responsibility for the air defense of the Panama Canal and for USAF relations, including foreign military sales (FMS) and disaster relief assistance, with the Latin American nations. The division supported disaster relief to countries such as Guatemala, Jamaica, Nicaragua, the Dominican Republic, Panama and Colombia. It also assisted Mexico in its purchase of F-5s and trained Mexican technicians in logistics and maintenance for the new aircraft.
History.
In 1984 the division, through the FMS program, delivered T-33s to Ecuador and A-37Bs to the Dominican Republic. The division participated annually in various training exercises, including paratroop drops and close air support for Army troops. It also conducted numerous combined exercises with various Latin American countries. Through the Inter-American Air Forces Academy, it provided technical training and education for airmen and officers from approximately 14 Latin American countries.
Inactivated in 1992 when responsibility for AOR was taken over by Twelfth Air Force as Air Forces Southern (AFSOUTH)
Aircraft.
Rotational aircraft:
Assigned aircraft
Emblem.
Azure, issuing from base a demi-globe light blue gridlined argent below four rolled parchments arraswise of the second and of the third surmounted by a lightning bolt bendsinisterwise gules below four mullets of four points palewise one, two, and one or, all within a diminished bordure argent.

</doc>
<doc id="19481647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481647" title="Huggy Ragnarsson">
Huggy Ragnarsson

Huggy Ragnarsson (born Hugrún Ragnarsson) is an American fashion photographer and former fashion model, born in Reykjavík, Iceland. She moved to the United States when she was 11 months old and her mother only 19. In 1980, she won the first "Teen Magazine" "Great Model Search." While modeling, Ragnarsson turned her attention to fashion photography, which became her full-time career. She has photographed many famous faces, including David Beckham, Linda Evangelista, and Naomi Campbell.
She served as one of the judges on the modelling reality show "Britain's Next Top Model" for two cycles.

</doc>
<doc id="19481648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481648" title="San Esteban chuckwalla">
San Esteban chuckwalla

The San Esteban chuckwalla (Sauromalus varius) (also known as the Piebald chuckwalla or Pinto chuckwalla) is a species of chuckwalla belonging to the Iguanidae family endemic to San Esteban Island in the Sea of Cortés. It is the largest of the five species of chuckwallas and the most endangered.
Taxonomy and etymology.
The generic name, "Sauromalus", is a combination of two Ancient Greek words:σαῦρος (sauros) meaning "lizard". and ομαλυς (omalus) meaning "flat". Its specific name "varius" is Latin for "speckled," in reference to the chuckwalla's mottled coloration. It was first described by American herpetologist Mary C. Dickerson in 1919.
The common name "chuckwalla" derives from the Shoshone word "tcaxxwal" or Cahuilla "caxwal", transcribed by Spaniards as "chacahuala". The Seri people named originally the island for this species: "Coftécöl lifa" or the "Peninsula of the Giant Chuckwalla".
Distribution and habitat.
The San Esteban chuckwalla is endemic to San Esteban Island in the Sea of Cortés. While it is abundant on this small island, it occurs naturally nowhere else and is protected under the Endangered Species Act. At one time the Seri translocated populations of this lizard to other islands in the Sea of Cortés as a food item, however, none of these populations have survived beyond the original population found on San Esteban.
Behavior and reproduction.
Harmless to humans, these large lizards are known to run from potential threats. When disturbed, the chuckwalla will wedge itself into a tight rock crevice, gulp air, and inflate its body in order to entrench itself. 
Males are seasonally and conditionally territorial; an abundance of resources tends to create a hierarchy based on size, with one large male dominating the area's smaller males. Chuckwallas use a combination of colour and physical displays, namely "push ups", head-hobbing, and gaping of the mouth to communicate and defend their territory (see animal communication).
Chuckwallas are diurnal animals and as they are ectothermic, spend much of their mornings and winter days basking in the sun. These lizards are well adapted to desert conditions; they are active at temperatures of up to 102°F (39°C). 
Mating occurs from April to July, with 5–16 eggs laid between June and August. The eggs hatch in late September. San Esteban chuckwallas may live for 25 years or more.
Diet.
Chuckwallas prefer dwelling in lava flows and rocky areas with nooks and crannies available for a retreat when threatened. These areas are typically vegetated by creosote bush and cholla cacti which form the staple of their diet as the chuckwalla is primarily herbivorous. Chuckwallas also feed on leaves, fruit and flowers of annuals, perennial plants, and even weeds; insects represent a supplementary prey if eaten at all.
Description.
The San Esteban chuckwalla is the largest species of chuckwalla reaching in body length, overall length and weighing up to . It is considered a textbook example of island gigantism as it is 3 to 4 times the size of its mainland counterparts. Their skin is gray with tan to yellow patches over their entire bodies, and their faces are gray to black. Females are duller in appearance with less patches. Their colorations provide almost perfect camouflage against some of their predators.
Human contact.
The Seri considered this species of chuckwalla an important food item due to its large size. The tribe of Seri who once inhabited San Esteban Island referred to themselves as "Coftécöl Comcáac", "People of the Giant Chuckwalla" and named the island for this species.
The San Esteban chuckwalla is an endangered species due to hunting from the Seri and the introduction of feral animals such as rats and mice which prey upon the chuckwalla's eggs and feral dogs and cats which prey upon the lizards. Due to these factors and overcollection from the pet trade, the species was declared an Appendix I animal under CITES.
There is an "in situ" chuckwalla captive breeding program in Punta Chueca, a Seri village on San Esteban. A successful "ex situ" program has also been in place at the Arizona-Sonora Desert Museum since 1977. The species is present in private collections and is often crossbred with the smaller Angel Island chuckwalla.

</doc>
<doc id="19481674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481674" title="Etchingham Steam Band">
Etchingham Steam Band

The Etchingham Steam Band were a folk group formed by Ashley Hutchings in England in 1974 after the breakup of the Albion Country Band. They were named after Etchingham in Sussex where Hutchings was living with his wife Shirley Collins. The band's name was a reference to their acoustic nature, formed during a time of power cuts in the mid-1970s that caused problems for any band using electrical instruments or amplification. The band released no albums during its existence, but recordings were subsequently released as an album. The band ended in 1976 when Hutchings formed the Albion Dance Band.

</doc>
<doc id="19481703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481703" title="Banco AV Villas">
Banco AV Villas

Founded in 1972 as Corporación de Ahorro y Vivienda Las Villas. In 1997 it became a subsidiary of Grupo Aval.

</doc>
<doc id="19481707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481707" title="SM City Naga">
SM City Naga

SM City Naga is a shopping mall owned and operated by SM Prime Holdings, the largest mall owner and operator in the Philippines. The mall is located in Central Business District II, Brgy. Triangulo, Naga City, Camarines Sur, Philippines. It is the first SM Supermall in the Bicol Region and the first SM Supermall to open in 2009. The mall opened its doors to the public on May 1, 2009.
Mall features.
SM City Naga, the very first SM Supermall in Bicol Region comes in with new and innovative building design template that other SM Malls don't have. The mall's sleeker design was made possible by combining blue and white colors for the exterior of the main building with a touch of green colored tower-like bricks on the faćade that holds the SM logo on both sides, thus maintaining its natural identity as a shopping destination. A circular atrium that extends outside the building features a high curtain glass wall, for anybody to be able to see mall's activity inside. Because of the mall's limited lot space, a carpark building than can accommodate as much as 2000 cars was constructed at the back portion of the mall and is directly connected to the main building.

</doc>
<doc id="19481713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481713" title="2006 Texas Bowl">
2006 Texas Bowl

The 2006 Texas Bowl, part of the 2006 college football season, was played on December 26, 2006 at Reliant Stadium in Houston, Texas. The game featured the Rutgers Scarlet Knights and the Kansas State Wildcats.
Rutgers running back Ray Rice ran for 170 yards and a touchdown, Tim Brown caught two TD passes and the 16th-ranked Scarlet Knights won a bowl game for the first time in program history, beating Kansas State 37-10 in the Texas Bowl. 
Linebacker Quintero Frierson returned an interception 27 yards for a touchdown on the first play from scrimmage of the second half and Rutgers (11-2) cruised from there, earning an 11th victory for the second time in 137 mostly forgettable seasons. The Scarlet Knights' seventh-ranked defense manhandled Kansas State's offense, holding the Wildcats to 162 total yards and six first downs. Freshman quarterback Josh Freeman was 10-for-21 for 129 yards with two interceptions. 
Kansas State (7-6) mustered only 85 yards after Frierson's return of Freeman's first interception put Rutgers up 24-10 just 33 seconds out of halftime. The Wildcats' only touchdown came on Yamon Figurs' 76-yard punt return with 9:37 left in the second quarter. Rice had a 24-yard run on Rutgers' next possession and Teel found Brown deep down the sideline for a 14-0 lead. Brown, a freshman from Miami, had only four catches and one TD reception coming into the game. Rutgers outscored its opponents 103-28 in the first quarter this season. On the first play of the second quarter, Freeman found Jordy Nelson on a crossing route for a 33-yard gain to set up Jeff Snodgrass' 44-yard field goal. Four minutes later, Figurs took Joe Radigan's punt up the middle, sidestepped Radigan and scored Kansas State's seventh special-teams touchdown of the season. Rice, the nation's fourth-leading rusher, had 74 yards rushing at halftime to move into third place on the school's career list. The Wildcats' offense had only one more yard at halftime (77) than Figurs gained on his punt return. 
Freeman was on the run when Frierson leaped to pick off his wobbly pass. Freeman's 14th interception of the season was his fifth in the Wildcats' last three games. Rice burst through the line and ran untouched through the defense for 46 yards and his 20th touchdown of the season to make it 31-10 with 11:41 left in the third quarter, and that was more than enough for Rutgers. The Wildcats' offense did nothing after that, failing to get a first down for the rest of the third quarter. Freshman Leon Patton, Kansas State's leading rusher, fumbled at the Wildcats' 22 near the end of the quarter, setting up the second of Jeremy Ito's three field goals. Teel finished 16 for 28 for 268 yards without an interception. Brown had four catches for 101 yards and Clark Harris made seven catches for 120. Kansas State was playing in a bowl for the 12th time in 14 seasons, but for the first time since the Fiesta Bowl following the 2003 season. The Wildcats dropped to 6-6 in those dozen. It was Kansas State's only bowl game with Ron Prince as head coach.

</doc>
<doc id="19481730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481730" title="2008 Golden Helmet (Poland)">
2008 Golden Helmet (Poland)

The 48th Golden Helmet was the 2008 version of the Golden Helmet organized by the Polish Motor Union (PZM). It took place on October 25 in the Olympic Stadium in Wrocław, Poland. Defending Winner is Grzegorz Walasek from Zielona Góra.
Original date of Final was October 17, but after canceled of German Grand Prix and restarted Final Grand Prix on October 18, Main Comminsion for Speedway Sport decided aboute change date. After resignations top riders, Main Commission decided that top three riders are automatically qualify for 2010 Speedway Grand Prix Qualification without Domestic Qualifications.
The Golden Helmet was won by Damian Baliński from Unia Leszno, who beat Jarosław Hampel (Unia Leszno also) and Adrian Miedziński (Unibax Toruń). It was first time in history, when Baliński won in Golden Helmet; in 2005 he was second. Hampel was third in 2003, and Miedziński never won medal in this competition.
Starting positions draw.
Main Commission for Speedway Sport ("Główna Komisja Sportu Żużlowego, GKSŻ") which is a part of the Polish Motor Union nominated 20 riders (12+3 track reserve from Ekstraliga and 4+1 from First League). Rafał Dobrucki, Tomasz Jędrzejak and Norbert Kościuch later replaced the injured Adrian Gomólski, Tomasz Gapiński and Krzysztof Buczkowski. After changed of Final date, Janusz Kołodziej must resigned, because on October 24 he was started in frendly match United States vs. Rest of the world. A few days before The Final, Tomasz Gollob, Rune Holta, Rafał Dobrucki and Robert Kościecha resigned. Next riders who resigned was Krzysztof Kasprzak, Krzysztof Jabłoński, Tomasz Chrzanowski, Sebastian Ułamek and Wiesław Jaguś, Mariusz Węgrzyk, Marcin Rempała, Maciej Kuciapa and Patryk Pawlaszczyk.
Original riders.
Note: riders in bold type is Wrocław' rider.

</doc>
<doc id="19481747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481747" title="1959–60 DFB-Pokal">
1959–60 DFB-Pokal

The DFB-Pokal 1959–60 was the 17th season of the competition. It began on 7 September 1960 and ended on 5 October 1960. 4 teams competed in the tournament of two rounds. In the final Borussia Mönchengladbach defeated Karlsruher SC 3 – 2.

</doc>
<doc id="19481759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481759" title="Paul Lecreux">
Paul Lecreux

Paul Lecreux (c.1826 - 1894, Paris) was a French sculptor working under the name Jacques France. The museum in Rouen contains a "Bust of the Republic" by him, and he also produced a "Marianne" wearing Masonic attributes.

</doc>
<doc id="19481766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481766" title="Ellis Short">
Ellis Short

Ellis Short (born October 6, 1960) is a London-based Irish-American businessman and founder of Kildare Partners, a private equity fund investing in distressed European real estate assets. Short is also the owner and chairman of the English Premier League club Sunderland AFC.
History.
Ellis Short was born October 6, 1960 in Independence, Missouri. After graduating from the University of Missouri, Short worked for General Electric beginning in 1983. In 1995, Short joined Lone Star, a Dallas-based private equity firm, becoming president of the fund and heading its Asian operations. In 2003, Short bought Skibo Castle for £23 million, which operates as a members-only hotel and country club in Scotland. The castle is famous for hosting Madonna's wedding to Guy Ritchie in 2000.
In September 2008, Short gained a controlling interest in Sunderland A.F.C. In December of that year, Short worked on completing a deal with the Drumaville Consortium for their remaining shares in the club. 
After the Sunderland A.F.C. ownership change, football manager Roy Keane left the club. He assumed ownership of the club in May 2009. Short's purchase of the club made Sunderland fourth in the Premiership to have American owners, alongside Aston Villa, Manchester United and Liverpool.
In November 2011, Short sacked Steve Bruce after a poor run of results, which Short labelled 'not good enough'. Nine days later, Martin O'Neill was appointed Bruce's successor. O'Neill himself was succeeded by Italian ex-footballer Paolo Di Canio in 2013. Di Canio, in turn, was dismissed in September 2013 after a poor start to the Premier League season.
In 2013, Ellis Short formed a new company, Kildare Partners, to invest in distressed property assets and non-performing debt.

</doc>
<doc id="19481794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481794" title="Antrim and Newtownabbey">
Antrim and Newtownabbey

Antrim and Newtownabbey is a new local government district. The district will be created on 1 April 2015 by merging the Borough of Antrim with the Borough of Newtownabbey. The local authority will be Antrim and Newtownabbey Borough Council.
Geography.
The district will stretch from the lower River Bann and Lough Neagh to the shores of Belfast Lough. It will have a population of 138,000 and an electorate of 84,996. The name of the new district was recommended on 17 September 2008.
Antrim and Newtownabbey Borough Council.
Antrim and Newtownabbey Borough Council will replace Antrim Borough Council and Newtownabbey Borough Council. The first election for the new district council was originally due to take place in May 2009, but on April 25, 2008, Shaun Woodward, Secretary of State for Northern Ireland announced that the scheduled 2009 district council elections were to be postponed until 2011. The first elections will take place on 22 May 2014 and the council will act as a shadow authority until 1 April 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="19481818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481818" title="TVA (Andorra)">
TVA (Andorra)

ATV ("Andorra Televisió - Andorran Television"), occasionally known as La Tele is a television channel in the Principality of Andorra.
It is owned by RTVA and the Andorran government. 

</doc>
<doc id="19481819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481819" title="DAP">
DAP

Dap or DAP may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19481832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481832" title="Jean-Pons-Guillaume Viennet">
Jean-Pons-Guillaume Viennet

Jean-Pons-Guillaume Viennet (18 November 1777, Béziers - 10 July 1868, Le Val-Saint-Germain) was a French politician, playwright and poet. He was also a member of the Académie française and a prominent Freemason. 
His long career as a soldier then a politician, playwright and poet lasted through political revolutions and literary wars, and is full of incident and travels. He had a talent for self-promotion within many regimes and got to know all political and literary dignitaries, all the while verging on impopularity - he said "I have counted up to 500 epigrams a year against me; anyone who escapes college to join a soap-opera thinks I should have his first kick". His name was like a red rag to a bull to Republicans and Romantics, but he avenged himself on his worst enemies by fables or epithets against them.
Biography.
Family.
Viennet was the son of National Convention-member Jacques Joseph Viennet and nephew of the priest Louis Esprit Viennet who, aged 40, was made curate of the église Saint-Merri in Paris and who in the early phase of the French Revolution in 1790 preached a sermon on the civil constitution of the clergy.
Napoleonic Wars.
After being an excellent student at the college in Béziers and presiding over the club for children of his own age during the early years of the Revolution, he was destined by his family for a career in the church. However, at 19, he preferred to become a second lieutenant in the naval artillery. His first campaign was not a happy one. Sent to Brest, then Lorient, on 21 April 1797 he embarked on the "Hercule". This ship had scarcely left harbour when it was sighted and pursued by two British cruisers, and a few artillery salvos later the "Hercule" had lost more than half its rigging and Viennet was taken prisoner. He then spent 7 months as a prisoner in the prison hulks at Plymouth and consoled himself by writing poetry and acting in a theatre he set up in the prison, putting on his own plays alongside tragedies and vaudevilles of the time. Returning to France in a prisoner exchange, he returned to his original corps.
In 1812, he won the favour of being invited to Paris, writing many epithets, tragedies, comedies and poems. Some of his epithets won prizes at the Jeux Floraux. He was trying to have his tragedy "Clovis" mounted at the Théâtre-Français when he received orders to rejoin his regiment immediately on its march to Saxony. He left Paris and was a captain in the 1813 Saxony campaign, assisting at the battles of Lützen and Bautzen (at the latter he was decorated personally by Napoleon). In the disastrous battle of Leipzig, he was again taken prisoner and did not return to France until the Bourbon Restoration, becoming attached to the Bourbon monarchy.
Bourbon Restoration.
Viennet became aide-de-camp to général de Montélégier, himself aide-de-camp to the duc de Berry. Viennet did not return to the imperial armies during the Hundred Days and refused to vote in favour of the acte additionnel, thus forcing himself to procure a voyage to Cayenne. Only at the insistence of his father's friend Cambacérès was the order already signed by minister Denis Decrès revoked.
The Bourbons fled, but Viennet did not follow the duc de Berry to Ghent, for which the duke criticised Viennet despite his refusal to go back over to Napoleon's side. Left without a job, he returned to writing and became a journalist. He collaborated on the "l'Aristarque", the "Journal de Paris" and the "Constitutionnel" until he was finally admitted to the corps royal d'état-major thanks to Gouvion Saint-Cyr. His many "Épîtres" date to this period.
On 17 July 1820, he put on his one-act opera "Aspasie et Périclès" at the Académie de musique but, though it ran for 16 performances it was not a success despite its masterful music thanks to an uninteresting libretto. That autumn, on 19 October, he finally found success with his tragedy "Clovis", at the Théâtre-Français. He wrote other plays, mainly tragedies, which were not produced. Made chef d'escadron by seniority in 1823, he was demoted to the ranks in 1827 in the wake of the publication of his "Épître aux chiffonniers" in favour of the liberty of the press, a witty protest against hateful and absurd legislation. This only made him more popular and on 21 April 1828 he was elected député for the 2nd electoral arrondissement of Hérault (Béziers). He took his place among the French left of this time, supporting the parliamentary opposition which would lead to the July Revolution by his votes and sometimes by his speeches.
July Monarchy.
Viennet voted in favour of the adresse des 221. Re-elected on 23 June 1830 with 55% of the votes, he contributed to the establishment of the July Monarchy and it was he who on 31 July announced the nomination of Louis-Philippe, the duc d'Orléans as lieutenant général of the kingdom to the people at the Hôtel de Ville of Paris on 31 July.
The new king returned Viennet to his rank as chef de bataillon. Re-elected as a député on 5 July 1831 with 65% of the vote, he sat in the ministerial majority. Dedicated to the new regime, but still with a burning and intolerant spirit, he was his party's "enfant terrible" and openly spoke in favour of its opponents' projects, hopes and watchwords. Even whilst in the Chamber of Deputies he continued to be vehemently outspoken, making sudden and biting attacks on the republicans, who he called paymasters of the counter-revolution and soon drawing scorn and whistles from them. A focus for "Charivari" and "Caricature", he was subjected to all kinds of malignity, sarcasm and denigration. 
The Académie française elected him a member on 18 November 1830, in seat 22 in succession to the comte de Ségur. The Académie also provided another arena for his controversies, and within it he and Baour-Lormian were among the most opinionated leaders of the absolute resistance to any hint of Romanticism.
Viennet was a particular friend of Louis-Philippe, who made him a peer of France on 7 November 1839. With continuing energy, Viennet pursued his literary works (novels, operas, tragedies, comedies, epithets and fables) as keenly as his loud political debates.
However, he was not spared as a peer any more than he had been as a député, with hatred for him lasting until the February 1848, in which he lost his patron at the Palais du Luxembourg. Occupied elsewhere during 1848, the satirical journals left him free for a moment. Later, he was highly thought of for being very dignified and firm with the men on 2 December.
Freemason.
A Masonic dignitary in the Scottish Rite of France and its colonies, he became Grand Master of this obedience (with the title "Sovereign Grand Commander" of the "Supreme Council of France") from 1860 to 1868. He fought to maintain this rite's independence when the Second French Empire abused its authority by claiming to unite this rite with the French Rite under the direction of marshal Magnan, and recovering his youthful energy and regaining the popularity he had lost since the Restoration. 
Viennet wrote until his last day, dying aged 90. He edited his own entry in the "Dictionnaire de la conversation", to which he contributed many other articles. Joseph d'Haussonville, who replaced him at the Académie française, spoke his elogy on 31 March 1870. He was buried in the cimetière du Père-Lachaise in Paris.
Main works.
Viennet's setbacks in the theatre never discouraged him from writing, and he continued to produce works throughout his life. The list below does not include many works rejected by the Paris Opéra or the theatres and so never produced.

</doc>
<doc id="19481836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481836" title="Jan Siebelink">
Jan Siebelink

Jan Geurt Siebelink (born 13 February 1938 in Velp, Gelderland) is a Dutch author. In 2005, he wrote the novel "Knielen op een bed violen" that sold over 500,000 copies. In 1991, he won the Ferdinand Bordewijk Prijs for "De overkant van de rivier".
Bibliography.
Selected works:

</doc>
<doc id="19481842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481842" title="Lisburn and Castlereagh">
Lisburn and Castlereagh

Lisburn and Castlereagh is a new local government district. The district will be created on 1 April 2015. It will consist of the combined area of the City of Lisburn with the Borough of Castlereagh, but not including "the localities of Gilnahirk, Tullycarnet, Braniel, Castlereagh, Merok, Cregagh, Wynchurch, Glencregagh and Belvoir, Collin Glen, Poleglass, Lagmore, Twinbrook, Kilwee and Dunmurry" which transfer to Belfast. The local authority will be Lisburn and Castlereagh District Council.
Geography.
The new district will take in many of the outer suburbs of Belfast and will have an electorate of 83,369. The name of the new district was recommended on 17 September 2008.
Lisburn and Castlereagh District Council.
Lisburn and Castlereagh District Council will replace Lisburn City Council and Castlereagh Borough Council. The first election for the new district council was originally due to take place in May 2009, but on April 25, 2008, Shaun Woodward, Secretary of State for Northern Ireland announced that the scheduled 2009 district council elections were to be postponed until 2011. The first elections will take place on 22 May 2014 and the council will act as a shadow authority until 1 April 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="19481861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481861" title="Paul Palmer (physicist)">
Paul Palmer (physicist)

E. Paul Palmer (1926-2011) is a retired Brigham Young University physicist who specialized in geophysics. He coined the term "cold fusion". However he was an early critic of Fleischmann and Pons's claims to have developed a useful method of cold fusion.
Palmer served in the US Navy during World War II. He later served as an LDS Missionary in the East Central States Mission (primarily Tennessee and Kentucky). He received his bachelors degree in physics from the University of Utah. 
Sources.
http://www.heraldextra.com/lifestyles/announcements/obituaries/edward-paul-palmer/article_fb07880f-25a8-5ece-b065-ad44fdadb5e0.html "Provo Herald" obituary for Palmer]

</doc>
<doc id="19481868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481868" title="HMS Phoenix (1911)">
HMS Phoenix (1911)

HMS "Phoenix" was an "Acheron"-class destroyer of the British Royal Navy. She is named for the mythical bird, and was the fifteenth ship of the Royal Navy to bear the name. She was the only British warship ever to be sunk by the Austrian Navy.
History.
"Phoenix" was ordered during the building programme of 1910-1911 and laid down by Vickers Limited of Barrow-in-Furness. She was launched on 9 October 1911. Capable of , she carried two guns, other smaller guns and torpedo tubes and had a complement of 72 men.
Career.
At the beginning of the First World War, "Phoenix" was part of the First Destroyer Flotilla operating in the North Sea. She and her sisters were attached to the Grand Fleet as soon as the war started.
Action on 16 August 1914.
On 16 August 1914, within days of the outbreak of war, the First Destroyer Flotilla engaged an enemy cruiser off the mouth of the Elbe, which is reported with great verve by an author writing under the pseudonym "Clinker Knocker" in 1938:
The Battle of Heligoland Bight.
She was present with First Destroyer Flotilla on 28 August 1914 at the Battle of Heligoland Bight, led by the light cruiser "Fearless". "Phoenix" suffered one man wounded during the action
The Battle of Dogger Bank.
On 24 January 1915 "Phoenix" took part in the Battle of Dogger Bank, and her crew shared in the Prize Money for the German armoured cruiser "Blücher".
The Battle of Jutland.
"Phoenix" was not present with her flotilla at the Battle of Jutland on 31 May 1916.
HMAT "Ballarat".
"Phoenix" was escorting the Australian troopship "Ballarat" when she was attacked by a German submarine on Anzac Day (25 April) 1917 in the English Channel. Although efforts were made to tow "Ballarat" to shallow water, she sank off The Lizard the following morning. No lives were lost of the 1,752 souls on board, a striking testament to the calmness and discipline of the troops.
Mediterranean Service.
In September 1917, "Phoenix" transferred to the Fifth Destroyer Flotilla which was operating in the Mediterranean. This posting was to be her last.
Loss.
At 9:18 on 14 May 1918, while patrolling the Otranto Barrage, the "Phoenix" was torpedoed amidships by the Austro-Hungarian submarine , at position . HMAS "Warrego" made an unsuccessful attempt to tow her to Valona (now Vlorë in Albania), but she sank within sight of the port at 13:10 in position . The crew had been taken off before she capsized, and there were only two fatalities; a Leading Stoker and an Engine Room Artificer.

</doc>
<doc id="19481874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481874" title="Skogsvåg">
Skogsvåg

Skogsvåg is a rural community in the municipality of Sund, Norway. It is the administration centre of the municipality. Skogsvåg is located in northern Sund, near Hammarsland, a Statistics Norway-defined urban settlement.

</doc>
<doc id="19481882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481882" title="Coastal Federal Credit Union">
Coastal Federal Credit Union

Coastal Federal Credit Union is a not-for-profit, member-owned financial cooperative located in Raleigh, North Carolina. As of 2011, Coastal had $2.01 billion in assets and more than 191,000 members.
History.
Established in August 1967, Coastal was formed through the efforts of eight employees of International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) to meet the financial needs of the local IBM community in Raleigh. In 1991, the field of membership was expanded to include employees of other businesses throughout certain North Carolina areas. In 1999, the field of membership was expanded to include all members of the North Carolina Consumers Council, a nonprofit consumer interest group. This affiliation thereby gave eligibility to anyone who wanted to join the credit union who did not work for an affiliated employer. Today, anyone who wants to join the credit union but does not have eligibility can join the North Carolina Consumers Council for instant eligibility.
Coastal Federal Credit Union provides service to members worldwide through a network of 15 branches located in Apex, Cary, Durham, Garner, Raleigh, and the Research Triangle Park, the Transaction Call Center, which provides toll-free telephone access and mail capabilities, and its free Online Banking system.

</doc>
<doc id="19481895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481895" title="Myron Shongwe">
Myron Shongwe

Myron Shongwe (born May 6, 1981 in Soweto, Gauteng) is a South African football player who plays as a striker for MP Black Aces in the National First Division. He has represented the South Africa Development XI, playing for them at the 2011 African Championship of Nations.

</doc>
<doc id="19481923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481923" title="Dunlop English Medium School">
Dunlop English Medium School

Dunlop English Medium School is an English-language school in Sahaganj, Hooghly, West Bengal, India. The principal is Dr. Chandana Chakraborty. It was founded in 1966 by Dunlop India Rubber Corp. Ltd.
The school is now affiliated to the ICSE board. 
DEMS is one of the few front ranking educational institutes in Hooghly. Having a track record of good result in ICSE every year, the school is the choicest destination to the guardians in the district.
Other than acdemics, the school students are counsellrd properly to retain their talents and human quality. Scholarships, cash awards and other concessions are allowed to the good students.

</doc>
<doc id="19481928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481928" title="Pterygoid fovea">
Pterygoid fovea

The pterygoid fovea (occasionally called pit or depression) is a concave surface on the uppermost medial side of the ramus of the mandible.
Located behind the mandibular notch and below of the condyloid process, the pterygoid fovea is located on the anterior surface of the neck of the mandible and serves for the attachment of the lateral pterygoid muscle.
Not to be confused with the pterygoid fossa of the sphenoid bone.

</doc>
<doc id="19481936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481936" title="Swift Reservoir">
Swift Reservoir

Swift Reservoir is a reservoir on the Lewis River in the U.S. state of Washington. It is located in Skamania County. It was created in 1958 with the construction of Swift Dam.

</doc>
<doc id="19481949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481949" title="Grazzini">
Grazzini

Grazzini is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19481954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481954" title="Primera">
Primera

Primera may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="19481959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481959" title="Reflections at Bukit Chandu">
Reflections at Bukit Chandu

Reflections at Bukit Chandu is a World War II interpretive centre developed and managed by the National Archives of Singapore, located on Bukit Chandu (Opium Hill) off Pasir Panjang Road in Singapore.
The Centre was officially opened Dr Tony Tan (then Singapore's Deputy Prime Minister and Minister for Defence) on 15 February 2002. This date also marks the 60th anniversary of the fall of Singapore in 1942.
Building.
The bungalow in which the permanent exhibition is housed is one of the last remaining in Singapore. It was built at the turn of the 20th century for senior British officers.
The building was restored to preserve its original structure and design, retaining the original style of arches and windows but altering the roof for safety reasons.
History.
Bukit Chandu hill was the site of one of the fiercest and last significant battles, the Battle of Bukit Chandu, before the British surrendered Singapore to the Japanese on 15 February 1942. The battle took place just two days before the surrender. The battle saw Malay Regiment soldiers, led by British Commanders, defending the western sector of Singapore, forced to retreat to this hill. For 48 hours, the Malay Regiment C Company and remnants from the 1st and 2nd Battalions engaged in one of the fiercest battles fought in Singapore. They were greatly outnumbered, and when they ran out of ammunition, they resorted to hand-to-hand combat to defend this hill. Many soldiers died on the hill. Those who survived were captured and massacred by the Japanese.
Exhibition gallery.
The museum's exhibition gallery covers the history of World War II in Malaya, detailing the late 1930s socio-political climate of the Malay Peninsula, Japan's invasion plans, and the British strategy for defending Singapore. There are exhibits of photographs, maps and artefacts. The recruitment, training, principles, and values of the Malay Regiment are represented, including through documentaries commissioned by the National Archives of Singapore, World War II paraphernalia, and witness testimony from survivors.
Nearby attractions.
The Centre is connected to the Kent Ridge Park via a canopy walk at tree-top level.

</doc>
<doc id="19481968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481968" title="List of awards and nominations received by Aaliyah">
List of awards and nominations received by Aaliyah

This is a list of awards and nominations received by the late American R&B singer Aaliyah. Aaliyah won many awards out of immaculate nominations.

</doc>
<doc id="19481982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481982" title="Dennis Puleston">
Dennis Puleston

Dennis Puleston (30 December 1905 - 8 June 2001) was a British-born American environmentalist, adventurer and designer. He is perhaps best known for playing a key part in securing a nationwide ban in the United States on the use of the pesticide DDT, a decision regarded as the first important success of the emerging environmental movement. As a result of this ban, he helped save his favourite bird, the osprey, from extinction in North America. He was co-founder and the first chairman of the Environmental Defense Fund. Puleston also co-designed the DUKW, an amphibious vehicle used in World War II.
Early life and adventures.
Puleston was born in Leigh-on-Sea in Essex, England. His uncle introduced him to his lifelong interest in ornithology and his artist mother encouraged him to draw. He went on to become a talented wildlife artist. From an early age he was interested in boats and sailing. He studied Biology and Naval Architecture at the University of London, followed by an unsatisfying stint working in a bank. He saved enough money to purchase a sailing boat and in 1931 left England to spend the next six years sailing around the world. One obituary recorded:
On his travels, he ate human flesh with cannibals in New Guinea, flirted with virgins in Samoa, managed a derelict coconut plantation in the Virgin islands, adopted a pet boa constrictor, tattooed his arm with sharks' teeth, searched for sunken treasure off Santo Domingo, was shipwrecked on Cape Hatteras and gave his pet cockatoo to the Emperor of Japan. Eventually he was captured in China by Japanese soldiers fighting the Sino-Japanese war. When Puleston received a handwritten letter from the Emperor thanking him for the cockatoo, his captors were so impressed that they packed him back to Europe on the Trans-Siberian railway.
He wrote about his adventures in his first book, "Blue Water Vagabond: Six Years' Adventure at Sea", published in 1939. By that same year Puleston had moved to the United States, and in 1942 he took American citizenship.
Wartime career.
In 1942 Puleston was asked by the US Government to join the Office of Scientific Research and Development. With his background in naval architecture he helped to develop the DUKW, commonly called "the duck", the Army's amphibious landing vehicle used in the Normandy landings and throughout the Mediterranean, and in the Pacific, including at Iwo Jima and Okinawa. 
Puleston was sent to the Pacific, where he trained American forces on the craft, and then organised a training school in its use for the British in India. He took part in amphibious operations in the Solomon Islands, New Guinea and latterly Burma, where he was badly wounded by shrapnel in a Japanese attack. After recuperating, he trained allied forces in Britain in preparation for the Normandy landings. He then returned to the Pacific to organise a DUKW training school on Oahu and take part in the invasion of Iwo Jima and Okinawa. In recognition of his work in designing the DUKW, he was awarded the Medal of Freedom by President Harry S. Truman in 1948.
Environmental work.
After the war, Puleston was appointed Director of Technical Information at Brookhaven National Laboratory on Long Island. A keen ornithologist since childhood, Puleston was happy to watch the ospreys that came to the island every year. On his arrival at Long Island in 1948 he wrote "they were everywhere, repairing their huge stick nests on dead trees, utility poles and platforms erected especially for them. They even nested in the middle of towns and raised chicks right along the highways, oblivious to traffic." They bred so successfully that on a 1948 visit to the nearby Gardiners Island wildlife reserve he counted some 300 nests, with an average of more than two chicks fledging from each active nest.
Puleston began keeping records of the nests on Gardiners Island and their reproductive history, and over several years a dramatic fall in the number of active nests and chicks became apparent. Investigating further, he found that the eggs in the nests had been dented and crushed by the weight of the parent birds as they incubated the eggs.
In 1962 the landmark book "Silent Spring" by Rachel Carson had been published. The book discussed the detrimental effects of pesticides on the environment, particularly on birds. Carson said that DDT had been found to cause thinner egg shells, reproductive problems and ultimately the death of birds. 
Puleston tested eggs that had failed to hatch at Brookhaven National Laboratory, where he worked. High concentrations of DDT residues were found in the eggs, with scientists concluding that the pesticide must interfere with the female osprey's ability to produce normal eggshells. "Using DDT to control mosquitos was like torpedoing the QEII to get rid of the rats on board", Puleston wrote.
The Suffolk County Mosquito Control Commission regularly sprayed the Long Island countryside with DDT, and refused to accept evidence that this was having any deleterious effect on ospreys and other wildlife. By 1966, there were fewer than 50 active nests on Gardiners Island, with only four chicks in total. It became clear that unless urgent action was taken, the osprey would no longer breed in the Long Island area. That same year, Puleston and a group of others filed a class action in the New York State Supreme Court to force the Commission to stop using DDT. 
Puleston presented the court with seven watercolours that he had painted to illustrate how DDT was destroying the food chain of the local wildlife. One showed how the blue-claw crab ingested DDT from the mussels it ate. The judge remarked "So that's why there are no more crabs in Great South Bay." The case convinced the Suffolk County Legislature to ban DDT.
The following year, 1967, Puleston and his colleagues founded the Environmental Defense Fund (EDF) and Puleston became its first chairman, a position he held for five years. The EDF went on to win further bans in other states and finally, its goal of a nationwide ban in 1972. It subsequently became one of the largest environmental organisations in America.
As Puleston and his colleagues had hoped, as the amount of DDT residues in the environment dropped, osprey numbers on Long Island began to recover. By 1992, there were 226 nests on the island and more than 60 on Gardiners Island with 260 fledged chicks. Other species including bald eagles, peregrine falcons and dozens of fish species have also seen a substantial recovery since the DDT ban was imposed.
Puleston retired from Brookhaven National Laboratory in 1970. He subsequently made more than 200 trips around the world as a lecturer, and acted as senior naturalist on two scientific expeditions to the Siberian Arctic. In his later years, Puleston concentrated on painting and writing about Long Island wildlife. In 1993 he published a month by month guide called "A Nature Journal", which became a best seller.
The "Dennis Puleston Osprey Fund" [http://puleston.osprey.bnl.org/index.php] was set up in his memory by his family and friends.
Personal life.
Puleston married his wife Elizabeth Ann ("Betty") Wellington of Brookhaven, New York on February 2, 1939. They had two sons and two daughters: Dennis (1940), Jennifer (1943), Peter (1946), and Sally (1949). The eldest son, Dennis Edward Puleston (www.puleston.org), an anthropologist, died in 1978, struck by lightning while standing on El Castillo, a pyramid at Chichen Itza in the Yucatán Peninsula of Mexico. His work on the Maya, especially the settlement patterns at the famous Ancient Maya site of Tikal is on his website.
Publications.
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="19481999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19481999" title="Stars on Frankie">
Stars on Frankie

Stars on Frankie was the fourth and final album by the Dutch soundalike studio group Stars on 45, released on the CNR Records label in The Netherlands in 1987. The album was the first proper Stars on 45 project since "The Superstars", released some five years earlier, during which time producer Jaap Eggermont had recorded three albums with spin-off group The Star Sisters. 
"Stars on Frankie" featured vocals by Peter Douglas who in 1987 had won "The Supermixshow" (the original Dutch format of TV show "Stars in Their Eyes") with his impersonation of Frank Sinatra. While the album revived the Stars on 45 formula of stringing together the recreated songs with an original chorus written by Eggermont and musical arranger Martin Duiser it was not set to a disco beat but had arrangements fairly true to Sinatra's original recordings, featuring a jazz ensemble with live strings and brass. The title track single "Stars on Frankie" became another Top 20 hit in the Netherlands, reaching #16 on the chart, and the album itself was also a modest commercial success, peaking at #59 and was also released in the rest of Continental Europe, Scandinavia and Japan. Douglas has since had a successful career in music, not just by interpreting Sinatra's repertoire but as a prominent jazz singer in his own right, singing both standards and evergreens as well as original material, releasing a series of albums under his own name and touring in both Europe and the United States.
"Stars on Frankie" was the final Stars on 45 project to be produced by Jaap Eggermont, the creator of the original concept. A fifth studio album called "The Club Hits" using both the Stars on 45 name, the original logo on the album cover as well as a re-recording of Eggermont and Duiser's "Stars On 45 Theme" together with medleys of dance hits from the 70s, 80s and 90s was recorded in 1997 and released by EMI's sublabel Music Club International in Continental Europe to moderate commercial success. Neither Eggermont himself nor any of the original Stars on 45 musicians and singers were involved in the "Stars on 45 - The Club Hits" project.
"Stars on Frankie" is to date the only original Stars on 45 studio album to have been released to CD. The 12" version from "Stars On Frankie" however has not been released on CD.
Tracklisting.
Side A.
1. "Stars on Frankie" - 4:17 
2. "The Voice" - 12:03
Side B.
1. "Saturday Night" - 12:01
2. "Swingtime" (van Eick, Eggermont, Duiser, Souer) - 4:29

</doc>
<doc id="19482000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482000" title="Shapur Sorath">
Shapur Sorath

Shapur is a town in Vanthali taluk in Junagadh district in the Indian state of Gujarat. This region is known as "Sorath", after the former Princely State of Junagadh.
Geography.
The village is 10 km southwest of Junagadh. The main road (Bazaar) divides village from the center. It connects Station and Ozat gates. It is about 3 km long and 30 feet wide, which is wider than other older villages' roads. It has paved sidewalks on both sides. The main road has more than 500 retail stores/businesses, banks, post offices, village administration office (Gram Panchayat Office) temples, mosques, vegetable market, fruit sellers, grocery shops, Pan Masala, bookstores, hotels, snack bars, cafes, repair shops, tailors, goldsmiths, blacksmiths, shoe makers, barber shops, cloth shops, STD/PCO stores, medical stores, electric stores, lumber and hardware stores, agricultural supply stores, Sweet stores, etc. 
Because of its connection with Junagadh-State’s Navabs; Shapur was the most planned and developed village of the State. No village of its time in India was as organized as Shapur was. Since then (and even today), the village is protected by a strong fort with 4 main gates around. These gates are known as Station, Ozat, Khan and Ashram gates. Perhaps today, Shapur is the only “fort-village” of India with 15 feet tall fort with 3.5 feet wide walkway and guard-rail on its top. You can take a nice walk on top-of-fort from wide stairways constructed next to both sides of each gate of the fort. Each gate has big hall on its top, from where Navab’s security guards used to monitor the outside activities of the village. The roads and streets of the village are parallel and perpendicular from one end to other end of the village.
Other main roads of the village are Ashram road, Kharakuva road, Khan Darvaja road, Patel Samaj road, Civil hospital road, Society road and Navdurga road.
The various areas of the village are known as Patel Chock (cross section), Bank of Baroda Chock, Panchayat Chock, Navdurga Chock, Azad Chock, Banglapat, Jalaram Chock, Navafari, Rabari pa, Koli pa, Soni pa, Kandarvaja, Kharakuva, Raval ni pipal and Aadarsh Society.
History.
Shapur is as old as the Muslim-ruled Junagadh state. Before Indian Independence the village was the main military-base and Janana (Muslim Queens) residence of Muslim-ruled Junagadh state. The Navabs of Junagadh-State used to visit Shapur almost every day to meet their wives and children residing at Shapur. Later on Mahatma Gandhi, Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel and Indira Gandhi visited this villages for various independence/political reasons. Even after the Indian independence Shapur remained important in regional and State politics, business, education and social advancement. Kumar Shri Duleepsinhji visited the first and the only public utility Thermal Power Station in that State, at that time located in Shahpur. He wanted to see personally the working conditions and the amenities provided for the villagers housing and the recreation facilities as this power station was using crushed coal as fuel for boilers and chlorination for the cooling water system, which normally polluted the local atmosphere.
The village-economy was almost destroyed after the flooding of June 22, 1983. Indian Prime Minister Mrs. Indira Gandhi was rushed to Shapur and was much socked after seeing villagers' loss of home, business, and crops.
Later on the villagers and local leaders took over the situation and rebuilt the economy.
Demographics.
The village is residence place of Hindus and Muslims. The Hindu community includes Patel, Rabari, Koli, Kadia/Kumbhar, Lohana, Mochi, Dargi, Soni, Bramhins, Bavagis, Satvara, and Harijans. The Muslim community made of Khoja, Gameti, Naghori and Sayads.
Economy.
Shapur is known for lignite based power generation plant owned by Gujarat Electricity Board. This is one of the biggest power generation facilities in Saurastra region and employs more than 2000 people locally.
Almost 50% of village business and shoppers come from smaller villages around Shapur. Along the main road, there are several retail shops inside the village. Shapur provides better employment / business / earning opportunities to local workers in farms, industries, retail businesses, Ferries, Vegetable and Beauty stall –Laris etc. Shapur is also famous for Oil, Engineering, Cement products and Dairy industries around the region. They provide good deal of internal and external employment and business and economy. Some of the well known industries are…
After Junagadh became Municipal Corporation, Shapur is one of the best places to do business in real estate and farming land transfer. Farmers having farms on Junagadh-road get very good value of their farms. People, who work in Junagadh but cannot afford living in Junagadh, live in Shapur as commute to Junagadh is only 15 minutes. They save lots of money in taxes, grocery, and education and get city-like lifestyle and facilities in this modern village. By looking at the growth of region, it looks like Shapur has been partially merged with Junagadh and will be under corporation's control within next few years. 
Agriculture and farming.
Shapur is only 1.5 km away from the Ozat River. Ozat is the 3rd largest river of Saurastra (128 km) with its most watersheds used for drinking water to Junagadh, Vanthali, Shapur and neighbor villages. After construction of Ozat-Vear dam near Shapur the tube wells of the region became so live with full of water, which made irrigation easy and affordable for farming. That is why the areas abound Ozat rive are the most greenest and best harvested in Junagadh district. These farms produce world famous 'Kesar/saffron' mango -best in test and flavor among all spices of mangos. 
The farmers of Shapur take 3 crops per year that keeps farms green and live around the year. Farmers produces fruits, vegetables and flowers like Mango, Chiku, Banana, Sitafal, Coconut, Watermelon, Cantaloupe, Pupnus, Grapes, egg-plants (bringers) peppers, cubage, cucumber, Zucchini, Turia, Tomato, Potato, Cilantro, Lemon, Wheat, Peanut (ground nut), Beans, Cotton, Castrol, and Spices are common produces of the area.
Because of the big production of fruits, vegetables and grains; the local farmers/vendors get opportunity to do business with cities like Junagadh, Rajkot, Ahmedabad, Baroda, Surat and up to Mumbai. On the other hand these produces are very cheap in local market, making easy and wealthy lifestyle for local people.
The Patel and Rabari community mostly engaged in farming and dairy business. They sell milk and milk products to inside and outside of the village. Shapur’s 'Hari Oum’ and 'Kismat' are well reputed dairy and sweet producers in the district, state and outside the Country.
Transport.
Shapur is the last rail road junction on Junagadh-Veraval and Junagadh-Saradiya railroads. Even the Train station is farther than the Bus Station it is always full of travelers because availability of longer distance trains.
Frequent commuting facilities of Trains, Buses, and private taxi/cabs to Junagadh made Shapur as a part of Junagadh urban area. Commuter can find buses and cabs/autos for Junagadh in every 5 minutes. 
Air: The nearest airports from Shapur are Keshod -25 km (at present not in use)and Rajkot -120 km.
Rail: The railway station of Shapur lies on Ahmadabad /Rajkot – Veraval,(Only local trains stop) connects it the major cities of the country.
Road: State transport and Junagadh municipal corporation buses link Shapur with all the major cities of the state.
Education.
Shapur was educational and cultural hub for neighbor villagers. The villagers take pride to have one of the best educational systems, schools, and teaching staffs in the district. Students come from nearby towns and villages including Vanthali (Taluka place) and Junagadh! The village has following schools:
Shapur’s finest educational system comes from the best teachers and management system (mainly from Javahar Vinay Mandir). The students rank average higher than other schools around area. Shapur has an average literacy rate of 82%, higher than the national average of 59.5%:

</doc>
<doc id="19482025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482025" title="Roosevelt Reservation">
Roosevelt Reservation

The Roosevelt Reservation is a strip of land on the United States side of the United States-Mexico Border under the jurisdiction of the United States Federal Government. It was established in a 1907 Presidential Proclamation (35 Stat. 2136) by Theodore Roosevelt in order to keep the land "free from obstruction as a protection against the smuggling of goods between the United States and Mexico".

</doc>
<doc id="19482029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482029" title="Shulman (disambiguation)">
Shulman (disambiguation)

Shulman is a surname:
Shulman may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19482038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19482038" title="Harlingen">
Harlingen

Harlingen may mean:

</doc>
