<doc id="19485778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485778" title="Sazzy Falak">
Sazzy Falak

Sazlini Shamsul Falak (born 10 March 1981, in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia) is a Malaysian actress and TV host. She has acted in films and in television series, including Gol & Gincu The Series. She recently appeared in "Tipu Kanan Tipu Kiri".
Personal life.
Sazzy married
financial coach Nazril Idrus on 8 November 2006. Nazril is the co-founder of LVG Consultants and LVG MoneySkool, and he is a celebrity in his own capacity, having appreared in advertisements, dramas and films. The beautiful couple is now happily residing in Damansara, Kuala Lumpur. . Sazzy and Nazril have appeared alongside each other in a TV series called "Ada apa dengan Cinta". They appeared in a famous reality dancing competition by Astro Ria known as "Sehati Berdansa" and went all the way to the Grand Finals to finish runners up, although being heavily picked by the viewers as favorites for the champions title. In July 2010, they received EH! Magazine's "Pasangan Selebriti Paling Di Minati" or "Favourite Celebrity Couple" voted by the public, pipped many other Malaysian Celebrity couples including Datuk Siti Nurhaliza and Datuk Khalid Jiwa, Que Haidar and Linda Jasmin, and Erra Fazira and Engku Emran. Sazzy and Nazril welcomed twin daughters Iman Lilly and Tiara Rose on April 24, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19485789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485789" title="Daedalus Howell">
Daedalus Howell

Daedalus Howell (born July 19, 1972 in Sonoma County, California) is an American writer, filmmaker and media personality. He writes a weekly column for the Sonoma Index-Tribune, contributes to the North Bay Bohemian and is the author, most recently, of "I Heart Sonoma: How to Live & Drink in Wine Country." He is the executive director of media nonprofit, CMedia. He currently lives and works in Petaluma, California.
Howell is author of the novel "The Late Projectionist" and the writer-director of dozens of short films. As a journalist, he has written for the "San Francisco Chronicle", the "North Bay Bohemian", the "Petaluma Argus-Courier", "Los Angeles Downtown News", "FineLife Sonoma Magazine" (for which he was editor) and the "Sonoma Valley Sun". As a broadcast personality, Howell has hosted shows on KWMR (West Marin Coastal Radio) and KSVY (Sonoma, CA) and guest hosts The Drive on KSRO in Sonoma County. He presently writes a weekly column for the "Sonoma Index-Tribune". He has also penned a media column for the North Bay Bohemian and was credited as the "wine country editor" of Tasting Panel Magazine.
With collaborator Jerry Rapp, Howell wrote and directed the R&H Educational Film Series, a four-part parody of American "social guidance films" of the 1950s. The series has played on Showtime and Canal+. A portion of the series was showcased on IFC. Howell has also directed music videos for RCA-signed Longwave and New York City-based Falcon. Howell also co-produced the feature film "The Aviary" and ran publicity for Deep Dark Canyon for filmmakers Silver Tree and Abe Levy.
He is the star of "Replica Redux," the re-released version of cult film "Replica," which was directed by Raymond Scott Daigle and released on YouTube in 2012. A night-in-the-life of several copy store employees, Howell plays a beleaguered nightshift manager who's life collapses in the course of several hours. The entire film was shot after hours in a Fed-Ex Kinkos without corporate knowledge.
Howell was named "Lifestyle Ambassador" to his native Sonoma County by the Sonoma County Tourism Bureau in 2008 and stars in a series of videos entitled "Inside Sonoma," which highlight tourism sites throughout Sonoma County's wine country. Howell portrays himself as a cheeky guide to the wine country lifestyle with comic results.
Awards.
In 2007, Howell placed first in the Association of Alternative Newsweeklies’ national “Altweekly Awards” for Food Writing/Criticism (circ. 60,000 or less) for his wine column in the "North Bay Bohemian".
The California Tourism Industry Association (CalTIA) awarded Howell first place for his Inside Sonoma series in October, 2008.
In 2011, Howell also won first place in the National Newspaper Association Better Newspaper Contest for "Best Humorous Column" for his contributions to the Sonoma Index-Tribune."
In 2012, Howell and collaborator Raymond Scott Daigle won a Gold Adrian Award from Hospitality Sales and Marketing Association International (HSMAI) for achievements in marketing and public relations on behalf of their client the Sonoma County Tourism Bureau.
Controversy.
Among other exploits, Howell and Rapp are known for squatting on the Warner Bros. studio back lot, which became the inspiration for their proposed TV series "Back Lot" (the duo cited Steven Spielberg's apocryphal stories of sneaking onto the Universal Studios lot as an influence). Negotiations with Fremantle Media and the Sundance Channel stalled in 2005 and the project was eventually shelved, though several short stories by Howell and a short film produced by Howell, Rapp and then-producer Ross Martin still exist. The series was pitched as "Two guys sneak off a tourist tram onto a Hollywood back lot, live in the sets, eat craft service and wear wardrobe while trying to get a three picture deal." It is highly unlikely that Howell and Rapp could have evaded lot security for any meaningful duration and their hijinks were thought to be a hoax. Howell's account of the "Back Lot" odyssey was published by Metroactive as "Confidential [http://www.metroactive.com/papers/sonoma/08.24.05/confidential-0534.html]" in the August 24–30, 2005 issue of the North Bay Bohemian. The article was subtitled "In which our writer mines Milton, fends off Fabio, suffers attachment issues and waits to get back on the lot."
Howell's name itself has sparked controversy, not least of which for its pronunciation, "DAY-de-lus." Howell spells "Daedalus" with the "ae" diphthong which would properly be pronounced "Deedalus." Howell's recorded birth name was "Daedalus Christopher Ferguson," though he changed his surname to "Howell" at 18, which was his father's original last name prior to adoption by his stepfather. Throughout his formative years, Howell used the name "Chris Ferguson" and did not begin using "Daedalus Howell" in earnest until his early 20s when he became a professional writer.
Howell is sometimes connected to Albert Summers Howell, co-founder of Bell & Howell Co. (maker of motion picture cameras in the pioneering days of cinema), though he denies a familial association despite being linked in various genealogies.
Entrepreneurial Pursuits.
With poets Trane DeVore and Jonathan Legare, Howell published the literary quarterly "Deluge Six". Howell would later create Scam Magazine, a satire tabloid published intermittently between 1993 and 1995. The publishing interest also released author Geoffrey B. Cain's novel "The Wards of St. Dymphna." Howell later liquidated the publishing company's assets (including a variety of related Internet domain names) to subsidize his first forays into independent film.
In 2009, Howell formed DHowell Media Group, a branded entertainment company which has produced content for national brands including Annie's Homegrown, Morton's Steakhouse and Sutter Home Winery as well as numerous music videos. In October 2010, Howell changed the name of the company to FMRL, an acronym for "Future Media Research Lab" and a pun on "ephemeral." In 2011, FMRL contracted with Wikia to produce food and beverage-themed content in addition to renewing its relationship with the Sonoma County Tourism Bureau to produce Howell's "lifestyle ambassador" video series.
Education.
Howell dropped out of Petaluma High School in 1988 following a suspension from performing a staged adaptation of Dr. Strangelove (he would have graduated as part of the class of 1990). He later studied creative writing at San Francisco State University.
Filmography.
Howell also hosted and directed the documentary "Copia: The American Center for Food, Wine and the Arts," for WineTV, which never aired due to the closure of Copia.

</doc>
<doc id="19485790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485790" title="Tire thumper">
Tire thumper


</doc>
<doc id="19485792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485792" title="Kathavarayan">
Kathavarayan

Kathavarayan is a Tamil film directed by Salangai Durai starring Karan, Vidishaand Radha. It released in 2008.
Plot.
The film revolves around Kathavarayan (Karan), who sells illicit arrack in Hogenakkal. Though he is involved in arrack trade, he is a man with golden heart. Malathy (Vidisha), a student, comes to the village as part of her NSS project. She vows to end the arrack menace in the village and takes efforts to arrest Kathavarayan. Thanks to her efforts, Kathavarayan gets arrested and lodged in prison in Chennai.
Call it fate, Malathy is arrested for no fault of her in Chennai. Her efforts to expose drug-pedlers in Chennai backfires. They hatch a conspiracy and Malathy falls a prey to it. She gets arrested for possessing drugs and lands in prison.
Kathavarayan comes out of jail to avenge Malathy. But comes to know her real intentions and the trouble she is facing. He masterminds a plan and joins the gang selling drugs and eventually exposes them only to save Malathy.
Awards.
Vadivelu won the Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Comedian for the film.

</doc>
<doc id="19485799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485799" title="Réseau Gloria">
Réseau Gloria

The réseau Gloria SMH (Gloria network) was a French Resistance network under the German occupation of France during World War II.
The Gloria network was founded by Gabrielle Picabia, alias "Gloria", who was running it with Jacques Legrand (chemical engineer). It counted among its members Alfred Péron, "normalien" and English professor at the "Lycée Buffon". The network depended on the British Secret Intelligence Service, in conjunction with the SOE. The network's mission was to gather military and naval information about the occupiers. Its members were intellectuals, managers, and artists including an engraver who was very useful for producing false documents.
The Gloria network was infiltrated by Father Robert Alesch and was decimated in August 1942. Most of the operatives, including Péron, were arrested by the Nazis. Samuel Beckett and his companion Suzanne Deschevaux-Dumesnil, were warned by Péron's wife and escaped arrest, fleeing to their friend the writer Nathalie Sarraute in the free zone. In total, more than 80 members of the network were deported and many never returned from Mauthausen or Buchenwald. The head of the network, Jacques Legrand, died in Mauthausen, and Péron died in Switzerland two days after his return from Mauthausen.

</doc>
<doc id="19485801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485801" title="M3 Amphibious Rig">
M3 Amphibious Rig

The M3 Amphibious Rig is a self-propelled amphibious bridging vehicle that is used for the projection of tanks and other vehicles across water obstacles.
Development and service.
Originally developed by the German firm Eisenwerke Kaiserslautern (EWK, since 2002 acquired by General Dynamics European Land Systems), it succeeded the conceptually similar M2 made by the same company. Like its predecessor, the M3 traverses roads on its four wheels, deploying two large aluminium pontoons for buoyancy on water.
Development of the M3 began in 1982, with the final prototype being delivered 10 years later in 1992. A first order of 64 serial vehicles was made in 1994, and it entered service with the German and British armies in 1996. Since then, the M3 has also been adopted by the armies of the Republic of China (Taiwan) and Singapore.
An upgraded version, known in some circles as the M3G, is in service with the ROC and Singapore armies. This version features an armoured cabin, NBC protection, an air conditioning system and a special tropical kit.
Operating concept.
The M3 is self-deployable by road, operating as a 4x4 wheeled vehicle with a maximum road speed of 80 km/h. It is driven into the water for amphibious operation, for which it deploys two large aluminium pontoons, unfolding them along the length of its hull. In water, the M3 is propelled and steered by 2 fully traversable pump jets at speeds of up to 14 km/h.
Multiple rigs may be joined by long connectors called "ramps", 4 of which are carried on each vehicle, to form a bridge across a water obstacle. 8 M3 Rigs will bridge a 100m water gap this way, and can be traversed by vehicles up to and including the heaviest 60+ ton main battle tank like the Leopard 2A6 and Challenger 2. Alternatively, just 2 Rigs may be joined to create a ferry capable of carrying a similar load across much wider water gaps. 3 Rigs joined together may carry up to the equivalent of 2 such MBTs.
Combat history.
Operation Telic.
The M3 Amphibious Bridging Vehicle saw its first combat actions in Operation Telic, Britain's military operations in the Iraq War (until withdrawal in 2011). From 25 March 2003, 412 Troop(V),23 Amphibious Engineer Squadron, of 28 Engineer Regiment of the Royal Engineers ferried elements of 3 Commando Brigade across the Shatt Al-Basrah waterway, enabling their continued advance on the Iraqi city of Basra. A subsequent riverine crossing at the Rumaila oil fields was also undertaken by the M3. This action transported three AS90 self-propelled howitzers in support of 16 Air Assault Brigade of the British Army.

</doc>
<doc id="19485802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485802" title="Ádám Balogh">
Ádám Balogh

Ádám Balogh de Bér was born in Vas county around 1665 and died in Buda in 1711. He descended from Hungarian nobility and was one of the most famous kuruc colonels of the Hungarian army during Rákóczi's War for Independence against the rule of the Austrian Habsburg dynasty.
Life.
Balogh was born to a Catholic noble family. His father was István Balogh, who died in 1678, and his mother was Rebeka Káldy, a catholic noble lady. Balogh married Julianna Festetics, and they had seven children.
He began service at a young age as the infantry's voivode in Csobánc castle and took part in campaigns of the Turkish wars. In 1705 he saw action with the kuruc troops who almost captured the Austrian king near Vienna. Francis II Rákóczi promoted him to colonel in 1708. He was executed in 1711 by Habsburgs in Buda Castle. Rákóczi tried to save him but was unsuccessful.
Recollection.
He is still famous in Hungarian literature and film. His character appears in the movie "Captain of Tenkes".

</doc>
<doc id="19485803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485803" title="Jean-Philippe Salabreuil">
Jean-Philippe Salabreuil

Jean-Philippe Salabreuil (25 May 1940, Neuilly-sur-Seine – 27 February 1970, Paris), real name Jean-Pierre Steinbach, was a French poet. His first book, "La Liberté des feuilles", received awards in the name of Félix Fénéon and Max Jacob. He often wrote poems in prose. He died at the age of 29; it is possible that he committed suicide. 

</doc>
<doc id="19485810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485810" title="Raucous">
Raucous

Raucous was a live, half an hour, RMITV program broadcast on C31 Melbourne featuring youth-oriented segments, arts reviews, comedy skits, interviews, street talks and live music. It was co-hosted by Lyndon Horsburgh and featured segments with Hamish and Andy's Hamish Blake and Andy Lee. The show debuted on Thursday 8 February 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19485812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485812" title="Nathi Mthethwa">
Nathi Mthethwa

Emmanuel Nkosinathi (Nathi) Mthethwa (born 23 January 1967 in KwaZulu-Natal) is a South African politician from Kwa Mbonambi, KwaZulu-Natal and a member of the ANC. He was the ANC Chief Whip in the National Assembly. After Thabo Mbeki's resignation, he became Minister of Safety and Security on 25 September 2008 as a member of President Kgalema Motlanthe's cabinet. He is currently the Minister of Police.

</doc>
<doc id="19485813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485813" title="Henry Z. Steinway">
Henry Z. Steinway

Henry Ziegler Steinway (August 23, 1915 – September 18, 2008) was the last Steinway president of the piano company Steinway & Sons.
Biography.
He was the great-grandson of the company founder Henry E. Steinway and started at the firm in 1937 after graduating from Harvard University. He was president of the company from 1955 to 1977. He was the first president of NAMM Museum of Making Music.
The 2007 National Medal of Arts was awarded to Henry Z. Steinway and presented by US President George Bush on 15 November 2007 in an East Room ceremony at the White House. Henry Z. Steinway received the award for "his devotion to preserving and promoting quality craftsmanship and performance; as an arts patron and advocate for music and music education; and for continuing the fine tradition of the Steinway piano as an international symbol of American ingenuity and cultural excellence. The National Medal of Arts is a presidential initiative managed by the National Endowment for the Arts.
In celebration of his 91st birthday and honoring a lifetime of service to the company, Steinway & Sons introduced a series of Henry Z. Steinway Limited Edition pianos in ebony or East Indian rosewood with distinctive music stands bearing cutwork of the initials HZS. The pianos were advertised nationally. A small cast bronze ovoid plaque inside each such piano bears relief sculpture portraits of the Steinway family company presidents, along with a space for the serial number to be stamped. A total of 91 HZS pianos were authorized: one for each year of his life at the time.
Henry Z. Steinway donated his administrative files from the 1960s-70s to La Guardia and Wagner Archives (see also the section "Steinway & Sons" in the article "La Guardia and Wagner Archives"), which contains the records of the piano company dating to the 1850s.
He died aged 93 in New York City, the place of his birth.

</doc>
<doc id="19485814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485814" title="Aayudham Seivom">
Aayudham Seivom

Aayudham Seivom is a Tamil movie directed by Udhayan starring Sundar C, Anjali, Vivek and Nassar. It was released in 2008. Veteran actor Vijayan was supposed to play in this movie, but he died when the movie was on shooting process.
Plot.
Saidai Sathya (Sundar C) has little respect for the law. He parks his car in the middle of the road and makes trouble for other vehicles. A traffic policeman, Kandadasamy (Vivek), ignores that violation because he is a close friend of Sathya. A social activist and lawyer, Udhayamoorthy (Vijayakumar), drags both of them to court for obstructing traffic and causing a nuisance. Instead of sentencing them, the court sends them to the Madurai Gandhi Museum for help, where they meet a college student named Meenakshi (Anjali).
After he is discharged, Sathya starts a job as a henchman. VBR (Manivannan), a villainous former minister, sends him to steal a confidential file containing vital evidence on the death of the collector Sukanya at Udayamoorthy's place. While he is stealing the file, Udayamoorthy is killed by Sathya. While dying, Udayamoorthy blesses Sathya by saying "Vazhga Valamudan" (Long Live). These last words haunt Sathya, and, filled with remorse, he vows to carry on Udayamoorthy's good work.
He gathers evidence to discover the murderer of Sukanya, even as VBR burns the documents to destroy the evidence. Sathya continues with his task of exposing VBR, and adopts Gandhian principles of nonviolence and peaceful satyagraha.
Ezhumalai (Napoleon) is a police inspector who vows to avenge the death of his brother, Udhayamoorthy. He thinks that Sathya had killed him, although he later finds out that he didn't. Sathya sits near the Gandhi statue and follows his examples of non-violence, confident that VBR will be arrested. VBR surrenders himself to police and is arrested. The film ends with Sathya and Meenakshi.

</doc>
<doc id="19485836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485836" title="Minuscule 4">
Minuscule 4

Minuscule 4 (Gregory-Aland), ε 371 (Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on 212 parchment leaves (), dated palaeographically to the 13th century. Formerly it was named "Codex Regius 84".
It has full marginalia. It was adapted for liturgical use.
Description.
The codex contains almost complete text of the four Gospels with four lacunae (Matthew 2:9-20; Mark 15:42-16:14; John 1:1-13.49-3:11). The text is written in one column per page, 26-28 lines per page.
The text is divided according to the ("chapters"), whose numerals are given at the margin, and their τιτλοι ("titles of chapters") at the top of the pages. There is also another division according to the smaller Ammonian Sections (in Mark 227 sections), with references to the Eusebian Canons. 
It contains the Epistula ad Carpianum, tables of the κεφαλαια ("tables of contents") are placed before each Gospel, lectionary markings at the margin (for liturgical use), incipits, synaxaria, Menologion, subscriptions at the end of each Gospel, numbers of στιχοι, and extracts from some Church Fathers.
The Pericope Adulterae (John 7:53-8:11) is marked with an obelus.
Text.
The Greek text of this codex is a mixture of text-types. According to Tischendorf its text is mixed but with a strong Byzantine element.
Aland did not place it in any Category. Textually it is close to the codex 273. 
According to the Claremont Profile Method it represents Kx in Luke 10 and Luke 20. In Luke 1 it has mixed Byzantine text.
In Matthew 21:31 it has textual variant ὁ δεύτερος ("the second") against ὁ πρῶτος ("the first"), ὁ ὕστερος ("the last"), or ὁ ἔσχατος ("the last"). This reading is supported by the codex 273 and ℓ "547".
History.
The manuscript was used by Erasmus in his edition of Novum Testamentum, and by Robert Estienne in his Editio Regia (1550), who designated it as γ'. John Mill noticed its affinity to the Latin versions and the Complutensian Polyglot.
It was examined by Scholz and Paulin Martin. C. R. Gregory saw the manuscript in 1885.
The codex is located now at the National Library of France (Gr. 84) in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="19485841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485841" title="Poi Solla Porom">
Poi Solla Porom

Poi Solla Porom (; ) is a Tamil comedy film starring Nedumudi Venu, Karthik Kumar and Piaa Bajpai released in 2008. The film is a remake of the Bollywood cult film, "Khosla Ka Ghosla".
Plot.
Sathyanathan (Nedumudi Venu) is a typical middle class man who has just retired. He wants to buy a plot of land in the city and move in with his wife and children - Uppilinathan(Karthik Kumar), Vishwanathan and Sindhu. But his son Uppilinathan - who is a software engineer - has no interest in the house and is keen to leave India for New York, where he has obtained a job. Sathyanathan buys the plot from "World Famous Properties" which is managed by Vijayakumar(Cochin Hanifa). When he goes to break stone to build his house, he finds a compound wall erected over his plot with the nameplate saying "Baby Properties". After numerous attempts to meet him, Sathyanathan finally meets Baby who wants him to pay half the amount paid for the plot to be paid to Baby in order to vacate the plot. The Sathyanathans try to think of solutions and finally resort to hiring thugs to break the compound at night. Sathyanathan is arrested the next morning. Through all this, Uppilinathan's attitude towards his father's problem changes when he sees how attached he is to the property. Uppili meets a travel agent Asifbhai (bosskey) who was baby's assistant and cheated by him . Uppili with help of his girlfriend convince Daddy (mouli), who is a stage actor and got 136 awards, to act as Varma, an NRI businessman from Dubai who has to India to sell a plot which actually belongs to fisheries board of govt. At last the fishery land is given to Baby and the family get their land.The film ends with family of Sathyanathan living happily ever after.
Baby's assistant Johnny reveals there is no man in the name of Varma. Baby acknowledges that he has been cheated and decides cover it up to preserve his reputation.
Soundtrack.
Music is composed by MG Sreekumar who made his debut as composer with this film while another Malayalam composer Gopi Sundar composed the film score. Title song was not included in the film instead it was used as promotional song, the song was blatantly ripped off from Hindi song "Chak De Phatte" from the original Hindi film.
Release.
The satellite rights of the film were bagged by STAR Vijay. The film was ggiven a "U" certificate by the Indian Censor Board.
Critical reception.
The film won above average reviews from critics with "The Hindu" citing that "Vijay’s dialogue, both humorous and thought-provoking, tickles the viewer almost throughout" and that "Vijay has understood the pulse of the audience even while sticking to his stand of providing standard fare".
Production.
After "Kireedam", Priyadarshan approached Vijay to remake the Hindi film "Khosla Ka Ghosla" in Tamil under his production house and hence they collaborated to make "Poi Solla Porom". The film was completed within 34 days, with a cast containing veteran actors such as Nassar and Nedumudi Venu as well as relative newcomers including Karthik Kumar and Piaa Bajpai. The film also became one of the first ventures in Tamil cinema to feature a promotional song, with Vijay maintaining that the song reflected the story of the film.

</doc>
<doc id="19485849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485849" title="Bad Luck Charm">
Bad Luck Charm

"Bad Luck Charm" is the first single released from the album, "Magic Recoveries", by post-hardcore Finnish band, Disco Ensemble. It was released in Finland on 20 May 2008, reaching number seven in the Finnish singles chart.

</doc>
<doc id="19485861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485861" title="1988 British Speedway League">
1988 British Speedway League

Final table.
M = Matches; W = Wins; D = Draws; L = Losses; Pts = Total Points

</doc>
<doc id="19485869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485869" title="Victor Montell">
Victor Montell

Victor Montell (25 September 1886 - 26 October 1967) was a Danish stage and film actor.

</doc>
<doc id="19485886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485886" title="Beetle (JR Kyushu)">
Beetle (JR Kyushu)

The ferry travels between Fukuoka, Japan and Busan, South Korea
Description.
JR Kyushu "Beetle" Ferries provide a passenger cruise ferry service from Fukuoka, Japan to the Korean mainland port of Busan.
For visitors on a budget or for those who simply have a sense of adventure and some time to spare, travelling overland between Japan and Europe or Asia can be an attractive alternative to air travel. There are several different routes to Japan, many of which combine long distance rail travel on services such as the Trans-Siberian, Trans-Manchurian and Trans-Mongolian Railways, with ferry transport.
Although the required journey times can often be considerably longer, travel by ferry is generally much cheaper than the cost of flying, with direct connections available between several major Japanese port-cities and China, Korea and Russia.
Many of these international ferry services are very popular and advance reservations are recommended. Reservations can be made through major travel agencies within Japan, directly with the ferry company or at your port of departure.
Ferry schedules are subject to seasonal changes and may also vary according to the weather. It is best to confirm schedule details with the relevant ferry company or at local tourist information centres within Japan.
On board.
Beetle Ferries provide two seating areas with relaxing aeroplane seating on two floors for you to relax in and enjoy your journey. There is also a duty-free shop on board so you can take advantage of cheap prices in international waters.
Departure procedure.
Checking in.
Departure processing starts no earlier than 2.5 hours before departure and ends 1 hour before departure. Therefore, travelers must be at the ferry check-in counter no later than two hours before departure to fill out a boarding pass form and a departure card for departure procedures.
Arrival/Departure Cards.
While arrival cards required to enter Japan are available on the ferry, it is more convenient to fill it out at the same time as the Korean departure card before boarding.
The departure card (from Korea) must be filled out in Korean, while the arrival card for entry into Japan must be written either in Chinese characters or English. For contact information on the arrival card, you can enter the name and telephone number of the place you will stay at on your first night.
Customs Declaration.
Customs declaration areas are located on either side of the departure inspection counter. All travelers carrying expensive merchandise or valuables (cameras, watches, jewelry, fur products) are required to make a declaration.
When declaring, enter the name of the item, quantity, and price on the customs form and present both the item and customs form together. After the declaration is approved, hold on to the document for your return trip.

</doc>
<doc id="19485888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485888" title="The Bellflower Bunnies (season 2)">
The Bellflower Bunnies (season 2)

The second season of "The Bellflower Bunnies", a children's animated series based on the "Beechwood Bunny Tales" books by Geneviève Huriet and Loïc Jouannigot, aired on the French television network TF1 from 22 September 2004 to 23 February 2005. It was directed by Eric Berthier, proudced by Patricia Robert and written by Valérie Baranski.
Production on this season, which comprised twenty-two episodes, lasted from July 2003 to October 2004. While TF1 remained on board, a new roster of voice actors, crew and companies participated. Among them were Paul Cadieux, a staff member of Quebec's Megafun studio; Canadian talents Julie Burroughs, Hugolin Chevrette and Elisabeth Lenormand; and China's Hangzhou Flying Dragon Cartoon.
The episodes were originally broadcast on TF! Jeunesse, the children's service of TF1, every Wednesday morning. The sole exception was "Noël chez les Passiflore", a holiday episode which premiered on a Saturday. As of , this season has aired in continuous rotation on France's Disney Junior channel. It has also been seen on Canada's TFO, Germany's Kinderkanal (KI.KA), and the Middle East's Al Jazeera Children's Channel.
Production.
Co-production partners for this season included France's TF1, Euro Visual, Big Cash, and that country's department of Walt Disney Television. In Canada, they consisted of animation studio Tooncan and production company Megafun, both located in Montreal, Quebec. Also joining the production was China's Hangzhou Flying Dragon Cartoon, which handled animation duties.
The French voice cast consisted of Flora Balzano (who played Mistletoe), Julie Burroughs, Hugolin Chevrette (who played Poppy), Mario Desmarais, Antoine Durand, Marylène Gargour, Annie Girard, Hélène Lasnier and Elisabeth Lenormand. The English dub starred Danielle Desormeaux, Anik Matern, Holly Gauthier-Frankel, Eleanor Noble, Matt Holland, Joanna Noyes, Liz Mac Rae, Simon Peacock and Laura Teasdale.
Eric Berthier, who has worked on several French television series, replaced Moran Caouissin as the director. Paul Cadieux, a Megafun staff member, served as executive co-producer; Yves Pont and Franck Algard, through their company Euro Visual, became executive producers. Alice Willis took over music scoring duties, and also played piano and keyboard.
Returning from the first season were screenwriter Valérie Baranski, story editor Fabrice Ziolkowski and producer Patricia Robert, along with Reanud Bouet in the backgrounds department, and Arnold Gransac on layouts. Loïc Jouannigot, the illustrator of the original books, was credited under "characters, location & props creation".
Awards and merchandise.
"The Bellflower Bunnies" won three awards at the 6th "Festival International du Film de TV de Luchon" in 2005, one of which was the "Ecran Jeunesse" in the Animation category.
On 21 October 2005, Éditions Milan published "Le grand livre animé de la famille Passiflore" (ISBN 2-7459-1569-X), a ten-page pop-up book featuring five scenes from the show.
Episodes.
Each episode in this season runs 22 minutes in length. The first nine episodes are based on original "Beechwood Bunny Tales", and the rest are written by Baranski. In the O and B columns, numbers to the right refer to their positions in this season.
DVD releases.
Region 1.
On 12 April 2005, the Direct Source company released four DVD titles, in association with Filmoption International: "Tales", "Adventures", "Friends", and "Holidays". Like their Season 1 predecessors, these volumes also consisted of two episodes each; this time, the original French audio is provided along with the English dub. On 21 February 2006, "Tales" and "Adventures" were reissued together, as were "Friends" and "Holidays".
Region 2.
France.
From October 2004 to July 2005, TF1, Beez Entertainment and Seven Sept brought out five volumes of the show's second season. The first three consisted of four episodes each, and the last two consisted of five; all of them contained the original French episodes and their English counterparts. On 27 October 2005, all of these volumes, excluding the very first one from 2003, were packaged into a single box set, which was reissued on 11 October 2006, with a plush doll of Dandelion.
Germany.
Episodes 5-8 in the official series order were released by edelkids on 22 February 2008, in time for Easter. This came about as a result of the show's success on local television. The series continued on 14 August 2008 with episodes 9-16. As with the first volume, colouring pages and edelkids previews were used as special features.
Hungary.
On 13 June 2005, V.I.P Art Kft. of Budapest released six episodes of season 2 on three discs (under the franchise name "Tappancs család"):

</doc>
<doc id="19485903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485903" title="Corra Linn Dam">
Corra Linn Dam

Corra Linn Dam is a concrete hydroelectric dam on the Kootenay River in the Canadian province of British Columbia. It is located where the West Arm Kootenay Lake flows into the Kootenay River. The dam's powerplant has a generating capacity of 49 MW. The dam was formerly owned by West Kootenay Power. Since 2003 its owned by FortisBC.
History.
Before the dam was built the location was the site of Corra Linn Rapids. For the six-year period after it was built, the dam was not permitted to raise the level of Kootenay lake. It operated as a run of the river hydroelectric plant allowing the spring freshet to pass downstream. After devastating floods to Idaho farmlands in 1938, the International Joint Commission granted two approvals.
The first allowed excavation to the outlet of the lake at Grohman Narrows. In 1939 334,585 cubic yards of gravel and 17,927 cubic yards of rock was removed, this includes rock bluffs on the south side of the river. The narrows was made deeper and wider allowing for a greater drawdown of the lake during the winter and a greater flow during spring freshet. Even after excavation Grohman Narrows continues to limit outflow from the lake. During the 1961 flood the level of the lake was 3 metres above the maximum level of the dam, due to water held back at the narrows. Models indicate the lake would have been almost 2 metres higher without the excavation. Between 2005 and 2010 BC Hydro has considered more excavation at the narrows as a potential "Resource Smart" project.
The second approval permitted the dam to be used to raise the level of Kootenay Lake by 2 metres, thus forming a reservoir for flood control and hydro power.
Water levels.
After the 1948 Vanport Oregon flood, the Columbia River Treaty in 1961 led to the construction of flood control dams to regulate water flowing into Kootenay Lake. Duncan Dam in 1967 and Libby Dam in 1975. The resulting constant supply of water led to the dam being bypassed by the larger, more efficient Kootenay Canal in 1976. Kootenay basin reservoirs provide nearly of storage which constitutes almost half of the stored in Columbia River Treaty reservoirs.

</doc>
<doc id="19485932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485932" title="2006 in Iraqi football">
2006 in Iraqi football

Despite the nation being torn apart by civil war, 2006 in Iraqi football went as scheduled for the most part. Iraqi clubs participated in international competition. The National team qualified for the 2007 AFC Asian Cup. The Youth teams participated at the U-17 and Youth Championships, while the Olympic team won the silver medal at the 2006 Asian Games.
No games by the national team or the Iraqi clubs international participation were played in Iraq due to violence.
National team.
2007 Asian Cup qualification.
</noinclude><noinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="19485942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485942" title="Shake Harder Boy">
Shake Harder Boy

Shake Harder Boy is an album by Harkonen, released in 2002 by Hydra Head Records.
Track listing.
All tracks written by Harkonen.

</doc>
<doc id="19485954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485954" title="Soyuz TMA-20">
Soyuz TMA-20

Soyuz TMA-20 was a manned spaceflight to the International Space Station (ISS) and was part of the Soyuz programme. It lifted off from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan on December 15, 2010, and docked with the ISS two days later. The three-person crew of Soyuz TMA-20 – Dmitri Kondratyev, Catherine Coleman and Paolo Nespoli – represented the ISS partner organizations of Roscosmos, NASA and the European Space Agency (ESA). Soyuz TMA-20's crew represented half of the members of Expedition 27; the other three members of the expedition arrived at the station on board Soyuz TMA-21 on April 6, 2011. The COSPAR ID of Soyuz TMA-20 was 2010-067A.
On May 24, 2011, after spending 159 days in space, the Soyuz TMA-20 descent module landed safely in Zhezkazgan, Kazakhstan, carrying Kondratyev, Coleman and Nespoli.
Crew.
The Soyuz TMA-20 crew was confirmed by NASA on November 21, 2008. 
Tallest-ever crew member.
European astronaut Paolo Nespoli was believed to have been the tallest crew member to date ever to fly aboard a Soyuz spacecraft, with a height of 188 centimeters (6 ft 2in). According to the president of RKK Energia, Vitaly Lopota, a custom-built seat and related hardware had to be manufactured to accommodate Nespoli's height.
Transportation damage.
The Soyuz spacecraft suffered damage to its container during transport to the Baikonur Cosmodrome on October 5, 2010, according to the Interfax news agency. Engineers spotted the damage after the spacecraft was shipped by rail from Russia to Kazakhstan. After initial inspections of the damage, Russian sources said that it was not immediately clear whether the spacecraft would have to be returned to the RKK Energia factory in Moscow. Later, Russian officials replaced the damaged descent module with a new one, flown to Baikonur aboard a cargo plane. The replacement module was originally part of the Soyuz TMA-21 spacecraft.
Despite the transportation damage, RKK Energia president Vitaly Lopota told news media that the mission would take place in December as planned. Roscosmos spokesman Alexander Vorobyov also told Interfax that the December launch date would not be affected, because a reserve spacecraft would be available at Baikonur for the mission, if required.
Launch and docking.
Launch.
On December 12, 2010, the Soyuz TMA-20 payload section was integrated with the Soyuz FG rocket and the emergency escape system, allowing the state commission to declare that the Soyuz TMA-20 mission was fully assembled. Rollout to the launch pad began in the morning of December 13, 2010.
Soyuz TMA-20 blasted off from Baikonur Cosmodrome's Site 1 at 19:09 GMT (22:09:25 Moscow Time) on December 15, 2010, and successfully reached orbit ten minutes later.
Docking.
The Soyuz TMA-20 spacecraft docked with the "Rassvet" module's docking port at 20:12 GMT on December 17, 2010. The docking occurred as the space station flew over western Africa at an altitude of 224 miles.
In preparation for the day's docking procedure, the automated rendezvous sequence aboard Soyuz TMA-20 began at about 17:49 GMT. The spacecraft's engines were fired at 18:09 GMT, and another impulse firing occurred around 18:28 GMT. Within minutes, the Kurs rendezvous equipment on both the Soyuz and the ISS was activated to support the linkup. The television camera on the nose of the Soyuz spacecraft was turned on at 19:29 GMT to provide views of the docking.
After checking that there were no leaks between the two spacecraft, the hatch between Soyuz TMA-20 and the space station was opened at 23:02 GMT. A welcome ceremony to mark the arrival of the new crew was held shortly after the new crew came on board, when the live television downlink communications session started.
Undocking and landing.
After spending 157 days docked to the ISS, the Soyuz TMA-20 spacecraft, with Russian cosmonaut Dmitri Kondratyev at the controls, undocked from the "Rassvet" module at 21:35 UTC on May 23, 2011. The ISS was flying above eastern China at the time separated. Kondratyev occupied the center seat, with NASA astronaut Catherine Coleman to his right, and ESA astronaut Paolo Nespoli to his left.
Kondratyev backed the spacecraft away from the ISS by about 600 feet and paused to give Nespoli a photo opportunity. Starting about 15 minutes after undocking, holding station at that vantage point directly behind the ISS, Nespoli took numerous photographs and several minutes of high-definition video of the station and the then-docked Space Shuttle "Endeavour", which was conducting its final mission, STS-134. The hatch between Soyuz TMA-20's descent and habitation modules, which was closed during undocking, was re-opened for the photo shoot, and Nespoli photographed the station-shuttle complex through a porthole in the habitation module. At 21:55 UTC, the ISS began to slowly rotate by 129 degrees to provide Nespoli with the best lighting conditions and a side-on view of "Endeavour". Nespoli spent about 25 minutes completing the photo survey, then removed the digital photo memory cards from his cameras and made his way back into the Soyuz descent module. Once Nespoli was strapped into the seat to the left of Kondratyev's, the descent-habitation module hatch was sealed, and the Soyuz spacecraft performed a separation burn at 22:15 UTC to increase its distance from the ISS.
Flying over the southern Atlantic Ocean, the Soyuz executed its deorbit burn at 01:36 UTC on May 24. The deorbit burn was a four-minute, 16-second firing. The descent, habitation and propulsion modules making up the spacecraft separated at 02:01 UTC. The descent module, with the crew inside, reached the first traces of the Earth's atmosphere at an altitude of about 62 miles at 02:03 UTC.
The re-entry was conducted without any significant problems. In stark contrast to the frigid cold temperatures prevailed on the previous Soyuz TMA-01M landing day, the weather this time was sunny and warm. Soyuz TMA-20's large parachute and smaller drogue chute inflated as planned, and the spacecraft descended towards its landing zone near Dzhezkazgan in Kazakhstan. The safe landing of the descent module was supervised by Russian Search and Recovery forces on board three Antonov 12 and Antonov 26 planes, 14 Mi-8 helicopters and seven search and recovery vehicles, deployed in the landing zone. The final moments of the touchdown were recorded by NASA TV, with live landing footage and commentary.
The Soyuz TMA-20 spacecraft landed safely upright at 02:27 UTC on May 24, 2011, after a mission lasting 159 days, seven hours and 17 minutes. Russian recovery forces moved to assist the Soyuz crew, along with U.S. and Russian flight surgeons. Kondratyev and Coleman appeared to be in good shape, smiling and chatting with support personnel and sharing a satellite phone to call family members back home. However, at a press conference held after the landing, Vyacheslav Rogozhkin, the deputy head of Federal Medical and Biological Agency, said that Naspoli was suffering from a minor health issue with his vestibular system.
The crew was flown from the landing site to Karaganda to undergo medical checks. In Karaganda, Coleman and Nespoli boarded a waiting NASA Gulfstream jet for a flight back to NASA’s Johnson Space Center in Houston. Kontratyev was flown on a GCTC Tu-134 back to Chkalovsky airfield of the Gagarin Cosmonaut Training Center at Zvezdny Gorodok.

</doc>
<doc id="19485955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485955" title="Johannes Poulsen">
Johannes Poulsen

He debuted with the Dagmar Theatre in 1901.
In 1909 he joined the Royal Theatre as an actor, and from 1917 was also a stage director.
Memorable roles included Peer Gynt, Shylock, Henry VIII and the fool in Twelfth Night.
Poulsen debuted on film in 1910 with Regia Art Films, and later starred in four films for Nordisk Film.
He wrote the book "Gennem de fagre riger" (Through the fair realms) which was published in 1916.
In 1919 Poulsen staged Adam Oehlenschläger's drama "Aladdin" with music to be composed by Carl Nielsen. After accepting the contract, Nielsen found that Poulsen was making the orchestra play under the huge staircase in the center of the scenery and using the orchestra pit in the set. When Poulsen cut out large parts of the music during final rehearsals and changed the sequence of dances, Nielsen demanded that his name be removed from the poster and the program.
Poulsen remained with the Royal theater until 1927.
From 1928 to 1930 he gave guest appearances in several European capitals, before returning the Royal Theatre where he remained until his death, performing for the last time as Christian IV in "Elf Hill" on 31 May 1938.
Shortly before his death he played with George Schnéevoigt in the movie "Champagnegaloppen."

</doc>
<doc id="19485967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485967" title="Louisiana Literature">
Louisiana Literature

Louisiana Literature is a literary magazine. Founded in 1984 by Southeastern Louisiana University, it publishes fiction, poetry, and creative nonfiction quarterly.
Editors.
Editor, as of October 2009, was Jack Bedell.
Masthead.
As of October 2009:

</doc>
<doc id="19485986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19485986" title="Eberhart Steel Products Company">
Eberhart Steel Products Company

Eberhart Steel Products Company was an American aircraft parts manufacturer, formed in 1918 in Buffalo, New York. In 1922 Eberhart received a contract to rebuilt 50 Royal Aircraft Factory S.E.5A's, redesignated Eberhart S.E.5E. Eberhart also converted the French made SPAD S.XIII, replacing the French engine with an American made Wright-Hispano E. In 1925 "Eberhart Aeroplane and Motor Company" was formed as a subsidiary of Eberhart Steel. The only aircraft Eberhart Aeroplane created was the Eberhart XFG.

</doc>
<doc id="19486005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486005" title="Eigil Reimers">
Eigil Reimers

Eigil Reimers (10 August 1904 - 11 November 1976) was a Danish actor.

</doc>
<doc id="19486017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486017" title="Claude Raffestin">
Claude Raffestin

Claude Raffestin (* 1936 in Paris) is a Swiss geographer. He is professor of human geography at University of Geneva.
Raffestin's work primily deals with territoriality and relies heavily on Michel Foucault’s work about power. His most influential book "Pour une géographie du pouvoir" has been translated into Italian and (Brazilian) Portuguese.

</doc>
<doc id="19486039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486039" title="1989 British Speedway League">
1989 British Speedway League

The 1989 British League (also known as the Sunbrite British League for sponsorship reasons) was the 25th since its establishment in 1965. The league operated as the top-tier of British speedway. The Coventry Bees were the defending champions from 1988. The league was once again run over a 15-heat formula, with 7 riders per team. The season ended with Oxford Cheetahs winning their third title in five years.
Final table.
M = Matches; W = Wins; D = Draws; L = Losses; Pts = Total Points
Team Line-Ups.
Also Rode = Less than 6 matches completed

</doc>
<doc id="19486054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486054" title="David Castle (philosopher)">
David Castle (philosopher)

David Castle (born 1967 in Edmonton, Alberta) is a Canadian philosopher and bioethicist. He is currently Professor and Chair of Innovations in the Life Sciences at University of Edinburgh, where he investigates how to get others to innovate. From 2006–2010 he served as Canada Research Chair in Science and Society at the University of Ottawa.
He received his B.Sc. and B.A. from the University of Alberta, M.A. from McMaster University, and Ph.D. from the University of Guelph, supervised by Michael Ruse.
His research focuses on social issues and government policy relating to biotechnology, especially nutrigenomics.

</doc>
<doc id="19486066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486066" title="1899 Rosenska Pokalen">
1899 Rosenska Pokalen

Rosenska Pokalen 1899, part of the 1899 Swedish football season, was the first Rosenska Pokalen tournament played. Three teams participated and two matches were played, both on 24 September 1899. Gefle IF won the tournament ahead of runners-up AIK.

</doc>
<doc id="19486070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486070" title="Roger-Arnould Rivière">
Roger-Arnould Rivière

Roger-Arnould Rivière (21 March 1930 – 16 September 1959) was a French poet. 
Rivière was born in Tarare, Rhône. Despite not being unpopular among other people, he was disgusted with his looks (especially lips). His poetry both shows and hides this "ugliness". He was an admirer of Dylan Thomas and also Cesare Pavese, whose book he held in his hand when he committed suicide in Lyon by poisoning himself with gas. 

</doc>
<doc id="19486073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486073" title="Gone to the Dogs">
Gone to the Dogs

Gone to the Dogs is a 2003 novel by Emily Carmichael.
Plot introduction.
Piggy is the reincarnation of a blonde girl named Lydia Keane. She suffers from a diet started by her new owner, Nell Jordan. Piggy searches for morsels of food to eat. When Piggy inherits a fortune from an old man, that she visited as a therapy dog, she must protect her owner from P.I. Dan Travis. Dan Travis is the grandson of Piggy's benefactor. At a request from his mother, he investigates Piggy and her owner, and also falls for Nell Jordan. Nell has the secret that a villain wants to kidnap Piggy.
Reception.
Brianna Yamashita, of Publishers Weekly, reviewed the book saying, "A villain intent on kidnapping Piggy adds some suspense, but it is Carmichael's scenic descriptions of the northern Arizona setting, insider's peek into the world of therapy pets and loveable characters, both human and otherwise, that make this lighthearted romp worth savoring." Kristin Ramsdell, of '"Library Journal", reviewed the book saying, " Lively pacing, zingy dialog, and Piggy's hilarious internal monologs are just the things to lighten the winter blues for readers who like their contemporaries on the sassy, slightly paranormal side. Carmichael has written numerous historical and contemporary romances and lives in Arizona." Maria Hatton, of "Booklist", reviewed the book saying, "Carmichael's spunky canine hero will win even more admirers in this terrifically funny and captivating installment in her ongoing adventures.

</doc>
<doc id="19486080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486080" title="Osvald Helmuth">
Osvald Helmuth

Life and career.
HIs career began in Randers in 1913, and he later appeared in the Nørrebro Teater in Copenhagen. In 1929 he got his big break with the revue song "Ølhunden glammer" by Poul Henningsen.
In 1936 he appeared in his first film, "Cirkusrevyen", a musical comedy in which he displayed his singing talents, directred by acclaimed directors Lau Lauritzen, Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks. This paved the way for a successful film career in the 1930s and 1940s, successively appeareing in leading roles in musical comedies directed by these people such as "Der var engang en vicevært" (1937), "En fuldendt gentleman" (1937) but also thrillers such as "Blaavand melder storm" (1938). After the family film "Familien Olsen" in 1940, Helmuth ended his duel partnership with Lauritzen Jr. and Fredericks and in 1941 played the leading role in Emanuel Gregers's "En mand af betydning" in which he starred alongside Inger Stender and Sigrid Horne-Rasmussen . Helmuth did however reconcile with Fredericks in 1947 in the comedy "Stjerneskud", co-directed with Jon Iversen.
In 1960 he performed as a narrator in the short documentary film directed by Jørgen Roos, "A City Called Copenhagen". The film was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
Of his more serious roles are in Jeppe in "Jeppe på bjerget", performed at the Det kongelige Teater in 1954, and Doolittle in "My Fair Lady" in 1960. On 21 March 1954 Osvald Helmuth appeared on Broadway in New York City with Victor Borge. Together with Poul Reumert he also sang a selection of "Gluntarne" duets.
Notable songs sung by Helmuth include "Dit hjerte er i fare Andresen", "Herlig en sommernat", "100 mand og en bajer" and "Bar' engang imellem".
He was award a Knight of the Dannebrog in 1953 and during his 50-year anniversary in 1963, he was elevated to Knight of the 1st Degree.
In 1961 he starred as an authority figure in the film, "The Boy Who Loved Horses".
Helmuth's last film appearance was shortly before his death in Henning Carlsen's "Hunger", based upon the novel "Hunger" by Norwegian Nobel Prize-winning author Knut Hamsun. The film was nominated for the Palme D'Or and won the Bodil Award for Best Danish Film in 1967 and other awards for the cast after his death.
Death.
He died on 18 March 1966 at the age of 71 following a nearly 60 year-long career. He was buried at Ordrup Cemetery. Osvald Helmuth was the father of actor Frits Helmuth.

</doc>
<doc id="19486083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486083" title="Tilleke &amp; Gibbins">
Tilleke &amp; Gibbins

Tilleke & Gibbins is a regional law firm in Thailand and Vietnam, with offices in Bangkok, Hanoi, and Ho Chih Minh City. The firm's core practices are commercial transactions, mergers and acquisitions, dispute resolution, litigation, and intellectual property law.
History.
In 1890, William Alfred Tilleke, a Ceylonese solicitor, began a new practice in Siam (now Thailand). In 1894, Tilleke gained recognition when he successfully defended Phra Yot Muang Kwang, a Thai provincial governor, who had been accused of murdering a French military officer. In the face of colonial pressure by the French and before a French Court conducted in Thailand, Tilleke exonerated Phra Yot through affirmative evidence and all seven judges presiding returned a "Not Guilty" verdict. Ralph Gibbins, an Englishman, joined the firm in 1902 and later became a legal adviser in the Siamese Ministry of Justice, before serving as a judge of the International Court in 1916.
Samuel Brighouse and Reginald Atkinson led the firm from 1911 until Thailand’s involvement in World War II in 1941. During the war, the firm was safeguarded by Ina Jorgensen, who was the secretary of Victor Jaques, a partner at Tilleke & Gibbins. In 1946, Mr. Jaques ran the firm as the sole partner remaining after the war had ended. 
In 1951, Albert Lyman purchased the firm from Victor Jaques for $2,500. Mr. Lyman and his wife, Freda, ran the firm with a Thai partner, Rojvit Periera. The Lymans’ son, David, joined the firm in 1967 and took over Tilleke & Gibbins’ operations after his father’s death in 1984.
Practice Areas and General Information.
Tilleke & Gibbins, a full-service law firm that has core practice areas focusing on commercial transactions and M&A, dispute resolution and litigation, and intellectual property. In total, the firm offers 18 areas of expertise:
• Anti-Corruption
• Antitrust and Competition
• Banking and Finance
• Bankruptcy and Restructuring
• Commercial Transactions and M&A
• Corporate Services
• Dispute Resolution and Litigation
• Employment
• Energy
• Family Law and Private Clients
• Government Relations
• Insurance
• Intellectual Property
• Property
• Regulatory Affairs
• Tax
• Technology, Multimedia, and Communications
• Transportation and Logistics
The firm employs over 100 lawyers and 250 support staff. It is headed by David Lyman, Chairman & Chief Values Officer. Darani Vachanavuttivong and Tiziana Sucharitkul are the Co-Managing Partners of the firm.
Experience.
In what has been widely regarded as the most complex patent litigation matter in Thai history, Tilleke & Gibbins successfully represented a global leader in materials science before the Intellectual Property and International Trade Court (IP&IT Court) and obtained a very favorable settlement just prior to the rendering of judgment. In addition to securing a rare Anton Piller Order to seize infringing goods and successfully prove the other party’s infringement, Tilleke & Gibbins also formulated strategies for protecting the validity of the client’s valuable patent. The global settlement secured the client’s advantageous market position worldwide and resolved multiple disputes spanning several jurisdictions.
Tilleke & Gibbins won a historic judgment for a global technology leader against former employees who misappropriated the client’s tremendously valuable trade secret technology. In the IP&IT Court decision, the client was awarded an injunction against use and disclosure of its trade secret technologies, including machines, processes, and information. The client also received substantial damages and recovery of legal fees. This was the first case that a trade secret owner has successfully enforced against trade secret misappropriation in Thailand.
With regard to mergers and acquisitions, Tilleke & Gibbins advised a multinational pharmaceutical company on various corporate consolidation matters in Thailand and Vietnam arising from its worldwide merger with another leading pharmaceutical company. After the integration became effective, the firm helped the subsidiaries comply with a myriad of legal requirements and assisted the client in obtaining the necessary permits.
Tilleke & Gibbins successfully defended one of Thailand’s largest foreign investors against an international insurance provider in four complex defective product lawsuits pertaining to power generation equipment. The court dismissed each of the multimillion dollar lawsuits. The firm was also successful in defending a leading global logistics company in three separate criminal actions brought by the Thai Customs Department, each carrying considerable fines.
Offices.
Tilleke & Gibbins’ main office is in Bangkok, Thailand, with other offices in Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.
Awards and Rankings.
The Tilleke & Gibbins intellectual property practice is consistently ranked as the top IP practice in Thailand in leading legal directories, such as "Chambers Asia" and "The Asia Pacific Legal 500". The firm has also been named Thailand IP Firm of the Year by "Managing Intellectual Property". and has won the Asia Women in Business Law award in 2011 by "Euromoney"
Tilleke & Gibbins has also been highly ranked in Thailand and Vietnam for its practices in Corporate and M&A, Dispute Resolution, TMT, Tax, and Transportation and Logistics.
Memberships.
Tilleke & Gibbins is active in several international associations of independent law firms, such as Lex Mundi, Multilaw, Pacific Rim Advisory Council, State Capital Law Firm Group, and TransAtlantic Law International.
Museum of Counterfeit Goods.
The firm's Bangkok office is home to the unique Tilleke & Gibbins Museum of Counterfeit Goods, which was established in 1989. The museum’s collection is composed of more than 3,500 pieces of infringing trademark and copyrighted goods, making it the largest one of its kind in Thailand. The collection now covers 14 broad categories of goods, including clothing, footwear, watches and eyewear, accessories, cosmetics and perfumes, food and household products, drugs, alcohol and cigarettes, copyrighted works, stationery and office supplies, automotive parts, tools, electrical devices, and miscellaneous products. The Museum of Counterfeit Goods has attracted significant media attention, and at least four major foreign television broadcasting companies (including CNN and BBC) have featured the museum in their documentaries concerning the counterfeit situation in Thailand. Many local and international newspapers and magazines have also published articles on the Tilleke & Gibbins museum. For example, both "The Christian Science Monitor" and "TIME" magazine have recently presented profiles of the museum.

</doc>
<doc id="19486098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486098" title="Ed Carpenter">
Ed Carpenter

Ed Carpenter or Edward Carpenter may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19486100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486100" title="The Bellflower Bunnies (season 3)">
The Bellflower Bunnies (season 3)

The third season of The Bellflower Bunnies, a children's animated series based on the "Beechwood Bunny Tales" books by Geneviève Huriet and Loïc Jouannigot, began airing on France's TF1 network on 4 April 2007. The episodes are directed by Eric Berthier, produced by Patricia Robert, and written by Valérie Baranski.
This season consists of twenty-six episodes, During April and May 2008, all of them were first broadcast on Kinderkanal (KI.KA), a German children's station; episodes 27–38 first aired in France from April 4 to July 4, 2007, episodes 39–45 aired from July 6 to August 24, 2008, episodes 46–50 from December 22, 2008 to January 2, 2009 and episodes 51 and 52 on July 12 and July 13, 2010 respectively. In July and August 2008, most of those were broadcast on the French-language channel TFO in Ontario, Canada.
Production.
As with season 2, "The Bellflower Bunnies" is a co-production of France's TF1, Euro Visual, Big Cash and Walt Disney Television, and Canada's Tooncan. Newcomers to the series included the Département de la Charente, Région Poitou-Charentes, and Peter Scheede Animation of Saint-Yrieix-sur-Charente.
Production of this season began in 2005, and ended around early 2007. Returnees included director Eric Berthier, producer Patricia Robert, writer Valérie Baranski, executive co-producer Paul Cadieux, and executive producers Yves Pont and Franck Algard.
Episodes.
Each episode in this season runs 22 minutes in length. Except for "Les Passiflore à la mer" (based on an original "Beechwood Bunny Tale"), the episodes are based on original scripts by Valérie Baranski. The English titles for this season's episodes come from broadcasts on other countries, such as TVP1 in Poland and Boomerang in Latin America/Brazil. 
The 38th episode in the official order, "Le violon du marais," aired in France before #37, "L'expédition glaciale." On KI.KA's list, however, "La reine des corsaires" ("Das Geheimnis von Schloss Meadow") comes at #37, while "L'expédition glaciale" is placed at #39 instead.
"Note: O = Corresponds to the official order as listed by Institut National de l'Audiovisuel (INA) and AnimezVous.com. B = Corresponds to TF1's broadcast schedule. Numbers to the right refer to their positions in this season."
DVD releases.
Beez Entertainment and Seven Sept released the first DVD of this season on 4 November 2008, as "La Famille Passiflore: Les Nouvelles Aventures". Like the second season discs, the original French versions are paired with their English dubs. Another volume was released on January 6, 2009., the two DVDs include five episodes each. No new volumes of this season have been released since then.

</doc>
<doc id="19486112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486112" title="West Vernor-Junction Historic District">
West Vernor-Junction Historic District

West Vernor-Junction Historic District is a commercial historic district located along West Vernor Highway between Lansing and Calvary in Detroit, Michigan. The district includes and 44 buildings. Parks near the neighorhood include "Patton Park" and "Clark Park", named for U.S. Generals George S. Patton and Mark W. Clark. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
Significance.
The West Vernor-Junction Historic District is adjacent to Mexicantown and contains a large vibrant Latino community and resurgent neighborhoods. It includes the historic Most Holy Redeemer Church, designed by architects Donaldson and Meier, which was once estimated as the largest Catholic parish in North America. It contains an elementary school. The locally popular Roman Catholic high school was replaced by another in suburban Detroit. 
A Hollywood movie, "The Rosary Murders" (1987), starring actor Donald Sutherland prominently featured the neighborhood. As in other Southwest Detroit neighborhoods such as Springwells Village, West Vernor Highway here is its main commercial thoroughfare. Churches, parks, recreation centers, and theatres archor neighborhoods such as the West Vernor-Junction. The major area parks include Clark's Park and Patton Park, both named for the famous World War II generals. The 600-seat Stratford Theatre at 4751 W. Vernor Hwy., designed by Joseph P. Jogerst, seated 1,137 when it opened in 1916. The Art Deco-styled Stratford in the West Vernor-Junction Historic District has operated as a retail store since 1985.
Many Lithuanians settled in Detroit during the World War II era, especially on the city's Southwest side in the West Vernor area where the renovated Lithuanan Hall reopened in 2006. St. Anthony's parish at 1750 25th Street became a predominantly attended by Lithuanian immigrants and continues to hold servies in Lithuanian. 

</doc>
<doc id="19486123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486123" title="Ordinance of Normandy">
Ordinance of Normandy

The Ordinance of Normandy is the name given to a paper authored by Philip VI of France on 23 March 1338. It called for a second Norman conquest of England, with an invading army led by the Duke of Normandy, and England was to be divided between the Duke of Normandy and his nobles as a fief for the King of France. It was discovered by the English army at Caen, following the Battle of Caen in 1346, that ensued from the English invasion of Normandy. After it was carried back to England by the Earl of Huntingdon when he was invalided at home it was read out in St. Paul's in London by the Archbishop of Canterbury, John de Stratford. King Philip vowed to "destruire & anientier tote la Nation & la Lange Engleys" and eliminate the entire English nation and language.

</doc>
<doc id="19486130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486130" title="Snipe incident">
Snipe incident

__NOTOC__
The Snipe incident was a military incident that took place between Chile and Argentina during 1958 as a result of a disputed border line in the Beagle Channel.
Both countries disagreed about the sovereign rights over the zone and Snipe, an uninhabitable islet between Picton Island and Navarino Island, claimed by both. Indeed, Chileans call the waterway around the islet "Beagle Channel", but in Argentina they called it "Moat channel" on the grounds that the Beagle Channel, allegedly, went south around the Navarino Island. In accordance with the Beagle Channel Arbitration and the Treaty of Peace and Friendship of 1984 between Chile and Argentina, it should be called Beagle Channel.
The incident began on 12 January 1958 as the crew of the Chilean Navy transporter "Micalvi" built a lighthouse on the islet Snipe to improve the navigation on the channel. The beacon of the lighthouse was installed on 1 May.
In April, Isaac Francisco Rojas, at that time, Commander of Naval Operations of the Argentine Navy, ordered the destruction of the Chilean lighthouse and its replacement with an Argentine one.
On 11 May, the Argentine lighthouse was dismantled and transported to Puerto Williams by the crew of the Chilean patrol boat "Lientur". Later, on 15 May, the same crew recovered the remains of the first Chilean lighthouse that had been removed and thrown into the sea by the crew of the Argentine patrol boat ARA "Guaraní".
On 8 June, a new Chilean lighthouse was installed on the islet by the crew of the "Lientur".
The next day the lighthouse was shelled and destroyed by the calibre 4.7 inches main guns of the Argentine destroyer ARA "San Juan", and a company of Argentine naval infantry occupied the islet to impose the Argentine claim.
Despite the military build up, a truce was agreed between the parties, that brought a return to previous status quo: no lighthouse and withdrawal of the Argentine military from the islet.
Aftermath.
The conflict over the islet (and the zone) was postponed, but Argentina maintained that the zone was disputed, and without a satisfactory solution, there would be no advance or economic use of the zone.
To confront the crisis, the Chilean government, in the last days of the second Carlos Ibáñez del Campo administration, issued the Ley Reservada del Cobre (Spanish for "Cooper secret law") that provided yearly for part of state owned Codelco's copper sales, without parliamentary control, for the purchase of weapons.
Twenty years later, in 1978, in order to avoid a repetition of the "fait accompli", Chile placed troops on Snipe and their other islands south of the Beagle Channel before the start of Operation Soberania, Argentina's planned invasion.
The fate of Snipe islet has since been settled by the "Treaty of Peace and Friendship of 1984", as an internationally recognized territory of the state of Chile. There is now a lighthouse on the islet.

</doc>
<doc id="19486135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486135" title="Fiat Marengo">
Fiat Marengo

Marengo is a model name that Italian car maker Fiat has given to the van derivatives of its mid-size cars, beginning with the "Fiat 131 Marengo" in 1979 and continuing with the Regata, Tempra, and Marea. The Marengo light commercial vehicle derivatives only have two seats and have only been equipped with diesel engines. The nameplate was retired in 2001 and succeeded by the van version of the Fiat Stilo Multiwagon. Fiat has a tradition of naming their commercial vehicle derivatives differently from the cars upon which they are based, compare with the Fiorino and the Penny.
First generation.
The first version was introduced in 1979 and was a three-door panel van version of the Fiat 131. Unlike the succeeding models it had unique bodywork, as no other three-door estate version of the 131 was marketed. It was actually sold as the "131 Marengo".
Second generation.
The second generation was presented alongside with the new Fiat Regata Weekend upon which it was based. As with its successors, the side windows in the rear were blacked out. Unlike the Regata, with its four engine options, the Marengo was only available with a , 1,929 cc diesel engine. A strict two-seater it has a cargo capacity of .
Third generation.
When the Regata Weekend was replaced by the Tempra SW in 1990, the Marengo followed suit for 1991. The engine remained the same, although a turbodiesel was also added to the lineup. The Marengo received a number of safety upgrades in April 1993, including an energy-absorbing steering wheel, adjustable seat belts, and an optional driver's side airbag.
Forth generation.
The Tempra-based Marengo was replaced by a version built on the new Marea in 1997. The nameplate was then retired, but the van version of the Fiat Stilo Multiwagon (2003) occupies the same slot in the marketplace and is the closest thing to a successor. As with its predecessors, the forth Marengo has a more robust interior and the rear doors cannot be opened from the inside.

</doc>
<doc id="19486149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486149" title="Friends of Democratic Pakistan">
Friends of Democratic Pakistan

Friends of Democratic Pakistan (FoDP) is a group aimed to extend support the Democratic Government of Pakistan in its efforts to consolidate democracy in Pakistan and support social and economic development in the country. The group was launched in New York on 26 September 2008 on the side lines of the United Nations General Assembly session. The initial meeting was Co-chaired by United States, United Kingdom, United Arab Emirates and Pakistan. It is modelled on the Friends of Israel Initiative.
The founding members states of the Friends of Democratic Pakistan included Britain, France, Germany, the United States, China, the United Arab Emirates, Canada, Turkey, Australia and Italy plus the United Nations and the European Union. Other countries also joined and at the meeting held in Abu Dhabi in April 2009 a total of 24 member states and international organizations attended.
The first meeting of Friends of Pakistan was headed by the former President of the Pakistan Asif Ali Zardari, and attended by the Foreign Ministers of Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, and Turkey, and representatives of China, the European Union and the United Nations and the Foreign Ministers of United Arab Emirates, the United Kingdom and the United States.
The next meeting of Friends of Pakistan Conference was held in Abu Dhabi in which Pakistan was represented by Javed Malik, Pakistan's Ambassador at Large and Aizaz Chaudhary Additional Foreign Secretary from Government of Pakistan.
Expert Level Meeting in Abu Dhabi.
An Expert Level meeting of the Friends of Democratic Pakistan group was hosted by the United Arab Emirates in the country's capital, Abu Dhabi on April 1 and 2, 2009. The meeting finalised the agenda for the ministerial level meeting which took place in Tokyo on April 17, and was presided by the President of Pakistan.
Representatives from 22 donor countries and international development institutions participated in the experts level meeting. The member states included Japan, USA, UK, France, Germany, Italy, Canada, People’s Republic of China, Saudi Arabia, UAE, Turkey, EU (European Commission), Australia, Republic of Korea, Netherlands, Norway, Sweden, Spain, United Nations, World Bank, Asian Development Bank and Islamic Development. 
Pakistan Delegation 
1. H.E. Salman Farooqi - Federal Minister and Secretary General to the President of Pakistan
2. H.E. Javed Malik - Pakistan's Ambassador at Large
3. Kamal Shah - - Secretary of State for Interior
4. Salman Siddiqui - Secretary of State for Finance
5. Farrauk Qayyum - Secretary of State for Economic Affairs
6. Shahid Rafi - Secretary of Water & Power
7. Senator Suggra
Dr Anwar Muhammad Gargash Al Awadhi, UAE Minister of State for Foreign Affairs was the chief guest at inaugural session of the meeting. Salman Faruqui, co-chairman, Federal Minister and Secretary General to the President of Pakistan would lead the Pakistan delegation and represent the President of Pakistan Secretary, Planning Commission briefed the participants on Pakistan’s strategic perspective on the Friends of Pakistan-Clusters on development, security, energy and institution building. Secretaries Finance and Economic Affairs Division presented Pakistan’s strategic perspective on the Tokyo Donors Conference and Trade and Finance. Secretary Interior briefed the participants of FODP meeting proposals developed by the security cluster for enhancement of capacity of the Pakistan’s law enforcement agencies and forces to fight militancy and fight against terror. Pakistan's Ambassador-at-Large Javed Malik gave presentation on Public Diplomacy, whereas a Presentation on institution building cluster was given by Senator Sughra Khan
[http://www.geo.tv/11-17-2008/28937.htm]
[http://www.app.com.pk/en_/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=72265]

</doc>
<doc id="19486156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486156" title="Mirotic">
Mirotic

Mirotic is the fourth Korean studio album (seventh overall) by South Korean pop group TVXQ, released on September 26, 2008 by S.M. Entertainment. This is the last Korean album with the group's original line-up.
The album was a major commercial breakthrough and is TVXQ's most critically successful album to date. The best-selling album of 2008, "Mirotic" debuted atop the Hanteo charts and sold 110,000 albums in one week, setting the record for one-week sales in South Korea. Version A of the album sold over 208,000 copies in a month, and cumulative sales surpassed 500,000 copies 109 days after its release. "Mirotic" is the first Korean album in four years to break 500,000 sales, a number which was last achieved by Seo Taiji's 2004 album "7th Issue". As of July 2012, "Mirotic" has sold over 600,000 copies in South Korea alone.
TVXQ had two promotional singles from the album. The title single "Mirotic" won a total of nine number-one trophies on Korean music programs "The Music Trend", "Music Bank", and "M! Countdown", and is touted by critics as a staple song of K-pop. Though succeeding single "Wrong Number" was unable to meet the success of its predecessor, it was an acclaimed K-pop hit.
"Mirotic" won the Disk Daesang (equivalent to Album of the Year) at the 23rd Golden Disk Awards and Album of the Year at the 2008 Mnet KM Music Festival (MKMF). It is currently the best-selling album among Korea's second-generation idols, earning the name "Album of the Decade."
Background.
The album had been in production since 2007, but the title was not decided upon until January 2008. TVXQ members Xiah Junsu and Max Changmin participated directly in the making of the album, penning the lyrics for "노을.. 바라보다 (Picture of You)" and "Love in the Ice", respectively. In addition, members Hero Jaejoong and Micky Yoochun composed and wrote the lyrics to "사랑아 울지마 (Don't Cry My Lover)" and "사랑 안녕 사랑 (Love Bye Love)", respectively, for version C of the album. 
The choreography of "주문-Mirotic," the title track of the album, was done in a collaboration between Korean choreographers and Kenny Wormald, who had also worked with pop stars Justin Timberlake, Chris Brown and Christina Aguilera. The song features a "reverse beat" track, meaning that the bass beat is either a half beat or a whole beat late in coming into a new phrase. While in most genres of music, the bass note comes in directly on the first beat of the measure in setting the chord of the phrase, reverse beat songs alter this usual method. In doing so, the reverse beat genre is said to have an effect of "growing on" the listener, having an addictive sound.
"Mirotic" is a newly coined term, created by member Hero Jaejoong, that combines the Korean "miro" (미로), meaning "maze", and the English suffix "-tic".
The title song was composed by the Danish producers, Remee, Lucas Secon and Thomas Troelsen. The German singer, Sarah Connor, also bought the copyright to the song (not specified when). Despite the fact that the two original songs were the same composed piece, they have musical differences (TVXQ's version has a rap and multi-layered harmonies while Connor's has a bridge; the melodies in the chorus also differ). "Mirotic" is one of the most successful singles ever in South Korea, in 2008 the song was downloaded 2,337,864 times. By the end of 2011 the song was officially downloaded 4,173,225 times.
Critical reception.
"Mirotic" has received positive acclaim from music critics. On IZM's Neo Music Community, the album received a 3.5 out of 5 stars, putting "Mirotic" as TVXQ's most critically successful album to date.
Controversy.
In November 2008, the Korean Commission of Youth Protection ruled that "Mirotic" was detrimental to youths and declared that the lyrics were provocative and overly sexual. As a result, the album was labeled with stickers indicating that it was unsuitable for people under 19 years old and any performances of the song would have to be broadcast after 10 PM. In response to the ruling, SM Entertainment agreed to make a clean version but also had filed an injunction to overrule the commission's decision
After the Commission of Youth Protection released their statement regarding the ban on the album, SM Entertainment said, 
TVXQ performed the clean version at the 23rd Annual Golden Disk Awards. The lyrics were changed from "I got you" to "I chose you" and "I got you under my skin" to "I got you under my sky."
In March 2009, the Seoul Administrative Court ruled in favor of SM Entertainment, stating:
On April 9, 2009, the Commission of Youth Protection announced they would appeal the ruling to a high court after having an emergency meeting and deeming that the phrase, "I got you under my skin", was inappropriate for minors.

</doc>
<doc id="19486159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486159" title="Hedwig of Denmark">
Hedwig of Denmark

Princess Hedwig of Denmark (5 August 1581 – 26 November 1641) was the youngest daughter of King Frederick II of Denmark and Sophie of Mecklenburg-Güstrow, and Electress of Saxony from 1602 to 1611 as the wife of Christian II.
The marriage was childless, and her husband was succeeded by his brother John George. After Christian's death in 1611, the Dowager Electress Hedwig held a powerful position in Saxony.
Early life and marriage.
Hedwig was born on 5 August 1581 at Frederiksborg Palace in Denmark, the seventh child and fourth daughter of King Frederick II of Denmark and Sophie of Mecklenburg-Güstrow. One of her three sisters was Princess Anne of Denmark, future queen of England and Scotland, and one of her brothers became Christian IV of Denmark. Like her siblings, she spent most of her childhood away from Denmark: in her case with her mother's relative in Mecklenburg. 
She was married on 12 September 1602 to Christian II, Elector of Saxony, her first cousin once removed, in Dresden. The nine-year marriage was childless. Christian died in Dresden on 23 June 1611.
Life as Dowager Electress.
When her husband died in 1611, Hedwig became Dowager Electress in charge of the police and courts. She shared her authority with the new Elector, but her subjects considered her their sovereign. She was able to maintain her independence from her brother-in-law when it came to trade and commerce. She acted independently, granting letters of free passage etc., something that was normally the prerogative of the Elector. Additionally, she founded churches and aided the poor, sick, and disabled. 
As sister of the Danish king Christian IV and sister-in-law of the British king she cultivated important connections for her brother-in-law, Elector John George I, and was involved in arranging the marriages of five of his seven children. Because of her position and connections, her territories were hardly attacked during the Thirty Years' War.
As a widow, she mainly lived in Lichtenburg, but she visited Denmark on her mothers' funeral in 1631 and at her nephew the crown prince's wedding in 1634. 
She died on 26 November 1641 at Schloss Lichtenburg in Prettin.

</doc>
<doc id="19486163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486163" title="Robert Alesch">
Robert Alesch

Robert Alesch (b. Aspelt, Luxembourg, 1906, d. by firing squad at Fort de Montrouge Arcueil, France, 1949) was a priest and collaborator with Nazi Germany during the Second World War.
Biography.
Priesthood.
Alesch was ordained in 1933 and settled in France in 1935. He was named vicar at La Varenne-Saint-Hilaire, parish of Saint-Maur, in the Paris region. From the beginning of the Nazi occupation, he passed himself off as an opponent of the Germans, particularly during his Sunday sermons.
Collaboration with the Nazis.
Alesch was in reality an agent in the service of the "Abwehr" German intelligence organization. He gained entry into resistance circles and won the confidence of the ethnologist Germaine Tillion, who put him in touch with Jacques Legrand, the chief executive of the "Réseau Gloria" and with Gabrielle Picabia (whose "nom de guerre" was "Gloria") founder and head of the network. Alesch was paid for his information by the Germans and lived a double life. Priest during the day, he lived with two mistresses on "rue Spontini" in the 16th arrondissement. On 13 August 1942, Legrand, Tillion and the main leaders of the network were arrested. Around 80 people found themselves imprisoned over the month of August. Detained in Fresnes prison and Prison de la Santé, they were subjected to long interrogations and in some cases, torture, by the German police. After being moved to the camp at Fort de Romainville they were mostly deported to the concentration camps of Buchenwald, Mauthausen and Ravensbrück. Jacques Legrand, his second, Thomasson and a number of others did not return from deportation.
Robert Alesch pursued his activities as double agent for the Nazis, encouraging young people to resist then delivering them to the occupiers. He was paid 12,000 Francs monthly, about the salary of a high-ranking officer at the time, and earned a bonus for each person he informed on.
The end.
After the war, Alesch fled to Brussels. He was handed over to the French authorities and tried by the "Cour de Justice" of the Seine department. The surviving members of the network, Tillion (who invoked the memory of her mother Émilie Tillion, murdered at Ravensbrück), Picabia and Pierre Weydert were also there to witness at the trial.
Alesch was sentenced to be executed by firing squad on 25 January 1949 at Fort de Montrouge (Arcueil).

</doc>
<doc id="19486166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486166" title="West Vernor-Lawndale Historic District">
West Vernor-Lawndale Historic District

The West Vernor-Lawndale Historic District is a commercial historic district located along West Vernor Highway between Cabot and Ferris in Detroit, Michigan. The district includes and 10 buildings. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002. The neighborhood borders "Patton Park", named after U.S. General George S. Patton of World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="19486175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486175" title="Suzi Q. Smith">
Suzi Q. Smith

Suzi Q. Smith is an American poet, spoken word artist and activist. She began writing poetry in her elementary years and by high school was participating in poetry readings and poetry slams. She began her career as an activist working with civil rights organizations, and continued working as a community organizer and artist performing throughout the United States. Currently, she writes, performs, and leads workshops throughout the United States.
Poetry.
In 2006, she worked with community activist Ashara Ekundayo and poets Ken Arkind and Panama Soweto to launch Slam Nuba, which quickly became one of the nation's most highly ranked poetry slams.
In 2007, she collaborated with Belgian group Psy'Aviah on their single 'Moments', which was a finalist in the BBC's 'Next Big Thing' Contest including Het Laatste Nieuws, De Morgen, and Gazet Van Antwerpen.
In 2008, she released a spoken word album entitled "Picks, Pistols, and Prayers", featuring the title track dedicated to Huey P. Newton. In 2011, she released her second spoken word album entitled "Re-Mixed", a collaborative music project featuring the work of several producers from around the world, most notably Henry Harding. Her third spoken word album, "Black Hole Mouth" was released in January 2013.
Currently, Smith resides in Denver, CO with her daughter. She performs poetry and music throughout the U.S. in addition to leading workshops in learning environments that range from schools to detention centers.
Organizations.
• Flobots.org, 2011 – present
• Denver Minor Disturbance Youth Poetry Slam, 2010 – present
• Art from Ashes, 2008 – present
• Poetry Slam, Inc. 2006 – present
• The Children's Hospital, 2009 – 2012
• Pan African Arts Society, 2006 – 2009
• Denver Center for Crime Victims, 2003 – 2005
• Proactive 4 A Change HIV/AIDS Awareness Conference, 2001
• Denver Martin Luther King, Jr. “Marade” March and Parade, 1998-2000
• Urban League of Metropolitan Denver, 1997 – 2000
Titles.
• Champion, Team Competition, Southwest Shootout 2012
• Finalist, Individual Competition, Southwest Shootout 2011
• Semi–Finalist, National Poetry Slam 2011 and 2012
• Champion, Silver Tongue Champion, Verse/Converse Festival 2011 and 2012
• Finalist, Women of the World Poetry Slam 2011
• Co-Coach, Denver Minor Disturbance Poetry Slam 2011 – present
• Founding Slammaster – Slam Nuba – 2006
• City Champion, Women of the World Poetry Slam Competition, 2010
• Finalist, Pablo Neruda Poetry Festival Barrio Slam, 2009 and 2011
• Coach, Slam Nuba Denver Team, 2009
• Poetry Editor, Denver Syntax, 2006–2007
Periodicals.
• The Peralta Press (Alehouse Press)
• In Our Own Words (Burning Bush Publications)
• Events Quarterly (www.eventsquarterly.com)
• Word is Bond (Unblind Communications)
• The Los Angeles Journal (www.losangelesjournal.com)
• Denver Syntax (www.denversyntax.com)
• Concelebratory Shoehorn Review (http://www.cshoe.blogspot.com/)
• The Pedestal Magazine (http://www.thepedestalmagazine.com/)
• Malpais Review (http://malpaisreview.com/)
Anthologies.
• World of Women Poetry Anthology (Poetry Slam, Inc.)
• His Rib: Anthology of Women (Penmanship Books)

</doc>
<doc id="19486182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486182" title="John Crittenden Duval">
John Crittenden Duval

John Crittenden Duval (1816–1897) was an American writer of Texas literature. He has been noted as being the first Texas man of letters and was dubbed the "Father of Texas Literature" by J. Frank Dobie. His "Early Times in Texas" was initially published serially in 1867 in "Burke's Weekly" (Macon, Georgia) and was finally published in book form in 1892. The story, which became a Texas classic, recounted Duval's escape from the Goliad Massacre as well as other adventures.

</doc>
<doc id="19486198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486198" title="West Vernor-Springwells Historic District">
West Vernor-Springwells Historic District

West Vernor-Springwells Historic District is a commercial historic district located along West Vernor Highway between Honorah and Norman in Detroit, Michigan. The district includes and 28 buildings. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
Springwells Village.
Springwells Village in southwest Detroit, USA, is near the Ford Motor Company River Rouge Plant. Springwells Village is largely residential, and in 2002, part of Springwells Village was recognized as a national historic district.
The neighborhood is served by the Detroit Public Library's Campbell Branch Library, located at 8733 West Vernor in Springwells. In September 1907 Branch 8, the Delray Branch, opened. The branch was on West End Avenue. In January 1922 a replacement branch, James Valentine Campbell Branch on West Fort Street, operated from January 1922 to December 1996. In July 1999 the Campbell Annex Branch opened at the Holy Redeemer Cultural Center. The branch closed in August 2004. In March 2006 the Campbell Branch at Lawndale Station opened.
Springwells includes Odd Fellows Hall, a historic building built in 1917. Recently restored with funding from Governor Jennifer Granholm's Cool Cities initiative, it is hoped that the Hall will "serve as an anchor to the neighborhood and a magnet for further economic development and job creation."

</doc>
<doc id="19486200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486200" title="Torkil Lauritzen">
Torkil Lauritzen


</doc>
<doc id="19486203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486203" title="1990 British Speedway League">
1990 British Speedway League

Final table.
M = Matches; W = Wins; D = Draws; L = Losses; Pts = Total Points

</doc>
<doc id="19486225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486225" title="Aotearoa Wave and Tidal Energy Association">
Aotearoa Wave and Tidal Energy Association

The Aotearoa Wave and Tidal Energy Association (AWATEA) is a New Zealand organisation established in 2006 to promote renewable energy from marine sources. This includes energy from tides, waves and ocean currents.
Organisations involved in New Zealand include Genesis Energy, Meridian Energy and Crest Energy. Several projects are being developed, including Kaipara Tidal Power Station and another in Cook Strait.
Speaking at the 2007 conference, Jeanette Fitzsimons, then NZ Government spokesperson for Energy Efficiency stated that: "I remain very positive, and excited, at the prospects for marine energy in NZ. It is a perfect fit with our history as a maritime nation; the NZ love of the sea and sea going craft; the goals of the NZ Energy Strategy to get as close to 100% renewable electricity as we can; and to the Prime Minister’s aspirational goal to be carbon neutral and truly sustainable."

</doc>
<doc id="19486232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486232" title="Leger Douzable">
Leger Douzable

Leger Douzable (born May 31, 1986) is an American football defensive end for the New York Jets of the National Football League (NFL). He was signed by the Minnesota Vikings as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at UCF.
Douzable has also played for the New York Giants, Jacksonville Jaguars, St. Louis Rams, Detroit Lions, and Tennessee Titans.
Early years.
He was a two-year letter winner at Alonso High School in Tampa. As a senior he finished with 50 tackles and 10 sacks and also returned an interception for a touchdown along with blocking two field goals and forcing two fumbles . He was a Second-team All-County selection as a senior.
College career.
Douzable ended his 2007 season with 49 tackles and seven sacks, bringing his career totals to 102 tackles and 14 sacks and was awarded First-team All Conference USA. In 2006 he made nine starts and saw action in all 12 games splitting time between defensive tackle and defensive end. He was Third-team All-Conference USA after leading the team with seven sacks and 10½ tackles for loss. In 2005 he played in 12 games, including one start as a sophomore and ended the season with 17 tackles and two tackles for loss. In 2004 he played in all 11 games as a true freshman at defensive tackle and ended the season with four total tackles.
Professional career.
Minnesota Vikings.
Douzable began his rookie season on the Minnesota practice squad before being waived on September 8, 2008.
New York Giants.
He signed to the New York Giants practice squad on September 11, 2008 and spent the majority of the season there before joining the Giants’ active roster (12/3) and inactive for the Giants over the final four games of the 2008 regular season and the NFC Divisional Playoff. He was released in September, 2009.
St. Louis Rams.
On September 17, 2009, Douzable was signed to the practice squad by St. Louis and thirteen days later was signed to the active roster. For the 2009 season he played in 12 games posted 16 tackles (11 solo), including five tackles for loss to tie for second-most on the
team and also had four quarterback hits.
The St. Louis Rams waived Douzable on June 28, 2010.
Detroit Lions.
Douzable was claimed off waivers by the Detroit Lions on June 29, 2010. He was waived on August 4.
Jacksonville Jaguars.
Douzable was signed by the Jacksonville Jaguars on August 8, 2010, and made the Jaguars 53-man opening day roster.
New York Jets.
Douzable was signed by the New York Jets on July 25, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19486274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486274" title="Else Højgaard">
Else Højgaard

Else Højgaard (18 April 1906–11 July 1979) was a Danish ballerina and an actress of stage and screen. Noted for a fiery temperament and edgy intensity, Højgaard premiered as a solo ballerina for George Balanchine in 1931 and was the primary dancer for Harald Lander until 1942. Højgaard later went on to a long career as a dramatic actress, performing and teaching at the Royal Danish Theatre. She performed in radio and television, and played supporting roles in several films including the dark drama Café Paradis (1950). Højgaard was awarded a knighthood in the Order of the Dannebrog in 1961 and promoted to Knight 1st Class in 1971.
Ballet career.
Else Højgaard (née Andreasen) was born on 18 April 1906 on Bornholm, Denmark, the daughter of a civil attorney. At the age of 12, Højgaard became a student at the Royal Danish Theatre ballet school in Copenhagen and graduated in 1929. She debuted in the role of Amelie in the 1928 production of "Drømmebilleder" and was chosen to perform the solo of Terpsichore in George Balanchine's 1931 staging of "Apollon Musagete". Following that performance, Højgaard was a solo ballerina for the Royal Danish Ballet until her retirement from ballet performance in 1942. She was the primary dancer for Harald Lander's revival of the August Bournonville ballets. Known for a fiery temperament, she was noted for her highly dramatic and lyrical performances, lending a modern, anti-romantic presentation to her roles.
Acting career.
While employed as a ballerina, Højgaard also attended the Royal Danish Theatre's drama school from 1932 to 1934 and made her stage debut in Anker Larsen's "Son of Zeus" (1935). She later performed as the dancer Arabella in the 1938 film musical "Champagnegaloppen". However, it wasn't until she left the ballet in 1942 that Højgaard dedicated herself to acting and demonstrated a dramatic stage presence that was "independent", "indestructible", and "almost defiant." Noted performances included the Karen Blixen-like character of Julia in T.S. Eliot's "The Cocktail Party" and the emotional sister Irene in "Søskende" (1952). Højgaard performed in both radio and television, and she was an instructor for 16 years at the Royal Danish Theatre until 1967. In 1971, at the age of 65, Højgaard returned to ballet to perform the role of Old Woman in "Dødens triumf" ("The Triumph of Death"). In 1961, Højgaard was awarded knighthood in the Order of the Dannebrog and in 1972, she was promoted to Knight of the First Degree.
During a career that spanned four decades, Højgaard performed supporting roles in several films. According to cinema historian Morten Piils, the edgy nervousness and intensity of Højgaard's appearance prevented her from being offered lead roles in films. However, her few roles were often memorable performances, such as that of the judgemental Agnes in the darkly dramatic Danish masterpiece "Café Paradis". Her final performance was in the 1972 children's film "Mig og Charley". Højgaard died on 11 July 1979 at the age of 73 during a fire at her summer house on Bornholm.
Personal life.
Højgaard married the businessman Anders Christian Emil Højgaard on 14 December 1926, however they divorced less than two years later. She was married a second time in 1936 with shoe manufacturer Willy Johanens Madsen. Later, she was married to the violinist and choir director Henrik Reinholdt Sachsenskjold, but that marriage also ended in divorce. Højgaard was the half-sister to Danish stage director Søren Melson and sister-in-law of Gull-Maj Norin.

</doc>
<doc id="19486275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486275" title="1900 Rosenska Pokalen">
1900 Rosenska Pokalen

Rosenska Pokalen 1900, part of the 1900 Swedish football season, was the second Rosenska Pokalen tournament played. Seven teams participated and six matches were played, the first 29 August 1900 and the last 2 September 1900. Gefle IF won the tournament ahead of runners-up AIK.

</doc>
<doc id="19486277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486277" title="Joe's Menage">
Joe's Menage

"Joe's Menage" is a live album by Frank Zappa, posthumously released on October 1, 2008. It contains previously unreleased material from 1975. It is the fourth album in the "Joe's Corsage" series, which is devoted to various rarities compiled by Joe Travers for the "Zappa Family Trust". This album contains material from a concert in Williamsburg on November 1, 1975 (the middle part). It presents for the first time extensive recordings featuring vocalist and alto saxophonist Norma Jean Bell, who was only in Zappa's touring band for a brief period in late 1975.
The album first germinated in 1978 when Zappa gave fan Ole Lysgaard several cassette tapes, including one of this 1975 concert. In 2004, Lysgaard sent the tapes to Gail Zappa, and she decided to release this particular dub made by Zappa. It was not possible to retrieve Zappa's original tapes, but the tape reel from which Zappa had produced the cassette dub was located in the vault. It was restored by Joe Travers and mastered by John Polito.
Track listing.
All compositions and arrangements by Frank Zappa

</doc>
<doc id="19486357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486357" title="Maccabi Rehovot F.C.">
Maccabi Rehovot F.C.

Maccabi Rehovot F.C. () is an Israeli football club based in Rehovot. The club competed in the top division during the 1950s, but today plays in Liga Gimel, the fifth and lowest level of Israeli football.
History.
Maccabi Rehovot took part in the first post-independence league in 1949-50, finishing 8th out of 13. After several mid-table finishes, the club was relegated to Liga Alef at the end of the 1955-56 season after finishing second from bottom. The following season the club finished second in Liga Alef, which usually resulted in automatic promotion to the top division. However, that season promotion/relegation play-offs were held and Maccabi finished bottom of the group, remaining in the second tier.
In 1960 the club was relegated to Liga Bet, the third division, and in the 1990s they dropped into Liga Gimel.

</doc>
<doc id="19486369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486369" title="Medicine Mound, Texas">
Medicine Mound, Texas

Medicine Mound is a ghost town in southeastern Hardeman County in West Texas. It consists of two buildings, the former Hicks-Cobb general store and the W.W. Cole Building, a combination bank, drugstore, gasoline station (with rusty pumps still standing), and post office. The Hicks-Cobb building has been turned into a regional history and cultural museum by its former owner, Myna Potts (born 1927), of nearby Chillicothe, the daughter of store co-owner Ira Lee Hicks (1886-1966). The museum is a personal testimony of Potts' life. It contains a large collection of photographs of area pioneers. Potts considers the preservation a way to honor the contributions of rural Americans.
A sign proclaims: “Medicine Mound: Population Zero”, but the Texas road map claims fifty individuals live in the general area. Medicine Mound can be accessed southward from Chillicothe via Farm to Market Road 91, which connects with F-M Road 1167 at the ghost town and proceeds northward to U.S. Highway 287 several miles west of Chillicothe. The ghost town is southeast of the county seat of Quanah. southeast of Lake Pauline, and north of the Pease River.
Medicine Mound has received non-profit status and has been placed in the domain of the newly established Downtown Medicine Mound Preservation Group, a 501(c)(3) public charity. Potts operates the museum on Saturday from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m., and by appointment through her Chillicothe telephone. There are four historical markers in Medicine Mound to commemorate the community itself, the Hicks-Cobb store, a Works Progress Administration sanitation project in the 1930s, and a small 19th century cemetery.
Medicine Mound (singular) is named for four nearby cone-shaped dolomite hills called "Medicine Mounds" (plural), which rise some 350 feet above the surrounding plains. They were named by the Comanche Indians, who maintained that the mounds are the dwelling place of powerful, benevolent spirits, which can cure ills, assure successful hunts, and protect in battle. In an annual ritual the Comanche came to Medicine Mound with cedar incense taken from nearby Cedar Mound. The mounds are on private property but can be observed some five miles in the distance by vehicle.
Climate.
According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Medicine Mound has a semi-arid climate, abbreviated "BSk" on climate maps.

</doc>
<doc id="19486387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486387" title="Jordan's totient function">
Jordan's totient function

Let "k" be a positive integer. In number theory, Jordan's totient function formula_1 of a positive integer "n" is the number of "k"-tuples of positive integers all less than or equal to "n" that form a coprime ("k" + 1)-tuple together with "n". This is a generalisation of Euler's totient function, which is "J"1. The function is named after Camille Jordan.
Definition.
Jordan's totient function is multiplicative and may be evaluated as
Properties.
which may be written in the language of Dirichlet convolutions as
and via Möbius inversion as
Since the Dirichlet generating function of μ is 1/ζ(s) and the
Dirichlet generating function of nk is ζ(s-k), the series for
Jk becomes
and by inspection of the definition (recognizing that each factor in the product
over the primes is a cyclotomic polynomial of p-k), the arithmetic functions
defined by formula_9 or formula_10
can also be shown to be integer-valued multiplicative functions.
Order of matrix groups.
The general linear group of matrices of order "m" over Z"n" has order
The special linear group of matrices of order "m" over "Z""n" has order
The symplectic group of matrices of order "m" over "Z""n" has order
The first two formulas were discovered by Jordan.
Examples.
Explicit lists in the OEIS are
J2 in ,
J3 in ,
J4 in ,
J5 in ,
J6 up to J10 in 
up to .
Multiplicative functions defined by ratios are
J2(n)/J1(n) in ,
J3(n)/J1(n) in ,
J4(n)/J1(n) in ,
J5(n)/J1(n) in ,
J6(n)/J1(n) in ,
J7(n)/J1(n) in ,
J8(n)/J1(n) in ,
J9(n)/J1(n) in ,
J10(n)/J1(n) in ,
J11(n)/J1(n) in .
Examples of the ratios J2k(n)/Jk(n) are
J4(n)/J2(n) in ,
J6(n)/J3(n) in ,
and
J8(n)/J4(n) in .

</doc>
<doc id="19486397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486397" title="Wallace Gilberry">
Wallace Gilberry

Wallace Gilberry (born December 5, 1984) is an American football defensive end for the Cincinnati Bengals of the National Football League. He was signed by the New York Giants as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Alabama.
Gilberry has played for the Kansas City Chiefs, and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
Early years.
Gilberry played his prep football at Baldwin County High School. In his junior season, Gilberry played primarily tight end where he started the last seven games. As a senior at defensive end, he made 61 solo tackles, 16 assists, seven sacks, seven tackles for losses, and deflected six passes. He also caused two fumbles, recovering both.
College career.
Gilberry attended the University of Alabama, where he was redshirted in 2003. He played in 2004-2007 playing in 50 games. He became a starter during his sophomore year.
He finished his career at Alabama with 188 tackles, 60.5 tackles for loss for -223 yards, 21.5 sacks for -135 yards, 5 caused fumbles, 3 fumble recoveries and 38 quarterback hurries.
He was a first team selection to the All-SEC Coaches’ Football Team in 2007.
While at the University of Alabama, Gilberry was initiated into the Omega Psi Phi Fraternity's Beta Eta Chapter in the Fall of 2004.
Professional career.
New York Giants.
Gilberry was signed by the New York Giants as an undrafted free agent in 2008, but was released before the regular season began.
Kansas City Chiefs.
Gilberry was signed to the Chiefs in August 2008. He made his NFL debut against the San Diego Chargers on November 9, recording one tackle.
In 2009, he had 20 tackles, two assists, and 4.5 sacks.
In 2010 Gilberry had 3 sacks in one game against the St. Louis Rams. In 2011, Gilberry forced a fumble on Tom Brady after coming from behind and tackling him. The Chiefs recovered, but the recovery barely helped the Chiefs. After the 2011 NFL season, Gilberry was not offered a contract.
Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
Gilberry signed with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers on June 4, 2012, he was released on September 14.
Cincinnati Bengals.
Gilberry signed with the Cincinnati Bengals on September 18, 2012. On December 13, 2012, Gilberry recovered a fumble and ran into the endzone for his first career touchdown against the Philadelphia Eagles.
In 2012 he played in 14 games and accumulated a total of 24 tackles 15 solo and 9 assisted, 6.5 sacks a forced fumble and 3 fumble returns.
On March 12, 2013, he re-signed with the Bengals on a three-year, $6.75 million deal.
So far as of week 4 of the 2013 season he has accumulated a total of 4 tackles 3 solo and 1 assisted and 0.5 sacks.

</doc>
<doc id="19486431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486431" title="The Man with the Four Way Hips">
The Man with the Four Way Hips

"The Man With The Four Way Hips" is a single by Tom Tom Club, on their second album Close To The Bone, released in 1982. It was released as a single in the US, UK, and Japan in 1983.
Track listing.
The Man With The Four Way Hips (Dub Version)

</doc>
<doc id="19486433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486433" title="Karen Jønsson">
Karen Jønsson

She also composed several filmscores, as well as a jazz rhapsody which was well received in Britain, all in between touring with her music and appearances on screen. 
She died of pneumonia (at that time still a serious disease before the emergence of penicillin) at the age of 33.

</doc>
<doc id="19486457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486457" title="Routan">
Routan

Routan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19486468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486468" title="Christine O'Donnell">
Christine O'Donnell

Christine Therese O'Donnell (born August 27, 1969) is a former Republican Party candidate, and conservative activist in the Tea Party movement best known for her 2010 campaign for the United States Senate seat from Delaware vacated by Vice President Joe Biden.
O'Donnell was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and began her career as a public relations and marketing consultant in the early 1990s. Since attending Fairleigh Dickinson University, O'Donnell was active in Republican organizations and campaigns. She also worked for such organizations as Enough is Enough and Concerned Women for America. Later, O'Donnell established her own consulting firm.
With strong financial support from the Tea Party movement, she defeated nine-term U.S. Representative and former governor Michael Castle in Delaware's September 2010 Republican primary for the U.S. Senate. In doing so, O'Donnell caused an uproar among the political establishment. She lost in the general election to Democrat Chris Coons by a margin of 57% to 40%.
O'Donnell's 2010 Senate run was her third try for the office in five years. In the Senatorial election of 2008, she was the Republican nominee, losing to the incumbent, Joe Biden, by 65% to 35%. In 2006, she ran in the Republican primary for Senate, finishing third, then ran as a write-in in the general election, drawing four percent of the vote.
After 2010, O'Donnell provided commentary on the Fox News Channel and CNN.
Early life and education.
O'Donnell was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and raised in Moorestown Township, New Jersey. She is the fifth of the six children of Carole (Chillano) and Daniel O'Donnell. Her mother is of Italian descent and her father is of Irish descent. O'Donnell has said that at times, her father had to work three jobs to make ends meet. He worked part-time in community theater and on local television, and did a brief stint as Bozo the Clown in the 1960s.
O'Donnell graduated from Moorestown High School in 1987, where she was a member of the drama club and a student announcer. She attended Fairleigh Dickinson University (FDU) beginning in 1987, initially majoring in theater, but later changing to English literature with a concentration in communications. O'Donnell later told "The New York Times" she had had three senior years of college.
Career.
O'Donnell first became involved in politics in 1991 when she worked the polls for the College Republicans. She was a youth leader for the Bush-Quayle campaign and attended the 1992 Republican National Convention. While there she began making media contacts, meeting daily with a CNN producer and giving television interviews that offered a college student's perspective on the convention. The following year O'Donnell worked for three months in Washington, D.C. for the anti-pornography organization Enough is Enough. She then spent two years working in the communications office of the Republican National Committee (RNC) in Washington D.C. Disappointed that the Republican Party had shifted its emphasis away from pro-life issues after the 1994 election, she quit the RNC and worked briefly for the Christian Coalition as a media consultant with its President Roberta Combs. O'Donnell then became the Press Secretary for conservative Christian group, Concerned Women for America.--> Christine O'Donnell appeared regularly on C-SPAN including as Concerned Women for America's Press Secretary in 1995.-->
In 1996 O'Donnell attended the Republican National Convention in San Diego, moved to Los Angeles, and founded her own advocacy organization, The Savior's Alliance for Lifting the Truth (SALT), serving as its president. SALT lobbied the U.S. Congress on moral issues and promoted Christian values, including sexual abstinence before marriage, to the college-age generation. In the 1990s, O'Donnell took a public stance against masturbation, calling it "sinful" and equating it with adultery. Some commentators have noted her comments are consistent with official Roman Catholic doctrine, which condemns masturbation and other forms of non-procreative sex. O'Donnell appeared on Fox News, MSNBC and C-Span as a representative of SALT. She also appeared on MTV's "Sex In The 90s", advocating sexual "purity". and was a regular guest panelist on Bill Maher's ABC show "Politically Incorrect", appearing in 22 episodes. In a 1996 discussion on CNN, O'Donnell advocated the teaching of creationism in public schools and criticized Darwin's theory of evolution on the ground that it is "merely a theory" or "a myth". She asserted that "there is just as much, if not more, evidence supporting ." In the late 1990s O'Donnell moved back to Washington, D.C., where she continued her advocacy work. In 1998 she published an article in "Cultural Dissident" entitled, "The Case for Chastity". In 2003 she wrote an article, "The Women of Middle Earth," for the "Catholic Exchange".
In February 2003 O'Donnell moved to Delaware to work for the Intercollegiate Studies Institute (ISI), a non-profit conservative publisher of educational materials and bought a house in Wilmington. In 2004, she filed a complaint against ISI with the EEOC saying that she had been demoted due to gender discrimination. Later, on February 26, 2004, she was fired, and in 2005 she sued ISI in federal court for $6.9 million for wrongful termination, claiming gender discrimination and that her firing was retaliation for talking to the EEOC. She said ISI's actions caused her mental anguish and were a consequence of "ISI's conservative beliefs". She also claimed that she had lost future financial earning power because ISI's actions had offered a flexible work schedule to allow time for a Master's program while recruiting her to Delaware at half the salary she expected in Washington, D.C., then redefined her employment after she had moved and bought a house. ISI defended its action by alleging that O'Donnell had used company resources for her own media consulting work while on their time for Mel Gibson's movie "The Passion of the Christ", which O'Donnell contends was agreed to before she was hired, and that ISI cited this reason only months later after the firing as a pretext. O'Donnell dropped the suit in 2008, stating she could no longer afford an attorney.
After leaving ISI, O'Donnell started her own media consulting and marketing company, and worked for both commercial clients and non-profit organizations and other clients. She founded the Catholic Advocacy Network and again began making media appearances. In 2006 she was approached by supporters of the pro-life movement who asked her if she wanted to run against Delaware Senator Tom Carper and ultimately ran three times for a U.S. Senate seat, in 2006, 2008 and 2010. In-between the 2006 and 2008 elections, she did pro bono advocacy work opposing the disconnection of a feeding tube for a young woman who was in a persistent vegetative state.
Political campaigns.
2006.
O'Donnell ran in the Republican primary for the 2006 U.S. Senate election in Delaware.
In a 2006 interview for a campaign profile, O'Donnell told "The News Journal" that homosexuals have a psychological defect and that "Homosexuality is an identity adopted through societal factors." During a primary debate against her Republican opponents, O'Donnell said that China could not be a friend of the U.S. because among other things, it forced women to have abortions and prohibited the reading of the Bible. She also said China was plotting to take over the United States, and that she had classified information which supported her claim. She finished in third place, with 17 percent of the vote, behind winner Jan C. Ting and second-place finisher Michael D. Protack. She then ran in the general election against Ting and incumbent Senator Tom Carper as a write-in candidate, finishing with 11,127 votes, (4 percent of the total votes cast), a number that was considered remarkably large for a write-in and which gave her hope for the 2008 election.
2008.
O'Donnell became the nominee of the Republican Party for the United States Senate in 2008 after defeating businessman Tim Smith at the May 3, 2008 state party convention with more than 60 percent of the GOP delegate vote. O'Donnell ran on a fiscal conservative platform in 2008, as documented by her 2008 U.S. Senate campaign platform, opposing tax increases, improving oversight over foreign aid, repeal of taxes on Social Security benefits for senior citizens, energy independence to reduce gasoline prices, use of Delaware's agricultural resources as alternative energy to supplement America's gasoline supplies, reducing funding swings in public schools, greater border security and enforcement of America's immigration laws.
O'Donnell's candidacy was endorsed by Mississippi Governor Haley Barbour, former astronaut Buzz Aldrin, former Delaware Governor Pierre DuPont, and conservative writer and policy advocate David Horowitz. Her general election opponent was the incumbent Senator Joe Biden, who was also running for Vice President on the Obama-Biden ticket. O'Donnell questioned Biden's dual campaigns, claiming that serving his constituents was not important to him and criticizing his unwillingness to participate in debates and candidate forums. Opinion polling during the race showed that O'Donnell trailed Biden by a two-to-one margin. In the general election on November 4, 2008, Biden defeated O'Donnell by 65 percent to 35 percent.
Her 2008 campaign ended $19,656.29 in debt, as reflected on the year-end campaign finance report filed by the campaign's Treasurer Timothy Kock on January 29, 2009.
2010.
Following the 2008 election, Joe Biden resigned his Senate seat to become Vice President, and the Governor of Delaware appointed Biden's chief of staff, Ted Kaufman, to serve out the first two years of Biden's six year Senate term. A special election would be held coincident with the 2010 general elections to choose who would fill the Senate seat for the remaining four years. O'Donnell quickly announced that she would be running in that election on her campaign website in December 2008, and began fund-raising appeals in February 2009. O'Donnell filed a Statement of Candidacy for the 2010 U.S. Senate race with the FEC on March 20, 2009, a document that is due 15 days after a candidate raises or spends $5,000.
O'Donnell said that her biggest mistake in her earlier campaigns was not having enough funds. In October 2009, she reiterated that she was running despite the entrance into the race of Republican Congressman and former Governor Mike Castle. In January 2010, Beau Biden, Joe Biden's son, indicated he would not run, and Castle became the favorite to take the seat.
Primary election.
On March 10, 2010, O'Donnell officially announced her candidacy before a small group of supporters at University of Delaware's Wilmington campus. In her remarks, O'Donnell criticized reckless government spending, said that Castle was the most liberal Republican in the House, and predicted that the Tea Party movement and grassroots anti-incumbent trends would be in her favor.
When a report from "The News Journal" in March 2010 detailed her personal fiscal difficulties, O'Donnell attributed the problems to misunderstandings and errors. She also said, "I think the fact that I have struggled financially is what makes me so sympathetic." Her financial problems became a focal point of establishment Republican attacks. The chair of the state Republican Party, Tom Ross, said, "She’s a candidate who runs for office that unfortunately lives off the proceeds." Several commentators said the attacks showed elements of sexism. The Delaware Republican Party sponsored last minute robocalls from former O'Donnell staff members charging that O'Donnell was "no conservative" and was financially irresponsible. O'Donnell responded by saying the attacks on her finances were an insult to Delaware voters.
In the final weeks before the primary, O'Donnell became firmly allied with the Tea Party movement which provided last minute funding to her campaign amounting to more than $250,000, according to Fox News, with the Tea Party Express saying it might spend as much as $600,000 backing O'Donnell.
Castle ignored O'Donnell's candidacy and refused to debate her, calling her dishonest. In early September a political consulting firm hired by O'Donnell released a Web video insinuating that Castle was having a homosexual affair. O'Donnell attempted to distance herself from the claim, stating that the consulting firm was no longer working for her campaign. She then appeared on Mark Levin's radio show, accusing Castle of engaging in "unmanly tactics" during the campaign and saying, "this is not a bake-off, put your man-pants on."
National attention brought additional scrutiny of her record, and repeated questions about the accuracy of her statements from national and local political leaders and news media including Karl Rove, the state’s largest newspaper, "The News Journal", and local conservative radio host and former supporter Dan Gaffney of WGMD radio. O'Donnell's responses consisted of correcting the information, brushing it aside, or downplaying the discrepancies.
O'Donnell won the September 14, 2010, primary election by six percentage points over Castle, garnering more than 30,000 votes altogether, and becoming the eighth Tea Party-backed candidate to oust a GOP establishment candidate in a 2010 primary contest. According to the "New York Times", her support largely came from the southern part of the state where Republican voters are socially conservative and against gun control.
Endorsements.
By July 2010, she had received endorsements from the Tea Party Express, which called her a “strong voice for conservative constitutionalist principles”. She was also endorsed by the pro-life Susan B. Anthony List and the Family Research Council. In the final days before the primary, she received endorsements from the National Rifle Association, U.S. Senator Jim DeMint, Sarah Palin, and conservative commentators Rush Limbaugh, Sean Hannity, and Mark Levin.
General election.
Following her primary victory, O'Donnell urged voters to keep an open mind about the unflattering picture that was being painted of her, and suggested that media reports are not always accurate. She delivered a speech to the Values Voter Summit in Washington, D.C., on September 17, 2010, saying that anti-American elites were trying to marginalize mainstream, core conservatives.
O'Donnell's educational record came under media scrutiny during her 2010 general election campaign. Despite her 2006 campaign website describing her as a “graduate of Fairleigh Dickinson University,” she had not been officially awarded her bachelors degree in English until September 2010 – 17 years after leaving the school and two weeks before her 2010 Republican primary. O'Donnell's campaign originally credited the delay to financial issues (alleging that her diploma was withheld until she paid off student loans) though later reported that she had finished a final degree requirement (per campaign manager Matt Moran, "just a general elective course") during the summer of 2010.
Some controversy involved a 2005 lawsuit in which O'Donnell claimed her employer broke its promise to give her time to pursue a master's degree at Princeton, forcing her to drop out of attending non-degree courses there. Journalists confirmed that O'Donnell took non-degree courses at Princeton, as she had claimed. Other criticisms involved profiles on LinkedIn and MySpace claiming she had studied at Oxford University in England (a spokesperson for O'Donnel has confirmed it was a reference to a certificate she obtained from a course at Oxford overseen by the Phoenix Institute and denies it was presented as, "as a course run by Oxford University") and at the Claremont University in Southern California. --> O'Donnell's attendance at the Claremont Institute was confirmed, but critics confused this with the Claremont Graduate University. The MySpace page was presented as dating from 2008, but actually listed her age at 41 years old, thereby dating it from August 2010. O'Donnell responded "I never established a LinkedIn profile or authorized anyone to do so on my behalf.” 
On September 17, 2010, comedian Bill Maher aired a clip of O'Donnell from the October 29, 1999 episode of his old show "Politically Incorrect" on his current show "Real Time with Bill Maher", in which O'Donnell said, "I dabbled into witchcraft – I never joined a coven...I hung around people who were doing these things... We went to a movie and then had a little midnight picnic on a satanic altar. And I didn't know it." Her admission received widespread media coverage, and O'Donnell explained that she had been referring to high school experiences. O'Donnell followed up with a TV campaign ad for the general election which featured her declaring she was "not a witch". This ad inspired many video parodies and O'Donnell later said that the ad backfired and focused attention on her decade-old statement.
After winning the primary, O'Donnell began employing staffers from various states, including Michigan, New York, Pennsylvania, Texas and Virginia, and hired a Virginia public affairs firm, Shirley & Banister, that has served major conservative clients. In early October, it was noted that O’Donnell's campaign had raised more money from outside Delaware than within the state, leading to questions of whether out-of-state contributors will have more influence over the general election than Delaware residents. By September 30, O'Donnell's general election campaign had received nearly $4 million in contributions from all over the country. Those contributions continued despite an October 28 Fairleigh Dickinson University PublicMind poll that showed O'Donnell trailing Democrat Chris Coons 36% to 57%.
During a debate between O'Donnell and her opponent Chris Coons on October 13, 2010 at the Widener University School of Law in Wilmington, O'Donnell brought up her opposition to activist judges and stated her objection to a recent court decision to ban the military from discharging homosexual service members who reveal their sexual orientation. She was asked the follow-on question, "What opinions, of late, that have come from our High Court, do you most object to?" O'Donnell did not have any objection to recent decisions. Coons, when asked the same question, said he disagreed with the Supreme Court's recent decision in "Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission", which cited the First Amendment to the Constitution to strike down restrictions on corporate funding of independent political broadcasts just prior to candidate elections.
In that same October 13 debate, O'Donnell challenged Coons on the topic of the separation of church and state, asking, "Where in the Constitution is separation of church and state?" After laughter from the audience, Coons responded, "The First Amendment establishes the separation and the fact that the federal government shall not establish any religion, and decisional law by the Supreme Court over many, many decades clarifies and enshrines that there is a separation of church and state that our courts and laws must respect." O'Donnell replied, "Let me just clarify. You're telling me that separation of church and state is found in the First Amendment?" To which Coons said, "Government shall make no establishment of religion." O'Donnell asked, "That's in the First Amendment?" 
In a later interview, O'Donnell said that she and her team "were high-fiving each other" after the debate, "thinking that we had exposed Coons doesn't know the First Amendment. And then we read the reports that said the opposite, we were all like 'what?'" She stated, "Well, I think it says exactly what it says: that the government will not create -- will not dictate -- that every American has to believe a certain way, but it won't do anything to prevent the free exercise thereof." 
During the debate O'Donnell criticized Coons for agreeing with the United States Supreme Court that teaching creationism in the public schools violates the Constitution. She also stated that Coons' belief that the theory of evolution should be taught in public schools was an example of how he believes in big government mandates and "imposing...beliefs on the local schools". O'Donnell was asked whether she supported the repeal of the Fourteenth, Sixteenth, and Seventeenth Amendments to the U.S. Constitution. She knew that the Seventeenth Amendment concerned the direct election of Senators by popular vote and said she would not repeal it, but could not recall the other two.
In the week prior to the general election, the talk radio station WDEL reported that O'Donnell and her campaign manager had threatened to sue if it released a video of an interview she gave at the station. The campaign manager, Matt Moran, was alleged to have threatened to "crush WDEL" with a lawsuit. The O'Donnell campaign subsequently apologized, saying that the incident had been the result of a misunderstanding.
Polls and final result.
A July 2010 hypothetical match-up poll by Rasmussen showed O'Donnell running ahead of Chris Coons by a margin of 2 points (41 to 39 percent), while a similar poll in August had her trailing Coons by ten points (46 to 36 percent).
A post primary poll by Fox News on September 21, 2010 found O'Donnell trailing Coons by 15 points (54 to 39 percent) with 5 percent of voters undecided. A poll taken September 26, 2010 by Rasmussen Reports showed support for Coons at 49 percent; O'Donnell was at 40 percent. The Real Clear Politics average, calculated from polls taken between September 11 and October 3, showed Coons with 53 percent of the vote, O'Donnell with 37 percent. A Fairleigh Dickinson University poll released October 6 showed Coons ahead among likely voters by 17 percentage points, 53%-36%, and a CNN/Time poll released on October 13 immediately before the candidates' first debate had O'Donnell trailing Coons by 19 percent among likely voters; with 57 percent saying they would be voting for Coons and 38 percent for O'Donnell. Results from a post debate poll taken October 14 by Rasmussen showed Coons holding on to an 11 percent lead. A Monmouth University poll taken between October 25 and 27, 2010 indicated Coons had the support of 51% of likely voters to 41% for O’Donnell, while a second poll from Fairleigh Dickinson University showed her shoring up support from conservative voters, but nonetheless trailing significantly.
On November 2, 2010, O'Donnell lost the general election to Coons by a margin of 57% to 40%.
Political positions.
On September 16, 2010, O'Donnell said she does not believe in regulating private sexual behavior, and if elected, she will base her political actions on the Constitution, rather than her personal beliefs. She specifically disavowed her 1996 anti-masturbation stance, saying "I was a pundit. I was very passionate in my 20s and wanted to share my beliefs."
O'Donnell has identified herself as a member of the "values movement", and is pro-life. She opposes abortion, including in cases of rape and incest, but if the woman was otherwise going to die, she would allow family members to decide which life to save. O'Donnell opposes human embryonic stem cell research, human cloning, and research into cloning monkey embryos. In 2007 on the O'Reilly Factor, O'Donnell expressed her moral concerns about stem cell research, and said, "American scientific companies are cross-breeding humans and animals and coming up with mice with fully functioning human brains. So they’re already into this experiment.” 
O'Donnell says that she will never vote to increase taxes. She is in favor of a balanced budget amendment, opposes Congressional earmarks, and supports a simplification of the tax code.
O'Donnell has said that Democrats have prevented the U.S. from attaining energy independence by curtailing the drilling of oil in the Gulf of Mexico. She supports the building of more refineries, and the use of Delaware's agricultural products in gasoline. She opposes cap and trade legislation.
O'Donnell says the first thing she would like to do if elected is to vote to repeal health care legislation enacted by Congress in 2010. She signed the Tea Party activists' "Contract from America," which pledges to replace the act with a health insurance system that is "competitive, open, and transparent free-market".
O'Donnell favors increasing penalties for employers who hire illegal immigrants.
She supports raising the age for receiving Social Security benefits.
In reply to a 2010 question as to whether she would support Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky's continuing as the Republican leader of the Senate, O’Donnell shrugged, and said “I wouldn’t not support him.”
ChristinePAC.
In December 2010, O'Donnell announced the formation of a Political Action Committee (PAC) called “ChristinePAC” to address health care and tax issues. Paperwork for the PAC was filed with the Federal Election Commission in January 2011. The filing indicated that the funds of the PAC will not be used to fund candidates for federal office. In a letter to supporters on February 8, 2011, O'Donnell stated that her PAC would allow her "to counter attack left-wing groups, fight the liberal media and support conservative candidates against the liberal-controlled GOP establishment".
Personal life.
Originally a political liberal who believed in abortion rights, O'Donnell has said she experienced an epiphany at age 21 when she saw graphic descriptions and pictures in medical journals of how an abortion is performed. "'There's only truth and not truth,' O'Donnell said she realized at that moment. 'You're either very good or evil.'" She dropped her acting aspirations, began thinking about moral issues, and became an evangelical Christian, due to the appeal of the moral certainty she felt the movement offered. She chose to live a chaste life, began espousing sexual abstinence, and joined the College Republicans.
She is single but has said she is interested in marrying and having children.
Financial issues.
In October 2007 O'Donnell stopped paying the mortgage of her Wilmington house and the mortgage company obtained a judgment against her in the spring of 2008 for $90,000. The house was to be sold at a sheriff's auction in August 2008 when she sold it the month prior to her Senate campaign attorney who was also her boyfriend at the time.
The Internal Revenue Service (IRS) filed a lien in 2010, on the house that O'Donnell had not owned for two years, claiming that O'Donnell owed $11,000 in back taxes and penalties as a result of an audit. O’Donnell posted documents on her website showing that the lien was a mistake, as the audit was not yet complete and there was not yet any final determination of whether she owed any further taxes or not, and noted that the IRS agent handling the matter claimed he was perplexed by the agency's actions. In campaign finance reports, she listed herself as self-employed.
After the September 14, 2010 primary, Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington (CREW) alleged that O'Donnell made false statements on Federal Elections Commission filings and illegally used more than $20,000 of her campaign funds as "her very own personal piggy bank" by claiming campaign expenses during a time when she was not a candidate in 2009. CREW filed a complaint on September 20, 2010 with the FEC and asked the U.S. Attorney in Delaware to investigate these allegations. O'Donnell responded to the accusations, telling reporters there was "no truth to it. I personally have not misused the campaign funds" and refused to answer specific questions about her finances when asked by CNN. In December 2010, the AP reported that federal authorities had opened a criminal investigation into CREW's complaint. On July 15, 2011 the Federal US Attorney's Office announced it had closed the criminal investigation of Christine O'Donnell's campaign finances and has referred the case to the FEC for administrative enforcement. Another FEC complaint filed against the O'Donnell campaign by CREW for improper coordination of events and expenses between O'Donnell's 2010 Primary campaign and the Tea Party Express in California was subsequently dismissed by the FEC when the FEC Commissioner's vote was tied 3-3 on whether to proceed with the case, even through the FEC's own lawyers believed that there was sufficient evidence for the FEC to proceed to investigate these allegations against the O'Donnell campaign and the Tea Party Express.
O'Donnell's year-end campaign financial report to the Federal Election Commission reported that her campaign returned $56,124 of campaign donations between October 2010 and December 2010, and had still retained $654,336.
Religious views.
Raised as Catholic, O'Donnell's interest in her family religion waned during her teenage years, while she considered various beliefs and searched for spiritual truth.
In college, O'Donnell became a born-again Christian and has been described as a former Catholic turned evangelical Christian. In 2010, O'Donnell stated that she was open to attending both Catholic and Protestant services. In an interview on September 4, 2011 for "Florida Daily NewsMakers with Jeff Lytle", she stated that she was a devout and practicing Catholic.
In a 2009 interview she stated: "We took the Bible and prayer out of public schools. Now we're having weekly shootings. We had the '60s sexual revolution, and now people are dying of AIDS." In 2011, on the subject of evolution, she said, "You know what, is a myth." ..."Why aren't monkeys still evolving into humans?" 
Publication.
St. Martin's Press in December 2010 signed O'Donnell to write a book about her 2010 Senate campaign and her frustrations with the political process, which was eventually published in August 2011 as "".

</doc>
<doc id="19486469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486469" title="Bob Books">
Bob Books

Bob Books, written by Bobby Lynn Maslen and illustrated by John R. Maslen, are a series of children’s books designed to teach reading skills acquisition. With a foundation in phonics methods, each level addresses a single stage in a child’s reading development. 
Sets in the series include: 
History.
Bobby Lynn Maslen and John Maslen created Bob Books, first published in 1976. 
Author Bobby Lynn Maslen was involved in cooperative preschool education for nine years and then became a teacher of 3-5 year-olds at a private school in Portland, Oregon. It was there that she created the Bob Books. 
Illustrator John Maslen is an award-winning watercolor painter and architect. He holds signature status in the National Watercolor Society and several other art organizations. He also received an American Institute of Architects Honor Award. 
The first Bob Books were individually hand-drawn for Bobby Lynn Maslen's students. When it became too cumbersome to make books for each child, she persuaded the school to print 300 copies. This eventually led to more sets, a cottage industry and self publishing. 
The Bob Books became a Children’s Book-of-the-Month Club selection and the series was adopted by home-schoolers and Montessori teachers. In 1993 USA Today ran a story about the Bob Books. “By that time we knew the potential was much more than we could handle ourselves.” Scholastic Inc. became their publisher in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="19486484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486484" title="Per Gundmann">
Per Gundmann

Per Gundmann (30 January 1906 – 6 October 1967) was a Danish stage and film actor.

</doc>
<doc id="19486498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486498" title="Arjunan Kadhali">
Arjunan Kadhali

Arjunan Kadhali (Eng:Arjunan's Lover) is an upcoming Tamil language film directed by Parthy Baskar, nephew of composer Ilayaraja who earlier directed "Bambara Kannaley". It stars Jai in the lead role with Poorna playing the lead female role. The film has been under production since 2008.
Production.
The film's launch was held in front of the Tiruparankunram Sri Subramaniaswamy temple near Madurai on September 25, 2008 with scenes for a song, "Kan Thiranthan Kandhan", also being shot near the temple. When Srikanth Deva was composing songs on the beaches of Pondicherry he was mobbed by fans and police came to his rescue.
In March 2009, the lead actor Jai ran into trouble for making controversial comments about the potential box office fare of his future films. The actor, who was filming for "Vaamanan", "Aval Peyar Thamizharasi", "Adhe Neram Adhe Idam" and "Arjunan Kadhali" at the time, revealed that only "Vaamanan" would do well and the rest would become financial failures. The producer of this film also revealed he wanted to take action against Jai for “making such irresponsible and damaging statements about his own films.” Initially, the council had asked him to complete his pending assignments before he could start work on Venkat Prabhu's "Goa", but, the producer of the film, Soundarya Rajinikanth, intervened and bailed Jai out of the ban.
The film progressed slowly and by December 2010, Jai revealed he had finished his portions for the film. The film has been delayed by Ayngaran International's financial problems.
Soundtrack.
Soundtrack is composed by Srikanth Deva who is the brother-in-law of this film's director Parthi bhaskar while his father Deva composed only one song "Kanthirandhan Kandhan" on the insistence of producer. Lyrics for songs were written by Vaali, Kabilan, Nadhasan and director Parthi Bhaskar himself. The audio was released on April 4, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19486506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486506" title="Wrestling at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 74 kg">
Wrestling at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 74 kg

The Men's Greco-Roman 74 kg at the 1976 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Maurice Richard Arena.
Tournament results.
The competition used a form of negative points tournament, with negative points given for any result short of a fall. Accumulation of 6 negative points eliminated the loser wrestler. When only three wrestlers remain, a special final round is used to determine the order of the medals.
Final.
Results from the preliminary round are carried forward into the final (shown in yellow).

</doc>
<doc id="19486509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486509" title="Javier Arenas (American football)">
Javier Arenas (American football)

Javier E. Arenas (born October 28, 1987) is an American football cornerback and return specialist for the Arizona Cardinals of the National Football League (NFL). Arenas played college football for the University of Alabama, earned consensus All-American honors, and was a member of a BCS National Championship team. He was drafted by the Kansas City Chiefs in the second round of the 2010 NFL Draft.
Early years.
Arenas was born in Tampa, Florida. He attended Robinson High School in Tampa, and played for the Robinson Knights high school football team.
College career.
Arenas attended the University of Alabama, where he played for coaches Mike Shula and Nick Saban from 2006 to 2009. On November 21, 2009, Javier broke Derek Abney's Southeastern Conference (SEC) record for career punt return touchdowns by returning his seventh punt return for a touchdown against the University of Tennessee-Chattanooga in Bryant-Denny Stadium. Following his senior season, he was a first-team All-SEC selection and was recognized as a consensus first-team All-American. The 2009 Crimson Tide completed an undefeated 14–0 season, beat the Florida Gators 32–13 to win the 2009 SEC Championship Game, and then defeated the Texas Longhorns 37–21 to win the 2010 BCS National Championship.
Arenas left Alabama with 1,752 punt return yards and 2,166 kickoff return yards, both school records, along with his career average of 14 yards per punt return.[http://crimsontider.com/allstats.htm]
Professional career.
Kansas City Chiefs.
Arenas was selected by the Kansas City Chiefs in the 2nd round, 50th overall of the 2010 NFL Draft. On July 28, 2010 Arenas signed a 4 year, $3.798 millon dollar contract with the Chiefs.
Arenas scored his first career offensive touchdown on October 23, 2011, against the Oakland Raiders. Arenas finshed the 2011 season with 2 interceptions, 33 tackles, and 1 sack. He also recovered a fumble in the Chiefs/Steelers game.
For the 2012 season, Arenas tallied 53 solo tackles and 1 forced fumble in 16 games played. He also logged 204 yards in kickoff returns and 297 yards in punt returns on special teams. 
Arizona Cardinals.
On May 1, 2013, Arenas was traded to the Arizona Cardinals in exchange for Anthony Sherman.
Personal.
He is the cousin of All-Star point guard Gilbert Arenas. Like Gilbert, his paternal grandfather is of Cuban descent. His brother, Armando Murillo, was a Golden Helmet winner at Robinson High School in Tampa, and started at defensive back for the University of Nebraska in 2007 and 2008. He currently plays for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League. 

</doc>
<doc id="19486520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486520" title="Honduras national under-17 football team">
Honduras national under-17 football team

The Honduras national U-17 football team represents Honduras in tournaments and friendly matches at the Under-17 level. They are coached by Emilio Umanzor, and have made three FIFA U-17 World Cup appearances.
2007 FIFA U-17 World Cup.
Group C.
The 2007 FIFA Under 17 World Cup was the debut tournament for the "mini H". In their first game against Spain, Christian Martínez and Roger Rojas managed to score two goals. Despite the team's effort they lost 4-2 and went on to face Argentina, which had surprisingly drawn against Syria. The "mini H" lost 4-1 with captain, Johnny Leveron, scoring the only and final goal of the tournament by means of a penalty kick. The final game, to complete their World Cup journey, was a defeat 2-0 at hands of Syria.
2009 FIFA U-17 World Cup.
Group A.
The Honduran youngsters finished in last place of Group A, losing close games to Argentina and Nigeria 0–1 each, and losing 1–3 to Germany. Anthony Lozano scored the lone goal.
Current players.
Head coach: José Alemán

</doc>
<doc id="19486524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486524" title="1901 Rosenska Pokalen">
1901 Rosenska Pokalen

Rosenska Pokalen 1901, part of the 1901 Swedish football season, was the third Rosenska Pokalen tournament played. Eight teams participated and seven matches were played, the first 11 August 1901 and the last 1 September 1901. No team was declared winners of the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="19486530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486530" title="André Frédérique">
André Frédérique

André Frédérique (27 February 1915, Nanterre - 17 May 1957) was a French poet. He was a son of a police officer. He became a member of the Parisienne bohème (befriending people like Jean Carmet). His works, often full of black humour (which did not save him from suicide caused by his feeling of a metaphysical hopelessness) are similar to Henri Michaux. 

</doc>
<doc id="19486532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486532" title="Adhe Neram Adhe Idam">
Adhe Neram Adhe Idam

Adhe Neram Adhe Idam () is a 2009 Indian Tamil-language romantic drama film written and directed by M. Prabhu, which stars Jai and Vijayalakshmi in lead roles. The film was released on 6 November 2009.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack features 5 songs composed by Premji Amaran.

</doc>
<doc id="19486537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486537" title="Aval Peyar Thamizharasi">
Aval Peyar Thamizharasi

Aval Peyar Thamizharasi (; ) is a 2010 Tamil language movie directed and written by Meera Kathiravan and starring Jai, Nandhagi, Dhiyana, S. Theodore Baskaran and Ganja Karuppu in lead roles.
Plot.
Siva Rao (Veera Santhanam), is a Thol Pavai puppeteer who along to with his family goes around villages performing the art for his survival. He is struggling to make both ends meet.
When they land up in Tirunelveli, a rich man Chelladurai (Theodre Baskaran) decides to support the family for his young grandson Jothi (Jai) loves the art and their family. Thamizharasi (newcomer Nandhagi), the grand daughter of Siva Rao is enrolled in a local school, who grows up and works hard to pass out in flying colours in her higher secondary.
Even as she gets admission in an engineering college in Pune, Jothi and Thamizharasi develop affinity for each other. Unable to leave her, Jothi rapes her which changes her life. As a result, Jothi is forced to leave the village by his grandfather,to live with his dad.Jothi returns after a couple of years to see Thamizharasi nowhere. The rest is all about how Jothi travels from pillar to post to reach out for Thamizharasi and repents for his acts that altered her life all together.
Reception.
The multifaceted Jai shows that he is in the process of grooming himself to become a well-rounded actor. Be it in expressing his warmth and love for Nandagi, his unrelenting anger that is also misguided or his penance and the quest that will probably culminate with his love of life, Jai shows us that he can bring in complex emotions on his face at the drop of a hat. Nandagi is a revelation and her physicality supports the character enormously
Vijay Antony’s background score gets full marks and the Otha Vaartha Sollu number is soulful. P.G. Muthaiah’s camera brings the Tirunelveli region to life and the movie’s feel is greatly enhanced, thanks to the brilliant cinematography.
Songs from the Soundtrack.
The soundtrack was composed by Vijay Antony, which features 9 short tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="19486540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486540" title="Yousry Saber Hussein El-Gamal">
Yousry Saber Hussein El-Gamal

Yousry Saber Hussein El-Gamal is a former Minister of Education for Egypt.
He was replaced on 3 January 2010 by Dr. Ahmed Zaki Badr.

</doc>
<doc id="19486545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486545" title="Alfonso de Iruarrizaga">
Alfonso de Iruarrizaga

Alfonso de Iruarrizaga (born 22 August 1957) is a Chilean sports shooter and Olympic medalist. He received a silver medal in "skeet shooting" at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul. Iruarrizaga was the only medalist for Chile at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="19486547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486547" title="Bist">
Bist

Bist or BIST may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19486592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486592" title="Get It (Stevie Wonder song)">
Get It (Stevie Wonder song)

"Get It" is a song recorded by American singer-songwriter Stevie Wonder with a guest vocal by American pop recording artist Michael Jackson. Taken from his 20th studio album "Characters", Jackson worked with Wonder eight years earlier for the song "I Can't Help It" for his "Off the Wall" album, which was written by Wonder and former Supremes member Susaye Greene, while Wonder worked with Jackson on his top-selling "Bad" album for the song, "Just Good Friends". Prior to "Get It", Jackson sung background vocals along with his brothers on Stevie's 1974 hit "You Haven't Done Nothin'", from his "Fulfillingness' First Finale" album and also did background vocal work on "All I Do" from the "Hotter than July" album. The single reached number four on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart, number eleven on the Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks chart, while reaching a peak of number 80 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100.

</doc>
<doc id="19486599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486599" title="Sabirkənd">
Sabirkənd

Sabirkənd may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19486611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486611" title="Cabane de Saleina">
Cabane de Saleina

The Cabane de Saleina (or Saleina hut) (French: "Cabane du Saleinaz") is a mountain hut in the Swiss Alps at 2,691 meters above sea level. It can be reached from the Val Ferret. The hut lies above the Saleina Glacier near the Aiguille d'Argentière in the Mont Blanc Massif.

</doc>
<doc id="19486629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486629" title="Silver Nugget">
Silver Nugget

The Silver Nugget is a casino located on Las Vegas Boulevard North in North Las Vegas, Nevada. The casino is held by Silver Nugget Gaming. The casino site covers and includes a arena.
The sports book is operated by Leroy's Race & Sports Book. The casino also offers a bowling center and Bingo.
The casino resumed boxing matches, an old tradition which had not been offered for many years in North Las Vegas. The first fight card was on September 30, 2008 with plans to continue offering matches featuring regional fighters.
History.
The casino was purchased by Silver Nugget Gaming in January 2007 for $23.8 million, a price that included the Opera House Casino.
In 2008, the casino sold of vacant land, which is in the North Las Vegas redevelopment zone, to the North Las Vegas. The resumption of boxing on September 30, 2008 came with television coverage from Henderson based Margate Entertainment, using their TVSBoxing.net service.
Silver Nugget Gaming.
Silver Nugget Gaming is a Paradise based gaming company. The company is privately held with Jeffrey Fine as the owner. Fine also own several Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf locations.

</doc>
<doc id="19486632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486632" title="Vaamanan">
Vaamanan

Vaamanan is a 2009 Tamil action thriller film written and directed by debutant I. Ahmed, who worked as an erstwhile assistant to Kadhir, and starring Jai and newcomer Priya Anand. Produced by P. Kabilan of Dream Valley Corporation, the film features Rahman, Lakshmi Rai, Urvashi, Sampath Raj and 'Thalaivaasal' Vijay in supporting roles, with film score and soundtrack by Yuvan Shankar Raja, while the camera was handled by Arvind Krishna. The film was released on 10 July 2009. The story of the film resembles the English movie "Following" (1998), and the climax resembles a Hollywood movie "Enemy of the State" (1998).
Plot.
Anand (Jai) is a young carefree boy from Salem who comes to Chennai to stay along with his friend Chandru (Santhanam) to pursue his dream to become an actor. Anand uses the help from his friend Chandru, a television journalist, and his newly found girlfriend, Divya (Priya Anand). Meanwhile, minister Viduthalai, who was touted to become the next chief minister, is killed by minister Anbu Chezhiyan (Sampath Raj), which accidentally gets recorded on tape of an Ad film director Vinoth. He befriends a famous actress Pooja (Lakshmi Rai). They both see the video and inform the joint commissioner Kailasam, who is also a hand-in-glove in the murder. Kailasam sends some goons to get the tape and Vinoth evades. After a long chase, they get him killed in a train, where Anand and Divya were travelling. Anand, having witnessed the murder places the tape into Divya's bag, which she misses in the train. Anand develops a friendship with her after this. In an urge to become an actor he always observes the character of people with the strange attitude and one such person is John Vijay. Anand joins him and John promises to make him an actor. He would take Anand to a stranger's home, break the house and do some stuffs as if they were thief. One such house was that of Pooja, where they go and get some information regarding her. On that eve, Anand befriends Pooja, when he saves her when she was laid in the pool of blood, after being attacked by the goons. She helps him in becoming an actor and asks some photos of his to get him a chance. When Anand goes to the Pooja's home, he finds her dead and Anand is put to blame (as he was the one present). Anand goes underground, finally mistaken by Divya and her mother. Atlast, it is known that John has merely used him and it was he (John) who committed this cold-blooded murder, as told by minister. Joint Commissioner Kailasam is after Anand and the tape and finally, Anand reminds of the tape accidentally put in to the handbag of Divya. The tape goes to the right hands, to that of Gopi (Pooja's media friend) who gets it and publicizes. In the end, all the baddies are killed and Anand has become a real life hero instead of acting hero.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack album of "Vaamanan", composed by director Ahmed's friend Yuvan Shankar Raja, was released on 9 April 2009 at Sathyam Cinemas in Chennai. The album features 5 songs with lyrics written by lyricist Na. Muthukumar. The romance songs "Aedho Saigirai" and "Oru Devathai" were amongst the year's most popular songs.
Production.
Development.
In May 2008, it was reported, that a film titled "Marainthirunthu Paarkum Marmam Enna", which is derived from a song from the 1968 Sivaji Ganesan-starrer "Thillana Mohanambal", will be launched soon with actor Jeeva in the lead role. The film was to be directed by newcomer Ahmed with music scored by Yuvan Shankar Raja and cinematography by Arvind Krishna. However, no more news regarding the film came out until it was announced that the same director will direct the film, which was then renamed to "Vaamanan" with actor "Jai" in the lead and again with the support of Yuvan Shankar Raja and Arvind Krishna as the music composer and cinematographer respectively.
Filming.
The film was launched on 10 September 2008 at Krishnaveni House, Chennai. The major parts of the film were shot in various places in India. The filming was first held in Chennai and later in Coimbatore, Saalakkudi and Hyderabad. Other important scenes and the songs were filmed in foreign countries also like in Thailand (Bangkok), United States (New Jersey), South Africa, Malaysia and Singapore.
As an interesting aspect, an RC Helicopter (Radio-controlled helicopter) is being used for filming, the first time ever in a South Indian Film. The film carries a special thanks in the title card to senior actor, Ajith Kumar, who assisted in helping fix a problem encountered with the helicopter.
Controversy.
In March 2009, the lead actor Jai ran into trouble for making controversial comments about the potential box office fare of his future films. The actor, who was filming for "Vaamanan", "Aval Peyar Thamizharasi", "Adhe Neram Adhe Idam" and "Arjunan Kadhali" at the time, revealed that only "Vaamanan" would do well and the rest would become financial failures. The producer of this film also revealed he wanted to take action against Jai for “making such irresponsible and damaging statements about his own films.” Initially, the council had asked him to complete his pending assignments before he could start work on Venkat Prabhu's "Goa", but, the producer of the film, Soundarya Rajinikanth, intervened and bailed Jai out of the ban.
Reviews.
Oneindia: "The first 30 minutes of the film looks very peppy and interesting and grips you to your seat, before slipping out into a run of the mill usual Kollywood style thriller". Hindu wrote: "Despite its share of improbabilities, if Vaamanan (U/A) manages to impact the viewer to a certain extent it is mainly because of the raciness in the last lap". Rediff wrote: "the script lets off at the intermission, and made it tauter, racier, and with at least a sprinkling of logic". Sify wrote: "What could have been an edge-of-the-seat crime thriller falls flat in the second half due to lack of a proper script and far too many compromises made by the director".

</doc>
<doc id="19486640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486640" title="Watertown Dam">
Watertown Dam

The Watertown Dam spans the Charles River upstream from the Watertown Bridge near Watertown Square in Watertown, Massachusetts. The dam is located where the Charles River tidal estuary historically ended (the tides no longer reach this point because of the downstream Charles River Dam). Watertown Dam is of earthen construction, a gravity dam. Its length is . Its capacity is . Normal storage is . It drains an area of .
The history of the dam traces back to 1632 when construction of a fish weir was authorized. The current dam, maintained by the Department of Conservation and Recreation, dates from 1900. It is part of the Upper Charles River Reservation.
Ecological impact.
The Watertown Dam is the second of numerous dams located along the length of the Charles River. The current earthen dam creates an obstacle for the river herring that run in the Spring, but herring have long been harvested at this site. The Pequossette (one of the tribes of the Massachusett people) inserted stakes into the river then interwove brushwood to create a weir that would trap the herring as the tide went out.
Today, a fish ladder provides access to upstream spawning habitat as part of a system of fish passages that provide access up to river mile 20. The high concentrations of Blueback herring and Alewife below the dam in the Spring make it a popular fishing spot for Herring Gulls, Great Black-backed Gull, Great Blue Heron, Night Heron and Cormorants.

</doc>
<doc id="19486656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486656" title="Bisten">
Bisten

Bisten may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19486670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486670" title="Northview High School (Brazil, Indiana)">
Northview High School (Brazil, Indiana)

Northview High School is a high school in Brazil, Indiana. The School has 1,194 students. Their mascot is the Knights and colors are Silver, Maroon and Black. They play in the Western Indiana Conference. The school's nickname is 'The Castle in the Cornfield' due to it being surrounded by cornfields, and the spires on the corners of the brick building that make it resemble a castle. The marching band is nationally recognized.

</doc>
<doc id="19486692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486692" title="Agageldi Mammetgeldiyev">
Agageldi Mammetgeldiyev

Agageldi Mammetgeldiyev is the Minister of Defence of Turkmenistan.

</doc>
<doc id="19486704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486704" title="Kitten (disambiguation)">
Kitten (disambiguation)

A kitten is a juvenile cat. Young animals of other species are also sometimes called kittens, for instance young rabbits, rats, or badgers.
Kitten or Kittens may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19486709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486709" title="Cabane de l'A Neuve">
Cabane de l'A Neuve

The Cabane de l'A Neuve (or L'A Neuve hut) is a mountain hut in the Swiss Alps at 2,735 metres above sea level open for visitors. It can be reached from the Val Ferret. The hut lies below the Grand Darray (3,514 m) on the south side in the Mont Blanc Massif. Other summits close to the hut are the Tour Noir (3,835 m), the Grande Lui (3,509 m) and the Mont Dolent (3,823 m). Inauguration was 4 September 1927.

</doc>
<doc id="19486717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486717" title="Extreme points of Wales">
Extreme points of Wales

This is a list of the extreme points and extreme elevations in Wales.
Centre point.
The centre point of Wales is dependent on whether only the mainland is used for calculation or outlying islands as well.
One centre point is calculated to be near Cwmystwyth, Devil's Bridge, Ceredigion (; )
Elevation extremes.
Many points are on, or near sea level, but due to high rainfall, there are no natural dry pieces of land below sea level - see rivers and lakes below.
Rivers and lakes.
The largest natural lake in Wales is Llyn Tegid (Bala Lake). Llangorse Lake is second largest.
This is a table of the longest rivers in Wales.
Rivers only partly in Wales are included in this table in "italics".

</doc>
<doc id="19486733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486733" title="College of Nanoscale Science and Engineering">
College of Nanoscale Science and Engineering

The College of Nanoscale Science and Engineering (CNSE) of the State University of New York is an Albany, New York, USA based global education, research, development and technology deployment resource for nanotechnology. Since its inception in 2004, CNSE has gained worldwide recognition as a leader and pioneer in nanotechnology education, innovation, and economic outreach and investment. 
CNSE’s Albany NanoTech Complex is a $20 billion, complex that includes industrial-scale cleanroom space as well as a collection of equipment perhaps unique in the world." The cleanroom space is Class 1-capable and houses a fully integrated, 300 mm and 450 mm wafer computer chip pilot prototyping and demonstration line. More than 3,100 scientists, researchers, engineers, students, and faculty work on site at CNSE’s Albany NanoTech Complex, from companies including IBM, Intel, GlobalFoundries, SEMATECH, Samsung, TSMC, Applied Materials, Tokyo Electron, ASML, and Lam Research. CNSE’s latest expansion, which includes NanoFab Xtension (NFX), headquarters for the world’s first Global 450mm Consortium (G450C), and the Zero Energy Nanotechnology (ZEN) building, a living laboratory for green energy technologies, will add more than 1,000 scientists, researchers, and engineers from CNSE and global corporations.
History.
The College of Nanoscale Science and Engineering was originally established as the School of Nanosciences and Nanoengineering at the University at Albany in 2001. It began as a combined vision of government, academia, and industry. The common goal was to propel New York to a leadership position in technology and economic development. Four key drivers constituted the strategy: select an overarching discipline (nanotechnology); invest in state-of-the-art infrastructure; focus on world-class, hands-on education and training incorporating the entire supply chain; and leverage public-private partnerships. CNSE was accredited as the College of Nanoscale Science and Engineering of the University at Albany in 2004, and in December of that year, awarded its first Ph.D. degrees in nanoscience. In July of 2013, SUNY's Board of Trustees approved a memorandum that will lead to the separation of CNSE from the University at Albany and includes the creation of a new degree-granting structure for the NanoCollege.
Academics.
CNSE offers degree programs leading to the Bachelor of Science (B.S.) degree in Nanoscale Engineering and Nanoscale Science, the Master of Science (M.S.) degree in either Nanoscale Science or Nanoscale Engineering, and the Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) degree in either Nanoscale Science or Nanoscale Engineering. CNSE also offers a combined Masters of Science and Masters of Business Administration (M.S.-MBA) degree, the "Nano+MBA," with the ability to earn the M.S. degree in either Nanoscale Science or Nanoscale Engineering, or enroll in the nanotechnology elective track while participating in UAlbany's Evening MBA program. Additionally, CNSE and SUNY Downstate Medical Center offer a joint M.D. and Ph.D. program. The program allows students to earn an M.D. in Medicine and a Ph.D. in Nanoscale Science or Engineering. In 2010, CNSE became the first college to launch a comprehensive baccalaureate program in Nanoscale Engineering and Nanoscale Science. Through the Spring 2013 semester, CNSE has 141 alumni.
Campus.
CNSE's Albany NanoTech Complex is located near Western Avenue off of Fuller Road in Albany, New York. NanoFab 200 (CESTM), an earlier part of the campus, was completed June 1997. This , $16.5 million facility includes of cleanroom space, plus CNSE metrology labs and office space for programs such as SUNY’s Atmospheric Sciences Research Center. NanoFab South (NFS), completed March 2004, is a , $50 million facility including of 300 mm wafer, class 1-capable cleanroom space. Completed December 2005, NanoFab North (NFN) is a , $175 million facility including of cleanroom space with Class 1-capable 300mm wafer production. In March 2009, another $150 million expansion project included NanoFab East (NFE), a office, laboratory, and classroom building, in addition to NanoFab Central (NFC), a separate building that houses of 300mm wafer, class 1-capable cleanroom space. The NanoFab North facility used to house a $65 million tool that used extreme ultraviolet light to produce the world's smallest integrated circuits, and was one of only two in the world, but was recently decommissioned. The newest addition to the CNSE campus consists of NanoFab Xtension (NFX), which hosts the Global 450mm Consortium as well as an additional of Class 1 capable cleanroom space, and the Zero Energy Nanotechnology (ZEN) building, a living laboratory for green energy technologies. The expansion will enable the addition of more than 1,000 scientists, researchers, and engineers from CNSE and global corporations.
CNSE’s Solar Energy Development Center (SEDC), located in Halfmoon, New York, further expands CNSE’s growing portfolio of clean energy research, development, and commercialization and creates new opportunities to retain and grow New York’s high-tech, green collar workforce. The CNSE Halfmoon facility features a state-of-the-art, 100 kilowatt prototyping and demonstration line for next-generation copper indium gallium selenide (CIGS) thin film solar cells, offering critical opportunities to demonstrate emerging concepts in CIGS manufacturing, such as evaluations of innovative materials and novel processes. CNSE's SEDC also supports the U.S. Photovoltaic Manufacturing Consortium, a more than $300 million public-private collaboration headquartered at CNSE.
The Smart Cities Technology Innovation Center (SCiTI), located in the landmark Kiernan Plaza in Albany, New York, will build on Governor Andrew Cuomo's innovative strategy for "smart cities" growth and livable communities after the Capital Region Economic Development Council (CREDC) awarded CNSE $4 million to support the purchase and fit-up of the site. The funding will be leveraged to generate an additional $26 million in private sector support through the attraction of high-tech companies and the creation and retention of 250 high-paying jobs in downtown Albany, creating a 21st-century hub for groundbreaking research, education, and workforce training for emerging smart cities technologies, including smart devices, sensors and computer chips, integrated systems, and operating software that collect and analyze data for monitoring highway conditions and improving traffic flow; protect vital infrastructure such as bridges, data centers, and utility installations; safeguard facilities, including wastewater treatment plants; and provide e-safety and security in educational settings. CNSE is initially partnering with Trinity Alliance of the Capital Region and Girls Inc. of the Greater Capital Region to develop and deliver joint nanotechnology education and workforce training programs, and with CHA, which plans to relocate its corporate headquarters and leadership team to the site.
The development of the Marcy Nanocenter site in Utica, NY is led by CNSE in partnership with Mohawk Valley EDGE to accelerate the attraction 450mm computer chip manufacturing to the Mohawk Valley. The development plan of the Marcy Nanocenter site includes up to 8.25 million square feet of facilities, with up to three 450mm computer chip fabs, each with a cleanroom of approximately 450,000 square feet, a total public and private investment of $10B to $15B for each phase of development, and the creation of approximately 5,000 direct jobs and approximately 15,000 indirect jobs.
The Computer Chip Commercialization Center, or QUAD-C, located in Utica, New York, and co-founded and managed by the College of Nanoscale Science and Engineering, is part of an inter-regional nanotechnology partnership between CNSE, SUNYIT, and Mohawk Valley Edge. According to the Madison County Courier, the high-tech project will result in "a $125 million technology complex that leverages the same multi-faceted commercial and academic partnership approach that has proven successful at CNSE." Plans call for a facility that includes of cleanroom space. QUAD-C is already home to a number of companies, including New York-based IT enterprise nfrastructure, and VALUTEK, a leading manufacturer of cleanroom supplies which moved from Phoenix, Arizona.
The Smart System Technology & Commercialization Center of Excellence (STC), located outside of Rochester in Canandaigua, New York, was created in 2010 through a merger of two of New York State's Centers of Excellence: Infotonics Technology Center (ITC) in Canandaigua and the Center of Excellence in Nanoelectronics and Nanotechnology at CNSE, and offers state-of-the-art capabilities for MEMS fabrication and packaging at its facility that includes of certified cleanroom space with 150mm and 200mm MEMS foundry services, complemented by a dedicated MEMS and optoelectronic packaging facility. The STC positions New York State as a global leader in smart system and smart device innovation and manufacturing and also positions CNSE as a vertically integrated "one-stop-shop" for smart systems' device development and process manufacturing, coupling CNSE's preeminence in nanoelectronics R&D with ITC's expertise in integrating computer chips with hundreds of mechanical devices.
The CNSE Photovoltaic Manufacturing and Technology Development Facility (CNSE MDF), to be located inside a former Kodak building in the Canal Ponds Business Park in Rochester, New York, is part of a $100 million initiative creating the solar industry’s first full-service collaborative space dedicated to advancing crystalline silicon, or c-Si technologies. Further leveraging the publicly led industry-university partnership model utilized at CNSE, the CNSE MDF will include a state-of-the-art, cleanroom and will provide a range of services and equipment, including complete manufacturing lines, access to individual tools, secure fab space for users’ proprietary tools, and pilot production services in an intellectual property (IP) secure environment. Over $19 million in cutting-edge tools and equipment that are critical to the U.S. Department of Energy’s (DOE) SunShot initiative and which were formerly utilized by SVTC, a Silicon Valley-based solar energy company, will be relocated to the CNSE MDF to constitute the foundation of the manufacturing development line. The CNSE MDF will also enable education and training to support the expansion of the highly skilled workforce required by the U.S. PV manufacturing industry and, in addition, will complement and expand the capabilities and expertise of the national U.S. Photovoltaic Manufacturing Consortium (PVMC), headquartered at CNSE as part of the DOE’s SunShot Initiative, while also supporting Governor Andrew Cuomo’s energy superhighway blueprint and the NY-SUN initiative.
The CNSE-AMRI Innovation and Commercialization Ecosystem (CAICE), located at the Buffalo Niagara Medical Campus in Buffalo, New York, will enable a state-of-the-art, shared-user facility for research, development, and testing for drug screening, pharmaceutical development, technology optimization, business attraction, workforce training, and bioinformatics. This $250 million initiative, with $200 million to be generated by private industry investment and $50 million being invested by New York State, $35 million of which will go toward new equipment and $15 million of which will go toward improving existing lab space, will support over 250 high-tech jobs on site.
The Buffalo High-Tech Manufacturing Innovation Hub at RiverBend will leverage $225 million in Empire State Development capital to attract and house top tier clean energy companies and enable advanced manufacturing at what will become a state-of-the art, multibillion-dollar high-tech campus. As part of the initial announcement by Governor Andrew M. Cuomo in November 2013, New York State will construct 275,000 square feet of facilities to be utilized by two California-based companies: Soraa, a manufacturer of the most efficient LED lighting on the market, will relocate its corporate R&D and manufacturing operations, invest $750 million, and create 375 jobs; and Silevo, a developer and manufacturer of silicon solar cells and modules, will invest $750 million and create at least 475 jobs at its sole North American production facility.
Constellations.
The traditional departmental structure at CNSE is tailored into constellation "think-tanks" that encourage and stimulate cross-disciplinary educational curricula and research programs. There are four such think-tanks. "Nanoscience" refers to the observation, identification, description, discovery, experimental investigation, and theoretical interpretation of nanoscale phenomena. "Nanoengineering" is the application of nanoscience principles to practical ends, such as the design, manufacture, and operation of efficient and functional structures, machines, processes, and systems on the atomic scale. "Nanobioscience" refers to the application of nanoscale scientific concepts and principles to the study of biological and biomedical structures and systems. "Nanoeconomics" is the formulation, study, and analysis of the economic and business principles underlying the development and deployment of nanoscale know-how, products, and systems.
Research.
CNSE is the site of "one of the world's most advanced cleanrooms for making prototypes of next-generation chips". Academic and corporate scientists are engaged in leading-edge research in fields including energy and power electronics, interconnect sciences, EUV lithography, and nanoelectronics. As the home of the Global 450 mm Consortium (G450C), CNSE is pioneering the 450mm wafer and equipment development program which is leveraging industry and government investments to demonstrate 450mm process capabilities. This first-of-its-kind collaboration consists of five leading international companies creating the next generation of computer chip technology.
Strategic technology and commercialization centers and programs.
CNSE is the home of numerous pioneering nanotechnology programs funded by a variety of public and private sources. CNSE is able to accelerate the commercialization of technologies by providing technology deployment, market development, economic outreach and business assistance under a variety of centers and programs.

</doc>
<doc id="19486734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486734" title="Prussian T 16.1">
Prussian T 16.1

The Prussian T 16.1 locomotives were built for the Prussian state railways as goods train tank locomotives about the time of the First World War. Six examples were also procured by the Imperial Railways in Alsace-Lorraine. 
History.
Including follow-on orders by the Deutsche Reichsbahn, a total of 1,242 locomotives were delivered between 1913 and 1924. They were later redesignated as DRG Class 94.5–17 by the DRG in their renumbering plan and were given the numbers 94 502–1380 and 94 1501–1740. Three of the T 16.1 engines belonging to the Imperial Railways in Alsace-Lorraine remained in Germany and were given numbers 94 1378–1380. In 1935, locomotive numbers 94 1381–1384 from the Saar Railway went into the Deutsche Reichsbahn. As part of the reparations required of Germany after the First World War, quite a few examples were given to the Polish State Railway, where they were designated the TKw 2. Some of these locomotives were given the Reichsbahn numbers 94 1385–1416 in the Second World War. After 1945 several former French and Belgian locomotives were left with the Deutsche Reichsbahn in East Germany as numbers 94 1801–1810. In addition, in 1950, another T 16.1 from the Halberstadt-Blankenburg Railway was acquired and numbered as 94 6776.
On the introduction of the new DB renumbering scheme in 1968 the Deutsche Bundesbahn locomotives were redesignated as Class 094; the DR renumbering scheme of 1970 saw the DR in East Germany reclassifying its engines as Class 94.1.
In addition to heavy shunting and line duties the locomotives were also employed on steep lines such as the "Friedbergbahn" (Suhl–Schleusingen), "Scheldetalbahn" (Dillenburg-Gönnern), "Rennsteigbahn" (Ilmenau–Schleusingen), the Erkrath–Hochdahl ramp and the "Murgtalbahn" (Rastatt–Freudenstadt). For such duties the steam engines were equipped with Riggenbach counter-pressure brakes. The great success of this class on inclines made it possible to do away with fiddly and time-consuming rack railway operations on many ramps.
In the Bundesbahn the last examples of this class were retired in 1974. In the Reichsbahn they were withdrawn even later. They were replaced in ramp duties by rebuilt diesel locomotives of Class 118.
A total of 43 representatives of Class 94.5–17 remained after the Second World War in Austria. The majority were handed over to the MÀV in Hungary or SŽD. The remaining 14 units were retained as ÖBB Class 694. The locomotives of this class were mainly used in heavy pusher service and retired by 1966 or sold to steel works as industrial locomotives.
Preserved locomotives.
Several locomotives of this class have been preserved, some of which are still working, including numbers 94 1292 and 94 1538 shown in the photographs.
In Austria the oldest preserved member of the class, 94 503, later renumbered to 694.503 is preserved at the ÖGEG's locomotive park at Ampflwang, but still awaiting restoration.

</doc>
<doc id="19486744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486744" title="St. Paul Street (MBTA Green Line &quot;B&quot; Branch station)">
St. Paul Street (MBTA Green Line &quot;B&quot; Branch station)

St. Paul Street is a surface stop on the MBTA Green Line "B" Branch located in Boston, Massachusetts. The station is located in the median of Commonwealth Avenue at St. Paul Street, surrounded by the Boston University campus. St. Paul Street consists of two narrow side platforms which serve the "B" Branch's two tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="19486763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486763" title="George Owen (footballer)">
George Owen (footballer)

George Alfred Owen (1865 – 29 January 1922) was a Welsh footballer who played as an inside forward for Newton Heath in the late 1880s. He also made four appearances for the Welsh national team.
Born in Chirk, Denbighshire, Owen began his career with his local team, Chirk, before joining Newton Heath in January 1889. At the time of his signing, he was one of three Owens at the club, the other two being brothers Jack and William Owen. Owen played for Newton Heath for 1½ seasons, during which time he made 19 competitive appearances and scored five goals. In June 1890, Owen was transferred to West Manchester, before moving back to Chirk the following season. Two years with Druids followed, before he returned to Chirk for the final time in 1895. He retired from professional football in 1896, at the age of 31.
Owen also made four appearances for the Welsh national team. He made his debut for Wales while still with Chirk on 10 March 1888 in a British Home Championship match against Scotland; Wales lost the match 5–1. His two Wales caps won as a Newton Heath player came in the 1889 British Home Championship, in which he played in Wales' last two games: a 0–0 draw with Scotland and a 3–1 win over Ireland. Owen had to wait a further three years for his final Wales appearance, a match in which he scored his only goals for his country: a hat-trick in a 4–3 loss to Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="19486766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486766" title="Jorge Guardiola">
Jorge Guardiola

Jorge Guardiola (born 1963) is a Spanish sports shooter and Olympic medalist. He received a bronze medal in "skeet shooting" at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul.

</doc>
<doc id="19486792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486792" title="ICICI Bank Canada">
ICICI Bank Canada

ICICI Bank Canada is a wholly owned subsidiary of ICICI Bank Limited, which has its headquarters in Mumbai, India.
ICICI Bank Limited is India's largest private sector bank as measured by asset base as of December 31, 2009 and the second largest bank in the country with consolidated total assets of about US $103 billion as of December 31, 2009. ICICI Bank Limited's subsidiaries include India's leading private sector insurance companies and among its largest securities brokerage firms, mutual funds and private equity firms. ICICI Bank Limited’s presence currently spans 19 countries.
Established in December 2003, ICICI Bank Canada is a full-service direct bank in Canada with an asset base of about C $5.8 billion as of December 31, 2009. It carries on business under Canada's Bank Act and operates under the supervision of the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions. It is a member of the Canadian Bankers Association, ("CBA") as well as the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation ("CDIC"). CDIC insures eligible Canadian dollar deposits at member institutions having tenures of up to five years (up to $100,000 per depositor).
History.
2003: In November, ICICI Bank Canada was incorporated as a Schedule II bank. In December, the Head Office and the Downtown Toronto (Ontario) Branch were opened.
2004: ICICI Bank Canada launched online banking platform that allows it to serve customers across the country.
2005: ICICI Bank Canada launched its Financial Advisor Services channel.
2008: ICICI Bank Canada relocated its head office to the Don Valley Business Park in Toronto after outgrowing its initial office space.
Awards.
2009:
ICICI Bank Canada was honoured the Canadian Helen Keller Centre Award.
Sriram H. Iyer, ICICI Bank Canada’s President and CEO, was named a 2008 recipient of Canada's Top 40 Under 40TM.

</doc>
<doc id="19486795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486795" title="Ning (surname)">
Ning (surname)

The Ning surname () is a family name of Chinese origin. It is sometimes written as Nang in Hakka dialect. Its literal meaning means "peace". This surname is known to be uncommon as it was not on the top 100 of most common surnames in 2006 and is most common in New Zealand with 18.69 frequency per million.
Chinese.
The origin of the surname Ning could be traced back to the earliest family in China. It is thought that Ning was originated from an old family in central China around two to three thousands years ago. Huangdi (The Yellow Emperor, born more than 4700 years ago), who was a great tribal chief at the time towards the end of primitive society in China, was honoured as the ancestor who had initiated Chinese civilization. He was also considered as the earliest ancestor of Ning’s family. It is said that one of the descendants of Huangdi, Zhou Wen Wang (the first emperor of Zhou Dynasty) founded the Zhou Dynasty (771-221 BC) in central China, and allotted the present territory of Hebei Province and Henan Province upon his son, Kang Su, where Kangsu established the State of Wei, a state of Dukedom under Zhou Dynasty. Upon the time when Wei Wu Gong (the offspring of Kang Su ) served as the king of Wei State, his young son, Ji Wei, was conferred upon the county of Ningyi, which included the current regions of Huojia County and Xiuwu County in Henan Province. Later on, the family of Ji Wei started to adopt the geographical name of Ningyi as his surname in commemoration of his settlement. That was the commencement of Ning’s family name. Ji Wei was thought as the first Chinese using "Ning" as a surname. During the period of the State of Wei, Ning’s family inherited the titles of the high-ranking officials from generations to generations and was handed down until Ning Xi with a total of nine generations, so that Ning’s family was also addressed as "nine generations of royal family".
“Ning’s people has been moving and settling down everywhere since the time of Ji Wei, who was considered to be the first ancestor of Ning’s family. Ning’s family name is different from other Chinese family names because Ning’s people are from the same root and share the same consanguinity even though there is a lack of the complete genealogy of the whole family and sufficient communications among Ning’s people in the world” (quoted from the commendations of overseas Ning’s people). Nowadays, Ning’s people live almost everywhere in the world, it is not easy to figure out the population of Ning’s people. However, it is estimated that there are over 800,000 Ning’s people in the world according to the information of Global Ning’s Family Homepage (www.ningcn.com). In China, the regions where most of Ning’s people live are the following provinces and municipalities: Shangdong, Shangxi, Hebei, Anhui, Hunan, Guangxi, Guangdong, Fujiang, Liaoning, Heilongjiang, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Sichuan and Tianjing; there are also many Ning’s people living overseas, mainly in Malaysia, Singapore, Indonesia, the United States of America, Argentina, Canada, Thailand, Vietnam and Southeast Asia. Among the above provinces and municipalities, the majority of Ning’s people resides in Lingshang county, Pubei county, Bobai county, Heng county and Luchuan county of Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region ; Wuchuan county and Huazhou city of Guangdong province; Shaoyang city, Hengyang city and Qiyang city of Hunan province；Yuncheng city of Shangxi province; Caohu city of Anhui province; Fenglai city and Qingdao city of Shangdong province; Ninghe county of Tianjing municipality. There are also several towns in Guangxi where live at least over ten thousands of Ning’s people, they are: Yandun, Taiping and Xinxu in Lingshang county; Xiaojian, Pubai county of Qinzhou city and Nalin, Bobai county of Yulin city .
Ninh (Vietnamese).
The ancient document, stored in the temple of the village Chi Phong (Ninh Binh province), Ninh Xa and La Xuyen (Nam Dinh province) has recorded that Lao La Great Officials – Ninh Huu Hung was born in 939, died in 1019. He was a General, who was in charge of the construction of Hoa Lu (ancient capital of Vietnam). In Vietnam, he is considered the founder of the carpentry and wood carving. He established the village in the land of Thiet Lam (Ironwood Forest). When he died, the villages of this land was changed into Ninh Xa (village of Ninh’s family), La Xuyen (origin from title Lao La).
Thus, the historical documents confirms that Ninh’s family has lived in Vietnam since Dinh dynasty. But perhaps, Ninh’s family lived in Vietnam since before this period (approximate in the year of the 8th century AD). Nam Dinh and Ninh Binh province can be considered as “fatherland” of Ninh’s family.
During the Tran Dynasty (1225–1400), ancestor Phuc Tien (deprivation Thang Lam Ba – The Count of Thang Lam) lived in Truc Tuan commune, Truc Ninh district Nam Dinh province. Ninh’s family at Truc Tuan commune was 28th generation so far from ancestor Phuc Tien.
In 1511, some descendants of Phuc Tien reclaiming coastal land, established the Hai Hau district today.
In 1428, after defeating the enemy Minh, Le Loi became the emperor (Le Thai To) of Great Vietnamese and founded the Later – Le dynasty. In 1478, Ninh Hang (origin in Lan Dinh commune – Thanh Lam district. Today is Dong Lac commune-Nam Sach district-Hai Duong province) has achieved the Dr. title level 2 under the reign of King Le Thanh Tong, the year 9th of reign name Hong Duc. This event proved that Ninh’s family came from Yen Ninh to settle in Hai Duong in the period from Tran Dynasty to Later-Le dynasty. After the reign of Le Thanh Tong, along with an ancestor of Le’s family, Ninh Viet Than established Le Ninh commune (Kinh Mon district – Hai Duong province today). The name of Le Ninh commune assembled from two surname “Le” and “Ninh”.
Ninh’s family also came to establish at Song Khe commune -Yen Dung district- Bac Giang province. The acknowledgement of Ninh’s family genealogy began with Ninh Triet who was born in 1540 and archived the Dr. title level 3 under the reign of King Mac Mau Hop, the year 6th of reign name Sung Khang (1571).
In the years of reign name Hong Duc (1470–1497), Ninh Doan Chung came from Ninh Xa Ha – Yen Ninh commune to Coi Tri village “occupied for farming“. Huyen Tho, Huyen Phap were the 6th generation far from Doan Chung. Huyen Tho came to establish Trung Dong village, while Huyen Phap still stayed at Coi Tri village. Grandson of Huyen Tho, named Ninh Dat, achieved the Dr. title level 3 under the reign of King Le Than Tong, the year 2th of reign name Vinh Tho (1659). Grandsons of Huyen Phap, named Ninh Dich, Ninh Ngan. Ninh Dich achieved the Dr. title level 2 under the reign of King Le Du Tong, the year 14th of reign name Vinh Thinh (1718). Ninh Ngan’s Son is Ninh Ton achieved the Dr. title level 3, the year 39th of reign name Canh Hung (1778). Ninh Ton was the cultural celebrities named in the encyclopedia dictionary of Vietnam.
Thus, Ninh’s family originated in Ninh Binh and Nam Dinh province.
At present, Ninh’s family have been living the long-life at the below areas:
According to historical events, Ninh’s family on the above places on continuing to settle in Dong Thon village – Hoang Xuyen commune – Hoang Hoa district – Thanh Hoa province, Dong Nguyen village- Thai Phuc commune – Thai Thuy district – Thai Binh province, Tam Thai commune – Phu Ninh district – Quang Nam province. . .
Today, Ninh’s family are everywhere both domestically and abroad.
Ninh’s family is a long-life family in Vietnam. In the past and present, Ninh’s family have had great contributions to the cause of national defense and national construction.
Note.
The stone on which were inscribed the names of celebrities:
Stone No. 6 – Temple of Literature Hanoi: Ninh Hang
Stone No. 41 – Temple of Literature Hanoi: Ninh Dat
Stone No. 61 – Temple of Literature Hanoi: Ninh Đich
Stone No. 81 – Temple of Literature Hanoi: Ninh Ton
Stone No. 6 – Temple of Literature BacNinh: Ninh Triet

</doc>
<doc id="19486796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486796" title="You Can Leave Your Hat On">
You Can Leave Your Hat On

"You Can Leave Your Hat On" is a song written by Randy Newman and appearing on his 1972 album "Sail Away". It was made famous by Joe Cocker when featured in the 1986 Adrian Lyne film "9½ Weeks" during the striptease scene.
According to an Allmusic review by Mark Deming, the song is "a potent mid-tempo rock tune" and "a witty and willfully perverse bit of erotic absurdity".
Joe Cocker version.
Joe Cocker recorded "You Can Leave Your Hat On" for his 1986 album "Cocker". Released as a single, Cocker's version peaked at #35 on "Billboard" Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks.
A music video was released which featured footage of the striptease scene from "9½ Weeks" and scenes with Cocker and his band performing the song.
Other cover versions.
Etta James covered the song in a 1974 single, published by Chess Records and produced by Gabriel Mekler.
Jerry Garcia Band covered it in 1974
Three Dog Night covered the song on their 1975 album, "Coming Down Your Way".
Tom Jones covered the song for the soundtrack of the 1997 British film "The Full Monty".
American country music singer Ty Herndon covered the song on his 1999 album, "Steam". Herndon's version reached #72 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart from unsolicited airplay and was included on his 2002 compilation, "".
Michael Grimm covers the song on his album "Leave Your Hat On" from 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19486801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486801" title="Roger Milliot">
Roger Milliot

Roger Milliot (1927, Le Creusot - 1968) was a French poet and painter. He served as a soldier in Indochina and as such had a pension. His health problems disabled him from becoming an ornamentalist. Like his idol René Char he preferred province life to Paris and lived in Montauban (where there is a museum of his paintings, mostly portraits of women). His depressions and feelings of frustration led him to suicide by drowning in the Seine river. His poems were published posthumously.

</doc>
<doc id="19486856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486856" title="Esplanade of the European Parliament">
Esplanade of the European Parliament

The Esplanade of the European Parliament, or simply the mall, with its most representative part Solidarność 1980 Esplanade, (, or , ) is a pedestrian mall in Brussels (Belgium), completed in 2002.
Position.
The mall runs the central length of the Espace Léopold (the European Parliament buildings in Brussels), with the Alterio Spinelli building to the east and the Willy Brandt and József Antall to the west joined to the former by the circular Konrad Adenauer footbridge running over the mall. The former station building (see below) has been converted into an information centre and fronts onto Luxembourg Square.
The mall itself covers a once over-ground railway station, the Brussels-Luxembourg Station (formerly known as the Leopold Quarter station). The paving over the top of the station allowed the construction of Parliament and created a direct link between Luxembourg Square to the west and Leopold Park to the east. The railway station's old entrance, since converted into part of the Parliamentary complex, is replaced by a glass covered stairway rising out of the mall's southern portion. The far south end is flanked by low-rise apartment blocks and is adjacent to local museums.
Criticism.
It has been criticised for "leading nowhere" as, aside from the Parliament and railway station, the mall is devoid of life. Parliamentary authorities did not wish to share the site with private enterprise, primarily for security reasons, and hence there are no shops or services along its entire length. There are plans to extend it along the railway tracks to the north, meeting up with the Berlaymont on the Rue de la Loi and to the south, so the Commission's extra 'pole' of buildings in Auderghem however residential opposition and delays mean this is not likely and it was not included as an option in recent architectural competitions.
Design.
The mall is largely light pink and white flagstone, with the southern segment broken by grassy areas running down its centre. It curves following the layout of the train station below and the Parliamentary buildings above built around the tracks. In the stone in the northern segment are engraved marble slabs in the ground commemorating the first meeting of the "World Day to Overcome Extreme Poverty" on 17 October 1987 in Paris. They are written in four languages and contains a quote from Joseph Wresinski and a commemoration of the 29 May 2002 follow up meeting in Brussels.
In the re-planning of the European Quarter, the "public stature" of the mall is to be reinforced, along with the east-west connections. The northern end, which cuts off suddenly at Rue Belliard, is to be improved, subject to an architecture competition. The southern segment will also be improved with better connections to residences, the park and the local museums. The government also seeks ideas on how to bring more life to the mall.
Name.
According to Brussels' government, the term "the mall", translated from the French "le mail", was given by the designers due to the origin of the word "mail". The etymology of mail refers to the game, mail (a form of croquet) which was played in 16th century France on a raised grassy valley adjoining the Tuileries Palace Gardens. The proximity of Leopold Park to the esplanade, which was originally higher, led the designers to apply the term.
The central and most representative part of the mall was named the "Solidarność 1980" esplanade and runs parallel to Rue de Trèves between Chaussée de Wavre and Rue Belliard. This alludes to the Solidarność trade union and social movement, which is a symbol of the fight against the Iron Curtain because it played a central role in bringing Poland's suppressive Communist regime to an end in the 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="19486872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486872" title="1902 Rosenska Pokalen">
1902 Rosenska Pokalen

Rosenska Pokalen 1902, part of the 1902 Swedish football season, was the fourth Rosenska Pokalen tournament played. 16 teams participated and 15 matches were played, the first 14 August 1902 and the last 7 September 1902. Gefle IF won the tournament ahead of runners-up Djurgårdens IF.

</doc>
<doc id="19486878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486878" title="Codex Sierra">
Codex Sierra

The Codex Sierra is a colonial Mesoamerican account book from Santa Catalina Texupa (in the modern Mexican state of Oaxaca), covering the years from 1550 to 1564. It uses both alphabetic and pictorial modes of writing. Though Texupa is a Mixtec and Chocho community, the text is written in Nahuatl, albeit with some Mixtec words. The pictorial portion likewise uses Mixtec conventions, such as the "A-O" year sign.

</doc>
<doc id="19486891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486891" title="Shebaly">
Shebaly

Shebaly is the pen name of a Malayalam writer. He is a priest of Malankara Orthodox Syrian Church. Currently he resides in United States. His real name is Babu Varghese.
Under this pen name Shebaly he had written short stories and poems in main stream media like Manorama Sunday, Kala Kaumudi, Katha since 1972. He was the editor of Poomchola - a children's monthly.

</doc>
<doc id="19486900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486900" title="It's a Hi-5 Christmas">
It's a Hi-5 Christmas

""'It's a Hi-5 Christmas is an is the first christmas album by Hi-5. With the Australian kids band (original series), was released in 2001 by Sony Music. And was re-recorded by American kids band in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19486901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486901" title="Individual Ice Racing World Championship">
Individual Ice Racing World Championship

The medalists of the from finals of the Individual Ice Racing World Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19486919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486919" title="Hapoel Tayibe F.C.">
Hapoel Tayibe F.C.

Hapoel Tayibe F.C. () was an Israeli football club based in Tayibe. In 1996 they became the first ever Israeli Arab club to play in the top division. However, they were relegated at the end of their first season in the top flight, and folded in 2003 after three more relegations.
History.
The club was founded in 1961, and joined Liga Gimel. In 1974 the club was promoted to Liga Bet, and in 1986 to Liga Alef, the third tier at the time.
In 1993 Hapoel were promoted to Liga Artzit. In their first season in the second tier the club finished fifth, missing out on the promotion play-off spot by five points. Two seasons later, under Polish manager Wojciech Łazarek, Tayibe won the Liga Artzit title, finishing 15 points clear of third-placed Hapoel Bat Yam, and were promoted to Liga Leumit, the top division, becoming the first Israeli Arab club to play at the top level in Israel.
Due to the poor state of the club's 2,500-seat stadium (at the time of their promotion it was accessible by two dirt tracks), the club played its home matches at the Sar-Tov Stadium in Netanya, Kiryat Eliezer in Haifa and the Shalom Stadium in Umm al-Fahm. Although the club started well, and was in tenth place after six matches (with three wins), they won only one more match all season. Lazarek was replaced by Zvi Rosen in January, and then Rifaat Turk, but despite the changes in management Tayibe finished bottom of the table, resulting in relegation back to Liga Artzit. During the season, on 4 April 1997, Tayibe player Waheeb Jabarra died during a match against Bnei Yehuda.
Back in the second tier, Tayibe finished eighth in the 1997-98 season, in which their match against fellow Arab club Bnei Sakhnin had to be abandoned due to fans rioting. The following season the club finished bottom of Liga Artzit with only six points from 30 matches and were relegated. Despite a points deduction for violating budget rules, they finished mid-table in the 1999-2000 season. Two seasons later the deduction of one point caused Tayibe to be relegated, as they finished a point below Hapoel Majd al-Krum, but with a better goal difference. In their first season back at the fourth level, the club finished bottom of the north division of Liga Alef, and were relegated again. Following its relegation to the fifth level, the club collapsed. In the same season Bnei Sakhnin and another Arab club, Maccabi Ahi Nazareth, were both promoted to the top division.

</doc>
<doc id="19486929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486929" title="Patatnik">
Patatnik

Patatnik or patetnik () is a Bulgarian potato dish characteristic of the Rhodope Mountains in the country's central south. Patatnik is made of grated potatoes, onions, salt and spearmint, all mixed and cooked on a slow fire. Meat, sirene (white cheese) or eggs might be added; some people also use savory and peppers.
The grated potatoes are squeezed out and mixed with the eggs, onions and cheese. Some of the doughy mixture that has formed is rolled into two sheets. One of the sheets is placed on the bottom of the dish and should be larger in diameter than it so as it comes out a fair bit. The remaining mixture is spiced with savory, poured on top of the first sheet, covered with the other sheet; the edges of both sheets should cover each other: in that respect, it resembles a "potato banitsa". According to one of the preparation methods, the patatnik is turned over when the bottom is well cooked and slipped into the dish with the heated side. According to other recipes, no sheets are formed and instead the ingredients are mixed until they become homogeneous; these are then cooked in a deep dish on a slow fire. After 20 minutes the mixture is turned over and covered and then cooked further.
The dish is traditional for the entire Rhodopes and the nearby regions, from Bansko in Pirin through Smolyan and Zlatograd to as far east as Chernichevo. The name is derived from the local word "patato" or "pateto", "potato", with the Slavic masculine suffix "–nik". The word is typical for the Rup dialects spoken in the Rhodopes. It is distinct from both standard Bulgarian "kartof" (картоф) and the western Bulgarian "kompir" (компир). In Nedelino, the dish is known as "kashnitsa" (кашница).

</doc>
<doc id="19486932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486932" title="Wampee, South Carolina">
Wampee, South Carolina

Wampee is an unincorporated community in Horry County, South Carolina, United States, along South Carolina Highway 90. Wampee is located near North Myrtle Beach across from the Intracoastal Waterway. Robert Edge Parkway starts here.

</doc>
<doc id="19486933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486933" title="Lara Mahal">
Lara Mahal

Dr. Lara K. Mahal is an Associate Professor of Chemistry and Biochemistry at New York University. She is notable both for her pioneering work establishing lectin microarrays as a new technology for glycomics and for her graduate work with Professor Carolyn R. Bertozzi on unnatural carbohydrate incorporation. Work in her laboratory focuses on understanding the role of carbohydrates in signaling and on using systems-based approaches to decode the role of glycosylation in cell differentiation and pathogenesis.
Professor Mahal received her B.A. in Chemistry at the University of California, Santa Cruz in 1995. As an undergraduate, she worked on organic free radical chemistry in the laboratory of Professor Rebecca Braslau. In 1995, Professor Mahal joined the newly formed laboratory of Professor Bertozzi at the University of California, Berkeley where she worked on the incorporation of unnatural functionalized sialic acid derivatives onto the surface of cells. For this landmark work, Professor Mahal was awarded and American Chemical Society Medicinal Chemistry Pre-doctoral Fellowship. After graduating in 2001, Professor Mahal did postdoctoral research on neuronal exocytosis in the laboratory of Professor Jim Rothman at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Research Center. During this time Professor Mahal was a Jane Coffins Child Cancer Research Fellow. In 2003, Professor Mahal joined the faculty of the University of Texas at Austin as an Assistant Professor of Chemistry and Biochemistry. As an Assistant Professor, she has received several major awards, including the Beckman Young Investigator Award (2004), an NSF Career Award (2007), the Sloan Foundation Fellowship (2008) and the 2008 NIH Director's New Innovator Award.

</doc>
<doc id="19486939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486939" title="Frog Legs Rag">
Frog Legs Rag

"Frog Legs Rag" is a classic rag composed by James Scott and published by John Stillwell Stark in December 1906. It was James Scott's first commercial success. Prior to this composition Scott had published marches. With "Frog Legs Rag", Scott embarked upon a career as a successful and important ragtime songwriter.
Background.
In 1909, Scott Joplin orchestrated for "Frog Legs Rag" to be published by John Stillwell Stark, Joplin's publisher, and his company, Stark Music Company. Edward A. Berlin, author of the Joplin biography "King of Ragtime: Scott Joplin and His Era" asserts that there was no direct evidence that James Scott and Scott Joplin were personally acquainted. "They certainly knew each other's music," Berlin affirms while describing the Joplin orchestration, and they "had similar temperaments, both being mild-mannered, quiet, and thoroughly engrossed in their music". However, he considers assertions of personal acquaintance between the two men to be speculation. 
Other music historians take a different view. The authors of "Black Bottom Stump" credit Joplin for discovering and mentoring the young artist "even while his [Joplin's] own career was faltering" and assert that "Frog Legs Rag" was published "at Joplin's insistence".
Structure.
Ragtime encyclopedist David A. Jasen identifies a number of characteristic James Scott compositional devices in this early work.
Jasen's appraisal of "Frog Legs Rag" is not unreserved: he also places "Frog Legs Rag" within the early period when James Scott compositions were "flag-waving" and lacking in the restraint the songwriter developed after 1906. Unlike Joplin, who lengthened traditional ragtime phrasing, Scott explored the genre's dynamic qualities with shortened phrasings.
Reception.
Among songs published by Stark, "Frog Legs Rag" was second in sales after Joplin's "Maple Leaf Rag". "Frog Legs Rag" has been described as "brash" and "exuberant". It was also considered to be a landmark in ragtime sheet music, composed with "vigor" and "brilliance", and to be "one of the great hits of the ragtime years".

</doc>
<doc id="19486946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486946" title="Watertown Bridge">
Watertown Bridge

The Watertown Bridge is a five-lane traffic bridge over the Charles River, carrying Rt. 16 and Galen Street. It connects Watertown Square on the north side and Watertown Yard on the south side of Watertown, Massachusetts. Pedestrian walkways line each side.
History.
Beginning as a ford, this river crossing has been spanned by bridges since 1641. The current span dates from 1907. Previous bridges date from 1647, 1667, and 1719.
The 1994 film The River Wild opens with Meryl Streep rowing downstream under the Watertown Bridge.

</doc>
<doc id="19486978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486978" title="Bileh">
Bileh

Bileh is a self-styled "spokesman" for Somali pirates operating off the coast of Somalia and based in the town of Eyl in Puntland.
He has issued threats on behalf of his group through the media. Recently, when pirates seized a Ukrainian ship carrying arms to Kenya, a New York Times report intimated that there was a means of directing questions to him.
Bileh is an African name sometimes spelled as Belay and pronounced as Bee-Lay. The name means above or superior.
The name Belay is also part of Ethiopian history, Belay Zelleke was born in 1896 in the Wollo province of Ethiopia to a mother of Wollo Borena and to a father of Gojam Berenta origins. 
In 1935 Italy invaded Ethiopia. Like the many patriotic Ethiopians, Belay Zeleke felt the need to defend his country and led an insurgency movement against the occupation in Gojam.

</doc>
<doc id="19486992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19486992" title="Honduras national under-20 football team">
Honduras national under-20 football team

The Honduras national Under-20 football team is the national U-20 team of Honduras. The U-20 team is currently coached by Javier Padilla. They have made five FIFA U-20 World Cup appearances.
2009 CONCACAF U-20 Championship.
Group 1.
After advancing, the Honduras U-20 team lost to Costa Rica 4-2 on penalty kicks in the semi finals. In the third place match, they beat Trinidad and Tobago 2-1.
2009 FIFA U-20 World Cup.
Group F.
After a convincing 3-0 win over Hungary, the young Hondurans were unable to get wins against the United Arab Emirates and South Africa, losing 1-0 and 2-0.
Current players.
Ronny Javier Portillo Cubas Platense
List of coaches.
List of managers since 1956 to present:

</doc>
<doc id="19487005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487005" title="Longfellow School">
Longfellow School

Longfellow School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19487014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487014" title="Blanca Li">
Blanca Li

Blanca Li (born January 12, 1964) is a choreographer and ballet dancer from Granada, Spain. Her style varies from flamenco to hip hop.
One of her choreographic works was for the video of "Around the World" by Daft Punk.

</doc>
<doc id="19487019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487019" title="Artemisia pipe">
Artemisia pipe

Artemisia pipe is a diamond bearing diatreme in the Slave craton region of northern Northwest Territories, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="19487026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487026" title="Longfellow School (Rutland, Vermont)">
Longfellow School (Rutland, Vermont)

Longfellow School, also known as Church Street School, is a school in Rutland, Vermont. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="19487028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487028" title="Frank Mills (disambiguation)">
Frank Mills (disambiguation)

Frank Mills is a Canadian pianist.
Frank Mills may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19487044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487044" title="Wilmer Crisanto">
Wilmer Crisanto

Wilmer Crisanto Casildo (born 24 June 1989) is a Honduran football player, who plays for C.D. Motagua in the Honduran National League.
Club career.
He became a regular in the starting lineup for C.D. Victoria when he was only 18 years old where he usually played right defender but could also play as a defensive midfielder or a central defender. He played almost every match of the 2007–08 season where he got thirty caps and scored one goal.
After several years with Victoria (in their youth system and the first team), Crisanto sparked the interest of First Division club in Argentina, Godoy Cruz. The team found out about the young player after his teammate at Victoria, Diego Vázquez, suggested him to the directors at the club. The next week, Wilmer Crisanto was invited for a 15 day trial at the club. After impressing the coaches, his contract was finally signed. He was acquired on loan for six months by the team.
He made his debut for Godoy Cruz with the reserves in a match against Newell's Old Boys on October 21, 2008 when he came on during the second half. He played a great match and was congratulated the next day on the team's website.
Despite his impressive season with the reserves, the team chose not to buy the player after his six-month trial and on December 18, 2008 he returned to Honduras to play with the team that saw him take shape, Victoria of his hometown La Ceiba.
International career.
Crisanto participated in the Honduran U-17's and played for the Honduras U20's at the 2009 FIFA U-20 World Cup in Cairo, Egypt. He also played for the 
Honduras U23's at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
He made his senior debut for Honduras in a November 2010 friendly match against Panama and has earned, as of December 2012, a total of 6 caps, scoring no goals. He has represented his country in 1 FIFA World Cup qualification match. 
Personal life.
Crisanto stated in an interview with Diario Deportivo Diez that his idol is Eduardo Bennett because of the success he had while playing in Argentina from 1993–2002 with Argentinos Juniors, San Lorenzo (Champions in 1995) and Quilmes.

</doc>
<doc id="19487050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487050" title="Longfellow School (Madison, Wisconsin)">
Longfellow School (Madison, Wisconsin)

Longfellow School is a school and/or building in Madison, Wisconsin. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="19487053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487053" title="Ricardo Andorinho">
Ricardo Andorinho

Ricardo José da Costa Andorinho (born Évora, 14 November 1976) is a former Portuguese handball player.
One of the best Portuguese players of his generation, Andorinho played for Sporting CP, from 1994 to 2004. He then moved to SDC San Antonio, in Spain, where he played the rest of his career. He had to leave handball in 2008, aged only 31 years old, due to a serious injury.
Andorinho received 155 caps for Portugal, scoring a record of 528 goals. He played at the World Men's Handball Championship, in 1997, 2001 and 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="19487061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487061" title="John Harris (bishop)">
John Harris (bishop)

John Harris (1680 – 28 August 1738) was Bishop of Llandaff from 1729 to 1738, as well as serving as Dean of Hereford Cathedral and of Wells Cathedral.
Life.
Harris (the son of George Harris of Milford Haven, Pembrokeshire, Wales) was educated at Jesus College, Oxford, matriculating in 1697 and obtaining his Bachelor of Arts degree in 1701. After being ordained, he became rector of Rudbaxton in Pembrokeshire, later becoming rector of Lampeter Velfrey (1708–1729). He was appointed a Fellow of Oriel College, Oxford in 1728, the year in which he received the degree of Doctor of Divinity from the University of Cambridge, and became a canon of Canterbury Cathedral. He became vicar of Ticehurst, Surrey in 1729, before becoming Bishop of Llandaff later in the year. During his time as bishop, he was active in the restoration of the cathedral. He was also Dean of Hereford Cathedral from 1729 to 1736, then became Dean of Wells Cathedral, where he was buried after his death on 28 August 1738.

</doc>
<doc id="19487098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487098" title="HSC-3">
HSC-3

Helicopter Sea Combat Squadron Three (HSC-3), also known as the "Merlins", are a United States Navy helicopter squadron based at Naval Air Station North Island in San Diego, California. HSC-3 formerly flew the H-46 Sea Knight (also called a "Phrog" because of its aesthetic similarities to the animal) but officially completed its transition to the MH-60S Seahawk helicopter in 2006.
History.
HSC-3 was established on 1 April 2005, and is the redesignation for HC-3. HC-3 was established on September 1, 1967 at Naval Air Station Imperial Beach. At that time, HC-3 was the only West Coast vertical replenishment (VERTREP) squadron. Operating from Combat Logistics Force (CLF) ships, HC-3 detachments transferred critical supplies to forward deployed ships via helicopter, affording maximum mobility to the Battle Group.
In July 1973, HC-3 moved to its present location aboard NAS North Island. In 1982, HC-3 became the single-site Fleet Replenishment Squadron (FRS) training pilots and aircrew in shipboard landings, VERTREP, SAR, Night Vision Devices (NVDs), tactics and emergency procedures.
The first MH-60S student completed training on April 26, 2002, and HC-3 completed H-46 training with the last Phrog pilot on September 2002. It transitioned to its new designation in April 2005.
HSC-3 administers a number of programs in addition to providing trained pilots and aircrew to the Fleet. As the Model Manager for the Naval Air Training and Operating Procedures Standardization (NATOPS) for the MH-60S, HSC-3 evaluates the NATOPS program of each HSC squadron annually. HSC-3 instructors also train all Pacific Fleet Helicopter Control Officers (HCOs) and Landing Signalman Enlisted (LSEs). Additionally, as the Chief of Naval Operations (CNO) SAR Model Manager, HSC-3 establishes the training and equipment requirements for all naval SAR operations.
The hallmark of HSC-3’s success is its dedication to safety and outstanding performance. Since 1974, HSC-3 has accumulated over 250,000 Class “A” mishap-free flight hours, making HSC-3 the Navy’s safest helicopter squadron. Accordingly, HSC-3 has been awarded ten CNO Safety Awards. The squadron’s safety record coupled with its superior operational performance has earned HSC-3 seven Commander Naval Air Force Pacific Fleet Battle Efficiency awards.

</doc>
<doc id="19487101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487101" title="Vaibhav Reddy">
Vaibhav Reddy

Vaibhav Reddy is an Indian film actor and model. Son of noted Telugu film director A. Kodandarami Reddy, he made his feature film debut with the 2007 Telugu film "Godava" under his father's direction. He is best known for his performances in the Venkat Prabhu films "Saroja", "Goa" and Mankatha.
Early life.
He did his schooling at the Cambridge Matriculation Higher Secondary School, Lloyds Road, Chennai, Tamil Nadu and the prestigious St. Bede's Anglo Indian Higher Secondary School in Chennai.
Career.
He made his acting debut in 2007, starring in the Telugu film "Godava" under his father's direction opposite Shradha Arya, which didn't do well at the box office. Before he made his debut, he was trained at the Asha Chandra School of Acting in Mumbai and also with Sathyanand of Vizag. He next starred in the Tamil comedy-thriller film "Saroja" alongside Siva and Premgi Amaran. The film, a Venkat Prabhu directorial was a critical as well as commercial success, bringing fame to Vaibhav. He worked with the same team again in another comedy film "Goa" that released in early 2010. 
His next release was "Easan" by director M. Sasikumar. He worked for the third time with Venkat Prabhu in "Mankatha" starring Ajith Kumar alongside Arjun Sarja. The film released generally to positive reviews while marking the second highest-grossing opening for a Tamil film and become big blockbuster. His upcoming films are "Anamika", a remake of Bollywood film "Kahaani", "Udayam" with Varun Sandesh and "Damaal Dumeel" in which he plays a typical software industry professional.

</doc>
<doc id="19487102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487102" title="Uncial 089">
Uncial 089

Uncial 089 in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 28 (Soden), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated paleographically to the 6th century. The codex now is located at the Russian National Library (Gr. 280) in Saint Petersburg. It came to Russia from Sinai. 
Description.
The codex contains a small parts of the Gospel of Matthew 26:2-4,7-9, on a fragment of one parchment leaf (36 cm by 28 cm). It is written in one column per page, 17 lines per page, in very large uncial letters. The letters are large, it has breathings.
From the same manuscript descendant one parchment leaf classified as Uncial 092a. It contains Gospel of Matthew 26:4-7,10-12. It is located at the Saint Catherine's Monastery (Sinai Harris 11, 1 f.) in Sinai. 089 and 092a are fragments of the same leaf. 
Also Uncial 0293 (2 leaves) formerly belonged to the same manuscript. It was discovered in May 1975 during restoration work. It is still located in Saint Catherine's Monastery.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 6th century.
Text.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type with some western readings. In close relation to Codex Sinaiticus, Vaticanus, Regius, and sometimes with Codex Bezae. Aland placed it in Category II.
In – βαρυτιμου along with manuscripts: B, W, 0133, 0255, "f"1, "f"13, Byz; the other manuscripts read πολυτιμου (Sinaiticus, Alexandrinus, Bezae, Regius, Koridethi, 33, 565, 892, 1010 1424).

</doc>
<doc id="19487113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487113" title="1994 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon">
1994 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon

The 1994 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts at the Palais des Sports de Gerland in Lyon in France and was part of the World Series of the 1994 ATP Tour. The tournament ran from October 17 through October 24, 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="19487118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487118" title="Dumpling rocks">
Dumpling rocks

Dumpling Rocks is a rock formation off the coast of Dartmouth, Massachusetts. They lie within its town limits. This durable formation has existed for 1.3 million years according to geologists in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="19487131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487131" title="Llewelyn Hughes">
Llewelyn Hughes

Frederick Llewelyn Hughes, CB, CBE, MC, TD, MA, KHC (12 July 1894 – 4 June 1967) was an Anglican priest and British Army chaplain, who served as Dean of Ripon from 1951 to 1967.
Early life.
Hughes was born on 12 July 1894 and educated at Christ’s Hospital and Jesus College, Oxford. He matriculated at Oxford in 1913 as an exhibitioner, and was highly regarded as a speaker in the college's Junior Common Room and as a rugby player. In due course, he became President of the JCR and captain of rugby.
Military service.
Hughes served in the British Army during World War I. He was commissioned into the King's Regiment (Liverpool) on 24 October 1914 as a second lieutenant (on probation). On 26 May 1916 the then lieutenant was appointed an Adjutant. He was awarded the Military Cross in 1917. As a captain, he was appointed General Staff Officer (Grade 3) on 28 March 1918. He served as a staff captain from 20 December 1918 to 16 May 1919. He relinquished his commission on 1 April 1920 and retained the rank of captain.
Religious career.
Hughes was ordained in 1922 and began his career with a curacy at Holy Trinity, Brompton. Subsequently vicar of St Stephen's, Paddington then vicar of Mansfield.
On 18 February 1935, he relinquished his rank of captain to join the Royal Army Chaplains' Department as a Chaplain to the Forces (4th Class). He was promoted to Chaplain to the Forces (3rd Class) on 1 April 1939. 
With the outbreak of World War II, Hughes saw active service. He was posted to the Middle East during the first year of the war. By October 1943, he was Chaplain to the Forces (2nd Class), and temporary Chaplain to the Forces (1st Class). He rose to the rank of Archdeacon of the Forces, the most senior Church of England chaplain. Montgomery described him as "the ideal military padre". He was appointed Chaplain-General to the Forces in 1944. He relinquished the position on 6 November 1951.
In November 1945, he was appointed to the Royal Household as a Chaplain. He was appointed Dean of Ripon in August 1951.
He died on 4 June 1967.
Honours and decorations.
On 1 April 1941, Hughes was mentioned in dispatches "for distinguished services in the Middle East during the period August, 1939, to November, 1940". He was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) on 14 October 1943 "in recognition of gallant and distinguished services in the Middle East". He was made an Honorary Chaplain to King George VI (KHC) in 1944. He was mentioned in dispatches on 22 March 1945 "in recognition of gallant and distinguished services in North West Europe". He was awarded the Efficiency Decoration (TD) on 10 October 1947, for which he was awarded three clasps on 16 February 1951. He was appointed a Companion of the Order of the Bath (CB) on 9 June 1949 as part of that year's King's Birthday Honours. He was made an Officer of the Venerable Order of Saint John (OStJ) in January 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="19487139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487139" title="Sir Michael Seymour, 1st Baronet">
Sir Michael Seymour, 1st Baronet

Sir Michael Seymour, 1st Baronet KCB (8 November 1768 – 9 July 1834) was an officer of the Royal Navy. He served during the French Revolutionary and the Napoleonic Wars, eventually rising to the rank of Rear-Admiral.
Family and early life.
Seymour was born in Pallas, County Limerick on 8 November 1768, the second son of Reverend John Seymour and his wife Griselda. He joined the navy at the age of 12, serving as a midshipman aboard the sloop-of-war , in the English Channel, under Captain James Luttrell. Seymour moved with Luttrell to in 1781. The "Portland" was then serving as the flagship of Rear-Admiral Richard Edwards, then the commander-in-chief at Newfoundland. Edwards was replaced by Vice-Admiral John Campbell in 1782, and both Luttrell and Seymour moved aboard . The "Mediator" then returned to Britain to cruise off the French coast.
On 12 December 1782 the "Mediator" pursued five French frigates in the Bay of Biscay. The French formed a line of battle, confident in their superior numbers, but Luttrell engaged them, breaking their line. He overhauled one and captured her, the 24-gun "Alexander", with 120 crew aboard. The remainder then fled, pursued by Luttrell. They then split up, forcing Luttrell to choose to remain with the largest. He eventually caught up with her and brought her to battle. The enemy, the 34-gun "Menegere" with 212 men aboard, was forced to surrender. Luttrell began the return voyage to England with his prizes, having to deal with an attempted uprising amongst his French prisoners part way through the voyage on 14 December. Despite having only 190 men to deal with 340 prisoners, the rising was quashed without bloodshed. Seymour remained aboard the "Mediator" until 1783, when he moved to . He eventually served on a number of different ships, before receiving his commission as a lieutenant in 1790. He joined that year, but left when she was paid off in 1791.
Advancement.
Seymour returned to service with the outbreak of the French Revolutionary Wars in 1793, serving aboard under George Cranfield-Berkeley. The "Marlborough" formed part of the fleet under Lord Howe, and Seymour was thus present at the Glorious First of June, on 1 June 1794. During the battle, the "Marlborough" came under attack from three French warships, the 78-gun "Impétueux", the 74-gun "Mucius" and the 120-gun "Montagne". The "Marlborough" was heavily damaged but was able to defend herself and resist French attempts to capture her. During the battle Seymour had his left arm shot off.
Seymour recovered from his wound, and was promoted to commander. He received his first command in mid-1796, that of the sloop . He spent the next several years cruising in the Channel, and off the French coast, before being promoted to Post-Captain on 11 August 1800, after making representations to the First Lord of the Admiralty George Spencer. During his time in home waters he was able to capture a number of small French ships and privateers. He moved to take command of in 1801, at the instigation of Admiral William Cornwallis, but the Peace of Amiens later that year left him without a ship. The resumption of hostilities led to Seymour returning to sea, spending time as acting-captain of a number of ships, before finally being offered command of the 36-gun fifth rate in 1806. On 10 November 1808 he came across the 40-gun French frigate "Thetis", and after a hard fought battle, captured her. In recognition of this act Seymour received a medal from King George III, a 100 guinea piece of plate from the Lloyd's Patriotic Fund, and the Freedom of the Cities of Cork and Limerick. On 6 April 1809 he engaged, and captured the 44-gun frigate "Niemen". For this he was created a baronet the following month.
Later career.
Seymour then served on the Walcheren Campaign, and on its conclusion, was appointed to command his prize, , which had subsequently been taken into the navy. He then command the 74-gun third rate , and on 26 May 1814 he captured the 44-gun "Sultane". He was nominated a Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath in January 1815 and moved aboard the Royal Yacht several years later. He became Commissioner of Portsmouth Dockyard, but after the post was abolished, was promoted to Rear-Admiral, and appointed to command the South American Station. He received a pension of £300 for the loss of his arm.
Death.
Seymour was already in poor health on his departure from England, and died at Rio de Janeiro on 9 July 1834. He was buried at Cemiterio Dos Ingleses Gamboa on 15 July in a large funeral attended by English, French, American and Spanish officers, and other civilian officials. As a gesture of respect, the national flags on the ships in the harbour were flown at half-mast, and salutes were fired. A memorial was later erected in his memory at St Anns Church, Portsmouth.
Family.
Michael Seymour's younger brother, Richard, also joined the navy, reaching the rank of lieutenant. He served aboard but was killed in the battle against the French frigate "Belle Poule" on 13 March 1806. Michael Seymour married Jane in 1797, and the couple had five sons and three daughters. His eldest son, John, inherited the baronetcy on his father's death. His third and fourth sons, Michael and Edward, followed their father into the navy. Michael had a distinguished career, rising to the rank of Admiral. Edward served briefly as flag lieutenant under his father, but died relatively young, and was posthumously promoted to commander.

</doc>
<doc id="19487142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487142" title="Luis Garrido">
Luis Garrido

Luis Fernando Garrido (born 5 November 1990) is a Honduran football player who currently plays for Club Deportivo Olimpia. Most often deployed as a defensive midfielder, he also plays for the Honduran national team.
Club career.
Born in Juticalpa, Garrido started playing for Juticalpa FC in the secondary division when he was 17 years old. Then he moved to Olimpia and made his senior debut in the 2007–08 Honduran Liga Nacional. He played 6 consecutive seasons with Olimpia winning 5 national titles. On January 25, 2013, he agreed to a six-month loan at Red Star Belgrade for the spring 2013 half-season. On February 1, 2013, he was promoted by Red Star Belgrade after he inked his contract for a 6-month loan, with an option to sign a subsequent contract in June 2013 to stay with the club permanently. However at the end of the season Red Star was unable to fullfill the finantial demands of Olimpia, so his first experience in Europe came to an end, and subsequently Garrido returned to Olimpia. He played 10 matches in the Serbian SuperLiga and Red Star finished the season runner-up.
International career.
As a youth, he was also a "sub" in a 2007 international game against the United States, and later that year played a game for the Honduran national under-17 team against the USA. He played at the 2007 FIFA U-17 World Cup and at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
He made his senior debut for Honduras in an October 2012 FIFA World Cup qualification match against Panama. Ever since he became progressively a key player in the FIFA World Cup qualification matches.

</doc>
<doc id="19487174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487174" title="Roger Rojas">
Roger Rojas

Roger Fabricio Rojas Lazo, nicknamed "RoRo", (born on 9 June 1990) is a Honduran professional footballer. He currently plays for Olimpia.
Due to his style of play, has been compared to Wilmer Velásquez.
Club career.
Born in in Tegucigalpa, Rojas plays as a striker for Olimpia. In April 2013, he scored his 50th league goal against Platense aged 22, making him the youngest player to reach the milestone and surpassing national team striker Jerry Bengtson who was 24 when he scored his 50th.
International career.
He represented Honduras in the 2009 FIFA U-20 World Cup.
Rojas made his senior debut against El Salvador on 5 September 2010, scoring his first goal in the process. This goal also meant that Rojas became the youngest ever goal scorer in the Honduran national team's history.

</doc>
<doc id="19487181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487181" title="Dome lounge">
Dome lounge

A dome lounge is a type of domed railroad passenger car that includes lounge, cafe, dining or other space on the upper level or both levels of the car. Examples include both short (approximately half the length of the car, with the dome located just forward or just rearward of the car's center) and full (taking almost the entire length of the car). Some examples include sleeping compartments or coach seating.
Classic dome lounges and their train lines.
Classic dome lounges (built during the streamliner era in the U.S. and Canada) include:
"Super Dome" full-length cars were built by Pullman-Standard in 1952 for the Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul & Pacific, also known as the Milwaukee Road, and operated in the railroad's "Hiawatha" passenger train fleet. Ten cars were initially constructed, with one of these destroyed in a derailment while on a test run and later rebuilt using new parts and parts salvaged from the original destroyed car.
"Big Dome" full-length cars built by the Budd Company in 1954 for the Atchison, Topeka & Santa Fe for the railroad's passenger train fleet. Fourteen of these were built in two groups, one group of which included crew dormitory space on the lower level.
"Great Dome" full-length cars built by the Budd Company in 1956 for the Great Northern Railway for its "Empire Builder" train. Six of these were built; one of them was actually owned by the Chicago, Burlington & Quincy, over which the train operated between Chicago and the Twin Cities. At least one, Great Northern car number 1391, "Ocean View", survived to be transferred to Amtrak ownership.
"Pleasure Dome" short dome cars built by Pullman-Standard in 1950 for the Atchison, Topeka & Santa Fe for its "Super Chief" train. The six cars had both lounge and dining facilities, including the unique "Turquoise Room", a small dining area identified by the turquoise Native American medallion displayed on one of the room's walls.
"Vista Dome" short dome cars built by the Budd Company for the Chicago, Burlington & Quincy for its Zephyr passenger trains. Examples included two dome-parlor-observations built in 1947 for the "Twin Zephyrs"; six dome-buffet-lounges and six dome-sleeper-observations built in 1949 for the "California Zephyr"; two dome-coach-buffet-lounges and two dome-parlor-observations built in 1953 for the "Kansas City Zephyr"; and two dome-buffet-lounges and two dome-parlor-observations built in 1956 for the "Denver Zephyr". The "California Zephyr" cars included those built for the Denver & Rio Grande Western and the Western Pacific, which were partners with the CB&Q on the train's route between Chicago and the San Francisco Bay area.
"Vista Dome" short dome cars built for the Wabash Railroad. The Budd Company built a dome-parlor-observation in 1950 for the railroad's "Blue Bird"; Pullman-Standard built a dome-parlor for the same train in 1952.
"Astra Dome" short dome cars built by American Car & Foundry in 1955 for the Union Pacific Railroad and operated on the "City of Los Angeles", "City of Portland" and other UP passenger trains. The railroad purchased 15 dome-lounge-observations.
"Skyline" dome-coach-buffet-lounges and "Park" dome-sleeper-observations built by the Budd Company in 1955 for the Canadian Pacific Railway. The CP purchased 18 of each car type for its "Canadian" and "Dominion" passenger trains.
"Stairway to the Stars" cars constructed by the Southern Pacific Railroad for its "Daylight" passenger trains. The railroad built seven cars in its own shops, using components from retired cars and dome components supplied by the Budd Company. These cars were more accurately three-quarters length domes, since the dome level was more than half the length of the car but did not extend the full length.
Waning years of original passenger train use.
Most of these cars remained in service for their original owners up to the end of privately run passenger trains in North America in the 1970s. In the U.S., most cars moved on to Amtrak or to operators such as Auto Train. A few remained in business car service for their original railroads. In Canada, the entire Canadian Pacific fleet went to Via Rail.
Dome lounge use today.
Most of them survive as of 2013. Some are in excursion train or dinner train service, while others are on display in museums. A few remain in business car service. Most of the original Canadian Pacific cars remain in service on the transcontinental Canadian train operated by Via Rail Canada.
A new generation of dome lounges currently operate in cruise train service in Alaska and Canada. These do not necessarily use the traditional dome design, but are more similar to the bi-level design first seen in commuter-style "gallery" cars on U.S. railroads in the 1950s and on the "Hi-Level" cars built by the Budd Company in 1956 for the Atchison, Topeka & Santa Fe "El Capitan" train.
Most of these cars were constructed by Colorado Railcar Company of Fort Lupton, Colorado. Some early versions were built by Tillamook Railcar of Tillamook, Oregon, which operated out of an old U.S. Navy airship hangar at the Tillamook Airport. The owner of Tillamook Railcar later went on to form Colorado Railcar. These early versions were reconstructed from retired commuter "gallery" cars. More recent ones were built new, and several of these are longer and taller than the classic passenger car design.

</doc>
<doc id="19487184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487184" title="Ardsollus and Quin railway station">
Ardsollus and Quin railway station

Ardsollus and Quin railway station was a station on the railway from Limerick to Ennis and served the village of Quin in County Clare, Ireland.
History.
Opened by the Limerick and Ennis Railway, at the beginning of the 20th century, the station was run by the Great Southern and Western Railway (GSWR). It was absorbed by the Great Southern and Western Railway Company, and so joined the Great Southern Railways.
The station was then nationalised, passing on to the Coras Iompair Éireann as a result of the Transport Act 1944 which took effect from 1 January 1945. The passenger service ceased but freight traffic passed on to the Iarnród Éireann in 1986.
The site today.
The line through the station is being rebuilt as part of the Western Railway Corridor and will be returned to passenger use in stages from 2009 to 2012. 

</doc>
<doc id="19487195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487195" title="Sampath Raj">
Sampath Raj

Sampath Raj (Sampath Raj Kumar) is an Indian film actor who works primarily in the Tamil film industry. He is best known for appearing in each film of director Venkat Prabhu's comedy trilogy, consisting of "Chennai 600028", "Saroja" and "Goa". He has also acted in supporting roles in various other films. He is mostly known in negative roles. He is an M.A in Political Science.He was born in the 'nawabi' city of Lucknow,UP.He spent most of his early life in Bangalore. He is a Brahmin native of Sri Rangam currently living in Chennai.

</doc>
<doc id="19487200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487200" title="Sampath">
Sampath

Sampath may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19487219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487219" title="Faith Christian School (Texas)">
Faith Christian School (Texas)

Faith Christian School (FCS) is a private school in Grapevine, Texas, U.S.A.
Athletics.
FCS participates as a member of TAPPS. Athletic teams are nicknamed the Lions.
One Heart Bowl.
Since 2008 FCS has maintained a "rivalry" with the Gainesville State School, a Texas Juvenile Justice Department maximum-security juvenile detention facility. (The "rivalry" is, from a competition standpoint, one-sided as FCS has won all of the matchups.)
The rivalry began when FCS and Gainesville State were placed in the same district for athletic competition. 
After learning about how the Gainesville State program operated (the team plays all its games on the road, has no fan base outside of its coaches and the guards assigned to escort the team each week, and the roster – where players are identified only by their first name and first initial of their last name – is subject to significant turnover due to players being released from TYC custody or removed from the team for disciplinary action), FCS head football coach/athletic director Kris Hogan sent an unusual request to the team's fans – he asked them to form a spirit line and cheer for the Gainesville State players in their upcoming game. The game made national headlines.
The teams played again in district competition in 2009 (now renamed "OneHeart Bowl"); the game featured (then) Cowboys coach Wade Phillips in attendance.
Gainesville State and FCS were moved into different districts in 2010; however, FCS and Gainesville State have continued the annual football game.

</doc>
<doc id="19487226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487226" title="Fredy Sosa">
Fredy Sosa

Fredy Alonso Sosa Bonilla (born 30 January 1990) is a Honduran football player.
Club career.
Sosa made his professional debut at his team Real España on the hand of the Argentine coach Mario Sanabria in 2008. He was loaned to Deportes Savio for the 2009 Apertura.
Nicknamed "el Tanque" (the Tank) due to his struggle with his weight, he played for second division sides Cruz Azul and then Parrillas One in 2010.
International career.
Sosa played for Honduras at the 2007 FIFA U-17 World Cup in the Republic of Korea. He played 16 games for the U-17's.

</doc>
<doc id="19487241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487241" title="Vilém Goppold von Lobsdorf">
Vilém Goppold von Lobsdorf

Vilém Goppold von Lobsdorf (28 May 1869 - 12 June 1943) was a Bohemian fencer and olympic medalist in sabre competition.
He received a bronze medal in "sabre individual" and in "sabre team" at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="19487244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487244" title="Drybones Bay kimberlite pipe">
Drybones Bay kimberlite pipe

The Drybones Bay kimberlite pipe is a diamondiferous diatreme in the Slave craton of the Northwest Territories, Canada. It is the largest diatreme discovered in the Northwest Territories.

</doc>
<doc id="19487245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487245" title="Papi chulo... (te traigo el mmmm...)">
Papi chulo... (te traigo el mmmm...)

"Papi Chulo... te traigo el mmmm" is a 2003 song recorded by rapper and reggaeton artist Lorna. Released as her debut single in 2003 summer, the song achieved a huge success in many countries, becoming a top five hit in France, the Netherlands, Belgium and Italy.
Song information.
Sponsored by NRJ, the song also features as B-side on Lorna's second single, "Papito ven a mí". In the refrains, the singer can be heard sighing in a sexual manner.
In the music video, Lorna performs a suggestive dance while singing.
In France, the single went to number 46 on July 20, 2003. It climbed quickly and reached the top ten three weeks later. It finally topped the chart for a sole week, then dropped but managed a total of 14 weeks in the top ten and 20 weeks on the chart. It fell off the chart after being at #25 probably because the song was available on the singer's next single then released. The single is currently the 937th best-selling single of all time.
A Pakistani cover version of the song has also been released with Urdu lyrics sung by popular Makrani singer Younis Jani.This song gained popularity in Pakistan in 2003.
In Italy the song title and the song itself have been widely used in political satire: "papi" ("daddy") is one of the nicknames of Silvio Berlusconi, first used by Noemi Letizia, a girl involved in one of the many sexual scandals of the Italian Prime Minister. "Chulo", other than meaning "pimp" in Spanish, sounds like "ciùlo", an Italian slang term for the sexual act.

</doc>
<doc id="19487247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487247" title="César Oseguera">
César Oseguera

César Antonio Oseguera Raudales (born 20 July 1990) is a Honduran football player, who currently plays for Motagua in the Honduran Liga Nacional.
International career.
Oseguera played for Honduras at the 2007 FIFA U-17 World Cup at South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="19487252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487252" title="Carlos Carsolio">
Carlos Carsolio

Carlos Carsolio Larrea (born 4 October 1962 in Mexico City) is a Mexican mountain climber. Carsolio is known for being the fourth man (first non-European) and the second youngest to climb the world's 14 eight-thousander mountain peaks, all of them without supplementary oxygen (but he required emergency oxygen on his descent from Makalu in 1988).
Early years.
Carsolio, the eldest of seven children, was introduced to mountaineering by his mother. When she was pregnant, she climbed Iztaccíhuatl (5,220 meters) despite her doctor's recommendations. Carsolio admired climber Hermann Buhl in his youth, and later Lynn Hill, Peter Croft and Jerzy Kukuczka.
His first ascents were in Mexico: Pico de Orizaba, Popocatépetl and Iztaccíhuatl. In the early 1980s Carsolio climbed the nose of El Capitan in Yosemite, California.
At age 22, Carsolio got his first big achievement when he climbed Reinhold Messner's tough south face route of Aconcagua, the highest peak in the Americas at 6,962 meters (22,841 ft). He traveled to Patagonia in 1990 with his friend Andrés Delgado to make the first Mexican ascent of Cerro Torre, considered by experts as the world's most difficult mountain for its great granite wall of at least 800 meters (2,625 ft), no matter what path climbers seek to attack. In 1991 Carsolio and Delgado climbed on Baffin Island, Canada where they accomplished the first Mexican summit.
The fourteen eight-thousanders, the big challenge.
Carsolio climbed his first eight-thousander with Jerzy Kukuczka; considered by some the best high-altitude climber in the world. They climbed "Nanga Parbat" on July 13, 1985, with a Polish expedition, led by Pawel Mularz.
Carsolio summited "Shisha Pangma" with Elsa Ávila, Ramíro Navarrete, Ryszard Warecki and Wanda Rutkiewicz, and being the first to traverse the sharp snow arête from the Central Summit to the Main Summit. Carsolio and Ávila were the first Mexicans to reach that peak, for Navarrete would be the first Ecuadorian eight-thousander on July 18, 1987.
His solo ascension of "Makalu" on October 12, 1988 was the third eight-thousander in Carsolio's career. He required rescue and emergency oxygen on the descent.
On October 13, 1989 Carsolio headed a Mexican expedition to make summit on "Mount Everest" by the southeast route without the aid of bottled oxygen. This was a pending account with the mountain, months before with Elsa Ávila; they had to abort the mission because his partner got severe pulmonary edema only 92 meters (302 ft), from the summit. They were forced to retreat. Elsa would summit Everest 10 years later. However, on May 16, his countryman, Ricardo Torres-Nava, reached the mountaintop to become the first Mexican and Latin American to do so, with supplementary oxygen on an American expedition. 1989 was a particularly hard year on Everest. Sherpas saw it as a "dark year" because of 24 people who reached the Everest, 8 died during the descent.
On May 12, 1992 Carsolio made the summit of "Kangchenjunga" climbing solo. Wanda Rutkiewicz began the ascent with Carlos at 3:30 AM on May 12 from camp IV, located at 7,950 meters (26,083 ft). After a dozen hours of climbing under heavy snowfall, Carsolio reached the top (the only summit that year). On his descent, between 8,200 and 8,300 meters (26,900 – 27,230 ft), Carsolio encountered Rutkiewicz. Although she had no food, she decided to bivouac and attempt the summit the next day. Carsolio was exhausted and could not convince her to descend with him, and she was never seen again.
The sixth eight-thousander for Carsolio was "K2" on 13 June 1993, considered by many climbers the most difficult peak in the world.
On April 26, 1994, Carsolio reached the summit of "Cho Oyu", establishing a speed record: ascent from base camp in 18 hours and 45 minutes.
New record on "Lhotse": with a climb of 23 hours and 50 minutes from base camp to the summit on May 13, 1994, Carsolio got the summit of his eighth solo eight-thousander.
"The Carsolio Route". On July 9, 1994 Carlos makes the summit solo of "Broad Peak" establishing a new route on the west face of the mountain, now known by his name. Carsolio called it his most successful climb. With that, he is only the fifth person to establish a new solo route of an eight-thousander.
The year 1994 ends to Carsolio with two world records in just 17 days, a new route with his name and three eight-thousands more in his statistics.
1995 was the most productive year for Carsolio. He conquered "Annapurna" on April 25, "Dhaulagiri" on May 15, "Gasherbrum II" on July 4 and "Gasherbrum I " on July 15; four eight-thousanders more to his account. Just Manaslu left. Carlos tried it with Kukuczka in 1986, but failed at that time with principles of freezing on fingers and toes, nearly lost his life on this expedition in an attempt of a new route.
On 12 May 1996, Carlos and his younger brother, Alfredo, made the summit of "Manaslu" on Alpine style. For Carlos was his long-awaited fourteenth and final eight-thousander. Manaslu is characterised by bad weather. The risk is higher than other mountains, the statistics of people who die there are much higher than Everest. The ascent of Manaslu by the Carsolios had a serious setback at 200 meters (656 ft), from the summit; the climbers found that a strong storm was approaching from the Annapurna and Dhaulagiri. They calculated that at the Manaslu would arrive in a couple of hours, just when they were touching the mountaintop. The international media pressure was enormous, Carlos never made an expedition so well prepared, equipped and funded, but only one eight-thousander left. But to survive they made the right decision, to turn back. Fortunately the storm was not as high, at around 7,300 meters (23,950 ft). Although the brothers had to dig an ice cave for shelter. It was a blow. After a week of recovery they came again and after a few days later the Carsolios finally reached the summit. The objective was accomplished; Carlos Carsolio got the 14 eight-thousander. Headlines of the feat spread all around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="19487263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487263" title="Tomio Kubota">
Tomio Kubota

His work on p-adic L-functions, later recognised as an aspect of Iwasawa theory, was jointly with Leopoldt. 
He extended the concept of metaplectic group, in a way significant for arithmetic applications. This opened a field for later research on associated Dirichlet series and automorphic forms, and was a major step in the solution of Kummer's conjecture.

</doc>
<doc id="19487268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487268" title="Alfredo Mejía">
Alfredo Mejía

Alfredo Antonio Mejía Escobar (born 3 April 1990 in El Negrito, Yoro Department) is a Honduran footballer who currently plays for Motagua in the Honduran Liga Nacional.
Club career.
Mejía had a spell at the reserves of Italian side Udinese before spending two years at Real España. He joined Motagua for the 2012 Clausura championship.
He had a spell at French side Monaco in 2009 and was rumored to join the Seattle Sounders after the Sounders sent scouts over to Honduras.
International career.
Mejía played at the 2007 FIFA U-17 World Cup, 2009 FIFA U-20 World Cup and the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Mejía made his senior debut for Honduras in a January 2011 UNCAF Nations Cup match against Costa Rica and has, as of January 2013, earned a total of 15 caps, scoring 1 goal. He has represented his country at the 2011 UNCAF Nations Cup as well as at the 2011 CONCACAF Gold Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19487273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487273" title="Valmet RM 2">
Valmet RM 2

RM 2 was a class of two-bogie four-axle (Bo'Bo' wheel arrangement) tram operated by Turku City Transport ( (TuKL); ), popularly known as "ghost cars". They were the last trams acquired for the Turku tram network prior to its closure in 1972, built by the Finnish metal industry corporation Valmet in 1956. Although never operated as such, these trams were designed for use on light rail lines.
All RM 2s were withdrawn in June 1972 on the closure tram line 2. Although attempts were made to sell the trams to new operators, they never returned to active service. Five were sold for scrap; three were given to private organisations for preservation, but were scrapped by the 1980s.
Concept and construction.
The trams were, like the older Karia HM IV and Valmet RM 1 types trams built for the Helsinki tram network, based on Swiss Standard Trams of the time but with numerous changes. The RM 2 was shorter and narrower than the Helsinki trams and had no middle doors. They were constructed in collaboration with Tampella and Strömberg, who provided the bogies and electronics respectively. As a result the RM 2 class, along with the similar RM 1 and RM 3 classes, were also referred to as VTS trams. Due to the Tampella-built bogies and rubber dampened wheels the RM 2 trams ran extremely silently and smoothly, earning them the nickname "ghost cars" (). The RM 2 class had 1+1 seating arrangement (instead of Helsinki's 2+1) to maximise capacity.
During the early 1950s, when the RM 2 class were ordered, there was an ongoing struggle in the decision-making organs of Turku on whether the tram network should be expanded with light rail lines into the suburban areas or closed down. The design of the RM 2 class was optimised for usage on light rail lines, with a top speed of . However, by the time the trams were delivered in 1956, the expansion plans had been abandoned apart from a short expansion of line 2 completed the same year. As a result the RM 2 trams were never used for the purpose for which they were optimised for.
All RM 2 trams had couplers for towing two-axle trailers. In 1958 one four-axle trailer, number 141, was built by the TuKL workshop. Unlike the existing trailers it was equipped with an automatic Scharfenberg coupler, and RM 2 48 was fitted with a similar coupler to tow it. During the first year in service the 48+141 combination was used on line 2, after that on line 1 during rush hour.<
Service history.
The RM 2 class were delivered in 1956 and initially used on all three Turku tram lines. However, it soon turned out that they were too long to pass each other on some curves along the circular line 3, and they were restricted to lines 1 and 2.
The active service of the RM 2 class was short-lived as the Turku tram network closed between 1967 and 1972. Line 1 closed in 1967, leaving the RM 2s to run only on line 2. In 1971 the inner circle of line 3 (3A) was closed down. This would have made it possible to utilize the RM 2s on the remaining 3B, but this was not done. As a result the RM 2 class was withdrawn on 1972-06-01 when line 2 closed. Tram operations continued on line 3B until 1972-10-01, utilising older rolling stock dating from the 1930s and early 1950s.
After not finding a purchaser, the city sold the RM 2's for scrap at a loss. Five of the eight trams were sold to Laihon romuliike, where they were scrapped. The remaining three were given to different societies for preservation; 52 to Merimieslähetysseura, 53 to the Finnish Tramway Society and 55 to the Museum of Technology, Helsinki. All three were stored outdoors in different locations and were so badly vandalised that they were scrapped in the 1970s and 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="19487286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487286" title="Tito Simon">
Tito Simon

Tito Simon (born Keith Foster, 1948, St Mary's, Jamaica) is a Jamaican reggae singer and producer.
Simon appeared with Dandy Livingstone as one half of Sugar & Dandy. He had solo success with tunes such as "This Monday Morning Feeling" which he wrote and produced. The song reached #45 in the UK Singles Chart in February 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="19487297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487297" title="S. P. B. Charan">
S. P. B. Charan

Sripathi Panditharadhyula Balasubrahmanyam Charan, popularly known as S. P. B. Charan, is an Indian film actor, producer and a playback singer from Andhra Pradesh, who works primarily in the Tamil film industry.
Son of popular Indian singer S. P. Balasubrahmanyam, he first worked as a playback singer in the Tamil and Telugu film industries. He become an actor with the 2003 Kannada film "Hudugigagi" and is probably best known for his performance in the 2008 film, "Saroja". He has established a film production company called Capital Film Works, and produced several Tamil films, including the cult hit "Chennai 600028" in 2007 and the National Film Award-winning "Aaranya Kaandam" in 2012.
Early life.
Charan was born to singer S. P. Balasubramanyam and his wife, Savitri and raised in Chennai. He has a sister, Pallavi. He received a degree in Bachelors in Business Administration from Pace University in New York, USA in 1997.
Career.
Actor.
Charan first acted with his father in a film called "Maha Yedabidangi" directed by K. S. L. Swamy but the film did not release. In 1999 he starred in the television serial "Oonjal" produced by K. Balachander and directed by Sundar K. Vijayan, which was followed by Radan's "Annamalai". He also starred in a TV serial named "Bommaigal" in Tamil and "Akka Chellulu" in Telugu. His first release was the Kannada film "Hudugigagi" in 2003 directed by B. Manjunath. In 2008 he played one of the lead roles in Venkat Prabhu's "Saroja". On his performance, Sify wrote, "S.P.B Charan as Jagapathy Babu suits the role and is fantastic". He acted in "Va" in which he played shiva's prospective brother-in-law. He is currently action in two Tamil films "Vanavarayan Vallavarayan" and "Vizhithiru".
Producer.
Charan established a film production company, Capital Film Works, in 2002. Their first production was the film "Unnai Charanadainthen", in which Charan played the lead role, alongside his friend Venkat Prabhu. The film, which notably featured musical score by Charan's father, Balasubrahmanyam, received four Tamil Nadu State Film Awards. He further produced the Jayam Ravi-starrer "Mazhai" (2005), a remake of the Telugu film "Varsham", which was a moderate success. His next production was Venkat Prabhu's directorial debut "Chennai 600028" (2007), considered a trend-setting film that featured 11 newcomers in the lead and became one of 2007's biggest commercial as well as critical successes. In 2011 his sixth production, "Aaranya Kaandam", was released to critical acclaim and became noted for getting 52 cuts by the regional Central Board of Film Certification. Although it did not achieve the expected box office success, Charan won a Swarna Kamal at the 59th National Film Awards as a producer of the film. His next production will be "Thirudan Police" by another debutant Caarthick Raju.
Playback singer.
Charan began working as a playback singer in 1997 with "Deepangal pesum" from "Devathai" under Ilaiyaraaja's direction. About being the son of an icon, he stated; "my voice sounds so much like appa, people might not want to use a similar voice. When SPB himself is rocking, why would composers need his clone?" He has sung for composers A. R. Rahman and Devi Sri Prasad. Charan's most popular songs include "Nagila Nagila" from "Alaipayuthey", "Mellaga" from "Varsham", "Nenu Nenuga Lene" from "Manmadhudu", "I Love you Shailaja" from "Mazhai", "Please Sir" from "Boys", "Maaja Maaja" from "Jillunu Oru Kadhal", "Oru Nanban Irundhal" from "Enakku 20 Unakku 18", "O Shanti" from "Vaaranam Aayiram", "Nee Naan" from "Mankatha". In 2010, he recorded a song on the "Kadhal 2 Kalyanam" soundtrack for Yuvan Shankar Raja and recorded with his father for the first time in Tamil for the film "Aadukalam", for which they both won the Vijay Award for Best Male Playback Singer.
Personal life.
In 1996, he and childhood friend Venkat Prabhu and Premgi Amaren set up a music band called Next Generation which also had Yugendran and Thaman as members.
In September 2011, Sona Heiden pressed sexual assault charges against Charan after an encounter at a party. While on bail, he counter-sued for defamation. In a deal brokered by his father, the case was withdrawn after Charan made an apology. After his first marriage ended in divorce, he married again in early 2012. Charan underwent a notable weight loss in late 2010. In response to speculation, he stated it was in response to becoming health-conscious.
Filmography.
As Singer.
List of songs sung by S. P. B. Charan.

</doc>
<doc id="19487308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487308" title="HMS Niemen">
HMS Niemen

Two ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Niemen":

</doc>
<doc id="19487309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487309" title="Villa Paul Poiret">
Villa Paul Poiret

Villa Paul Poiret in Mézy-sur-Seine, Yvelines, France, is an early 1920s Cubism-inspired, and later Art Deco, private house originally designed by architect Robert Mallet-Stevens.
The house stands in 48,500 m² of parkland in Mézy-sur-Seine, to the west of Paris, overlooking the Seine Valley. It is constructed in reinforced concrete to a geometric style, has 25 rooms on three levels, 800 m² of internal space, an upper terrace with panoramic views, and a 7-metre-tall corner salon with floor-to-ceiling windows.
Villa Paul Poiret was commissioned by fashion designer Paul Poiret in 1921; its building completed in 1925. The house fell into disrepair, and was sold by Poiret in 1930 to actress Elvira Popescu, who lived there from 1938 to 1985. Popescu hired the architect Paul Boyer in 1932 to alter the original design to the contemporary Art Deco Paquebot (steamship) style, converting windows to portholes, and rounding-off terrace corners. The house was listed as an historic landmark in 1984.
In 1999 the house, which had once more become dilapidated, was bought by Laurent Brun. Under the auspices of the French National Historic Landmark Commission and the Bâtiments de France, (the two bodies responsible for listed buildings,) the Mallet-Stevens exterior and the Popescu/Boyer interior have been restored.
Villa Paul Poiret is part of the "Journées de Patrimoine", (Heritage Days,) scheme in which public and private buildings of historic importance are open to the public on the third weekend in September.

</doc>
<doc id="19487311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487311" title="Gavril Stefanović Venclović">
Gavril Stefanović Venclović

Gavrilo Stefanović Venclović ( ; fl. 1670–1749) was a Serbian priest, writer, poet, orator, philosopher, and illuminator. He was one of the first and most notable representatives of Serbian Baroque literature (although he worked in the first half of 18th century, as Baroque trends in Serbian literature emerged in the late 17th century). But Venclović's most unforgettable service to his nation was his initial contribution as a scholar to the development of the vernacular -- what was to become, a century later, the Serbian literary language.
Biography.
Venclović was born in Srem province, then part of the Hungarian kingdom, now Serbia. There is little information about his childhood. In 1690 he was a refugee from the Turkish army in Sentandrea, Hungary where he become a disciple of Kiprijan Račanin, who started a school for young monks, similar to the one in the municipality of Rača, near the river Drina, in Serbia.
The first "Rača School" in Srem was in the Monastery of St. Lucas. Gavrilo had special skills as a poet and icon painter. Also, he wrote and collected songs, and wrote Hagiography of Serbian saints. We know from archival records that Venclović attended a theological seminary from 1711 to 1715 and then went to Győr, a city in northwest Hungary, where he become a parish priest at the Serbian Orthodox Church of "St. Nicholas". In 1739, during religious persecutions, he came as a renowned speaker ("slavni propovednik") to live among the Serbian Šajkaši in Komárom. He spoke his views frankly, but he disliked polemic; he found also more toleration than might have been expected. In 1735, according to his writings, he gives us a clue that he was then already old ("v starosti"). In politics he played a considerable part. Preaching to the Orthodox Šajkaši and the Slavonian Military Frontier troops in 1746 and encouraged by the very anti-Turkish inclinations that underlined his loyalty to the Habsburg monarch, he demanded loyalty to the ruling family, and total respect for the military code (as unseperable from dynastic patriotism). In this context Venclović appealed to the Šajkaši and soldiers alike to be devoted to the emperor, to refrain from abusing the weak, stealing, and betraying their comrades and fellow-men-at-arms. From 1747 we lose all trace of Venclović.
We know his scholarship was both brilliant and extensive; his sound sense and his singularly pure and devoted character gave him a great influence. He was remarkably free from the pedantry of the time, as is shown by his views about the use of the Serbian vernacular as a vehicle of culture. As a theologian his natural affinities were with the Russians, Ukrainians, Poles and other Slavs, with whom he shared the advantage of having grown up to the view of the Age of Enlightenment, by the natural progress of his studies and religious life. Thus he never lost his sympathy with humanism and with the great Russian representatives, Lazar Baranovych and Feofan Prokopovich.
His character is difficult to evaluate, for he possessed the usual Serbian Orthodox virtues in modest form. He seldom spoke about himself, if one was to guess, such was the norm in those days. He was Kiprian Račanin's best and the most prolific student in the "Rača School". Venclović was a mystic and a man of excellent ability who spoke several Slavic dialects and languages, including Russian and Polish, and translated from the two languages with ease. He showed signs of the spirit of reform, asserting that the gospels should be translated from Old Church Slavonic into the vernacular (then known as Serbian Slavonic) so that the common people might understand. A century later Đuro Daničić and Vuk Karadžić translated the old Serbian Bible of Vencleviċ into the new reformed language as we know it today.
Literary Work.
Gavrilo Stefanović Venclović's opus is interesting and multifarious. Orations, biographies, church songs, poems, illuminations and illustrations of church books, histories of European peoples and kings, etc. He was familiar with the works of contemporary Russian and Polish theologians of his day. From Russian he translated archbishop Lazar Baranovych's "Mech dukhovny" (The Spiritual Sword), and from Polish he translated "Istorija Barona Cezara, kardinala rimskago." The sway of Old Church Slavonic as the medieval literary language of all the Eastern Orthodox Slavs lasted many centuries. In Russia it obtained until the time of Peter the Great (1672–1725), and among the Serbs until the time of Gavrilo Stefanović Venclović. He translated the bible from Old Slavonic to Old Serbian. Thus the Old Slavonic was relegated only to liturgical purposes. From then on, theology and church oratory and administration were carried on in Slavoserbian, a mixture of Old Slavic (Old Church Slavonic) in its Russian form with a popular Serbian rendering, until Vuk Karadžić came along. He was the first reformer to shake off the remnants of this ancient speech and to institute a phonetic orthography. 
References.
Milorad Pavić: "Gavril Stefanović Venclović", 1980, Belgrade
Jovan Skerlić, "Istorija Nove Srpske Književnosti" / History of New Serbian Literature (Belgrade, 1914, 1921), pages 28 and 29.

</doc>
<doc id="19487315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487315" title="Mario Martínez (footballer)">
Mario Martínez (footballer)

Mario Roberto Martínez Hernández (born 30 July 1989) is a Honduran footballer who plays as a midfielder for Real España in the Liga Nacional de Honduras. Born in San Pedro Sula, Martínez also plays for the Honduran national team.
Club career.
Martínez was spotted by Norwegian scouts during the tournament against Trinidad and Tobago and shortly after went on loan to Norwegian side, Vålerenga. He also travelled to Norway alongside U-20 teammate, Reinieri Mayorquín who went on loan to Aalesund. Martínez made his debut in Tippeligaen when Vålerenga lost 3–4 against Start on 3 May 2009, but were mostly playing for Vålerenga's reserve team in the Second Division. Martínez only got two appearances for Vålerenga, both coming on as a substitute. The same year, Martínez played for Honduras U-20 in the 2009 FIFA U-20 World Cup in Egypt, and was the team's best player in the 3–0 victory against Hungary U-20, where he scored two goals.
In January 2010, he joined the Belgian team RSC Anderlecht on a six-month loan-deal.
On 1 August 2012, Martínez joined MLS club Seattle Sounders FC on loan from Real España. His first training session in Seattle was 17 August 2012. He participated in a reserve league match with the Sounders on 19 August 2012 in a 3–2 win over the Los Angeles Galaxy reserves. His first goal for the Sounders won the Western Conference semi-final match against Real Salt Lake on 8 November 2012.
International career.
Martínez was a part of the Honduras U-23 team that competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. He was the youngest player in the squad, being only 19 years old. On 4 September 2010, Martínez made his debut for the Honduras National Team in a match against El Salvador, where Honduras won 4–3 via penalty shootout due to a 2–2 tie in regular time. He assisted the first goal for Honduras, thus helping his team to the Copa Independencia.

</doc>
<doc id="19487317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487317" title="Libero (newspaper)">
Libero (newspaper)

Libero (known also as Libero Quotidiano) is an Italian newspaper, published in Milan, Italy, founded by the journalist Vittorio Feltri in July 2000 and edited by Maurizio Belpietro since August 2009. The newspaper has a political allegiance to the Italian centre-right and liberalism.
In February 2007 some members of the Red Brigade were arrested on a charge of wanting to fire-bomb the "Libero" editorial offices in Milan.

</doc>
<doc id="19487350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487350" title="Lincoln Seligman">
Lincoln Seligman

Lincoln Seligman (born 1950) is a British artist, best known for his large-scale sculptures and murals displayed at modern landmark buildings worldwide.
Lincoln was born the eldest son of Madron Seligman, (a hereditary industrialist and a pro-European Member of the European Parliament for West Sussex from 1979 to 1984) and his wife, Nancy-Joan. Educ Harrow School, exhibition to Balliol College Oxford to read jurisprudence. Called to the Bar 1973. Witnessed the 1975 Dibbles Bridge coach crash, the UK's worst road accident ever. Became professional painter and sculptor 1980.
Prominent works include "Intervention", above the entrance of the Treatment Centre of the Chelsea and Westminster Hospital in London and many large scale sculptures displayed at Hong Kong Harbor and on the Kowloon peninsula.
Seligman is a member of the Royal British Society of Sculptors.
His major works include sculpture commissions for Schroders, The Prudential, BAA, Battersea Reach, Chelsea Harbour,Broadgate, Swiss Bank.Glaxo Smith Kline
Outside UK: HQ of Cathay Pacific, Hong Kong. MTR Kowloon. SWIRES, Sing Pao Building. East Hotel, Westin Taipei, Royal Caribbean, Phoenix City Beijing for Chinese government.
One man show of painitings at Royal Academy London 2007, sponsored by Standard Chartered Bank. Paintings in collections of Duke of Devonshire, Duke of Roxburghe, Ian Paisley, Royal Palace Riyadh, Chanel, Tiffany, Laurent Perrier, Paul Simon, Flemings, Standard Chartered Bank.
Designed " Bright Young Things " ballet for New English Ballet Theatre with Dutch choreographer Ernst Meisner, premiere July 2012 Peacock Theatre Sadlers Wells London. 
Designs new ballet, 'Kreutzer Sonata", for NEBT gala at Royal Opera House, Covent Garden October 2013. 

</doc>
<doc id="19487354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487354" title="1984 1000 km of Brands Hatch">
1984 1000 km of Brands Hatch

The 1984 British Aerospace 1000 was the fifth round of the 1984 World Endurance Championship. Points were however only awarded in the Drivers Championship, leading to several teams opting to not participate. It took place at Brands Hatch, Great Britain on 29 July 1984.
Official results.
Class winners in bold. Cars failing to complete 75% of the winner's distance marked as Not Classified (NC).
† - The #94 Gild Bard Techspeed Racing Grid-Ford was disqualified after the race for being pushed across the finish line on the final lap of the race.
‡ - The #84 Lyncar Motorsports Ltd. Lyncar-Ford was disqualified after the race for taking too long to complete the final lap of the race.

</doc>
<doc id="19487356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487356" title="Clinical Center of Vojvodina">
Clinical Center of Vojvodina

The Clinical Center of Vojvodina (, ) is a hospital providing tertiary level health care services for the population of Vojvodina, the northern province of Serbia. Clinical Center is located in the capital of Vojvodina, in Novi Sad. The Clinical Center is also the single emergency centre and inpatient hospital for the population of the city of Novi Sad and the region of South Bačka.
The clinics and diagnostic centers within the Clinical Center also represent the main research and education facilities of the University of Novi Sad, Faculty of Medicine and provide specialist trainings for medical graduates.
On December 31, 2007, the Clinical Center holds 1,366 hospital beds, and its staff of 2,738 includes 502 medical doctors, 5 pharmacists, 1,350 nurses and technicians, 34 allied health professionals, 182 administrative and 665 ancillary and maintenance workers.
History.
The Great City Hospital was founded in 1909, and it was comprised departments of surgery, gynecology and obstetrics, dermatology and venereal, and internal and infectious diseases. Later, name of the hospital was changed into "the Main Provincial Hospital" (), with around 400 beds. In 1977, the hospital became a teaching hospital, following the establishment of the Faculty of Medicine within the University of Novi Sad.
The present Clinical Center of Vojvodina was founded by the decision of the Serbian Government in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="19487362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487362" title="Reinieri Mayorquín">
Reinieri Mayorquín

Reinieri Joel Mayorquín Gámez (born 13 July 1989 in San Pedro Sula) is a Honduran football player, who currently plays for C.D. Motagua. He has previously played for Norwegian club Aalesunds FK.
Club career.
Aalesunds FK.
Mayorquín joined Aalesund on a season-long loan-deal in March 2009. He played in the first three cup-matches in the 2009 Norwegian Football Cup, which Aalesund won, and impressed head coach Kjetil Rekdal in the second round tie against Kristiansund BK.
Mayorquín made his debut in Tippeligaen on 1 June 2009, coming off the bench in a 2-1 win at Sandefjord, but Aalesund did not want to use the option to sign him permanently so he returned to Marathón. Mayorquín made four appearances as a substitute in Tippeligaen.
International career.
Mayorquín played at the 2009 FIFA World Youth Championship in Egypt.

</doc>
<doc id="19487379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487379" title="Oldenburgisches Staatstheater">
Oldenburgisches Staatstheater

The Oldenburgisches Staatstheater (Oldenburg State Theatre) is a German theater in the city of Oldenburg, Lower Saxony.
Beginnings.
The theatre was first opened in the times of the Grand Duchy of Oldenburg, on 1 February 1833. At that time it was a wooden structure built by local master carpenter Herman Wilhelm Muck, who also owned the building. Founder and first director of the theatre was Carl Christian Ludwig Starklof (1789–1850), a lawyer and writer who served as a privy councilor in Oldenburg. Also involved was actor Johann Christian Gerber (1785–1850) who had previously directed a theatre in the neighbouring city of Bremen. The founding was supported by Grand Duchess Cecilia (1807–1844). The theatre was named "Großherzogliches Hoftheater" (Grand Ducal Court Theatre) in 1842.
The wooden building was given up in 1881 when the theatre moved into the more imposing new Renaissance-style stone building designed by court architect Gerhard Schnitger. It was built next to the old structure.
Only ten years later, in November 1891, the new building burnt to the ground after a fire accident. The theatre company continued to work in a temporary wood building nearby while the destroyed venue was rebuilt under the supervision of Oldenburg court architect Franz Noack and Paul Moritz Zimmer, an architect from Chemnitz. The reconstruction adhered to Gerhard Schnitger’s original design, but modifications were made to replace gas lighting with electrical lighting. A large dome roof was added in order to accommodate a water tank above the stage area – an important fire protection measure at the time. Workshop space was expanded. The interior walls and ceilings were lavishly decorated with baroque-style mouldings, wall sculptures, frescoes. The new electrical lighting was integrated into the decoration. The theatre then reopened in October 1893.
References.
Notes
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="19487400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487400" title="Not Forgotten (TV)">
Not Forgotten (TV)

Not Forgotten is a British television documentary series made by Wall to Wall for Channel 4. The series examines the impact on British society of the First World War. It is written and presented by Ian Hislop. The series' tie-in website was nominated for a BAFTA Award for Best Interactivity in 2006.
The original series comprised four episodes, broadcast in November and December 2005:
A tie-in book, "Not Forgotten", written by Neil Oliver, was published by Hodder & Stoughton.
Three additional episodes were subsequently produced:

</doc>
<doc id="19487410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487410" title="Syvalion">
Syvalion

It was re-released for the PlayStation 2 as a part of "Taito Legends 2" in 2006.
Trivia.
In the Taito game Darius Burst the boss named Dark Helios changes form and appears to be the metal dragon.

</doc>
<doc id="19487423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487423" title="Mauricio Donoso">
Mauricio Donoso

Mauricio Alejandro Donoso Pérez (born April 30, 1976 in Chile, Chile) is a Chilean footballer who plays as Attacking midfielder for Deportivo Quito in Ecuador's Primera A.
Career.
He has performed at Cobreloa, Universidad de Chile, Colo-Colo, Everton, Antofagasta in Chile, and Pumas of UNAM in Mexico.
International career.
Donoso was involved in the senior Chile national team setup in 1999, and has represented his country at senior level.

</doc>
<doc id="19487430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487430" title="HSC-12">
HSC-12

Helicopter Sea Combat Squadron 12 (HSC-12) "Golden Falcons" is a United States Navy helicopter squadron based at Naval Air Facility Atsugi, in Japan. The "Golden Falcons" are attached to Carrier Air Wing Five with the aircraft carrier .
In early 2009, HS-2 "Golden Falcons" transitioned to MH-60S and re-designated as HSC-12.
Command History.
Helicopter Anti-Submarine Squadron Two was established on March 7, 1952 as the first Anti-Submarine Warfare (ASW) helicopter squadron on the West Coast, flying the HRS-2. Initially used in small detachments, the first deployment as an entire squadron was made in 1957 when the world famous "Golden Falcons," flying the HSS-1, embarked aboard the aircraft carrier . At this time, the squadron was manned by 258 enlisted and 39 officers to fly and maintain 17 aircraft. Since that time, the squadron has deployed on nine other carriers and currently with Carrier Air Wing Two (CVW-2) aboard with 190 enlisted, 22 officers and seven Sikorsky H-60 helicopters.
1960s.
In addition to being the first HS squadron on the West Coast, the squadron boasts a long list of first and unique achievements which attest to the professional caliber and dedication of its officers and men. HS-2 was the first ASW helicopter squadron to make a deployment with the Sikorsky SH-3A Sea King, the Navy’s first turbine powered all-weather ASW helicopter. HS-2 was also the first H-3 squadron to operationally employ Helicopter In-flight Refueling (HIFR’s) at night. In November 1965, an HS-2 SH-3A performed the longest operational flight at the time. The aircraft remained airborne for eleven hours and eighteen minutes on a search and rescue mission in the Gulf of Tonkin with the help of four HIFR’s three of which were at night.
Other technical innovations by "Golden Falcons" include the pioneering of submarine detection capabilities with the introduction of the SH-3D in 1967 as a multi-sensor ASW platform. In addition to the Bendix AQS-13B sonar, Magnetic Anomaly Detector (MAD) and Multi-Channel Jezebel Relay (MCJR) active sonobuoy systems were added to the aircraft, the latter providing the carrier with sonobuoy monitoring capability. In 1980 the squadron became the first West Coast unit to deploy with new tactical navigation (TACNAV) equipped SH-3D/H helicopters.
HS-2 performed the first night rescue in North Vietnam in 1965. In 1966 HS-2 participated in the Apollo Saturn 202 spaceshot recovery program, and was responsible for ten overland and five coastal rescues of pilots in North Vietnam during 1967. The "Golden Falcons" provided relief support to snowbound Indians in Arizona over the Christmas holidays of 1967, airlifting fifteen tons of food supplies, flying 292 "Mercy Missions" and performing 37 medical evacuations. The squadron also lost Edward Robert Dorsey and Johnnie Lee Frazier.
1968-1969 WestPac Tour of Duty
TASK FORCE 71
On 14 April 1969 North Korean aircraft shot down an unarmed EC-121 propeller-driven Constellation which was on a routine reconnaissance patrol over the Sea of Japan from its base at Atsugi, Japan. The entire 31-man crew was killed. U.S. response was to activate Task Force 71 to protect such flights over those international waters in the future. Initially, the Task Force consisted of the carrier's USS Enterprise, USS Ticonderoga, USS Ranger and USS Hornet with a screen of three cruisers and twenty-two destroyers, five submarines, two hundred planes, and the USS New Jersey, the worlds only operative battleship.
Task Force 71 became America's strongest show of military might; since the Korean War and 
largest Task Force since World War II. President Nixon gave sailing orders to Task Force 71, a forty ship armada assigned the task of protecting future reconnaissance flight near North Korea.
However, the crisis abated and on April 24, 1969, Task Force 71 (TF-71) was redeployed from the Sea Of Japan to the Yellow Sea, then two days later disbanded and the ships returned to the Gulf Of Tonkin as well as other previous duty assignments.
USS Hornet CVS-12
16 Apr 1969 - First carrier to arrive in Sea of Japan following North Korean shoot down of unarmed Navy EC-121 reconnaissance aircraft. The ship was relocated from the war zone off North Viet Nam called Yankee Station. HS-2 was the lone Helicopter Squadron on board.
Helicopter Anti-Submarine Squadron Two "Golden Falcons"
1968-1969 Western Pacific Deployment
One aircraft sank at sea during recovery with crane. One aircraft shot up but made it back to ship. 
No loss of life.
Awards
Armed Forces Expeditionary Medal: Korea
April 1969 Task Force 71
U.S. Navy Meritorious Unit Commendation
Viet Nam – Task Force 71 1968-69 
Republic of Vietnam Campaign Medal
1968-69
Vietnam Service Medal
Two Bronze Campaign Stars
Vietnam Counteroffensive, Phase VI from 1968-11-02 to 1969 02-22
Tet 1969 Counteroffensive from 1969-02-23 to 1969-06-08 
HISTORY & FIRSTS
Helicopter Anti-Submarine Squadron TWO was established on 7 March 1952 as the first Anti-Submarine Warfare (ASW) helicopter squadron on the West Coast, flying the HRS-2. Initially used in small detachments, the first deployment as an entire squadron was made in 1957 when the world famous "Golden Falcons," flying the HSS-1, embarked aboard the aircraft carrier USS PHILIPPINE SEA (CVA-47). At this time, the squadron was manned by 258 enlisted and 39 officers to fly and maintain 17 aircraft. Since that time, the squadron has deployed on eight other carriers including USS YORKTOWN (CVS-10), USS HORNET (CVA-12), USS INDEPENDENCE (CV-62), USS TICONDEROGA (CVS-14), USS ENTERPRISE (CVN-65), USS RANGER (CV-61), USS KITTY HAWK (CV-63), USS NIMITZ (CV-68) and USS CONSTELLATION (CV-64). 
In addition to being the first HS squadron on the West Coast, the squadron boasts a long list of first and unique achievements which attest to the professional caliber and dedication of its officers and men. HS-2 was the first ASW helicopter squadron to make a deployment with the Sikorsky SH-3A Sea King, the Navy’s first turbine powered all-weather ASW helicopter. HS-2 was also the first H-3 squadron to operationally employ Helicopter In-flight Refueling (HIFR’s) at night. In November 1965, an HS-2 SH-3A performed the longest operational flight at the time. The aircraft remained airborne for eleven hours and eighteen minutes on a search and rescue mission in the Gulf of Tonkin with the help of four HIFR’s three of which were at night. 
The Sikorsky S-61 amphibious transport helicopter was initially developed for the US Navy, entering service as the HSS-2 (later redesignated as the SH-3A). 
On 6 March 1965, a Sikorsky SH-3A Sea King helicopter, piloted by Cmdr. James R. Williford, took off from USS Hornet (CVS 12) berthed at North Island Naval Air Station, San Diego, and landed 15 hours and 51 minutes later on the deck of Franklin D. Roosevelt at sea off Mayport, Fla. The flight surpassed the existing distance for helicopters by more than 700 miles. 
The SH-3H helicopter was manufactured by Sikorsky Aircraft Corporation and designed to detect, identify, track and destroy enemy submarines. As an antisubmarine platform the H-3 is equipped with a dipping sonar and armed with Mark 46 torpedoes. The SH-3D Sea King was a standard antisubmarine helicopter of the US Navy. The Sea King is also capable of providing logistics support to the fleet and performing search and rescue operations. One hundred and five SH-3As were converted to utility duties by removing antisubmarine warfare equipment and adding a minigun for protection in combat search and rescue missions. The first version of this workhorse anti-submarine warfare helicopter was flown in 1960.
1970s.
In 1970, HS-2 was the first helicopter squadron to travel across the United States for deployment on a ship from the other coast. In that year, the squadron participated in operations with U.S. Forces responding to the Jordanian Crisis. HS-2 was directed to prepare to go into Amman, Jordan and also provide Combat Search and Rescue (CSAR) for the Battle Group. It was during the same year that the American flag was painted on the helicopters. The flag was painted on the aircraft overnight so the helicopter could be distinguished from the Israeli H-3’s, which might also be operating in the combat zone. To commemorate the event, the Chief of Naval Operations authorized the American flag to become a permanent part of HS-2’s paint scheme. As a result of its superior performance during that period, the squadron was awarded the Navy Unit Commendation.
Following the cease-fire agreement in 1972, HS-2 became the first U.S. Naval air unit to fly into North Vietnam, providing transportation to and from Haiphong for the negotiating team. In 1974 the squadron provided relief assistance to the cyclone devastated island of Mauritius.
The 1976 deployment aboard was the first Western Pacific deployment for the Navy’s modern CV concept. Along with the S-3A Viking and an on board Tactical Support Center (TSC), HS-2 contributed to the refinement and success of modern day ASW tactics. In the fall of 1979, HS-2 was chosen to participate in amphibious operations with a multi-nation task force. The squadron deployed aboard and again proved the value of helicopter ASW. HS-2 earned the Humanitarian Service Medal in 1980 for its participation in the rescue of three groups of Vietnamese refugees. In 1984, HS-2 provided the first damage assessments following the collision of a Soviet Victor submarine with .
1990s.
HS-2 led the way in modern Carrier Airborne Anti-Submarine Warfare by transitioning to the SH-60F "Seahawk," the newest and most capable rotary wing ASW weapon system in today’s Navy. HS-2 was also the first active duty HS squadron to fully incorporate the Combat Search and Rescue mission, having received two new HH-60H aircraft in November 1990. Additionally, HS-2 was the first HS squadron to deploy with the FLIR/Hellfire weapons system.
2000s.
HS-2 is currently attached to the USS Abraham Lincoln where it provides support to both the airwing and fleet ships. During 2005 the command provided relief support to the citizens of Indonesia devastated by a tsunami due to an earthquake off the coast of Sumatra, Indonesia on December 26th 2004. Flying the SH-60F and HH-60H, there were 231 medevacs of displaced refugees, 475,000lbs of disaster relief cargo delivered, and 1010.9hrs flown in a 31 day period. 10,000 lives were saved in the first ten days. 
On the 6th of August 2009, the "Golden Falcons" transitioned to the MH-60S helicopter and re-designated as HSC-12.

</doc>
<doc id="19487432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487432" title="World's Toughest Fixes">
World's Toughest Fixes

"World's Toughest Fixes" is an American reality series that premiered on the National Geographic Channel on September 28, 2008. It features Sean Riley participating in various "tough fixes"; repairs and renovations done on equipment that is very large or dangerous. Riley is an expert in heavy duty rigging and load bearing, and works with other specialized engineers to tackle these uniquely difficult jobs. A first season aired 8 episodes beginning on September 26, 2008. A second season aired 8 episodes beginning on June 4, 2009. A third season of 7 episodes aired beginning May 6, 2010. A fourth season aired beginning September 30, 2010. The first season DVD contains 10 episodes, 2 of which aired in season 2. The second season DVD contains 11 episodes, 5 of which aired in season 3.

</doc>
<doc id="19487453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487453" title="Armand Robin">
Armand Robin

Armand Robin (January 19, 1912 – March 30, 1961) was a French poet, translator, and journalist. 
Life.
Robin was born in Plouguernével by Rostrenen (Côtes-d'Armor) and came to Paris. He was unable to settle down for all his life. He traveled to USSR in 1934, and returned shocked by the reality of communism. During the German occupation of France during World War II he worked in radio broadcasting foreign news. 
Robin continued his language studies so that he understood twenty-six languages. He translated works from English (Shakespeare), Russian (Yesenin, Blok, Pasternak), Hungarian (Ady), Polish (Mickiewicz), Italian (Ungaretti), Chinese (Tu Fu), Flemish, Finnish, German, Arabic, Spanish, Kalmyk, etc. 
He joined the French Anarchist Federation in 1945, which published his "Poèmes indésirables" (Undesirable Poems). He authored "La fausse parole" (The False Word), which dissected the mechanisms of propaganda in the totalitarian countries.
On March 27, 1961, Robin was arrested because he had no identity document, and died three days later under mysterious circumstances in a Parisian hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="19487459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487459" title="Fitness (magazine)">
Fitness (magazine)

Fitness is a United States-based women's magazine, focusing on health, exercise, and nutrition. It is owned and published by the Meredith Corporation and is published ten times per year. The editor-in-chief of "Fitness" is Betty Wong.
History.
"Fitness" was launched in 1992, and was acquired by the Meredith Corporation from Bertelsmann's Gruner + Jahr in 2005. In 2005, "Fitness" also launched its web presence, giving readers separate online resources for fitness and health tips alongside the magazine's monthly editorial content. Betty Wong became Editor-in-Chief in September 2008, incorporating several changes to the magazine, creating several new columns and features. In 2009, "Fitness" posted significant ad page gains according to the Publishers Information Bureau, increasing by 18.4% when overall magazine publishers' counts were down 27.9% industry-wide. It was recognized for several awards, having been awarded "Most Improved Publication" and best "How-To/Instructional" feature in minOnline's Editorial and Design Awards.
Features.
"Fitness" editorial content centers largely on exercise, nutrition, health, and beauty. "Fitness" also conducts several real-world fitness and health-themed events to promote its brand and raise money for charity, including the Mind, Body, Spirit Games and a half-marathon in conjunction with fellow Meredith publication "More" magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="19487469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487469" title="Symbiotic nova">
Symbiotic nova

Symbiotic novae are slow irregular eruptive variable stars with very slow nova-like outbursts with an amplitude of between 9 and 11 magnitudes. The symbiotic nova remains at maximum for one or a few decades, and then declines towards its original luminosity. Variables of this type are double star systems with one red giant, which probably is a mira variable, and one white dwarf, with markedly contrasting spectra and whose proximity and mass characteristics indicate it as a symbiotic star. The red giant fills its Roche lobe so that matter is transferred to the white dwarf and accumulates until a nova-like outburst occurs, caused by ignition of thermonuclear fusion. The temperature at maximum is estimated to rise up to 200,000 K, similar to the energy source of novae, but dissimilar to the dwarf novae. The slow luminosity increase would then be simply due to time needed for growth of the ionization front in the outburst.
It is believed that the white dwarf component of a symbiotic nova remains below the Chandrasekhar limit, so that it remains a white dwarf after its outburst.
One example of a symbiotic nova is V1016 Cygni, whose outburst in 1971–2007 clearly indicated a thermonuclear explosion. Other examples are HM Sagittae and RR Telescopii.

</doc>
<doc id="19487471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487471" title="Kendu pipe">
Kendu pipe

The Kendu pipe is a diatreme associated with the Birch Mountains kimberlite field in northern Alberta, Canada. It is thought to have formed about 75 million years ago when this part of Alberta was volcanically active during the Late Cretaceous period.

</doc>
<doc id="19487474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487474" title="Saltersgill">
Saltersgill

Saltersgill is a residential area of Middlesbrough, North Yorkshire, England, located within the Beechwood Ward.
Local Amenities.
The local shops are located along Saltersgill avenue. These include takeaway restaurants, a bakers, a betting shop and convenience stores including a Sainsbury's local. Also located on this road is the local pub The Saltersgill. Between Saltersgill and Easterside the Saltersgill playing fields. These facilities are also used and maintained by the University of Teesside.
Schools.
Prince Bishop School - Secondary school that teaches students with emotional, behavioural and social difficulties.
Beverley School - A specialist technology School for pupils with Autism aged 3-19 years.
Trinity Catholic College - Catholic school and college for pupils aged 4-19.

</doc>
<doc id="19487481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487481" title="Bullnettle">
Bullnettle

Bullnettle (also written "Bull nettle", "Bull Nettle" or "bull-nettle") is a common name for several plants and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19487484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487484" title="Tread softly">
Tread softly

Tread softly or tread-softly may refer to:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="19487488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487488" title="Nuri (name)">
Nuri (name)

Nuri (also spelled Nouri or Noori, , ) is a name which may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19487511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487511" title="Appledore II (schooner)">
Appledore II (schooner)

Appledore II is a traditional two-masted wooden schooner, currently privately owned and operated out of Camden, Maine and Key West, Florida.
Construction.
"Appledore II" is gaff rigged on both her masts, with a hull speed of 10.5 knots and a length of overall.
Maiden Voyage.
Her maiden voyage was an 18-month circumnavigation, which commenced in November 1978 from Portsmouth, New Hampshire and concluded there after the "Appledore II" visited many ports of call around the world. This voyage has been chronicled in two books, "Dreams of Natural Places, A New England Schooner Odyssey" and "Sailing Three Oceans", both authored by Herbert Smith.
Today.
Since that time, "Appledore II" has sailed extensively throughout the Caribbean, conducting educational and private tourism. For a number of years she served as the Semester At Sea vessel for marine biology majors from South Hampton University. For the past 20 years she has been offering day sails from her home ports of Camden, Maine and Key West, Florida. Twice a year, "Appledore II" makes a offshore voyage between these destinations. As a prime example of a historical wooden schooner, the "Appledore II" is regularly featured in books, movies, advertisements, and post cards evoking traditional coastal Maine sailing. The "Appledore II" regularly participates in the Key West Wrecker's Cup Race (a regatta she has won on numerous occasions) and is a mainstay of the annual 'Windjammer Weekend' in Camden, Maine.

</doc>
<doc id="19487517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487517" title="Architect Africa Film Festival">
Architect Africa Film Festival

The Architect Africa Film Festival (AAFF) is a bi-annual architectural event held in South Africa by the Architects Collective of South Africa. For the duration of three weeks, the Architect Africa Film Festival travels to Johannesburg, Durban, Cape Town, Bloemfontein and Port Elizabeth where up to 25 international and local films featuring the built environment are screened to the public at central cinema complexes. This becomes the core event around which many additional activities take place, including two student competitions – the Tripod Architecture Photography Competition and the Moving Spaces Film Competition. The festival is hosted every two years - the next one is scheduled for 2012.
Films.
The Architect Africa Film Festival screens films about built environments or urban landscapes or anything to do with modern city life. The films vary in length from short films to feature length. The films can be documentaries or fictional narratives. All of the films have something to say about cities and architecture and are sourced from all over the world.
Some of the films screened at previous festivals include: The Fountainhead, Metropolis, City of God, The Belly of an Architect, The 11th Hour, My Architect, The Garden, and Marina of the Zabbaleen. Many of the films are award winning and inspire the many people who attend the festival.
Collaborative origin.
In 2006 the AAC formulated a plan for the creation of a registered integral collective which would be representative and controlled by the Architectural Profession in South Africa and charged with the organisational and administrative functions required to host a premier national event.
A formal non-profit organisation was registered in 2007 under the name of Architects Collective of South Africa (Reg.No. 2007/007763/08). The first Festival with associated exhibitions was held in September 2007 in Johannesburg, Cape Town and Durban.
From the outset the Festival received the committed support of the South African Council for the Architectural Profession, the South African Institute of Architects and a number of architectural practices and organisations. This has ensured its success and growth. The Architect Africa Film Festival is held over three weeks in Johannesburg, Durban, Cape Town, Bloemfontein and Port Elizabeth, usually between the months of September and October.
History.
The first Architect Africa Film Festival (2007) was held, and acclaimed, in South Africa’s three major centres in August and September 2007. The success of the first Festival, and the generous support of sponsors, enabled the Festival 2008 to take place in five cities – Johannesburg, Durban, Cape Town, Bloemfontein and Port Elizabeth – making it a truly national event.
In September 2009, the Architects’ Collective was invited to host Architect Africa Film Screenings at the Architecture Student Congress/African Perspectives Conference at the University of Pretoria. The event was used to launch the winning films from the Moving Spaces Student Film Competition. 
As a result of this collaboration, the Collective was approached to host smaller events on behalf of the regional institutes of architecture. In October 2009, Architect Africa Film Screenings were held at the 50th Anniversary Celebration of the John Moffat building, School of Architecture & Planning, at the University of the Witwatersrand.
2010 saw the Architects' Collective host their third and biggest film festival yet. Screenings were hosted again in the five major cities and included the first major public screenings of the Moving Space student films from 2009 and 2010. Alongside the film screenings the best photographs from the Tripod Photography competition were exhibited.
In addition, during the Johannesburg leg the Architects' Collective hosted a special screening at the Bus Factory as part of the AZA2010 festival. The Architects’ Collective continues to grow its recognition as a major player in the architecture and film festival communities.

</doc>
<doc id="19487524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487524" title="USS West Corum (ID-3982)">
USS West Corum (ID-3982)

USS "West Corum" (ID-3982) was a cargo ship for the United States Navy in 1919. The ship was built as SS "West Corum" and reverted to that name at the end of her Navy service. During World War II, the ship was United States Army transport ship USAT "West Corum, later renamed to Will H. Point (sometimes listed as William H. Point").
SS "West Corum" was a steam-powered ship built for the as part of the "West" boats, a series of steel-hulled cargo ships built on the West Coast of the United States for the World War I war effort. She was the 13th ship built by Columbia River Shipbuilding Company in Portland, Oregon. She was commissioned into the of the United States Navy in January 1919. After one overseas trips for the Navy, she was decommissioned in May 1919 and returned to the .
Early in her civilian career, she sailed between New York City and Bordeaux, but later shifted to sailing to Antwerp. For most of the 1920s, "West Corum" sailed to Argentine ports. By 1939, "West Corum" had been laid up in New Orleans. In 1940, she was reconditioned, transferred to the United States Army, and renamed USAT "Will H. Point". During World War II, the ship sailed primarily in the Pacific Ocean, calling at ports in Australia, Alaska, and the U.S. West Coast. "Will H. Point" was laid up in the reserve fleet in Astoria, Oregon, in January 1947 and sold for scrapping in July of that same year.
U.S. Navy career.
Upon completion of "West Corum" in February 1919, three months after the end of fighting in World War I, she was handed over to the United States Navy for use in the on 10 February. She was commissioned as USS "West Corum" (ID-3982) the same day with Lieutenant Commander Alfred G. Thompson, USNRF, in command.
"West Corum" took on a load of wheat flour and sailed on 24 February for the East Coast. After transiting the Panama Canal, she arrived at Norfolk, Virginia, on 19 March. Sailing soon after, she headed for Constantinople, Turkey, where she delivered her cargo on 18 April. On 1 May, "West Corum" set out from Constantinople for the United States via Gibraltar. She arrived in Norfolk on 6 June and was decommissioned three days later and returned to the .
Civilian career.
Many details of "West Corum"s post-Navy career are unknown, but mentions in shipping reports in contemporary newspapers offer hints at her activities. "The New York Times" reports on "West Corum"s impending arrival from Bordeaux in October 1919, and from Antwerp in May and August 1920. By November 1920, "West Corum" had apparently begun sailing to Argentine ports.
Most newspaper mentions of "West Corum" do not report what sorts of cargo she carried, but a January 1922 Associated Press story in "The Christian Science Monitor" reveals her cargo for one voyage from Argentina. In what the news item said was the first full load of cargo leaving Buenos Aires in nearly a year, "West Corum" carried 107,000 animal hides, estimated to be enough for 1,000,000 pairs of shoes, along with consignments of wool and linseed. The ship continued calling at Buenos Aires and Santa Fe, Argentina, as late as 1927, but by 1939, "West Corum" had been laid up in a reserve fleet at New Orleans.
World War II.
In June 1940, the opened bidding for the reconditioning of ten laid up cargo ships, which included "West Corum". According to the "Los Angeles Times", the , a successor to the , was forced to act because of a "critical shortage" of U.S. Navy auxiliary ships. Though there is no specific information available regarding "West Corum", the cost of reconditioning "West Honaker", another of the laid up "West" boats, was $77,777. In November, "West Corum" was one of different group of ten ships taken up by the United States Army for defense service.
The ship's movements under Army control are largely unknown, but in January 1941, "The New York Times" reported that USAT "West Corum" had arrived in New York from Puerto Rico. Between February and March 1941, the ship was renamed USAT "Will H. Point" (though some sources indicate "William H. Point" instead) in honor of a former officer in the Quartermaster Corps.
Some other destinations for "Will H. Point" during her Army service are known. On 15 June 1941, the ship became the first ship to dock at the newly completed port facilities at Anchorage, Alaska. From September 1943 to January 1944, "Will H. Point" sailed between ports in Australia and New Guinea. Sailing mostly in convoys, "Will H. Point" visited Gladstone, Brisbane, Caloundra, Townsville, and Milne Bay.
After the war's end, "Will H. Point" is listed in the "Chicago Daily Tribune" as returning 11 U.S. Army personnel from Pearl Harbor to San Francisco in July 1946. The following January, "Will H. Point" entered the at Astoria, Oregon, and was withdrawn for scrapping in August.

</doc>
<doc id="19487532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487532" title="Yiorgo Moutsiaras">
Yiorgo Moutsiaras

Yiorgo Moutsiaras (; born 1976) is a Greek orchestral conductor living in Delft since October 2005. He is conducting the "Filharmonisch Orkest ’s-Hertogenbosch" -an orchestra in 's-Hertogenbosch, the Netherlands.
Life.
Moutsiaras was born in Volos, Greece as son of Kostas Moutsiaras and Virginia Barouta-
Moutsiara. He visited schools in Greece successfully and studied piano and theory of music from 1983 until 1999. During serving his military service in the Greek Air Force he was a member of the 114th and 111th Combat Wings military orchestras. 
Works.
Yiorgo Moutsiaras is rumored to be currently in a project of rearranging, exclusive for classic orchestra, Greek traditional music (rembetika) like Tsitsanis, since 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19487557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487557" title="My Story (Puffy AmiYumi song)">
My Story (Puffy AmiYumi song)

A limited edition of the single was released along with the regular edition. The limited edition features a different cover and contains an extra live DVD showing footage of 4 songs from Puffy's 2007 honeysweeper tour at SHIBUYA-AX.
Track listing.
CD Single.
1. マイストーリー (My Story)
<br>2. Twilight Shooting Star!
<br>3. All Because Of You (DISCO TWINS Remix)
CD Single.
1. マイストーリー (My Story)
<br>2. Twilight Shooting Star!
<br>3. All Because Of You (DISCO TWINS Remix)
DVD.
1. サヨナラサマー (Sayonara Samaa/So Long, Summer)
<br>2. オリエンタル・ダイヤモンド (Oriental Diamond)
<br>3. 赤いブランコ (Akai Buranko/Red Swing)
<br>4. 渚にまつわるエトセトラ (Nagisa ni Matsuwaru Et Cetera/Electric Beach Fever)

</doc>
<doc id="19487585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487585" title="2009 Abu Dhabi Grand Prix">
2009 Abu Dhabi Grand Prix

The 2009 Abu Dhabi Grand Prix (formally the I Etihad Airways Abu Dhabi Grand Prix) was the seventeenth and final Formula One motor race of the 2009 Formula One season. It took place on November 1, 2009 at the 3.45-mile Hermann Tilke-designed Yas Marina Circuit. It was the inaugural Abu Dhabi Grand Prix and also the first ever day-night Grand Prix (starting at 17:00, with sunset at 17:43 on raceday). The race was won by Sebastian Vettel for Red Bull, with polesitter Lewis Hamilton (driving for McLaren) having retired due to a brake failure.
Report.
Background.
Jenson Button had secured the title of World Champion in Brazil, but only two points separated the second-placed and third-placed Sebastian Vettel and Rubens Barrichello. Likewise Brawn GP were declared Constructors' Champions in Brazil with Red Bull second, but third position overall was still undecided between McLaren and Ferrari.
This would be the last race in Formula One for Kimi Räikkönen at Ferrari (replaced by Fernando Alonso for 2010), for Nico Rosberg at Williams, and for Robert Kubica (replacing Alonso at Renault in 2010) at BMW Sauber and Toyota. This would be the last race for Nick Heidfeld until the 2010 Singapore Grand Prix.
As in Brazil, Kamui Kobayashi continued to race for Toyota as Timo Glock was ruled out after he was injured in a crash at the Japanese Grand Prix during qualifying.
Practice.
In keeping with FIA regulations that state the practice and qualifying sessions must be run under the same conditions as the race, the practice sessions were run in the late afternoon and early evening so as to simulate the transition between day and night.
The sessions were dominated by the McLaren team, with Lewis Hamilton spending most of his time on or near the very top of the timing sheets He set the early standard in the first session, producing a fastest lap of 1:43.939. Team-mate Heikki Kovalainen struggled initially, but eventually set the fastest time of the second session – 1:41.307, two-tenths of a second faster than team-mate Hamilton. – and retained his pace in the third.
At Ferrari, both Kimi Räikkönen and Giancarlo Fisichella struggled, spending most of the weekend at the bottom of the timing sheets, though a pair of last-minute one-lap charges by Räikkönen saved the team from total embarrassment. Fisichella was less than impressed with Yas Marina's underground pit exit, claiming it was both very difficult and dangerous, despite it remaining incident-free.
Robert Kubica stopped on the circuit halfway through the second practice session with a suspected engine failure. The Pole, down to the last of his eight racing engines, was running with a used engine at the time, thus preventing the need for him to take a grid penalty. Nick Heidfeld spent most of the sessions at the tail end – at one point unable to explain why he was over two seconds slower than Kubica – until his final runs in the last session, which elevated him into the top ten.
Like Ferrari, Renault struggled all weekend. Unlike Ferrari, neither Fernando Alonso or Romain Grosjean were able to do much about it, simply unable to find speed around the circuit. Alonso, however commented that the Yas Marina circuit was enjoyable, stating that there was always something to do.
Kamui Kobayashi continued to impress in what was only his second outing for Toyota, frequently out-pacing team-mate Jarno Trulli, and at one point setting the third-fastest lap time. However, Kobayashi's program for the weekend consisted mostly of doing dummy qualifying runs, while Trulli was focusing on pace over an extended period, meaning the difference between the two drivers was not as great as it appeared to be.
The Toro Rosso drivers continued their trend of being the very first out in the early sessions. Sébastien Buemi demonstrated that his pace in Japan and Brazil was no one-off, and he spent most of the practice sessions near the top of the timing sheets and was the first person to break the 1:40.000 barrier in the third practice session. Jaime Alguersuari was less receptive to the circuit than others and was over-shadowed by his team mate until a hydraulics problem sidelined him for the duration of the third session.
Red Bull drivers Mark Webber and Sebastian Vettel also had strong sessions, hinting at a pace that would eventually show itself in qualifying. After Hamilton set a time a second faster than anyone else in the third session, it was Vettel who led the rest of the field in making up the gap, however both drivers would finish outside the top ten.
Williams' Nico Rosberg echoed Alonso's sentiments that he liked the circuit, stating that every corner was 'unique'. However, both he and team-mate Kazuki Nakajima had an inconsistent weekend, alternating between the bottom end of the top ten and running as low as fifteenth.
Force India's Adrian Sutil commented that he preferred Abu Dhabi over Marina Bay in Singapore as it was easier to see around the Yas Marina circuit. After being limited by brake problems early in the first session, he eventually took to the circuit. Like team mate Vitantonio Liuzzi, his occasional bursts of speed were soon overrun by the other drivers.
Jenson Button spent most of first practice exchanging blows with Hamilton, responding to each of Hamilton's fastest laps with one of his own. The trend continued into the third session with Button prevailing, setting a 1:40.625, two-thousandths of a second quicker than Hamilton. Rubens Barrichello had a relatively anonymous string of practice sessions, finishng within the top ten on each occasion, but never quite having the pace of his team-mate.
Qualifying.
Lewis Hamilton was the fastest in the first qualifying session, becoming the first man to set a lap time of less than 1:40.000 with a 1:39.873. Fellow Briton Jenson Button was the only other driver who came close, with his best lap time half a second slower than Hamilton. For the third race of the season – after Luca Badoer in Valencia and Spa – a Ferrari qualified in twentieth and last place, with Giancarlo Fisichella finishing one second behind Kimi Räikkönen and two behind Hamilton. Joining Fisichella in an early elimination were the Force Indias of Adrian Sutil and Vitantonio Liuzzi and the Renaults of Fernando Alonso and Romain Grosjean after Jaime Alguersuari relegated Alonso to fifteenth place in the final few minutes of the first session.
Hamilton once again topped the second session with another lap time under 1:40.000, though this time Sebastian Vettel was able to break the same barrier as well, the only other person to do so all weekend. By the time the second session had come around, night was falling over the circuit, and with it the track temperature dropped. Despite the cars carrying less fuel in the second session, the difference in lap times between Q1 and Q2 was noticeably smaller than at other races, with many of the drivers struggling to improve upon their first-session times. Heikki Kovalainen came to a halt on the circuit with a gearbox failure, which would afford him a five-place penalty for the race. Elsewhere, the second Ferrari of Kimi Räikkönen was eliminated, as were Jaime Alguersuari and Kazuki Nakajima. Kamui Kobayashi was also eliminated after qualifying twelfth, just one place behind his starting position in Brazil.
The third session was unique in that once the drivers left the pits, they stayed out for the duration; in previous races, they have gone out once at the start and once at the end, or simply waited until the final few minutes to set a time. This was attributed to the tyres, as it took several laps for the drivers to get either compound up to a working temperature. Lewis Hamilton remained in the pits while the other nine took to the circuit. The lap times started falling as the drivers did several laps, with Jenson Button and Jarno Trulli exchanging lap times before Hamilton emerged and took the provisional pole. Sebastian Vettel and Mark Webber both went faster, only for Hamilton to secure a front-row berth on his final lap with a 1:40.948 and leaving Vettel and Webber second and third respectively. Rubens Barrichello slotted into fourth, while Button edged out Trulli for fifth. The BMW Saubers of Robert Kubica and Nick Heidfeld took seventh and eighth, followed by the Williams of Nico Rosberg in his final race for the Grove-based team, and Sébastien Buemi taking tenth on his twenty-first birthday.
Race.
Sebastian Vettel and Mark Webber gave Red Bull their fourth one-two finish of the season, with Vettel finishing seventeen seconds ahead of his team mate.
Lewis Hamilton led the race from the start, but did not open a singularly impressive lead as was expected, and Vettel stayed within a few seconds of him during the early phase of the race. There was contact between Rubens Barrichello and Webber in the first corner, with Barrichello losing a part of his front wing, which hurt his pace to begin with. The first lap was otherwise clean.
Vettel leap-frogged Hamilton during the first round of stops before the McLaren pit wall reported that Hamilton had a problem with his right-rear brake. Hamilton was forced to retire the car after eighteen laps, as it was unsafe to continue given that the circuit contained three very large braking areas. It was briefly suggested that the problem may have been a faulty data logger that was showing a problem, but McLaren was still obliged to retire the car. The only other retirement of the race was Jaime Alguersuari during the pit stops. His in-lap had been slow and he made the mistake of pulling up in the Red Bull pit instead of the Toro Rosso garages. With Sebastian Vettel due in that lap, Red Bull were forced to send him back out. Alguersuari later claimed that when he was ready for the stop, his team were not. The Red Bull and Toro Rosso garages were located next to one another, with the pit crews in similar uniforms. Alguersuari retired when he returned to the circuit.
From there, the race remained relatively incident-free. Jenson Button exited from his stop to find the Toyota of Kamui Kobayashi, who was running on a one-stop strategy. Button, in a heavier car and with tyres that would take several laps to break in, was powerless to stop Kobayashi from simply driving around the outside of him at the giant hairpin at one end of the circuit. Kobayashi would run as high as third during the race before his stop, and would ultimately finish sixth, collecting three World Championship points in only his second race. His performance in Brazil and Abu Dhabi in particular impressed Toyota's management enough for him to be seriously considered for a full-time race seat in 2010 (although it subsequently transpired that Toyota withdrew from Formula One before the start of the 2010 season). Fellow Japanese driver Kazuki Nakajima finished in thirteenth, making him the only driver to race in every Grand Prix of the season without scoring a single point. 
Elsewhere, Giancarlo Fisichella was given a drive-through penalty and finished his final race for Ferrari a lowly sixteenth, ahead of only Adrian Sutil and Romain Grosjean. Ferrari team-mate Kimi Räikkönen – also in his final race for the Maranello-based outfit – had a similar struggle from eleventh on the grid, finishing down in twelfth behind fellow Finn Heikki Kovalainen. Ferrari's failure to score points meant that the team conceded third place in the Constructors' championship, closing their worst season since Jean Alesi and Gerhard Berger drove for them in 1993.
The final few laps saw Jenson Button begin to rapidly reel in the second-placed Mark Webber, whose rear tyres were steadily beginning to lose grip. Button caught up with him with six laps to go, and the final lap was one of the hardest-fought of the season. Both drivers made an error going into the chicane and hairpin, and while Button attempted to make a move on Webber going down the back straight, the Australian defended his line into the switchback. The move meant that Button had the racing line and came out of the ninth corner nose-to-tail with the Red Bull. Button drew alongside Webber in the run down to the bottom corner, forcing Webber to take a defensive line again, but the Red Bull driver held his line and managed to pull the car up in time and held on for second place despite a minor error at turn fourteen.
At the front of the field, Sebastian Vettel won the race by seventeen seconds, securing the runner-up position in the championship from Barrichello, who went on to finish fourth ahead of Nick Heidfeld in BMW Sauber's final race. Kobayashi was sixth, scoring his first career points, with Toyota team-mate Jarno Trulli taking seventh, and Sébastien Buemi closing out the points-scoring positions in eighth, four seconds ahead of the Williams of Nico Rosberg, also in his final race for his team.
This was the last race to feature pit stops for refueling, which had been re-introduced in , as the regulations for had banned them. Jarno Trulli made the final refueling stop on lap 42. This was also the last race to use the 10-8-6-5-4-3-2-1 points scoring system, introduced in and the last race to date for drivers Fisichella, Nakajima, and the constructors Toyota, BMW and Brawn GP.
Classification.
Qualifying.
"Cars that use the KERS system are marked with "‡""
Race.
"Cars that use the KERS system are marked with "‡""

</doc>
<doc id="19487586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487586" title="Pleading in English Act 1362">
Pleading in English Act 1362

The Pleading in English Act 1362 ("36 Edw. III c. 15"), often rendered Statute of Pleading, was an Act of the Parliament of England. The Act complained that because the French language was much unknown in England, the people therefore had no knowledge of what is being said for them or against them in the courts, which used Law French. The Act therefore stipulated that "all Pleas which shall be pleaded in Courts whatsoever, before any of his Justices whatsoever, or in his other Places, or before any of His other Ministers whatsoever, or in the Courts and Places of any other Lords whatsoever within the Realm, shall be pleaded, shewed, defended, answered, debated, and judged in the English Tongue, and that they be entered and inrolled in Latin".
Historical context.
Prior to the Norman conquest of England in 1066, traditional common law in England tradition had been discussed in the vernacular since time immemorial (see Celtic law), and written in the Germanic vernacular (Old English) since circa 600 (following the Anglo-Saxon invasion of Britain), beginning with the law code of Æthelberht of Kent; see Anglo-Saxon law. Following the Norman conquest, the language of the latest conquerors was used – Anglo-Norman (which developed into Law French) was used for pleadings, and Latin was used in writing. The fourteenth century saw a decline in Law French, hence the Pleading in English Act, which marks the beginning of modern Legal English. The statute was repealed by the Statute Law Revision Act 1863 and the Statute Law (Ireland) Revision Act 1872.
Somewhat later – about 50 years, in fact – English became standard for official government purposes in the form of Chancery Standard, during the reign of King Henry V (1413 to 1422).

</doc>
<doc id="19487617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487617" title="Obstacle problem">
Obstacle problem

The obstacle problem is a classic motivating example in the mathematical study of variational inequalities and free boundary problems. The problem is to find the equilibrium position of an elastic membrane whose boundary is held fixed, and which is constrained to lie above a given obstacle. It is deeply related to the study of minimal surfaces and the capacity of a set in potential theory as well. Applications include the study of fluid filtration in porous media, constrained heating, elasto-plasticity, optimal control, and financial mathematics.
The mathematical formulation of the problem is to seek minimizers of the Dirichlet energy functional, 
in some domain "formula_2" where the functions "formula_3" represent the vertical displacement of the membrane. In addition to satisfying Dirichlet boundary conditions corresponding to the fixed boundary of the membrane, the functions "formula_3" are in addition constrained to be greater than some given "obstacle" function "formula_5"formula_6. The solution breaks down into a region where the solution is equal to the obstacle function, known as the "contact set," and a region where the solution is above the obstacle. The interface between the two regions is the "free boundary."
In general, the solution is continuous and possesses Lipschitz continuous first derivatives, but that the solution is generally discontinuous in the second derivatives across the free boundary. The free boundary is characterized as a Hölder continuous surface except at certain singular points, which reside on a smooth manifold.
Motivating problems.
Shape of a membrane above an obstacle.
The obstacle problem arises when one considers the shape taken by a soap film in a domain whose boundary position is fixed (see Plateau's problem), with the added constraint that the membrane is constrained to lie above some obstacle "formula_5"formula_6 in the interior of the domain as well. In this case, the energy functional to be minimized is the surface area integral, or
This problem can be "linearized" in the case of small perturbations by expanding the energy functional in terms of its Taylor series and taking the first term only, in which case the energy to be minimized is the standard Dirichlet energy
Optimal stopping.
The obstacle problem also arises in control theory, specifically the question of finding the optimal stopping time for a stochastic process with payoff function "formula_5"formula_6. 
In the simple case where the process is Brownian motion, and the process is forced to stop upon exiting the domain, the solution formula_13 of the obstacle problem can be characterized as the expected value of the payoff, starting the process at formula_14, if the optimal stopping strategy is followed. The stopping criterion is simply that one should stop upon reaching the "contact set".
Formal statement.
Suppose the following data is given:
Then consider the set
which is a closed convex subset of the Sobolev space of square integrable functions with square integrable weak first derivatives, containing precisely those functions with the desired boundary conditions which are also above the obstacle. The solution to the obstacle problem is the function which minimizes the energy integral
over all functions formula_13 belonging to formula_31; the existence of such a minimizer is assured by considerations of Hilbert space theory.
Alternative formulations.
Variational inequality.
The obstacle problem can be reformulated as a standard problem in the theory of variational inequalities on Hilbert spaces. Seeking the energy minimizer in the set "formula_31" of suitable functions is equivalent to seeking
where ⟨ . , . ⟩ : ℝ"n" × ℝ"n" → ℝ is the ordinary scalar product in the finite dimensional real vector space ℝ"n". This is a special case of the more general form for variational inequalities on Hilbert spaces, whose solutions are functions "formula_3" in some closed convex subset "formula_31" of the overall space, such that
for coercive, real-valued, bounded bilinear forms formula_38 and bounded linear functionals formula_39.
Least superharmonic function.
A variational argument shows that, away from the contact set, the solution to the obstacle problem is harmonic. A similar argument which restricts itself to variations that are positive shows that the solution is superharmonic on the contact set. Together, the two arguments imply that the solution is a superharmonic function.
In fact, an application of the maximum principle then shows that the solution to the obstacle problem is the least superharmonic function in the set of admissible functions.
Regularity properties.
Optimal regularity.
The solution to the obstacle problem has formula_40 regularity, or bounded second derivatives, when the obstacle itself has these properties. More precisely, the solution's modulus of continuity and the modulus of continuity for its derivative are related to those of the obstacle. 
Level surfaces and the free boundary.
Subject to a degeneracy condition, level sets of the difference between the solution and the obstacle, formula_48 for formula_49 are formula_50 surfaces. The free boundary, which is the boundary of the set where the solution meets the obstacle, is also formula_50 except on a set of "singular points," which are themselves either isolated or locally contained on a formula_52 manifold.
Generalizations.
The theory of the obstacle problem is extended to other divergence form uniformly elliptic operators, and their associated energy functionals. It can be generalized to degenerate elliptic operators as well. 
The double obstacle problem, where the function is constrained to lie above one obstacle function and below another, is also of interest. 
The Signorini problem is a variant of the obstacle problem, where the energy functional is minimized subject to a constraint which only lives on a surface of one lesser dimension, which includes the "boundary obstacle problem", where the constraint operates on the boundary of the domain. 
The parabolic, time-dependent cases of the obstacle problem and its variants are also objects of study.

</doc>
<doc id="19487659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487659" title="Opera House Casino">
Opera House Casino

Opera House Casino is a casino located on Las Vegas Boulevard North in North Las Vegas, Nevada. The casino is owned by Silver Nugget Gaming. 
History.
The casino was purchased, along with the Silver Nugget, by Silver Nugget Gaming in January 2007 for $23.8 million.

</doc>
<doc id="19487668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487668" title="New Zealand Trade and Enterprise">
New Zealand Trade and Enterprise

New Zealand Trade and Enterprise (NZTE) is New Zealand’s economic development and trade promotion agency. It offers strategic advice, access to networks and influencers, research and market intelligence, and targeted financial support to help businesses on their international journey, and works to promote and support the growth of New Zealand business overseas.
History.
NZTE was established on 1 July 2003.
New Zealand Trade and Enterprise (NZTE) is New Zealand’s international business development agency. Their role is to make a difference for New Zealand by helping businesses grow bigger, better, faster in international markets. NZTE’s strategy supports the Government’s Business Growth Agenda, which creates conditions that encourage successful businesses to grow globally.
NZTE’s products and services help businesses to grow and succeed internationally. These include strategic advice, access to networks and influencers, research and market intelligence. NZTE's services are aligned with different stages of a business lifecycle – from starting and growing a business, through to exporting and operating internationally – and help address the scale and distance issues faced by New Zealand exporters. Some services are provided directly by NZTE staff in New Zealand and around the world, while others are provided through external organisations – such as Regional Business Partners and expert advisors – funded by NZTE.
NZTE has ten offices in New Zealand and staff in 36 locations around the world who work in partnership with New Zealand businesses, helping to build strategic alliances and develop commercial relationships, connecting them with opportunities and contacts in international markets, and sharing knowledge, experience and networks to help businesses develop capability and scale.
NZTE's focus is on international opportunities that match New Zealand's current/potential business capability and provide sustained economic benefit, and helping international investors to identify New Zealand-based opportunities and gain access to government and private sector contacts.
Programmes and Services.
NZTE offer many services designed to grow New Zealand businesses. These include but are not limited to:

</doc>
<doc id="19487700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487700" title="Jeroen Dubbeldam">
Jeroen Dubbeldam

Jeroen Dubbeldam (born 15 April 1973 in Zwolle) is a Dutch show jumping champion.
Olympic Record.
Dubbeldam competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics held in Sydney, where he won a gold medal in Individual Jumping with the horse "De Sjiem".

</doc>
<doc id="19487716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487716" title="Jomo Thomas">
Jomo Thomas

Jomo Gamal Thomas is an American businessman, attorney, and author based in New York.
Early life.
Thomas was born in the Bronx, New York on January 31, 1974. He grew up in Roosevelt and Uniondale, New York. During his teenage years, he was very active as a motivational speaker, community organizer and activist with the Economic Opportunity Commission of Nassau County and its satellite community organization, Operation Outreach.
He received an American Economic Association (AEA) Fellowship to study in their Summer Training and Minority Scholarship Program at Stanford University. Thomas graduated with honors in Economics from Brandeis University (1996) in Waltham, Massachusetts. He received his law degree from the George Washington University Law School (2000) in Washington, D.C. Thomas was the former editor of the "The George Washington University Law School Corporate & Business Law Journal".
Business.
Thomas is co-founder of CBD Ventures, a venture capital company.
He also founded Niche Lab Capital Group, a private venture capital group which financed the personal finance publications of "Latino Money Magazine" now known as "Latinos Money Magazine" and now known as "Black Wealth and Fortunes Magazine" which is now known as "Black Wealth and Fortune Magazine".
"Latinos Money Magazine" is noted for annually publishing the "Latino Money Magazine" 100 richest Hispanic Americans, the wealthiest Latino billionaires and Latino millionaires. "Black Wealth and Fortune Magazine" is noted for publishing the "Black Wealth and Fortune" 100 Richest Black People in America, the wealthiest black billionaires and black millionaires. The "Black Wealth and Fortune"' magazine has become very popular for its 100 Richest African Americans List.
Thomas, along with Monifa Thomas published "The Black Millionaire Next Door: Black Wealth" in 2003. He was featured on Tavis Smiley Show on NPR (National Public Radio) discussing "Black Wealth and Fortunes Magazine" special report, "The Black Millionaire Next Door: Black Wealth 2003". The report explored the myth that most wealthy African Americans made their money in sports and entertainment. Thomas is managing director of Niche Lab Capital Group, and Monifa Thomas is editor of "Black Wealth and Fortunes".
Thomas is the founder and chairman of J.G. Thomas & Associates, P.C., a New York law firm that concentrates on business law, asset protection and estate planning, entertainment law, intellectual property law and immigration law.
Media, Popular Culture and Lectures.
In New York City, Jomo Thomas is featured on We Care Radio program, a motivational, educational and inspirational radio show that is aired on WLIB 1190 AM every Wednesday and Thursday at 9:30PM to 10:00 PM on and on WVIP 93.5FM every Friday from 6:05 AM to 6:30 AM. Jomo Thomas is also featured commentator and host on "Legal Power Talk", a call in radio show about legal issues. He also a public speaker who has lectured at high schools, colleges, conferences, community centers and religious institutions. He is the founder of "Don't Procrastinate Organization" whose mission is to increase productivity and provide educational information.

</doc>
<doc id="19487720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487720" title="RTTNews">
RTTNews

RTTNews is an Internet-based newswire service and content creation business based in Williamsville, New York, not far from the Buffalo Niagara International Airport at 1325 N. Forest Road, located in a commercial medium density apartment house building. It focuses on rapid delivery of important global financial news, economic developments, market analysis, stock alerts, foreign exchange market events, and other related subjects. It also has offerings in the areas of health, entertainment and politics. Users of RTTNews include banks and brokerages, financial exchanges, news aggregators, and assorted websites. Due to the nature of this business, it favors the home office on-the-road style of wireless (4G, Mobile WiMAX, LTE (telecommunication), CDMA and MetroPCS) ubiquitous work place.
President: Andrew Mariathasan,
Vice President: Ravi Mariathasan,
Vice President: Brian Stewart, 
Managing Editor: Vincent O'Hara,
Editor: Scott Izard, 
Directors (RTT India): Harikumar.B, Shanti Rexaline,
Manager-operations: Pramodh Annaswamy,
Manager/Editor (Equity Desk): Geordy George,
Staff Writers at RTTNews:
Louis Battaglia,
Tim Emmerick,
Vanessa Oswald

</doc>
<doc id="19487757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487757" title="Bradley C. Edwards">
Bradley C. Edwards

In space engineering, Bradley C. Edwards is the president and founder of Carbon Designs Inc. which specializes in producing a safer and cheaper way of transporting explorers into space.
He received funding from NIAC from 2001 to 2003 to write a paper proposing a way in which one could be built. He also wrote two books on the subject.
In these documents and a 2005 interview with Space.com, Edwards estimated that price per pound of launching into low-earth orbit could be reduced to 100th the cost of Shuttle missions.
Edwards, now Director of Research for the Institute for Scientific Research (ISR), based in Fairmont, West Virginia, was always interested in the space program. As a child, he dreamt of becoming an astronaut and pursued physics in both his undergraduate and graduate studies. However, rejected by the astronaut program due to asthma, he went on to work at the Los Alamos National Laboratory in New Mexico, researching advanced space technologies for 11 years.

</doc>
<doc id="19487776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487776" title="HMS Niemen (1809)">
HMS Niemen (1809)

HMS "Niemen was a Royal Navy 38-gun fifth-rate frigate. She began her career as the Niémen", a 44-gun French Navy "Armide"-class frigate, designed by Pierre Rolland. She was only in French service for a few months when in 1809 she encountered some British frigates. The British captured her and she continued in British service as "Niemen". In British service she cruised in the Atlantic and North American waters, taking numerous small American prizes, some privateers but mostly merchantmen. She was broken up in 1815, at the end of the Napoleonic Wars and the War of 1812.
Construction and capture.
"Niémen" was built by Chantier Courau Frères at Bordeaux to a design by Pierre Rolland, carrying 40 guns. She was launched in 1808 but spent only months in French service. She was commissioned at Bordeaux on 22 November 1808, but not completed until January 1809. On 4 April 1809 she sailed under the command of Commandant Jean Dupotet for Fort-de-France with stores and a substantial crew of 319.
Two days later, as she was in the Bay of Biscay, she encountered three British vessels, including the 36-gun frigate , under the command of Captain Sir Michael Seymour. Also sailing in company with "Amethyst" were the 36-gun , (Captain Frederick Lewis Maitland), and the 38-gun , (Captain Robert Mends).
Seymour, who had previously won fame by capturing the French frigate "Thétis" the previous November, gave chase at 11am. After a sustained chase lasting all day, the "Amethyst" lost sight of the "Emerald", which could not match the speed of the two others, and had failed to gain on the "Niémen". Seymour then wore his ship around and was able to bring himself close to the "Niémen" at 9.30pm.
The two ships began exchanging fire at 11.30pm, with "Amethyst" coming alongside at 1am on the morning of 5 April to exchange sustained broadsides. By 3am the "Niémen" had lost her main and mizzen masts, and her fire was slackening. The "Arethusa" then arrived on the scene, firing a couple of broadsides at the badly damaged French ship. At this point "Niémen" surrendered. Other accounts report that during the night, "Niémen" maneuvered to capture "Amethyst", when "Arethusa" came to the rescue and forced "Niémen" to strike her colours.
Regardless, "Niémen" had surrendered, having lost 47 killed and 73 wounded, compared to eight killed and 37 wounded on the "Amethyst". Sir Michael brought her in as a prize, and was rewarded with a baronetcy for his actions in capturing the "Niémen", and the earlier capture of the "Thetis". In 1847 the Admiralty authorized the issue of the Naval General Service Medal with clasp "Amethyst 5 April 1809" to be awarded upon application to all British participants still living in 1847.
HMS "Niemen".
The Admiralty purchased "Niémen" for the sum of £29,979 2s 10d in prize money; the Royal Navy took her into service and commissioned her as HMS "Niemen". "Nieman" arrived at Portsmouth on 26 April. There she underwent a Small Repair between August and November. Her captor, Sir Michael Seymour, was appointed to command her in September 1809.
At some point in late 1809 or early 1810 she captured the Portuguese brig "Rio Douro" and the American ship "Orion". On 15 May 1810 she left on a cruise in the Atlantic. On 30 November she captured the "Betsy".
In 1811 she was on the Irish station, based at Cork. On 3 January "Niemen" captured the "Danube", bound from New York to Bordeaux. On 9 January she recaptured the brig "Unanimity". Then on 4 March "Niemen" captured the Charleston packet.
Under Captain Thomas Young, and in company with "Fortunee", "Niemen" captured the American brig "Meteor" on 26 July.
During the year she took the American gun-vessel "Charlestown", and the American schooner "Purse", Captain Samuel Turner, sailing from New York to Bordeaux. The cause, at least in the case of "Purse", was breach of the blockade of France. However, the crew of the "Purse" recaptured their vessel, after killing Midshipman Sanders, the Prize Master from "Niemen". On 29 May 1812 on her return trip to New York with a valuable cargo of brandy, wine, and silks, "Purse" encountered "Armide". After a 14 hour chase during which "Purse"s fore-top mast was shot away, "Armide" captured her. The "Purse"s master and crew were brought into Plymouth in irons.
On 4 December "Niemen" was in company with "Armide" when "Armide" captured the brig "Female".
On 21 January 1812 "Niemen" and Medusa" captured the "Arno". Then on 29 January "Niemen" captured the "Abigail". Two days later, "Niemen" was in company with the British privateer "Pheasant" when they captured the American brig "Hannibal". The "Betsey" followed on 18 March, with the "Medusa" in company. Next, "Niemen" captured "Vesta" on 18 April. Lastly, "Niemen" captured the "Lark" on 28 April.
In March 1812 Captain Samuel Pym was appointed to command "Niemen" however he actually took command after April. On 4 January 1813 "Niemen" sailed with a convoy for Saint Helena. On 19 December "Niemen" captured the ship "Stockholm".
In August or so, while "Niemen" was off Rochfort, she sent her four of her boats in to attack a convoy lying there. During the night, before the boats arrived, the convoy moved, except for one chasse maree, which the boats captured. However, the tide turned and a French brig came out of the Loire. She succeeded in recapturing the chasse maree, as capturing the 15-man crew of the British boat that had taken her. "Niemen" then sailed to North America to join a squadron under Admiral Sir John Borlase Warren, which had already left.
On 19 December "Niemen" shared with "Jaseur" in the capture of the "Rising States". "Jaseur" shared her prize money, by agreement, with "Belvidera" and "Narcissus".
"Niemen" escorted a convoy to Bermuda in January 1814, and then spent 1814 on the Bermuda station. Here she took some numerous prizes, most of them small schooners, but a few of greater import.
Also between 6 August and October, "Niemen" captured the following American vessels: the sloop "James Phillip" and the sloop "Regulator". "Niemen" also burnt 17 schooners or sloops ranging between 15 and 60 tons in the period from 9 May to 4 October.
Fate.
"Nieman" was broken up at Deptford in September 1815. Her name was perpetuated in a 28-gun sixth rate launched in 1820 as .
Postscript.
In 1843 Jean-Baptiste Henri Durand-Brager made a painting of the battle, "Combat de la frégate Niemen contre les frégates Aréthusa et Amethyst". It is at the Bordeaux Museum of Fine Arts but not on display.
Notes and citations.
Note
Citations

</doc>
<doc id="19487785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487785" title="Albert Voorn">
Albert Voorn

Albert Bernard Voorn (born 23 May 1956 in Hilversum) is a Dutch equestrian and Olympic medalist.
His son is Vincent Voorn who also competed as an international show jumper.
Olympic record.
Voorn competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics held in Sydney, where he won a silver medal in Individual Jumping.

</doc>
<doc id="19487805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487805" title="Class Editori">
Class Editori

Class Editori S.p.A. is an Italian media conglomerate that is based in Milan and listed on the Italian Stock Exchange since November 30, 1998. 
Overview.
Founded in 1986 by Paolo Panerai, the publisher is primarily devoted to financial and lifestyle news.
The group publishes the following magazines and newspapers in Italy:
The company operates three television channels on satellite and digital television in Italy:
Class Editori's other ventures include the news agency MF Dow Jones News (a joint venture with Dow Jones), the classical radio station Radio Classica, and a stake in Worldspace Italia (33%).

</doc>
<doc id="19487837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487837" title="Hugh Henshall">
Hugh Henshall

Hugh Henshall (1734–1816) was an English civil engineer, noted for his work on canals. He was born in North Staffordshire and was a student of the canal engineer James Brindley, who was also his brother-in-law.
Early life.
Henshall was born to John Henshall and Anne Cartwright (d. February 1776), most likely in Newchapel, Wolstanton. They had five children between 1731 and 1747. Henshall's father John may have assisted James Brindley on early surveys of the Trent and Mersey Canal. The two families became close, and Henshall became a pupil of Brindley. Henshall later met John Gilbert, his brother Thomas Gilbert, and Josiah Clowes. Henshall's sister, Jane, married William Clowes, a local landowner with mining interests and elder brother of Josiah Clowes. Another sister of Henshall, Anne, married James Brindley on 8 December 1765 when she was 19, and he was 49.
In 1778 Henshall purchased the farm and surrounding lands at Greenway Bank, near Tunstall in Staffordshire.
Henshall died on 16 November 1816, and is buried at St. James, in Newchapel.
Waterways engineering.
Henshall worked with Brindley and John Smeaton in 1758 to survey the proposed Trent and Mersey Canal. In 1765 he helped survey the River Weaver from Winsford to Lowton, and in the same year planned a link from Cheshire to the Bridgewater Canal, and surveyed the River Severn. In 1768 Brindley, assisted by Henshall, surveyed the route of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal. Henshall carried out the survey for the act of Parliament, with Samuel Simcock.
Henshall's experience surveying the River Weaver became invaluable. He was made clerk of works on the Trent and Mersey Canal, and made the parliamentary map of the canal. James Brindley, engineer for the canal, died in 1772. Henshall became Brindley's heir, and continued his work, completing the Harecastle Tunnel and the northern reaches of the canal including the junction with the Bridgewater Canal. He completed the canal in May 1777. Brindley had also surveyed the route of the Chesterfield Canal in 1769, and was supervising its construction at the time of his death. John Varley moved from being clerk of works to Resident Engineer with Henshall appointed Chief Engineer in 1774. The canal was to be built as a narrow canal, but in 1775, nine shareholders offered to fund the extra cost of making it a broad canal from Retford to Stockwith. The death of Henshall's mother, and his absence led to criticism from the canal company for not attending to the work. Henshall also completed the Bridgewater Canal in 1776.
In December 1787, along with two other engineers, he investigated flooding on the Mersey and Irwell Navigation and noted that the navigable depth at Hollins Ferry was 2 feet to 2 feet 9 inches, whereas it had been 1 foot 8 inches sixteen years previously.
In 1790 he was asked to survey the route of the proposed Manchester Bolton & Bury Canal. He produced a written report which helped assuage the fears of local mill owners, worried that the new canal would harm their water supply. He was a member of the committee to the canal, and a subscriber to the scheme, making an initial investment of £1,000 in shares. He also helped engage contractors during construction of the canal.
In 1792 Henshall was asked to re-survey Josiah Clowes's plans for the route of the Herefordshire and Gloucestershire Canal, and recommended a diversion to Newent, where there were minor coalfields. The following year, along with Charles McNiven, he returned to the Mersey and Irwell navigation to perform a survey. He reported that if the locks and cuts were kept in good order and the millers prevented from lowering the water level that the navigation could be more successful and more reliable.
Henshall and Thomas Dadford, Jr. (another pupil of James Brindley) surveyed the line of the Monmouthshire & Brecon Canal for a tramroad from Llan-march Coal and Mine Works to the Clydach ironworks. Henshall also worked for William Jessop while he was advising on the line of the Grand Western Canal. In 1795 Henshall completed the survey of the Caldon Canal.
Other business interests.
Henshall's purchase of Greenway Bank allowed him to concentrate on his canal carrying business, "Hugh Henshall & Co." This company became the carrying company for the proprietors of the Trent and Mersey Canal. The business was a success and in 1786 was taken over by Pickfords. He also became involved in the pottery trade with Robert Williamson at Longport.

</doc>
<doc id="19487870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487870" title="Piotr Bazler">
Piotr Bazler

Piotr Bazler (born April 13, 1981 in Łódź) is a Polish professional football player who plays for Górnik Łęczna in the Ekstraklasa.
Career.
Bazler began his career in Poland, playing for ŁKS Łódź, Widzew Łódź, Ceramika Opoczno, Unia Janikowo, Drwęca Nowe Miasto Lubawskie and Arka Gdynia. 
In the summer 2010, he moved to Dolcan Ząbki from Legia Warsaw.

</doc>
<doc id="19487874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487874" title="Maja e zezë">
Maja e zezë

Maja e Zezë (; ) (meaning "black peak") is a mountain in Kosovo and Macedonia. It is part of the Šar Mountains range and is high. To the east of the mountain is Bistër (), and to the west of it is Kobilica ().
References:

</doc>
<doc id="19487892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487892" title="Bradley James">
Bradley James

Bradley James (born 11 October 1983) is an English actor from Exeter, Devon. He made his television debut in the ITV series "Lewis" in 2008 and is best known for portraying King Arthur (previously Prince Arthur) in the BBC television programme "Merlin.
Personal life.
Bradley was born in Exeter, Devon. He and his family then moved to Jacksonville, Florida when he was nine years old. During his time there, he attended Crown Point Elementary School and then Fletcher Middle School before attending Madeley High School in Madeley, England.
James is a fan of football and participates annually in sporting charity events. When he was younger, he wanted to be either a footballer or an actor.
Television career.
Bradley first appeared in an episode of "Lewis" in 2008 and also played the part of Ben in the BBC Three drama "Dis/Connected".
He trained at the Drama Centre London. His breakthrough came when he was chosen to play Prince Arthur, who later becomes the legendary King Arthur, in the BBC One fantasy TV series "Merlin". "Merlin" has been a consistent hit series in the U.S.; its first series was shown on the broadcast network NBC and its second, third and fourth series on NBC's affiliate cable network Syfy. Merlin ended its 5-year run on BBC One.
James and co-star Colin Morgan went on an exploration of Arthurian legends for BBC Wales, "The Real Merlin & Arthur", in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19487900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487900" title="Andrei Sen-Senkov">
Andrei Sen-Senkov

Andrei Sen-Senkov is a Russian poet and writer, born in Tajikistan in 1968.
He received a degree in medicine from Yaroslavl State Medical Academy, then lived in the old Russian city of Borisoglebsk before settling in Moscow in 2001. Sen-Senkov has been published in numerous literary journals in Russia and abroad; he has published seven books of poetry, prose poems and visual poetry. Recent publications include "Slash" (Moscow, 2008; in collaboration with Alexei Tsvetkov Jr.) published at Dmitry Kuzmin's ARGO RISK Press, and "A God Suffering from Astrophilia" (New Literary Observer Press: Moscow, 2008); a collection of his work in English translation is forthcoming. Sen-Senkov's work has been translated into English, Italian, Serbian, Montenegrin, German, French, Estonian, Albanian, Dutch, Ukrainian, Slovenian and Polish. He was awarded the Turgenev Festival Prize for short prose in 1998 and in 2006 was nominated for Andrei Bely Prize.
Sen-Senkov work takes many forms: he writes poetry, short prose cycles and visual poetry, and has collaborated with sound and video artists. He has been quoted saying that "the poem lives inside of me, small, naked, formless...you always write about one and the same thing, just with different words."

</doc>
<doc id="19487916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487916" title="James R. Bennett">
James R. Bennett

James R. "Jim" Bennett (born January 3, 1940, in Red Oak, Iowa) is a Republican politician from Alabama. 
He served as secretary of state of Alabama, having been appointed to fill a vacancy in 1993 and subsequently elected to two terms in his own right in 1994, as a Democrat, and 1998, as a Republican. Prior to his appointment as Alabama's 49th Secretary of State, he had served for the previous decade spanning 1983 to 1993 as a member of the Alabama Senate. From 1978 to 1983, he served as a member of the Alabama House of Representatives. 
Following his tenure as secretary of state, he was appointed as commissioner of the Alabama Department of Labor in the Cabinet of Governor Bob Riley in July 2003 and reappointed by Gov. Robert Bentley in January 2011. He retired in 2012.
Bennett is a graduate of Jacksonville State University, from which he received a Bachelor of Science degree, and the University of Alabama, from which he received a Master of Arts. Bennett is a brother of the Epsilon Nu Chapter of Phi Mu Alpha Sinfonia at Jacksonville State University. In 2006 he was named a Signature Sinfonian by the national fraternity for his public service career. He serves as chairman of the Board of Trustees at Jacksonville State, of which he has been a member since 1985, and was president of the National Association of Secretaries of State from 1999 to 2000. He is the author of several history books including "Historic Birmingham and Jefferson County", published in 2008, and "Tannehill and the Growth of the Alabama Iron Industry", published in 1999.
Bennett was a reporter for the "Birmingham Post-Herald" from 1961 to 1971 before he entered politics. In 1969 he was selected for a national award by the American Political Science Association for his reporting on public affairs.
After the resignation of Beth Chapman as Secretary of State in 2013, Governor Robert J. Bentley appointed Bennett to replace her marking the fourth time Bennett has served as Alabama's chief elections official.

</doc>
<doc id="19487922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487922" title="List of GP2 Asia Series drivers">
List of GP2 Asia Series drivers

This is a List of GP2 Asia Series drivers, that is, a list of drivers who have made at least one race entry in the GP2 Asia Series from 2008 onwards. The list is accurate up to and including the end of the 2011 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19487933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487933" title="Lies on the Prize">
Lies on the Prize

Lies on the Prize is the fifth album by Canadian indie rock artist Snailhouse. It was released in July 2008 on the Unfamiliar Records label.
Award nominations.
On June 15, 2009, "Lies on the Prize" was longlisted for the 2009 Polaris Music Prize.

</doc>
<doc id="19487950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487950" title="Gemitash">
Gemitash

Gemitaš (Serbian Cyrillic: Гемиташ, ) is a mountain in Kosovo, located in the Šar Mountains. It reaches a height of . It is surrounded by many lakes and is near the village of Restelica.

</doc>
<doc id="19487982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487982" title="Prince George Bernhard of Anhalt-Dessau">
Prince George Bernhard of Anhalt-Dessau

George Bernhard of Anhalt-Dessau (Dessau, 21 February 1796 – Dresden, 16 October 1865), was a German prince of the House of Ascania from the Anhalt-Dessau branch.
He was the second son of Frederick, Hereditary Prince of Anhalt-Dessau, by his wife Landgravine Amalie of Hesse-Homburg, daughter of Frederick V, Landgrave of Hesse-Homburg.
Marriages and Issue.
In Rudolstadt on 6 August 1825 George Bernhard married Karoline Auguste Louise Amalie (b. Rudolstadt, 4 April 1804 - d. Rudolstadt, 14 January 1829), daughter of Prince Karl Günther of Schwarzburg-Rudolstadt. They had two children:
In Dresden on 4 October 1831 George Bernhard married morganatically for a second time to Therese Emma von Erdmannsdorf (b. Dresden, 12 September 1807 - d. Mannheim, 28 February 1848), of lesser nobility. She was created Countess of Raina (incorrectly spelled Reina by the Almanach of Gotha) shortly after their marriage. They had seven children:

</doc>
<doc id="19487983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487983" title="John Jones Clarke">
John Jones Clarke

John Jones Clarke (February 24, 1803 – November 25, 1887) was an American politician, who served in both branches of the Massachusetts legislature and as the first Mayor of Roxbury, Massachusetts in 1846.

</doc>
<doc id="19487985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487985" title="1984 1000 km of Mosport">
1984 1000 km of Mosport

The 1984 Budweiser GT 1000 Kilometers was the sixth round of the 1984 World Endurance Championship. It took place at Mosport Park, Canada on 5 August 1984.
Several World Championship competitors opted not to participate in the Mosport round, including all B class entries. Three GTO class cars from the IMSA GT Championship chose to enter the round.
Official results.
Class winners in bold. Cars failing to complete 75% of the winner's distance marked as Not Classified (NC).

</doc>
<doc id="19487988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487988" title="Per Husby">
Per Husby

Per Husby (born 2 April 1949 in Oslo) is a Norwegian jazz musician, (piano), composer, teacher, civil engineer, and orchestra leader known for a number of recordings.
Career.
Husby was raised in Oslo together with jazz enthusiasts like jazz journalist Knut Borge, and their jazz interest flourished in postwar Oslo.
He studied piano at the Music Conservatory of Oslo (1962–67), and became a siv.ing. in acoustics (under Asbjørn Krokstad) at the Norwegian Institute of Technology (1973), followed up with studies in jazz at Berklee in Boston. In Trondheim (1971–80) he worked with the local big band Bodega Band where he (and bassist Jan Tro) wrote a large amount of music on many recordings. Later, Husby played in groups led by Asmund Bjørken and Bjørn Alterhaug, and was a musical director at the local theatre Trøndelag Teater (1975–80). 
Husby led his own septet, (1975–78), quintet (1980–83), and released records with his 13-piece "Per Husby Dedication Orchestra" (13 tracks).
In Oslo (1980-) he was leader of the Federation of Norwegian Jazz musicians (1983–85), and co-edited the Norwegian Jazz Magazine "Jazznytt" (1981–84). He became publicly best known through 20 years' regular engagements as a pianist/orchestra leader on Norwegian TV Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation, including 11 years as a musical director for the "memory lane" TV series "Da Capo".
Husby has produced and played with Hilde Louise Asbjørnsen, and plays in tenor saxophonist Bodil Niska quartet as a well as with singer Laila Dalseth. He has through the years worked as an accompanist for several visiting jazz soloists such as Chet Baker (heard on "The Improviser", Cadence Jazz Records), Clark Terry, Joe Henderson, Pepper Adams, Kenny Wheeler, James Moody and Karin Krog.

</doc>
<doc id="19487994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487994" title="Conor Niland">
Conor Niland

Conor Niland (born 19 September 1981) is a former Irish professional tennis player. He was born in Birmingham, England, and grew up in Limerick, Ireland. He attended St. Nessan's National School in Mungret, Co. Limerick, before moving on to Crescent College Comprehensive in Dooradoyle, Co. Limerick. He was the highest ranked Irish tennis player during his career. He played for the Ireland Davis Cup team from 2000 to 2012. He officially announced his retirement from tennis on 12 April 2012 due to a reoccurring hip injury. In a statement Niland said: "I am today sadly announcing my retirement from professional tennis. I have been suffering from labral tears in both hip cartilages and this has resulted in pain and restricted movement for the past nine months."
Career.
Niland spent most of his career on the Futures and Challenger circuits, although he has played a handful of ATP World Tour tournaments. He was the top ranked Irish player. As of 6 March 2010, he played in 25 Davis Cup matches for Ireland with a record of 15 wins & 10 losses (12–9 in singles & 3–1 in doubles). After 4 previous defeats, he won his first ever Grand Slam qualifying match on 26 August 2009 when defeating Australia's Joseph Sirianni 6–0 6–4 in the first qualifying round of the US Open, but in the end he failed to qualify for the main draw.
In January 2010, he lost in the last qualifying round of the Qatar Open in Doha, and in the first major of the year he defeated Henri Kontinen (6–4,6–4) and Jesse Witten (2–6,6–1,6–4) in the first 2 qualifying rounds for the Australian Open to leave him one game away from the main draw. However, he lost to Ricardo Hocevar (6–1,4–6,3–6) in the final qualifying round. In Houston, Texas, at the U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships, he qualified for his first ATP main draw but lost in the first round. His improvement during the year continued when winning the Israel Open title, Rainer Schüttler among his highest-ranked victim. The win pushed him into the top 200 for the first time in his career, lifting him to 165 in the world, and he reclaimed his place as Irish No.1 from Louk Sorensen. In November 2010, Niland won another ATP challenger event, this time the ATP Salzburg Indoors in Austria, lifting him to a career high ranking of 129.
After an encouraging start to 2011 saw Niland reach the quarter-finals of the Heilbronn Open in Germany, he struggled throughout the first half of the year with illness and injury and fell to a ranking of 184 by June. He came into great form for the grass court season, however, and picked up 4 straight wins to qualify for the Aegon Trophy in Nottingham and also defeat 96th-ranked Donald Young in the first round. After Tatsuma Ito ended that winning streak, Niland turned his attention to the Wimbledon qualifying rounds. He successfully negotiated all 3 rounds, defeating Josselin Ouanna, Greg Jones and finally Nikola Mektić, to qualify for his first ever Grand Slam event.
In doing so, he also became the first Irishman to reach the main draw at Wimbledon since Sean Sorensen in 1977 and 1980. He faced Frenchman Adrian Mannarino in the first round where he lost in five sets, having led 4–1 with a double-break in the fifth set. Had he won, Niland would have faced six-time champion Roger Federer in the second round.
Niland participated in the 2011 US Open. In the first round of the Singles Qualifying, Conor faced Pavol Červenák and won 6–1, 6–4. In the second round, Niland defeated Tsung-Hua Yang 6–2, 6–3 In the third round, Niland beat Matwé Middelkoop 2–6, 6–1, 6–4 for a place in the Main Draw. This was Niland's second time in a row to qualify for the main draw of a Grand Slam. In the first round, Niland retired against World No. 1, Novak Djokovic, whilst trailing 0–6, 1–5, due to food poisoning.
On 12 April 2012, Niland announced his retirement due to a recurring hip injury which resulted in pain and restricted his movement for the previous nine months. He was considering having hip surgery but was "advised of a lengthy recovery time without any guarantee of a successful outcome." Niland thanked those who had helped him achieve his success. He said: "I would like to thank my family, in particular my parents, for their phenomenal support throughout my tennis career. I would not have been able to achieve the things I did without them."
Personal life.
Although Niland was born in Birmingham, his parents moved the family back to Limerick when he was 2 years old. He stayed there until the age of 16, when he went to Millfield, the public school in Somerset that is renowned for its sporting prowess. After three years there, Niland went to study English at University of California, Berkeley, before leaving to focus on playing tennis professionally in 2005. His father, Ray, played at corner back for the Mayo senior Gaelic football team, while his sister Gina is a former Irish No.1 tennis player.

</doc>
<doc id="19487999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19487999" title="Cobram railway station">
Cobram railway station

Cobram railway station is a former railway station in the town of Cobram, Victoria, Australia. Passenger rail services to the station ended when V/Line ceased operating passenger services in 1993, but a number of services continued to use the line until 1999.
The station is located in the centre of Cobram on Punt Road. The station building is now used by an arts group, and the station is served by a V/Line bus route. The tracks remain in place but are overgrown and the grain silos located on the down side of the station are no longer served by rail. The station has a platform and two tracks.
Currently the station is serviced by V/Line buses that run to Shepparton daily and buses that run to Albury and Mildura a few times a week. After closing the train service in 1993 the Cobram community has shown interest in re-opening the train service.
Line Cut from Main Shepparton Line.
With the line presently physically disconnected from the main Shepparton Line north of Nagambie Station, the re-establishment of a passenger and freight service will only be realised upon physical reconnection of the line to the Shepparton Line. With the entirety of the Cobram Line in place, the re-connection and re-establishment of points and appropriate junction signalling, repair to crossings, lights, bella and station platforms will allow the resumption of services.

</doc>
<doc id="19488017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488017" title="Jonas Ekdahl">
Jonas Ekdahl

Jonas Ekdahl is a Swedish drummer. He is best known as the former drummer of the heavy metal band Evergrey. He was previously the drum tech of Evergrey's former drummer Patrick Carlsson. He was born in Gothenburg in May, 1983. Ekdahl started playing drums when he was 10 years old, started working for Evergrey as their drumtech at age 17, and in 2003 joined the band as a full-time member at age 19. In May 2010, it was announced that he had left Evergrey due to internal issues with the band, and to not hurt the friendships he had developed with the other band members. Ekdahl is now playing with his band DeathDestruction, who has recently signed with Sony Music Sweden. Ekdahl has during 2010, done session work for Dead by April, as well as for In Flames during June 2011.
Equipment.
Ekdahl uses the following equipment:
References.
http://www.sonymusic.se/artister
http://www.deathdestruction.com
http://www.youtube.com/user/Li11en?feature=mhee

</doc>
<doc id="19488055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488055" title="Jim Files">
Jim Files

James Dale "Jim" Files (born January 16, 1948 in Paris, Arkansas) is a former American football linebacker in the National Football League. He was drafted by the New York Giants 13th overall in the 1970 NFL Draft. He played college football at Oklahoma.

</doc>
<doc id="19488097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488097" title="Gabe Molina">
Gabe Molina

Cruz Gabriel Molina (born May 3, 1975 in Denver, Colorado) is a former right-handed Major League Baseball relief pitcher who played from 1999 to 2000 and from 2002 to 2003 for the Baltimore Orioles, Atlanta Braves and St. Louis Cardinals. He was 6'1" tall and he weighed 220 pounds. 
Career.
Prior to playing professional baseball, Molina Kennedy High School and then Arizona State University.
Drafted by the Orioles in the 21st round of the 1996 amateur draft and signed by scout John Green, Molina began his professional career that year with the Bluefield Orioles. In 23 relief appearances, he went 4-0 with a 3.60 ERA, striking out 33 batters in 30 innings of work. Winning the Appalachian League Championship closing out the final game. The following year, he pitched for the Delmarva Shorebirds, and he went 8-6 with a 2.18 ERA in 46 relief appearances. He struck out 119 batters in 91 innings as well. Again winning the South Atlantic Championship and closing out the final game. In 1998, pitching for the Bowie Baysox, Molina went 3-2 with 24 saves and a 3.36 ERA in 61 innings. He struck out 75 batters and was named Pitcher of the Year for the Baltimore organization.
Molina began the 1999 season with the Rochester Red Wings, going 2-2 with 18 saves and a 3.14 ERA in 45 relief appearances for them. On May 1, he made his big league debut, pitching against the Minnesota Twins. He allowed a hit and a walk in an inning of work, but he gave up no earned runs. He then allowed a three-run home run to Andy Morales in an exhibition game against the Cuban national baseball team four days later. Overall, he made 20 appearances in the Majors in 1999, going 1-2 with a 3.65 ERA. He walked 6 batters and struck out 14. According to Baseball America, he was ranked the 10th best prospect in the Orioles organization in 1999.
He spent time in the majors and minors in 2000, in two different organizations. For the Baltimore Orioles, he appeared in nine games and posted a 5.00 ERA in 13 innings. For the Red Wings, he went 1-2 with a 3.94 ERA in 18 games. He started four games for them, the first starts of his professional career. On July 31, Molina was traded with B. J. Surhoff to the Braves for Trenidad Hubbard, Fernando Lunar and Luis Rivera. He made two appearances for the Braves. With the Atlanta Braves, he pitched two innings, allowing one earned run. With Richmond, he went 1-0 with a 3.60 ERA in nine relief appearances. Overall, he went 0-0 with a 4.50 ERA in 11 relief appearances in 2000. He went 2-2 with a 3.58 ERA in the minor leagues. He was granted free agency on December 21
Molina was signed by the Florida Marlins on January 10, 2001. He appeared in 40 games (16 starts) for the Calgary Cannons, their minor league affiliate, going 9-2 with a 3.89 ERA. He was granted free agency on October 15. He was signed by the Cardinals on November 28, 2001. 
Although he never got a true opportunity in the majors throughout his career, his 2002 season would prove to be a major improvement, if not a pleasant surprise. He appeared in 56 games for the Cardinals AAA team the Memphis Redbirds, going 5-4 with a 2.15 ERA, saving 12 games. In 12 major league appearances, he went 1-0 with a 1.59 ERA.
In 2003, going 2-9 with a 3.09 ERA in 57 relief appearances for the Redbirds, and 0-0 with a 13.53 ERA in three relief appearances for the Cardinals. He appeared in his final major league game on May 26.
In 2004, he did not play in American affiliated baseball. In 2005, he pitched for the Colorado Springs Sky Sox, in the Colorado Rockies farm system. In 45 games with them, he went 10-2 with a 3.86 ERA. 
Overall, Molina went 2-2 in 46 major league relief appearances. In 52 innings, he walked 23 batters, struck out 48 and posted a 4.58 ERA.

</doc>
<doc id="19488115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488115" title="Jewish Life Television">
Jewish Life Television

Jewish Life Television (JLTV) is a 24-hour, full-time TV network delivering Jewish-themed programming.  Launched in 2007, JLTV offers news, sports, lifestyle and entertainment programming including films, documentaries, music, reviews, interviews and special events.  Its spotlight on Israel and Jewish life is facilitated by broadcast studios in Los Angeles, New York City and Toronto as well as bureaus in Jerusalem, Tel Aviv, Washington, D.C., Miami, London and Moscow. Members of its website can access live and on-demand programming; watch unique local, national and international news stories; and take part in one of the fastest growing online social networks. In the U.S., JLTV can be seen by 33 million households across all 50 states through DIRECTV, Time Warner Cable, Comcast and independent broadcast systems.
Canadian distribution.
On January 26, 2011, Jewish Life Television was officially added to the CRTC's approved list of foreign services, allowing the channel to expand into Canada. Ethnic Channels Group, who sponsored the application to get JLTV on the approved list, is the official Canadian distributor of the channel.

</doc>
<doc id="19488138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488138" title="Ezkaton">
Ezkaton

Ezkaton is the sixth EP by Polish extreme metal band Behemoth. It was released in North America through Metal Blade Records on November 11, 2008, and in Europe through Regain Records on November 20, 2008. The EP features seven tracks, including one new song titled "Qadosh", a live recording and new studio version to "Chant for Ezkaton 2000 e.v.", live versions of "From the Pagan Vastlands" and "Decade ov Therion", along with covers of Master's Hammer's "Jáma pekel" and Ramones' "I'm Not Jesus".
The first four tracks were recorded during the "The Apostasy" studio sessions at the "Radio Gdańsk Studios" from November 2006 till March 2007. The other three live tracks were recorded in Leeuwarden, The Netherlands in October 2007 the during the "European Apostasy" tour. 
"Ezkaton" has also been released as a limited edition box set, that includes four 7-inch picture disc. The set also comes with a bonus track, "Devilock" (Misfits cover) on the third picture disc. Each picture disc has one track on each side.

</doc>
<doc id="19488148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488148" title="2008 Coupe de l'Outre-Mer">
2008 Coupe de l'Outre-Mer

La Coupe de l'Outre-Mer de football 2008 () was the inaugural edition of the Coupe de l'Outre-Mer. The competition took place between September 24, 2008 and October 4, 2008 in Île-de-France, France.
Results.
Group 1.
Note: 4 points for a win, 2 points for a win on penalties, 1 point for a loss on penalties
Group 2.
Note: 4 points for a win, 2 points for a win on penalties, 1 point for a loss on penalties
2nd Round.
5th Place Match:
3rd Place match:

</doc>
<doc id="19488167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488167" title="Sin Riendas">
Sin Riendas

Sin Riendas (Eng.: "Without Ties") is the title of a studio album released by norteño music group Bronco. This album became their third number-one set on the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums.
Tracklisting.
The information from Billboard
Personnel.
This information from Allmusic.

</doc>
<doc id="19488171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488171" title="Rägavere Parish">
Rägavere Parish

Rägavere Parish () is a rural municipality of Estonia, in Lääne-Viru County. It has a population of 993 (2006) and an area of 173.74 km².
Villages.
Aasuvälja, Kantküla, Kõrma, Lavi, Männikvälja, Miila, Mõedaka, Nõmmise, Nurkse, Põlula, Sae, Uljaste, Ulvi, Viru-Kabala

</doc>
<doc id="19488179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488179" title="Tokyo Star">
Tokyo Star

Tokyo Star is Miliyah Kato's third studio album. It was released on April 2, 2008 and has since become her second best selling album, peaking in its second week at #4. It produced four singles, "My Girl", "Love Is...", "Lalala / Futurechecka" and "19 Memories".

</doc>
<doc id="19488186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488186" title="Ken Lauber">
Ken Lauber

Ken Lauber (born May 14, 1941) is an American composer, arranger producer, musician, singer and playwright.
Early career.
Lauber was born in New York City in 1941 and raised on Long Island. His first music lessons of note were drum lessons at the age of thirteen with the legendary drummers Gene Krupa and Cozy Cole. He continued his studies when he entered The Juilliard School of Music in the extension division when he was still in junior and senior high school studying percussion with Morris Goldenberg and Saul Goodman. Between 1960 and 1962 he attended two semesters at Ithaca College to further his percussion studies with Warren Benson. He then returned to The Juilliard School to study music composition with the composer Vincent Persichetti, piano with Rosina Lhévinne and conducting with Jean Morel. In addition he studied orchestration privately with Marion Evans.
In 1964, Lauber worked for United Artists Corporation and scored a seven-minute piano concerto for the film "The World of Henry Orient", starring Peter Sellers. He also composed the score to "The Drifter", a film by Alex Matter that received international success at the Venice Film Festival. Single recordings under his name from "Lilies of the Field", a motion picture starring Sidney Poitier, and the Tony Richardson / Albert Finney film "Tom Jones" were among some of Lauber's early recordings.
In 1969, Lauber had a singer/songwriter contract with Polydor Records. The album, "Contemplation View", recorded in Nashville, was part of the label's American debut. Lauber and the musicians backing him were part of another album recorded at the same time, "Area Code 615", by the band of the same name. The song "Why Ask Why" from a Burt Reynolds movie originally entitled "Fade-In" was part of the group's repertoire and later was also recorded by Leo Kottke.
The album Contemplation View was considered to represent a new genre, resulting in the labeling of Lauber in reviews as one of the innovators of "countrypolitan" music, a combination of country blues and jazz. Two years later, Lauber moved to Los Angeles to continue his film composing activities as well as to record another solo singer/songwriter album, "Ken Lauber", for MCA, produced by Val Garay.
Work for other artists.
In New York, Nashville, and Los Angeles, Lauber played keyboards, arranged and produced for Richie Havens, Mimi Farina, Waylon Jennings, Johnny Cash, Doc Watson, Bob Macdill, and Sammy Smith. He also worked with Rick Danko and Kinky Friedman on their solo albums as an arranger and pianist. Lauber's compositions and songs have been recorded by some of the greatest jazz, folk and rock artists in American musical history, including Hank Jones, Richie Havens, Joe Cocker, Tim Hardin, Milt Jackson, Ray Brown, Paul Smith, Red Callender, Toots Theilman and Stanley Clark.
Music in Film and Television.
"Music can be a cinematic or theatrical drama's emotional unconscious, a sensory element that supports the audience's suspension of disbelief. The music must create and join with the audience's emotions by blending a drama's characters with the central storyline." Ken Lauber
Between 1973 and 1983, in Los Angeles, Lauber settled into composing for film and television. He scored both original music and adapted period music to the film Hearts of the West, starring Jeff Bridges and original music for the feature films Chilly Scenes of Winter (film), Peter Fonda’s Wanda Nevada starring Brooke Shields and Fonda, and additional music to Goin' South with Jack Nicholson and Fonda, Emmy Award winning ‘Studs Lonigan’ and ‘Kent State’ and contributed dramatic music for multiple episodes of the successful TV series Alfred Hitchcock Presents’ and ‘Tales from the Darkside’.
Another film score includes the original soundtrack score for the documentary film In Search of Kundun with Martin Scorsese.
Theater Music and Musicals.
Recently, in 2008, Lauber has composed music and written lyrics and book for the stage musical Le Hot Blu in collaboration with Anita Gonzalez. He also has composed book, music and lyrics for the stage musical ‘Sugar Ray’ with Laurence Holder and ‘Steps’ with Neil Dearling. Lauber has provided an original music score for Laurence Holder’s bio drama, ‘Monk’, which completed its first off-Broadway run at the Nuyorican Poets Café. ‘Monk’ was also performed at the National Black Theater Festival and brought an AUDELCO, solo performance of the year award, to Rome Neal.
Other CD’S.
Lauber completed a CD in 2007 entitled "O SOUL SONG" for release in Europe by Douglas Records and can be found in Limited Editions on his web site, kenlauber.net. "O Soul Song" features the esteemed classical Indian bansuri flutist Pt. Hari Prasad Chaurasia.

</doc>
<doc id="19488219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488219" title="Marc Darimont">
Marc Darimont

Marc H. Darimont (1903 in Liège – ?) was a Belgian painter. He painted mainly expressionist landscapes and portraits, gradually evolving towards an increased simplicity and abstract compositions. He also produced drawings, book illustrations and prints.
Marc Darimont was a member of the Liège Modern Art Group and of Liège Royal Circle of Fine Arts.

</doc>
<doc id="19488248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488248" title="Tang Muli">
Tang Muli

Tang Muli () (born 1947 in Shanghai) is a Chinese painter and poet currently residing in Montreal, Quebec. He is the eldest son of celebrated Chinese film director Tang Xiaodan and brother of conductor Tang Muhai.
Tang started painting at the age of six, and received his first international art award at age twelve. During the Cultural Revolution, Tang was assigned to work in a dairy-farm commune outside Shanghai and then as a designer for the Shanghai Agricultural Exhibition.
Tang completed a Master of Arts degree at the Central Academy of Fine Art in Beijing in 1980. He won the Chinese government scholarship for advanced study abroad through its first nation-wide competition. He then received a British Council Fellowship to attend the Royal College of Art in London, England. Subsequently Tang was selected by the prestigious Peter Moores Foundation in 1983 as one of the fifteen most outstanding artists working in Britain, alongside Lucian Freud. In 1984 he obtained a second M.A. degree from the Royal College of Art. 
From 1985 until 1989, Muli Tang was artist-in-residence at Cornell University in Ithaca, New York.
Major works.
In 1972 Tang was commissioned by the Shanghai health service to paint a work about acupuncture's usefulness as an anesthetic in surgery. Art officials were dissatisfied with the painting submitted by a health worker the preceding year, and waived guidelines to allow Tang to paint in the evenings, after he completed his daily farm work. The spareness of Maoist slogans in the result, "Acupuncture Anesthesia" (针刺麻醉), was considered very daring by the art world of the time. "Acupuncture Anesthesia" is currently part of the collection of the National Gallery of China and was exhibited at the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum in New York City and at the Guggenheim Museum Bilbao in 1998 as part of the "China: 5,000 Years" exhibition.
In 1976 Tang began work on "On the March" (转战南北), commissioned by the Shanghai municipal government to mark the first anniversary of Mao Zedong's death. He completed the painting in 1977. The work was exhibited at the New York Asia Society Museum in 2008 as part of its "Art and China's Revolution" exhibition.
"King Chu Bidding Farewell to His Concubine" (霸王别姬) constituted Tang's graduation piece from the Central Academy of Fine Art and remains in the Academy's collection. It was exhibited at the National Gallery of China in 2005. The painting graces the cover of "Shi Ji" (史记) by Si Ma Qian (司马迁), a book on ancient Chinese history published in 1997.
In 2001 Tang was selected by the Parliament of Canada to paint the official portrait of the Honorable Sir John Joseph Caldwell Abbott. The painting was unveiled at a formal ceremony on Parliament Hill on June 3, 2002.
In 2003 Tang published his first volume of poetry, "Selected Poetry and Paintings by Muli Tang".
Style.
Tang won accolades for the graceful, sensitive realism of his works. He has been particularly productive in portraiture; among his subjects are Canadian prime ministers and recipients of the Order of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="19488250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488250" title="Phosphoglycerate">
Phosphoglycerate

Phosphoglycerate may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19488265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488265" title="Tracy Hayworth">
Tracy Hayworth

Tracy Keith Hayworth (born December 18, 1967 in Winchester, Tennessee) is a former American football linebacker in the National Football League. He was drafted by the Detroit Lions in the seventh round of the 1990 NFL Draft. He played college football at Tennessee. He played high school for the Franklin County High School Rebels, as a running back, class of 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="19488283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488283" title="Đeravica Lake">
Đeravica Lake

Đeravica Lake (; ) is a mountain lake in Kosovo located just under the summit of Đeravica. The lake is about above sea level. It is shaped like a tooth and is the origin of the Erenik river which flows down to the Metohija region of western Kosovo. The maximum length of this lake is and the width is . The lake is known for is its many salamanders, which feast on flying insects. The lake has a maximum depth of .
The Lake contains many fish.It has an area of 2 hectares.
Notes and references.
Notes:
References:

</doc>
<doc id="19488310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488310" title="Phosphoglyceric acid">
Phosphoglyceric acid

Phosphoglyceric acid may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19488354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488354" title="Deana Carter discography">
Deana Carter discography

The discography of Deana Carter, an American country music singer, consists of six studio albums and seventeen singles. She debuted in 1995 with two test singles released in the United Kingdom before entering the Hot Country Songs charts in 1996 with "Strawberry Wine", the first of three number-one singles from her album "Did I Shave My Legs for This?" Her second and third albums, "Everything's Gonna Be Alright" and "I'm Just a Girl", also produced top 40 hits at country radio.
Other appearances.
These recordings were only commercially released through compilations or other artists. 
Music videos.
Most of Carter's singles have featured music videos. An album-cut, "I've Loved Enough to Know", featured a video. Deana Carter also released a video for her rendition of "Once Upon a December". 

</doc>
<doc id="19488355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488355" title="Alexander Lion">
Alexander Lion

Alexander Franz Anton Lion (15 December 1870 – 2 February 1962) was the co-founder of the German Scout Movement.
Early life.
Lion was born in Berlin, the second son of six children in a Jewish banker's family. His parents were the merchant and banker Max Lion and Cäcilia Loeser. Between 1876 and 1880 he was privately tutored at home, after which he went to high school. At the age of 16, Lion left the Jewish community, and was later baptized a Catholic.
On 5 August 1889, Lion was awarded a bronze medal of the Order of Orange-Nassau after saving the life of a drowning boy.
He learnt French at high school and took additional private lessons to learn English. After leaving school he studied medicine at University in Würzburg, Berlin and Kiel.
At Easter 1893 Lion signed up as a volunteer in the Bavarian army. Between 1904 and 1906 he served as a surgeon during the Herero and Namaqua Genocide in German South-West Africa. While serving in South-West Africa he met the man with whom he would later go on to found the German branch of the Scout Movement, Maximilian Bayer.
Founding of the German Scout Movement.
In March 1908 Lion read an article in "The Times" entitled "Scouting as a Sport". This brought the founder of the Scout Movement, Robert Baden-Powell, to his attention, and later, in August that year, he began corresponding with Baden-Powell. Shortly after Lion wrote his first article about Scouting in the magazine ""Ärztliche Rundschau"".
During a month long study tour of England in 1909, he spent three days in London with Baden-Powell. Following this meeting he set up the German Scout movement, writing the book ""Das Pfadfinderbuch"", (the Scouting book)., with Maximilian Bayer.
In January 1909 "Jugendsport in Wald und Feld", a club to promote Scouting in Germany, was founded. Lion and Bayer were among the founding members.In 1912 ""Das Pfadfinderbuch"", was published in its 3rd edition as ""Jungdeutschlands Pfadfinderbuch"", which was a stronger German adaptation of "Scouting for Boys" than the two first editions. In 1911, the German federal Scouting organisation was set up, with Lion as a founding member.
The following year, Bayer, Lion and von Seckendorff helped Elise von Hopffgarten to write "Pfadfinderbuch für junge Mädchen" ("the scouting book for young girls"). Free of patriotic language and slogans, they wanted to make young women more independent.
Bayer, Lion and von Seckendorff were subject to attack from General von Jacobi, who accused them of, amongst other things, lacking in support for their country, King and religion. Jacobi created an anti-Semitic cartoon lampooning Lion, playing on Lion's Jewish birth, changing "Jungensport in Feld und Wald" (youth sports in field and forest) to ""Judensport" in Wald und Feld" (Jews' sports in forest and field), and calling Scouting supporter General Baschwitz a "vain Jewish man".
In 1913 Alexander Lion met Emmerich Teuber, an Austrian Scouting pioneer and later member of the International Committee of the World Organization of the Scout Movement, and the two Scout Leaders became friends.
First World War.
On the outbreak of the First World War, Lion became head physician at a field hospital, and worked to treat the wounded on the front lines, work for which he received the Prussian Iron Cross Class II. On 14 October 1915 he became the head physician for the 2nd Royal Bavarian Division. Serving in Lens, he rescued wounded and dying soldiers from the battlefield. For this work he received the Bavarian Merit Cross.
At the end of 1915, Lion was requested to help the German troops stationed in the Ottoman Empire. There he met Colmar Freiherr von der Goltz, who was a big supporter of the Scouting movement in Germany and Lion and Bayer. From April 1916 Lion was a doctor for the First Turkish Expedition Corps. However, in August of that year, Lion fell ill with dysentery. Later that year, in October, he was awarded the Ottoman War Medal for his work. A month later, he returned from the front line to Munich, where his family now lived.
In 1917 he returned to the Turkish front, later moving to the Romanian front, serving at Bukovina with the Royal Bavarian Cavalry Division. After the ceasefire on the Romanian front, he returned to France, serving at Reims and the Somme. Again he put himself at great personal risk to rescue the wounded, winning him the Iron Cross, Class I and the Bavarian Military Merit Cross, 3rd class with Swords. At the end of the war he was serving with the 39th Reserve Division in the Vosges.
The Inter-War Period.
After the war, Lion joined a volunteer division, Freikorps Epp, taking part in the dismantling of the Bavarian Soviet Republic. The last military rank he hold was that of a Generaloberarzt a.D.
After being demobbed from the army in 1921, Lion worked as a doctor at the spa resort of Oberhof. He was also chief of the German Red Cross in Gotha. From 1923 to 1926 he was an active member of the German Democratic Party.
The introduction of the Nuremberg Laws in 1935 saw Lion classified as a Jew and his civil rights suspended.
In 1936 Alexander Lion became Honorary Scoutmaster of the Österreichischer Pfadfinderbund,which was the Austrian interdenominational member organization of World Scouting since 1922.
Even during the Third Reich, Lion remained in contact with his friends in the Scouts in other countries. When Austria was annexed by Germany at Anschluss, the Gestapo found incriminating documents, sparking a wave of arrests among Scouts. On 2 November 1938, Lion was arrested by the Gestapo and subjected to lengthy interrogations. On 19 November, he was moved to the Gestapo's headquarters. There he was put on trial, but, thanks to a skillful defence, he was sentenced to only 10 months for treason.
The Second World War.
Until 1942, Lion lived in Kolbermoor. However, he was then denounced by a supporter of the Nazi Party, but the Mayor personally secured his safety.
Lion's brother, Richard, and his wife, Beatrice, both died in the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp.
Lion's sister, Rosa, died in Vught concentration camp on 02.05.1943.
After the Second World War.
Immediately after the end of the war, Lion became the head of the Youth Office in Bad Aibling, using his position to build up the Federation of German Scouts, and in October 1948 he was appointed the honorary president of the organisation.
He became the driving force in the reconstruction of the Scouting movement, first in Bavaria, but later across the whole of Germany. With his involvement, the first Scout camp of the post-war period war held near Munich between 8 and 10 June 1946. In the same year, the Bavaria Federation of German Scouting was founded, with Lion as its honorary president. In July and August of the same year, a Scout camp was organised at the Chiemsee lake with groups attending from Munich, Cologne and Hesse. In 1948 he took part in an international Scout meeting in Mittenwald.
On 16 October 1946, Lion gave a lecture regarding the Scouting Movement on Radio Munich, giving the movement widespread publicity. In the same year he was officially recognised as a victim of persecution by the Nazi regime. Between 1946 and 1948 Lion was a member of the denazification court in Bad Aibling.
He became honorary president of the new founded Bund Deutscher Pfadfinder.
In August 1951 he took part in the 7th World Scout Jamboree at Bad Ischl, Austria.
Lion died on 3 February 1962.
He is buried in the cemetery in Fischach.

</doc>
<doc id="19488378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488378" title="Ronia, the Robber's Daughter (film)">
Ronia, the Robber's Daughter (film)

"Ronia, the Robber's Daughter (in the UK, Ronja Rövardotter in Sweden, Ronja Robbersdaughter" in the USA) is a 1984 Swedish fantasy film directed by Tage Danielsson, based on the novel of the same title by Astrid Lindgren, and adapted for the screen by Lindgren herself.
When the film was broadcast on television two years after the theatrical premiere, the film was twenty minutes longer and uncensored (the theatrical release allowed viewing from 7 years and older). This spurred a debate where critics asked if film was more harmful in the film theatres than on television.
Reception.
The film was a major success, becoming the highest-grossing 1984 film in Sweden, More than 1.5 million people attended its screenings in Sweden.
Awards and honors.
The film won Reader Jury of the "Berliner Morgenpost" and the Silver Berlin Bear ("For a movie of extraordinary fantasy") at the 35th Berlin International Film Festival in 1985. The film was also nominated for a Golden Bear.

</doc>
<doc id="19488387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488387" title="307th Air Division">
307th Air Division

The 307th Air Division (307th AD) is an inactive United States Air Force organization. Its last assignment was with Continental Air Command, assigned to Twelfth Air Force, being stationed at New Orleans, Louisiana. It was inactivated on 27 June 1949.
History.
Components.
Groups
Operational history.
Activated at Bari, Italy, in January 1944, the 307th had no combat components assigned and served as a source of personnel for Headquarters, Fifteenth Air Force. The wing was disestablished six months later on 15 June 1944.
While active in the Reserve, March 1947-June 1949, the 307th was redesignated as a division.

</doc>
<doc id="19488410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488410" title="Al Harazin">
Al Harazin

Al Harazin served as the New York Mets assistant general manager from 1986 to 1990, and from 1992 to 1993 he served as their general manager.

</doc>
<doc id="19488415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488415" title="Doom, Gloom, Heartache, and Whiskey">
Doom, Gloom, Heartache, and Whiskey

Doom, Gloom, Heartache & Whiskey is English heavy metal band Viking Skull's third studio album. It is the first album to feature the band's two new guitarists, Dom Wallace (formerly of English band Deadeye) and Gnarkill guitarist, Rich Vose.
It was recorded in Royersford, USA, at the Dome Sound Studios, under the direction of Rich Gavalis. 

</doc>
<doc id="19488421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488421" title="István Móna">
István Móna

István Móna (17 September 1940 – 28 July 2010) was a Hungarian modern pentathlete and Olympic champion. He was born in Nyíregyháza.
Olympics.
Móna won a gold medal at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City with the Hungarian team.

</doc>
<doc id="19488429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488429" title="Corey Sawyer">
Corey Sawyer

Corey Franklyn Sawyer (born October 4, 1971) is a former American college and professional football player who was a cornerback in the National Football League (NFL) for six seasons during the 1990s. He played college football for Florida State University, and earned All-American honors. He played professionally for the Cincinnati Bengals and New York Jets of the NFL.
Early years.
Sawyer was born in Key West, Florida. He graduated from Key West High School, where he played high school football for the Key West Conchs.
College career.
Sawyer accepted an athletic scholarship to attend Florida State University, where he played for the Florida State Seminoles football team from 1990 to 1993. He was recognized as a consensus first-team All-American at defensive back as a senior in 1993, and was a member of the Seminoles' team that defeated the Nebraska Cornhuskers 18–16 in the Orange Bowl to win the Bowl Coalition national championship.
Professional career.
The Cincinnati Bengals selected Sawyer in the fourth round (104th pick overall) of the 1994 NFL Draft, and he played for the Bengals from to . He played in 60 regular season games for the Bengals, mostly as a backup at cornerback, but also as a punt and kickoff returner. In his five seasons in Cincinnati, he returned 54 punts for 507 yards and a touchdown, and 15 kickoffs for 305 yards. As a defensive back, he compiled 163 tackles and 11 interceptions for 163 return yards and a touchdown. He also played one NFL season as a backup for the New York Jets in .
He finished his professional career with the Memphis Maniax of the XFL in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19488464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488464" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Whatcom County, Washington">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Whatcom County, Washington

List of entries on the National Register of Historic Places in Whatcom County, Washington
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="19488486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488486" title="La Ley discography">
La Ley discography

La Ley was a two-time Latin Grammy Award winning Chilean pop rock band formed in 1987 by lead singer Beto Cuevas. They released their debut album "Desiertos" in 1989, which was commercially unsuccessful. In 1990 released their official first studio album, "Doble Opuesto" featured a cover version of The Rolling Stones #1 hit single "Angie". In 1992 released "La Ley", in 1995 released "Invisible"; "Vértigo" in 1998. In 2000 released "Uno", which is considered to be their most successful album to date, and their last one "Libertad". They also performed on "MTV Unplugged", and released a greatest hits compilation, "Historias e Histeria".

</doc>
<doc id="19488492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488492" title="Garrison Cemetery">
Garrison Cemetery

Garrison Cemetery may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19488495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488495" title="Gustav Konstantin von Alvensleben">
Gustav Konstantin von Alvensleben

Gustav Konstantin von Alvensleben, called Alvo von Alvensleben (born 25 July 1879 in Neugattersleben; died October 22, 1965 in Seattle, USA) was a German entrepreneur based in Vancouver, British Columbia Canada and Seattle, Washington USA. 
Family.
He was a descendant of the German noble family von Alvensleben and was the third son of Werner von Alvensleben, later Werner von Alvensleben-Neugattersleben (1840-1928) and Anna von Veltheim (1853-1897) and had two sisters and four Brothers, including the businessman and politician Werner von Alvensleben (1875-1947) and later president of the club Count Bodo von Alvensleben-Neugattersleben (1882-1961). The widow of his dead brother's 1914 Joachim (born 1872) was the abbess of the convent at Heiligengrabe and General Manager of the Protestant mission station Armgard of Alvensleben. On 2 April 1908, he married a teacher in Vancouver Edith Westcott (1878-1964). From this marriage there were three children out: Margret (1909-2005), Gero (born 1910) and Bodo (1913-1988). 
Early life.
After attending the Institute of Cadets, he initially began a military career that he entered as a lieutenant. He made his unscheduled farewell and migrated to the Americas. This was because after a publicised argument his father no longer wanted to pay a supplementary allowance. After a brief stay in El Salvador, where he was working on the coffee farms of his older brother Joachim, he moved in the summer of 1904 finally to Vancouver (British Columbia) - with only four dollars in cash.
Life in Vancouver.
First, he worked as a farm laborer, night watchman, fishermen, hunters and sellers of poultry through life, could then buy a boat and after a successful season working on the Fraser River he saved 1500 U.S. dollars. With this money, he continued to make progress forming a real estate and finance company in 1907, which was named Alvensleben Finance and General Investment Company. He switched to credit bilateral large ads in the "Vancouver Sun" newspaper that he very quickly made known. He was also the cofounder in 1907 of the Vancouver Stock Exchange on which he was active. There on some days more than half the daily turnover were his transactions.
Vancouver Real Estate Boom.
Vancouver experienced at this time a real estate boom and a strong economic upturn. Alvensleben succeeded in subsequent years, bringing much German and European capital for investment in British Columbia to mobilize and had significantly contributed to this upturn. This time he worked with his brother Werner, who also had emigrated to Vancouver. Around 1912 were in his company directly employs 50 staff and he had stakes in many companies, including Standard and Fish Fertilizer, Standard Fisheries and Whaling, Vancouver Timber and Trading, Queen Charlotte Iceland Fisheries, Indian River Park (Wigwam Inn), German-Canadian Trust Company, Cassiar Mining, Vancouver-Nanaimo Coal Mining and Issaquah & Superior Mining Company.
His business was assisted by the assumption that as his father was a close friend of Kaiser Wilhelm he was investing his money and representing his business interests. This caused other Germans to wish to invest their funds alongside. In fact most of the Kaiser's investments were in German municipal securities and with the firm of Bleichroder.
Issaquah & Superior Mining.
The latter was at Issaquah in King County in the U.S. state of Washington, USA. Alvensleben became involved there in a restructuring after the mine through many years of labor disputes had been declared bankrupt. The contemporary accounts stated that the mine facilities have been modernized and more than 500 workers employed. The contemporary chroniclers report that Alvensleben created labor peace with "almost socialistic ideas" he restored it by paying fair wages, humane working conditions and fostering good opportunities for residential care and cooperated sensibly with the unions. The rehabilitation of the mine caused a boom in construction: "In 1913 in Issaquah will be more residential and commercial buildings have been built as in the two decades before". 
Alvensleben embodied in this time the "American Dream": He had by vigor, vision and entrepreneurial risk-taking within a few years advanced from a simple day laborer to become a millionaire in high finance. Even within his lifetime he was regarded as a legend and is now considered one of the great figures from the pioneering days of British Columbia's views.
First World War.
The outbreak of the First World War led to an abrupt end of his economic empire. His assets were confiscated as enemy property. He had to escape an arrest, leaving Canada and settling in Seattle. Then in 1917 when the United States entered the war, he became suspected as a "spy". He was arrested by a business associate Marshall Latham Bond. He was held in the internment camps Fort Douglas in the state of Utah, from 1920 until he again dismissed. He was acquitted after the war though others in his organization were found guilty. Among his defenders was his arresting officer Marshall Bond. He then worked in real estate business and as a stockbroker in Seattle, but without his previous economic successes, he could not operate on the same scale again. In 1939 he was naturalized as an American citizen.

</doc>
<doc id="19488498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488498" title="2000 Australia Beechcraft King Air crash">
2000 Australia Beechcraft King Air crash

Sierra Kilo Charlie was the call sign for a chartered Beechcraft 200 Super King Air which crashed near Burketown, Queensland, Australia on Monday 4 September 2000, resulting in the deaths of all 8 occupants. The flight plan for the aircraft called for the pilot to fly between Perth, Western Australia, and the mining town of Leonora, Western Australia. During the flight, the aircraft climbed above its assigned altitude. When air traffic control (ATC) contacted the pilot, the pilot's speech had become significantly impaired and he was unable to respond to instructions. Three aircraft intercepted the Beechcraft but were unable to make radio contact. The aircraft continued flying on a straight heading for five hours before running out of fuel and crashing 65 km sorth-east of Burketown. The accident became known in the media as the "Ghost Flight".
A subsequent investigation concluded that the pilot and passengers had become incapacitated and had been suffering from hypoxia, a lack of oxygen to the body, meaning the pilot would have been unable to operate the aircraft. Towards the end of the flight, the left engine began to be starved of fuel and the aircraft crashed into the ground. The accident report said that, due to extensive damage to the aircraft, investigators were unable to conclude if any of the eight aboard had used the oxygen system. The Australian Transport Safety Bureau (ATSB) final report did not conclude what incapacitated the occupants. A number of safety recommendations were made following the accident.
Background.
The aircraft involved in the accident was a Beechcraft 200 Super King Air, registration VH-SKC, serial number BB-47, manufactured in 1975. The aircraft had 18,771 hours of service before the accident. The amount of air passed into the cabin is controlled by bleed air valves on the engines. The positions of the bleed air valves can be altered by the pilot. According to the accident report, "The aircraft was not ﬁtted with a high cabin altitude aural warning device, nor was it required to be." The aircraft was fitted with an emergency oxygen system—an oxygen tank which could supply oxygen to the crew through two masks located in the cockpit and to passengers through masks which drop from the ceiling of the cabin. 
Accident investigators concluded the aircraft was airworthy at the time the accident occurred, and a pilot who flew the aircraft earlier in the day said the aircraft functioned normally. "The maintenance release was current and an examination of the aircraft’s maintenance records found no recurring maintenance problems that may have been factors in the accident," the accident report stated.
Accident.
On 4 September 2000, the aircraft, chartered by mining company Sons of Gwalia, departed Perth, Western Australia, for the mining town of Leonora, Western Australia, transporting seven workers to Gwalia Gold Mine. The aircraft took off from Perth at 6:09 pm local time (1009 Coordinated Universal Time (UTC)), and one minute later was cleared by ATC to climb to FL130 (). Five minutes later, at 1015, the aircraft was cleared to ascend to its cruising altitude of FL250 (); the pilot was told to ascend to FL160 by the time it was from Perth. The pilot acknowledged this transmission. 
Five minutes later, at 1020, as the aircraft passed through FL156 () it was cleared to waypoint DEBRA; the pilot acknowledged this. At approximately 1033 the aircraft ascended through FL256 () and ATC requested the pilot to confirm the altitude of the aircraft. “Sierra Kilo Charlie–um–standby," the pilot said. This was the final spoken transmission from the aircraft, and the altitude of the aircraft continued to increase. According to the accident report, transmissions from the aircraft thereafter were only open-microphone transmissions, sounds of what is believed to be standard background noise produced by the engines, a person breathing, "one unintelligible syllable", and "two chime-like tones, similar to those generated by electronic devices." ATC attempted to regain contact with the aircraft as the transmissions occurred. "Sierra Kilo Charlie Sierra Kilo Charlie Melbourne Centre if receiving this transmission squawk ident" the controller in contact with the aircraft said at 1040. At 1041, the controller asked again, "Sierra Kilo Charlie only receiving open mike from you. Would you contact me on one two ﬁve decimal two."
The aircraft continued to ascend and left radar coverage at 1102, climbing through FL325 (). Thirty-one minutes later, Australian Search and Rescue contacted a business jet to request the aircraft fly near the Beechcraft to observe the situation aboard. The flight crew of the jet said the Beechcraft had levelled off at FL343 (), and there was no movement on the flight deck or in the cabin. They added the conditions made it difficult to make observations of the situation of the Beechcraft. 
Two other aircraft were then told to intercept and monitor the Beechcraft; they sighted it in the Northern Territory, northwest of Alice Springs. The flight crews of the aircraft reported the Beechcraft was making a steady descent. Both aircraft followed the Beechcraft during the descent. The airspeed of the Beechcraft increased during the descent. "Although its external lights were on, nothing could be seen inside the cabin" the accident report stated. "The crews of the chase aircraft attempted to contact the pilot of the Beechcraft by radio but they did not receive a response." At 1510, the aircraft turned left through 90 degrees as it descended through . The aircraft hit the ground about 65 km south-east of Burketown, Queensland. Upon impact the aircraft broke up; all seven passengers and the pilot died.
Investigation.
The accident was investigated by the Australian Transport Safety Bureau (ATSB), a federal body responsible for investigating transportation accidents in Australia. The final accident report was published in March 2001. The report was unable to make a definitive conclusion as to the cause of the crash.
The report found all those aboard the aircraft, including the pilot, had likely become incapacitated and begun suffering from hypoxia. 
The accident report stated, "After the aircraft climbed above the assigned altitude of FL250, the speech and breathing patterns of the pilot, evidenced during the radio transmissions, displayed changes consistent with hypoxia." Investigators were, however, unable to conclusively dismiss toxic fumes as the cause. "The incapacitation of the pilot and passengers was probably due to hypobaric hypoxia because of the high cabin altitude and their not receiving supplemental oxygen" the report said, adding, "The reasons for the pilot and passengers not receiving supplemental oxygen the oxygen tank aboard the aircraft could not be determined."
The ATSB found it likely that the autopilot was engaged and this caused the aircraft to fly on a straight heading; the vertical path of the aircraft indicated climb power had been set before the occupants of the aircraft were incapacitated. "The design of the aircraft systems were such that, with the autopilot engaged, the engines would continue to operate and the aircraft would continue to ﬂy without human input until it was disrupted by other events, such as collision or fuel exhaustion," according to the accident report. It was suggested that, towards the end of the flight, the fuel tank for the left engine was almost empty. "The near exhaustion of fuel in the left wing tanks may have produced at least one, and probably several, momentary losses of left engine power shortly before all power was lost" the report said. "The aircraft yawed and rolled towards the left engine, as was observed shortly before the aircraft collided with the ground."
The accident report said due to the damage to the aircraft upon impact with the ground, investigators were unable to conclude if any of the eight aboard used the oxygen system. However, the report stated "The absence of a distress radio call, or an attempt to descend the aircraft, and the likelihood that the pilot did not don his oxygen mask, suggested that the pilot was unaware that the aircraft was unpressurised or depressurising." The passengers, the report added, were also likely not wearing their oxygen masks, as there was no noise recorded on the ATC transmissions indicating they were attempting to assist the pilot.
Investigators were not able to determine what caused the depressurisation of the aircraft, but stated likely causes included either an incorrect switch selection due to pilot error or a mechanical failure in the aircraft pressurisation system. The air traffic control recordings suggested it was unlikely a rapid decompression had occurred. "During an explosive or rapid depressurisation of a pressurised aircraft, however, the noise, pressure changes, temperature changes and draughts within the cabin would have alerted the occupants that a substantial failure had occurred," the report added. The document listed the two main factors in the accident as,
Aural warning.
In the aftermath of an incident in 1999 in which the pilot of a Beechcraft Super King Air suffered hypoxia, the ATSB published Report 199902928 and recommended an aural warning be fitted on the flight deck of all Australian Beechcraft Super King Air aircraft. The flight deck of the Beechcraft Super King Air only has visual warning of inadequate cabin pressure.
In the aftermath of the Ghost Flight, the Civil Aviation Safety Authority issued a Discussion Paper and a Notice of Proposed Rule Making (NPRM), both proposing aural warning in the Beechcraft Super King Air and other pressurised aircraft. The outcome of consultation on the NPRM was that the Civil Aviation Safety Authority did not mandate aural warning of inadequate cabin pressure and this angered the families of some of the victims. Instead, the Civil Aviation Safety Authority issued a notice to owners of pressurised aircraft registered in Australia recommending installation of an aural warning, but not making it mandatory. The notice said, "The benefit to your pilots and passengers lies in the reduction in risk of an uncommanded depressurisation leading to an incident or fatal accident. The benefit is much greater than the cost of purchase and installation of one of these low-cost systems."
Coronial inquest.
The West Australian Coroner, Mr. Alistair Hope, conducted an inquest into the deaths of the eight occupants of the aircraft. The inquest determined that the deaths were accidental, but was unable to determine the cause of the crash. The Coroner recommended an aural alarm system for pressurised aircraft, and a low-cost "black box" flight recorder.
The Coroner was critical of the poor co-ordination between the ATSB, the Queensland Police and the Civil Aviation Safety Authority (CASA). He also criticised the ATSB for failing to take notes when interviewing witnesses, and for its poor presentation of evidence.
Air traffic control.
When the air traffic controller responsible for the Beechcraft received the open-microphone transmissions, he alerted his supervisor that he was concerned the pilot could be suffering from hypoxia. The controller and his supervisor completed the standard checklist which, at the time, did not include a procedure to follow in the case of incapacitation or hypoxia. In the aftermath of the accident, the checklist was changed to "incorporate procedures to be followed by air trafﬁc controllers, when a controller suspects that a pilot has been affected by hypoxia."

</doc>
<doc id="19488540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488540" title="Judith Castillo">
Judith Castillo

Judith Josefina Castillo Uribe born in Caracas, Venezuela on June 16, 1958. Won the 1976 Miss Venezuela contest, representing Nueva Esparta, after Elluz Peraza, of Guárico had resigned only two days after her victory. Castillo was the official representative of Venezuela to the Miss Universe 1976 pageant held in Hong Kong on July 11, 1976; when she won the title of 1st Runner Up.

</doc>
<doc id="19488562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488562" title="309th Air Division">
309th Air Division

The 309th Air Division (309th AD) is an inactive United States Air Force organization. Its last assignment was with Continental Air Command, assigned to Twelfth Air Force, being stationed at Hensley AFB, Texas. It was inactivated on 27 June 1949.
The 309th Bombardment Wing from February 1944 served as the forward command and control element of all Fifth Air Force units. Numerous tactical and support components were assigned or attached to the wing during World War II. Its subordinate units flew missions against shipping, coastal installations, storage buildings, gun positions, airdromes, and, when possible, Japanese troop concentrations, and its tactical reconnaissance units flew numerous photo missions.
After the Japanese surrendered, 309th personnel systematically destroyed Japanese aircraft and equipment of no value to the U.S. Government. Another effort involved supporting aircraft that staged through Chitose AB on their return to the United States. Operational duties consisted of surveillance flights by P-51 aircraft covering northern Honshū and Hokkaido Islands. Inactivated in Japan during early 1946.
Activated as part of the Air Force Reserve at Hensley Field, Texas in 1947 controlling B-29 Superfortress groups for Strategic Air Command. The organization was redesignated as an Air Division in April 1948 as part of the realignment of the United States Air Force command echelon structure. It was primarily an administrative organization. It inactivated in 1949.
History.
Components.
Groups

</doc>
<doc id="19488574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488574" title="List of mayors of Roxbury, Massachusetts">
List of mayors of Roxbury, Massachusetts

The Mayor of Roxbury was the head of the municipal government in Roxbury, Massachusetts. There was no Mayor of Roxbury until 1846 because up to that point Roxbury was still incorporated as a town. When Roxbury was annexed by the City of Boston the position was abolished.
This is a list of Mayors of Roxbury, Massachusetts. 

</doc>
<doc id="19488575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488575" title="2001 Chatham Cup">
2001 Chatham Cup

The 2001 Chatham Cup was the 74th annual nationwide knockout football competition in New Zealand.
Up to the last 16 of the competition, the cup was run in three regions (northern, central, and southern), with central and southern regions combining at the fourth round and an open draw from the quarter-finals on. National League teams received a bye until the Fourth Round. In all, 136 teams took part in the competition. Note: Different sources give different numberings for the rounds of the competition. Some record five rounds prior to the quarter-finals; others note a preliminary round followed by four full rounds. The former system is used in this article.
Tied matches were decided by golden goal extra time and penalty shoot-outs.
The 2001 final.
University-Mount Wellington and Central United played out a six-goal draw before the match went to penalties. This came down to the tenth kick, with University-Mount Wellington winning 5–4.
The Jack Batty Memorial Cup is awarded to the player adjudged to have made to most positive impact in the Chatham Cup final. The winner of the 2001 Jack Batty Memorial Cup was Paul Bunbury of University-Mount Wellington.
Results.
Final.
University-Moutn Wellington won 5–4 on penalties:

</doc>
<doc id="19488594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488594" title="Grupo Climax">
Grupo Climax

Grupo Climax is a dance group from Veracruz, Veracruz, Mexico and was created by DJ Oscar Lobo (also known as Oskar Lobo) in 2004. They released a very successful recording titled "La Mesa Que Más Aplauda" taken from their album "Za Za Za", which peaked at number one in the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums for five consecutive weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="19488600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488600" title="John Richardson House">
John Richardson House

John Richardson House may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19488618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488618" title="Little Walker Caldera">
Little Walker Caldera

Little Walker Caldera is a depression in the eastern Sierra Nevada that is adjacent to the Sweetwater Mountains. The caldera is very large, measuring about in diameter. The Little Walker Caldera is named for the Little Walker River; it is the river that is little, not the caldera. U.S. Route 395 in California crosses the Northern boundary of the caldera, just west of the Devil's Gate Pass. California State Route 108 follows more of the northern boundary of the caldera.
Little Walker Caldera last produced a major eruption about 9 million years ago. Andesitic lava and tuff from the series of three eruptive events are found several hundred feet thick as far away as Antelope Valley, Mono County, 20 miles north, Bridgeport Valley to the south, and Sonora 60 miles to the west.[http://www.panoramio.com/photo/8320803] The lava flows near Sonora are readily visible from California State Route 108 and followed the gold laden stream beds in the area. Rich placer gold deposits have been revealed by excavating the ancient stream beds that lie underneath the lava flows.
Refer to Stanislaus Group volcanic rocks, Table Mountain, Sonora [http://www.panoramio.com/photo/8320803], and the Eureka Valley Tuff for more information on the emissions from the Little Walker Caldera eruptions.
The Little Walker Caldera is classified as extinct, although it continues to produce substantial hot spring activity and occasional earthquakes.
Some parts of the Little Walker Caldera overlap the northernmost extent of the Yosemite National Park.
Scholarly discussion of the history of the Little Walker Caldera may be found at:

</doc>
<doc id="19488649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488649" title="Henrietta M. King High School">
Henrietta M. King High School

Henrietta M. King High School is a 3A public high school located in Kingsville, Texas (USA). It is part of the Kingsville Independent School District located in west central Kleberg County. In 2011, the school was rated "Academically Unacceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.
History.
H.M. King High School is named after the wife of Richard King, founder of the King Ranch, Henrietta King.
Athletics.
The Kingsville King Brahmas compete in the following sports:
Cross Country, Volleyball, Football, Basketball, Powerlifting, Soccer, Golf, Tennis, Track, Softball & Baseball
State Finalists.
State Champions 1929
Football.
Football games are held at Javelina Stadium.
Soccer.
Soccer games for both the girls and boys teams are held at the MOPAC field for home games.
Powerlifting.
The school's powerlifting program has always been a strong part of the athletic department, notable lifters include Mark Cortez and Javiel Rojas. The program is currently under the leadership of Doug Kent.
Arts.
Band.
H.M. King High School features a strong musical program through its concert bands and marching band under the direction of Rolando Molina. The H.M. King Mighty Brahma Marching Band has had consistent success throughout the years, having gone to the State-level UIL Marching Band competition in San Antonio, Texas for the 13th time in the 2009-2010 marching season.

</doc>
<doc id="19488659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488659" title="Pied">
Pied

Pied may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19488674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488674" title="Robert Ingham">
Robert Ingham

Robert Ingham (1793 – 21 October 1875) was a British barrister and politician.
The fourth son of the surgeon William Ingham and his wife Jane Walker, of Newcastle upon Tyne, Ingham was educated at Harrow School and Oriel College, Oxford. He graduated with a B.A. in 1815 and an M.A. in 1818, and held a fellowship at Oriel from 1816 until 1826.
Ingham took to the law and was admitted to Lincoln's Inn on 16 June 1820, moving to the Inner Temple in 1825. He was returned as Member of Parliament (MP) for South Shields in the election of 1832, as a Whig. One of his strongest supporters in Shields was local heroine Dolly Peel. He continued to represent South Shields until he was defeated by John Twizell Wawn in the election of 1841. He was also appointed recorder of Berwick-upon-Tweed in June 1832.
In 1846, he was appointed Attorney-General of Durham. In 1850, he became a bencher of the Inner Temple. When Wawn retired in 1852, Ingham beat Henry Liddell in the 1852 election to regain his seat. Ingham resigned his attorney-generalship in 1861, and served as reader of the Inner Temple in 1862 and treasurer in 1863. He stood down at the 1868 election, and resigned the recordership of Berwick in 1870. He died in Westoe five years later.

</doc>
<doc id="19488686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488686" title="USNS Sgt. Truman Kimbro (T-AK-254)">
USNS Sgt. Truman Kimbro (T-AK-254)

USNS "Sgt. Truman Kimbro" (T-AK-254) was a "Boulder Victory"-class cargo ship built for the U.S. Maritime Commission during the final months of World War II. 
She was acquired by the U.S. Army in 1946 and renamed USAT "Sgt. Truman Kimbro" and served the Army until 1950 when she was acquired by the United States Navy. She served the Navy worldwide until 1973 when she was struck and sold.
Victory built in California.
"Sgt. Truman Kimbro" (AK-254) was laid down under Maritime Commission contract (MCV hull 547) as "Hastings Victory" on 30 September 1944 by the Permanente Metals Corporation, Richmond, California; launched on 30 November 1944; sponsored by Mrs. John A. Mc Keown; and delivered to the War Shipping Administration on 22 December 1944 for operation by the Grace Line.
U.S. Army service.
"Hastings Victory" was operated by the Grace Line during the remainder of World War II and into the spring of 1946. She was then returned to the Maritime Commission and, on 18 June 1946, was transferred to the U.S. Army. Renamed "Sgt. Truman Kimbro" on 31 October 1947, she was operated by the Army Transportation Service through the 1940s and, on 19 January 1950, was laid up in the National Defense Reserve Fleet at Olympia, Washington.
U.S. Navy service.
Korean War service.
By July, however, war had broken out in Korea, and she was ordered reactivated for transfer to the Navy. On 5 August, she was assigned to the Navy's Military Sea Transportation Service (MSTS) ; and, manned by a civil service crew, she was placed in service in September as USNS "Sgt. Truman Kimbro" (T-AK-254).
Throughout the Korean War, the ship was primarily employed in moving vital cargo across the Pacific Ocean to United Nations forces fighting on that embattled peninsula. She also made shorter runs to Alaskan ports and to central Pacific bases.
Post-war service.
After the war, her itinerary was extended to include most large Far Eastern ports. In the spring of 1958, she was shifted temporarily to Greenland, transatlantic, and Mediterranean runs. 
She completed her last voyage to the Mediterranean in October; transited the Suez Canal in November; and resumed cargo operations in the Pacific in December. Since then, into 1974, the Victory ship continued to carry cargo for MSTS, now called the Military Sealift Command.
Post-war decommissioning and career.
"Sgt. Truman Kimbro" was placed out of service at an unknown date and struck from the Navy List on 15 June 1973. She was placed into reserve at the National Defense Reserve Fleet, Suisun Bay, Benicia, California until sold for scrapping on 1 October 1982.
Honors and awards.
The "Sgt. Truman Kimbro" earned two battle stars during the Korean War:
Qualified vessel personnel were authorized the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19488689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488689" title="Georges Kopp">
Georges Kopp

Georges Kopp, (St Petersburg, Russia 1902 – Marseilles, France 15 July 1951) was an engineer who had lived in Belgium for about 25 years and volunteered to fight for the Republicans in the Spanish Civil War, rising to become commander of the 3rd Regiment, Lenin Division, a militia unit belonging to the Workers' Party of Marxist Unification (POUM) which saw active service on the Aragon front, and was later incorporated into the regular army as the 29th Division of the Republican government's Popular Army. Kopp rose to become captain in the general staff of the 45th brigade of the Republican army.
He is mentioned in George Orwell's autobiographical account of the Civil War, "Homage to Catalonia" (1938), and towards the end of the book, when Orwell describes the Barcelona May Days. In his account, Orwell testifies to Kopp's personal bravery in the Barcelona episode in single-handedly preventing further bloodshed. The subsequent outlawing of the POUM (16 June 1937) resulted in its members being arrested and thrown into jail, and Orwell refers to his last-minute, and ineffectual, attempts to get Kopp released from prison. Kopp was finally released after 18 months, after having been interrogated by NKVD agents, and in 1939 managed to reach England, where he was nursed by Lawrence O' Shaughnessy, a thoracic surgeon and Orwell's brother-in-law (Eileen O'Shaughnessy's brother), and his wife, Gwen.
At the outbreak of World War II in September 1939, he joined the French Foreign Legion and fought in the Battle of France in May–June 1940. He was severely wounded and made prisoner, but escaped from a military hospital. Thereafter he joined the Foreign Legion headquarters in Algeria. But because of his frail health, he was allowed to leave the Legion. He set out to work as an engineer in Marseilles, in Vichy France. He used his work as a cover to work for British Naval Intelligence. When his spy-ring was discovered, he was flown out of France by the British.
MI5 recognized the value of his work and helped him settle in England. His case officer was Anthony Blunt. 
Previously married to Germaine Warnotte, in 1944 he married Gwen O'Shaughnessy's sister, Doreen Hunton, and farmed in Scotland.
Kopp kept corresponding with Orwell for quite a while. He even sent him letters from France during the war. The friendship cooled in the late 1940s. When MI5 asked Orwell what kind of man Kopp was, he told them he was an "unpolitical" man. A loyal person, driven by honest anti-Nazi-feelings, but also an adventurer. After his adventurous military career, he became an inventor of a buggy, a washing machine and a sand-sieving machine. His biggest success was the Tinto heater, an oil heater. His designs were far ahead of his time but he lacked commercial instinct and his financial troubles almost ruined him. He went to France to take up a consulting job in the petrochemical industry.
Georges Kopp died in 1951 in Les Pennes-Mirabeau near Marseilles from complications caused by his war wounds.
Orwell's description of Kopp's background has been questioned. According to this source, Kopp had invented most of his own past. For example, he claimed to have been a Belgian and to have served in the Belgian army. Although personal records show that Kopp understood what was at stake in Spain, he privately also admitted simply being on the run from a broken marriage. He had an ex-wife Germaine Warnotte and five young children when he went to Spain. 
One of Orwell's biographers, Jeffrey Meyers, suggested in his "Orwell. Wintry Conscience of a Generation" (2000), that Georges Kopp was Orwell's main inspiration when he created the character of O'Brien in "1984".

</doc>
<doc id="19488707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488707" title="Civil-military operations center">
Civil-military operations center

A civil-military operations center or CMOC is a center usually established by a military force for coordinating civil-military operations in an area of operations. It usually serves as a meeting place for military and non military entities involved in stabilization, humanitarian relief and reconstruction activities or for interaction between these entities and the civilian population. Often, it also serves as a central location for information on civilian related activities in the area or maintains the status of the infrastructure or institutions. During combat operations, a CMOC is usually in a secure compound.
Historical example.
During the Iraq War, the U.S. Marines operated a CMOC near the city of Fallujah outside of the MEK Compound. This CMOC was called the Fallujah Liaison Team or F.L.T. and it was a compound used for interaction between the Marines and the local civilians. At the F.L.T., Marines supported by U.S. Navy Seabees developed and managed reconstruction projects with local contractors. Marines also settled battle damage claims and facilitated reestablishment of local governance.
International operations.
Humanitarian operations involving multiple international organizations often use other terms for a CMOC, such as Combined Coordination Center. These centers seek to achieve coordination and unity of effort among organizations delivering humanitarian aid during disaster relief.
Historical example.
During the humanitarian response to the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake, militaries from multiple countries worked with non-governmental organizations at a Combined Coordination Center to organize delivery of humanitarian aid to the region.

</doc>
<doc id="19488716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488716" title="Rich Puig">
Rich Puig

Richard Gerald Puig (born March 16, 1953 in Tampa, Florida) is a former Major League Baseball player. The second baseman's major league career spanned four games for the New York Mets in . He was selected fourteenth overall in the 1971 Major League Baseball Draft by the Mets, one spot ahead of future Hall of Famer Jim Rice.
Puig was attending Hillsborough High School in Tampa, Florida when he was drafted. Upon graduation, he joined their Appalachian League affiliate in Marion, Virginia, where he batted .217 with three home runs and thirteen runs batted in. Though he was drafted primarily for his glove, he displayed sloppy defense, committing seventeen errors.
He spent four seasons in the Mets' farm system, batting .251 with 27 home runs and 132 RBIs, when he received a September call up to New York in . In eleven plate appearances, he drew one walk. He also committed one error on the field.
He began the season with the Mets' triple A affiliate, the Tidewater Tides, but was released mid-season with a .182 batting average, no home runs and three RBIs. He caught on with the Chicago White Sox shortly afterwards, and remained in their organization through before retiring.
References.
External links.
, or The Ultimate Mets Database

</doc>
<doc id="19488723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488723" title="Gene Howard">
Gene Howard

Gene Howard (born December 22, 1946 in Little Rock, Arkansas) is a former American football cornerback in the National Football League. He was drafted by the New Orleans Saints in the seventh round of the 1968 NFL Draft. He played college football at Langston University.
Howard also played for the Los Angeles Rams.

</doc>
<doc id="19488737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488737" title="Santo Domingo (Mexico City)">
Santo Domingo (Mexico City)

Santo Domingo in Mexico City refers to the Church of Santo Domingo and its Plaza, also called Santo Domingo. Both are located three blocks north of the Mexico City Metropolitan Cathedral following Republica de Brasil Street with Belisario Dominguez Street separating the two.
The Church.
Officially known as the Señor de la Expiración Chapel, the church is located on the north side of Belisario Dominguez and faces the plaza. It is all that is left from the first monastery to be established in New Spain. This monastery was established soon after the Dominicans arrived to New Spain in 1526. They moved into houses that were donated to them by the Guerrero family, where later the Palace of the Inquisition would be built. The initially replaced the houses to found a church, living quarters and a jail for those found guilty of religious crimes. (The Dominicans were in charge of the Inquisition.) A couple of decades later, it was decided that expansion was needed and the first church on the Santo Domingo site was consecrated in 1590. Around it was built the monastery, funded by Philip II of Spain, with four patios which divided the monks and laypeople associated with the monastery by rank as well as a main hall, a rectory, a library and an infirmary. However, poor construction, the soft soil and earthquakes made rebuilding a necessity. The second church was built between 1556 and 1571. The current church the third to be built on this site. It is Baroque architecture made of pink stone, begun in 1717 and finished in 1736. The monastery and atrium that the church used to be part of was destroyed in 1861 during anti-clerical movement, destroying the chapel of Del Rosario and Tercera Orden as well. This opened up what is now Leandro Valle Street on the church's west side.
Due to its style, the church is attributed to Pedro de Arrieta. The general style is considered to be Mexican Baroque but before the introduction of the common "estipite" column with its signature inverted truncated pyramids. The front facade is covered in tezontle, a blood-colored volcanic stone and the portal is made mostly of cantera, a white/grey stone. It has twelve columns around the main entrance, with Saint Francis and Saint Augustine on the first floor. On the second floor, a stone relief depicts Saint Dominic kneeling as he receives the keys of heaven from Saint Peter and the Epistles from Saint Paul as the Holy Spirit rises above the group. In the center at the top is a bas relief of the Assumption located between two windows that light the choir area. It is decorated on the east side with stone figures of Saint Dominic and Saint Francis. Their arms are intertwined and shown to be literally holding up the Church of Letrán.
Inside, the floor plan of the church is that of a Latin cross. The main altarpiece is neoclassical and the work of Manuel Tolsá, which was created to replace the original Baroque one done by Pedro Patiño Ixtolinque. The altar to the left of the transept is dedicated to the Virgin of Covadonga. On a wall in the wide central area, there is a large niche containing the image of the Virgin Mary. Above this is a sculpture depicting the scene at the Calvary. Higher still is an oil painting of the Coronation of Mary and at the crest is the cross of the Battle of Covandonga between two windows. Each of the lateral windows has two oil paintings decorating them and finished with the coat-of-arms of Castile as well as the emblem of the Dominican order. This area is completed with the reliefs of saints and the carvings of cherubs. At the right of the transept, there is the Virgin del Camino altarpiece created by Alonso López de Herrera. The altarpiece contains figures called the "Descent," "Saint Dominic in Soriano," and gilded statues of the martyrs Saint Peter and Vicente Ferrer. The church also has a choir in the shape of a horseshoe with 32 seats made of cedar, each with an image of a different saint carved in relief into the backs.
Next to it is the neo-Baroque Rosario Chapel which dates from 1946.
The Plaza.
To the south of the church is Plaza San Domingo. It is flanked to the west by the Portal de Evangelistas, which is a Tuscan colonnade with round arches. Scribes with typewriters and antique printing machines work in this Portal. Scribes offer their services to illiterate clients, often offering services similar to that of lawyers, counselors, and financial consultants. A statue of Josefa Ortiz de Dominguez, a heroine of the Mexican War of Independence stands in a fountain in the middle of the plaza. It was sculpted by Enrique Alcati.
Unfortunately, this area is also very well known for the falsification of documents. According to the intelligence division of the Policia Judicial of the Distrito Federal, in addition to the 242 print shops that operate legally in this zone, there have noted 614 cases of printers set up to falsify documents in the various apartments and other living quarters that surround this area. Most of these are located on La Plaza 23 de Mayo, República de Cuba, República de Chile an Justo Sierra Streets.
Historic structures near the plaza.
A small church called San Lorenzo-Deacon and Martyr, is located at 28 Belisario Dominguez, to the left of the facade of the Santo Domingo Church. This small church is the descendent of a number of chapels that have been on this spot, and that in the 16th century was one of four chapels that were at the corners of the monastery property. One of the oldest structures that was at this spot was called the "Chapel of the "Morenos"" (dark-skinned), named so because here is where the Dominican friars evangelized to the indigenous population. The church currently at the spot originally had 4 altars, dedicated to the crucified Christ, the rosary, Saint Joseph and Saint Dismas respectively. However, these have long since been replaced with one simple altar. The portal of the church is from the 19th century with a simple arch on posts decorated with sculpted vegetation. Above this is a monogram of Christ's name. This church has serious structural problems. It is thought that its cupola could collapse at any moment. There was one case where a stone almost a meter across fell, destroying pews, but this happened at a time when no one was in the church.
At 97 Republica de Cuba is the house on property that once belonged to Juan Jaramillo, husband of La Malinche. The current structure only dates from the 18th century, but it rests on much older foundations.
At 92 Republica de Cuba is a building that dates from the Porfirio Diaz presidency at the end of the 19th century and beginning of the 20th. Today the building houses a music school. 
At 37 Republica de Brasil is the house where Leona Vicario, a heroine of the Mexican War of Independence died. Today it is a private museum.

</doc>
<doc id="19488745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488745" title="310th Air Division">
310th Air Division

The 310th Air Division (310th AD) is an inactive United States Air Force organization. Its last assignment was with Continental Air Command, assigned to Twelfth Air Force, being stationed at Tinker AFB, Oklahoma. It was inactivated on 27 June 1949.
During World War II, the 310 Bombardment Wing, Medium was a command and control echelon of Fifth Air Force in the Southwest Pacific theater, controlling numerous fighter and bomber groups and squadrons until the Japanese surrender in 1945. Its attached units flew missions against Japanese shipping, coastal installations, gun positions, airdromes, and troop concentrations. Fighting in New Guinea and later the Philippine Islands, attached fighter units flew escort for bombing, supply, and reconnaissance missions. Inactivated in Japan during early 1946.
Activated as part of the Air Force Reserve at Tinker Field, Oklahoma in 1947. The organization was redesignated as an Air Division in April 1948 as part of the realignment of the United States Air Force command echelon structure. It was primarily an administrative organization. It inactivated in 1949.
History.
Components.
Wing
Groups
Squadrons
Operations.
Activated in New Guinea in February 1944, the 310th wing maintained operational control over numerous attached groups and squadrons until the Japanese surrender in 1945. Its attached units flew missions against Japanese shipping, coastal installations, gun positions, airdromes, and troop concentrations. Fighting in New Guinea and later the Philippine Islands, attached fighter units flew escort for bombing, supply, and reconnaissance missions.
In October 1945, the wing moved to Japan and served in the occupation force.
The 310th Bomb Wing (Light) was organized as an Reserve unit on 19 February 1947 at Tinker AFB. The 310th Bombardment Wing was officially activated on 10 July 1947 in accordance with 10th Air Force General Order (10 AF GO) #41, 26 June 1947. The 323d Bombardment Group and 456th Bombardment Squadron at Tinker Field, the 340 Bombardment Group, 487th and 488th Bombardment Squadrons at Tulsa, and the 489th Bombardment Squadron at Davis Field were activated between 9 September and 12 November 1947, with requests for activation of up to five more bombardment squadrons pending as of early 1948.
Even before the bomb wing’s activation, it was decided that it should be equipped with the respected Douglas A-26 “Invader” light bombardment aircraft. The bomb wing’s reservists were indeed fortunate to receive several of these light bombers by mid-1948, with the promise of more. Plans were underway soon afterwards to activate the 323d Bombardment Group, and the 455th and 456th Bombardment Squadrons, all subordinate units of the 310th Bombardment Wing.
By April 1948 the 310th Bombardment Wing had grown so large that it was redesignated the 310th Air Division with (by then) Brigadier General Lewis remaining in command. The 323d Bombardment Group became the 323d Bombardment Wing (Light) on the same date, with Lieutenant Colonel R. Ahern commanding. From that point, the 323d Bombardment Wing became the focal point for Air Force Reserve activities in Oklahoma.
The 310th Air Division seemed to have become largely an administrative headquarters, and it slipped into obscurity for the remainder of its existence at Tinker Air Force Base, eventually being inactivated on 27 June 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="19488748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488748" title="Samuel Walker (politician)">
Samuel Walker (politician)

Samuel Walker (October 9, 1793-December 11, 1860) was an American politician, who served as the third Mayor of Roxbury, Massachusetts from 1851 to 1853. Walker was also the fifth President of the Massachusetts Horticultural Society.

</doc>
<doc id="19488769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488769" title="Appetite for Adrenochrome">
Appetite for Adrenochrome

Appetite for Adrenochrome is the debut album by the Sacramento, California punk rock band the Groovie Ghoulies, released in 1989 on their own independent label Crimson Corpse Records. It was recorded at Enharmonic Studios in Sacramento with the band's original lineup of Kepi Ghoulie (vocals, guitar), Rudge (guitar), Vetty (bass guitar), and John Philip Sosa (drums). The cover art and the band's logo were done by Alex Mock, while the artwork and typesetting for the lyrics sheet was done by S. Britt.
The album includes five cover versions of songs from the 1960s and 1970s. The Rolling Stones' "2000 Man" was written by Mick Jagger and Keith Richards and originally appeared on "Their Satanic Majesties Request" in 1967. "King Kong Stomp" was written by comedian Gene Moss and record producer Fred Rice for a record of monster-themed novelty songs entitled "Dracula's Greatest Hits" in 1964. "Don't Go Out Into the Rain (You're Going to Melt)" was written by Kenny Young for Herman's Hermits in 1967. "Look Out (Here Comes Tomorrow)" was written by Neil Diamond for The Monkees and originally appeared on their 1967 album "More of The Monkees". A cover of Kiss' 1976 top-ten hit "Beth" appears as an unlisted track at the end of "Appetite for Adrenochrome". The Groovie Ghoulies would continue to record cover versions of songs from the 1950s, 1960s, and 1970s for their releases throughout the rest of their career.
"Appetite for Adrenochrome" was remastered and reissued by Lookout! Records in September 1996. This version was re-released by Springman Records in 2003. Also in 2003 the Groovie Ghoulies, now a trio with Kepi Ghoulie as the only remaining original member, recorded new versions of "Look Out (Here Comes Tomorrow)", "King Kong Stomp", "Don't Go Out Into the Rain (You're Going to Melt)", "Blood Beach", "The Blob", and "Do the Bat" for a "best of" album entitled "Monster Club".

</doc>
<doc id="19488784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488784" title="Aýrybaba">
Aýrybaba

Aýrybaba (since 2004 officially "Beýik Saparmyrat Türkmenbaşy belentligi" - Mount of the Great Saparmyrat Turkmenbashi) is a mountain in Central Asia. At Aýrybaba is the highest mountain in Turkmenistan. It is located in the Köýtendag Range of the Pamir-Alay chain in the southeast of Turkmenistan on the Uzbekistan border.

</doc>
<doc id="19488789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488789" title="Leonard Katz">
Leonard Katz

Leonard Katz (born in Boston, Massachusetts in 1938) is an American experimental psychologist. He was a Professor of Psychology at the University of Connecticut (1965–2006) and is now Professor Emeritus.
Education.
B.A. and Ph.D. (1963) from the University of Massachusetts Amherst. Postdoctoral training at Stanford University (1963–1965).
Career.
In the late 1960s, he applied the emerging concepts and experimental techniques of the new cognitive psychology to study children's reading. In 1974 he joined Haskins Laboratories, where he collaborated with Isabelle Liberman, Donald Shankweiler and others in the Haskins program that studied the relationships between speech and reading, particularly the idea that phonological awareness of speech is instrumental in developing skilled reading.
His early work studied reading in English with American schoolchildren but soon was extended to include studies of reading in other alphabetic writing systems (French, Spanish, Turkish, Russian, Serbian, Hebrew, Korean) and a nonalphabetic system (Chinese).
By the 1990s, he was a member of teams (led by B. and S. Shaywitz at Yale and K. Pugh at Yale and Haskins) that utilized brain-scan data from MRI, fMRI, and MRS to study reading. In addition to his research activity, he has been a resource consultant at UConn and Haskins on issues of experimental design and statistical analysis.

</doc>
<doc id="19488798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488798" title="Dino Danelli">
Dino Danelli

Dino Danelli (born 23 July 1944, Jersey City, New Jersey) is best known as an original member and the drummer in the rock group, The Rascals. He has been called "one of the great unappreciated rock drummers in history."
A jazz drummer by training, Danelli had played with Lionel Hampton and (by 1961) was playing R&B in New Orleans. He returned to New York in 1962 with a band called Ronnie Speeks & the Elrods. He also worked at times with such legendary performers as Little Willie John. Danelli met Eddie Brigati (a pickup singer on the local R&B circuit), and Felix Cavaliere (a classically trained pianist) in 1963. Later that year, Danelli and Cavaliere traveled to Las Vegas to try their luck with a casino house band. They remained there until early 1964, but then ventured back to New York City.
In late 1964, Danelli teamed with Cavaliere, Brigati and a Canadian-born guitarist named Gene Cornish to form the Rascals. Cavaliere and Danelli traveled to Las Vegas in January 1965 to back up singer Sandu Scott, but returned to NYC in February. That month they debuted with the Rascals at the Choo Choo Club in Garfield, New Jersey.
In addition to playing drums (before Cavaliere and Brigati began composing original music), Danelli and Cavaliere often scouted new repertory that the group could perform. In a 1988 interview, he cited their trips to record stores as yielding such songs as "Mustang Sally" and "Good Lovin'." He was with the Rascals' for seven years (1965–72).
Along with Cornish, Danelli formed the group Bulldog in 1972 and they produced two albums before disbanding in 1975. They both then joined the group Fotomaker in 1978 (initially with ex-Raspberries member Wally Bryson). By 1980, Danelli joined Steven Van Zandt as a member of Little Steven & The Disciples of Soul.
After performing with Cavaliere and Cornish at the Atlantic Records 40th Anniversary concert on May 14, 1988, there was a short-lived Rascals reunion tour later that year without Brigati. All four original members came together to perform at their induction to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1997 and then once again on April 24, 2010 for the Kristen Ann Carr Fund dinner at the Tribecka Grill in Greenwich Village, New York City.
He is currently reunited with his band-mates. The Rascals appeared at the Capital Theater in Port Chester, NY for six shows in December 2012 and for fifteen dates at the Richard Rogers Theatre on Broadway (April 15-May 5, 2013). Their current production, entitled 'Once Upon A Dream’, is currently touring North America (Toronto, Los Angeles, Phoenix, Chicago, Detroit, Rochester, and New York City). It is produced by long-time Rascals' fans, Steven Van Zandt and his wife Maureen.
He is also a visual artist, based at DinoDanelliArt.com, and has designed album covers for The Rascals and Little Steven & the Disciples of Soul.

</doc>
<doc id="19488801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488801" title="Lulu Atlantis and the Quest for True Blue Love">
Lulu Atlantis and the Quest for True Blue Love

Lulu Atlantis and the Quest for True Blue Love is a 2008 novel by Patricia Martin.
Plot.
Lulu Lantis lives in Sweet Pea Lane. She has a baby brother and a dad that is busy trying to save endangered animals. Lulu tells her troubles to her best friend, a spider named Harry. Harry is a talking spider that offers good advice. The spider says in order for her to find true blue love, she will have to go farther than her backyard. The four stories, that are linked together, makes her realize that she is loved.
Reception.
A Publishers Weekly review says, "The scenarios are whimsical; the emotions run true." A Kirkus Reviews review says, "There's enough good old-fashioned curiosity and, quite frankly, weirdness in this early chapter book to overcome its potentially cutesy underpinnings. With descriptive sentences and a penchant for eclectic storytelling, this is an author to watch." Charlotter Decker, of Library Media Connection, reviewed the book saying, "This would be a good read-aloud. Let’s hope for more stories featuring Lulu."

</doc>
<doc id="19488827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488827" title="James Ritchie (Massachusetts politician)">
James Ritchie (Massachusetts politician)

James Ritchie (May 12, 1815 - March 16, 1873) was an American politician, who served as the fifth Mayor of Roxbury, Massachusetts in 1855, and as a member of the Massachusetts Governor's Council. 
Ritchie drowned in the sinking of the steamboat Grace Darling off of Duxbury, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="19488859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488859" title="Golestan Park">
Golestan Park

Golestan Park is a historical park in Tabriz, Iran. The park is located near to Qonqa Square in city center. The place, which was originally used as a public cemetery, was changed to a city park during the second Pahlavi era.
A marble clock tower, which has been devastated recently, had been founded at the front of main entrance of the park.

</doc>
<doc id="19488866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488866" title="Za Za Za">
Za Za Za

Za Za Za is the title of a studio album released by DJ Oscar Lobo and his Grupo Climax. This album became their first number-one set on the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums. The song contains samples of "El Cepillo" by Fulanito.
Tracklisting.
The information from Billboard
Personnel.
This information from Allmusic.

</doc>
<doc id="19488879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488879" title="Smooth Island">
Smooth Island

Smooth Island may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19488885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488885" title="George Showell">
George Showell

George William Showell (9 February 1934 – 18 December 2012) was an English professional footballer who played in the Football League for Wolverhampton Wanderers, Bristol City and Wrexham. He spent the majority of his playing career with Wolverhampton Wanderers, featuring in two league championship-winning seasons and in the 1960 FA Cup Final.
Career.
Showell was born in Bilston and signed up by Wolverhampton Wanderers in 1949. After several seasons in the reserves, he made his senior debut on 2 April 1955 in a 1–1 draw against Preston North End. This was the first in a run of games he had at the end of the 1954–55 season, but he fulfilled only a back-up role over the next four seasons.
He did however play in two of the club's league championship triumphs, as well as in the 1960 FA Cup Final, where they beat Blackburn Rovers 3–0 at Wembley, and the 1959 and 1960 Charity Shield matches. He finally gained a regular first-team role after Billy Wright retired at the beginning of the 1959–60 campaign, and over the first half of the 1960s was a first-choice player at Molineux, amassing 218 appearances in total.
When the club were relegated in 1965, Showell moved to Bristol City. He spent just eighteen months there before joining Wrexham in November 1966, where he finished his playing career. He remained with Wrexham until 1990, as assistant manager, trainer, caretaker manager, and physiotherapist, and was one of 20 inaugural inductees to the club's Supporters Association Hall of Fame.
He died on 18 December 2012 aged 78. He collapsed while shopping at a supermarket and died later in Wrexham Maelor Hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="19488887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488887" title="Syritta pipiens">
Syritta pipiens

Syritta pipiens is a very common species of European hover fly. Sometimes called the thick-legged hoverfly, from its distinctive broad hind femora. They are fast nimble fliers, Larvae feed in rotting organic matter.

</doc>
<doc id="19488898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488898" title="Your Show Time">
Your Show Time

Your Show Time is an American anthology drama series that debuted on NBC Television on the East Coast in September 1948 and then on both East and West Coasts, as a network show, on January 21, 1949. 
The show was produced by Marshall Grant (1910-1957) for Grant Productions and Stanley Rubin for Realm Productions. The series was hosted and narrated by Arthur Shields, aired on Friday evenings, and ran until July 15, 1949. The series was sponsored by Lucky Strike cigarettes, and was later syndicated as Film Drama in 1955 and Story Theater in 1956. 
Production background.
Filmed by Grant Productions at Hal Roach Studios, "Your Show Time" was American television's first dramatic series to be shot on film instead of being aired on live television or as a kinescope. The series "Public Prosecutor" was produced on film in 1947-48, for a planned September 1948 debut, but remained unaired until DuMont aired that series in 1951-52. 
"Your Show Time" is also notable for being the first series to win an Emmy Award.
Synopsis.
The show featured half-hour dramatizations of stories by renowned authors such as Guy de Maupassant, Charles Dickens, Arthur Conan Doyle, Victor Hugo, Robert Louis Stevenson, Frank Stockton, and Mark Twain. Other episodes were adapted from chapters of novels, such as "The Bishop's Experiment", an adaptation of the section featuring the bishop in Victor Hugo's "Les Miserables" with Leif Erickson as Jean Valjean.
The show featured appearances by such actors as Julie Adams, Robert Alda, Evelyn Ankers, Morris Carnovsky, Melville Cooper, William Frawley, Eva Gabor, Hurd Hatfield, Hugo Haas, Sterling Holloway, Alan Napier, Dan O'Herlihy, and Selena Royle.
Preservation status.
At least nine episodes survive at the UCLA Film and Television Archive.

</doc>
<doc id="19488901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488901" title="Civil-military operations">
Civil-military operations

Civil-military operations or CMO are activities of a military force to minimize civil interference on and maximize civil support for military operations to facilitate accomplishing the mission. CMO is conducted in conjunction with combat operations during wartime and becomes a central part of a military campaign in counter-insugencies. Some militaries have specialized units dedicated to conduct CMO, such as civil affairs forces or form task forces specifically for this purposes, such as a joint civil-military operations task force in the U.S. Military. Also, some militaries have staff sections dedicated to planning and coordinating CMO for their command. CMO is often called civil-military co-operation or CIMIC in NATO operations and civil-military co-ordination in UN operations.
Official definitions.
The Canadian Military defines CMO as:
The U.S. Military defines CMO as:

</doc>
<doc id="19488907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488907" title="Parides childrenae">
Parides childrenae

The Green-celled Cattleheart (Parides childrenae) is a species of butterfly in the Papilionidae family. It is found in southern North America and northern South America.
Description.
The upper side of the wings is black. The male has a bright green patch and a small pale yellow subapical spot on the fore wing. There is a red patch on the hind wing. The female has a small white patch on the trailing edge of the fore wing and a few pale subapical spots. There is a band of red spots across the hind wing. The underside of the wings is also black. The male has small pale subapical spots on the fore wing and a few red spots on the hind wing. The female's underside is the same as the upper side

</doc>
<doc id="19488930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488930" title="Al Odah v. Bush">
Al Odah v. Bush

Civil Action No. 02-cv-0299 is a habeas corpus petition submitted on behalf of several Guantanamo captives.
Petitions incorporated in 02-cv-0299.
On July 26, 2004 US District Court Judge Colleen Kollar Kotelly incorporated several other habeas petitions with 02-cv-0299: Al Odah v. United States, 02cv828 (CKK); Mamdouh v. Bush, 02cv1130 (CKK); Kurnaz v. Bush, 04cv1135 (ESH); Khadr v. Bush, 04cv1136 (JDB); Begg v. Bush, 04cv1137 (RMC); Bechellali v. Bush, 04cv1142 (RJL); El-Banna v. Bush, 04cv1144 (RWR); Gherebi v. Bush, 04cv1164 (RBW); Boumediene v. Bush, 04cv1166 (RJL); Anam v. Bush, 04cv1194 (HHK).
Military Commissions Act.
The Military Commissions Act of 2006 mandated that Guantanamo captives were no longer entitled to access the US civil justice system, so all outstanding habeas corpus petitions were stayed.
Boumediene v. Bush.
On June 12, 2008 the United States Supreme Court ruled, in "Boumediene v. Bush," that the Military Commissions Act could not remove the right of Guantanamo captives to access the US Federal Court system. It ruled that all previous Guantanamo captives' habeas petitions were eligible to be re-instated.
The judges considering the captives' habeas petitions were to determine if the evidence supporting the allegations that the men and boys were enemy combatants justified a classification as "enemy combatant". If so, the determination implied that the person should continue to be detained.
Eligible to seek relief.
On 3 July 2008 US District Court Judge Thomas F. Hogan listed this habeas petition on a list where former captives were eligible to seek relief.

</doc>
<doc id="19488937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488937" title="Essen Minster">
Essen Minster

Essen Minster (German: ), since 1958 also Essen Cathedral () is the seat of the Roman Catholic Bishop of Essen, the "Diocese of the Ruhr", founded in 1958. The church, dedicated to Saints Cosmas and Damian and the Blessed Virgin Mary, stands on the Burgplatz in the centre of the city of Essen.
The minster was formerly the collegiate church of Essen Abbey, founded in about 845 by Altfrid, Bishop of Hildesheim, around which the city of Essen grew up. The present building, which was reconstructed after its destruction in World War II, is a Gothic hall church, built after 1275 in light-coloured sandstone. The octagonal westwork and the crypt are survivors of the Ottonian pre-Romanesque building that once stood here. The separate Church of St Johann Baptist stands at the west end of the minster, connected to the westwork by a short atrium – it was formerly the parish church of the abbey's subjects. To the north of the minster is a cloister that once served the abbey. 
Essen Minster is noted for its treasury ("Domschatz"), which among other treasures contains the Golden Madonna, the oldest fully sculptural figure of Mary north of the Alps.
Usage history.
Foundation to 1803.
From the foundation of the first church until 1803, Essen Minster was the Abbey church of Essen Abbey and the hub of abbey life. The church was neither a parish church, nor a cathedral church, but primarily served the nuns of the abbey. Its position was therefore comparable to a convent church, but a more worldly version, since the nuns at Essen did not obey the Benedictine Rule, but the "Institutio sanctimonialium" the canonical rule for female monastic communities, issued in 816 by the Aachen Synod. The canonical hours and masses of the order occurred in the Minster, as well as prayers for deceased members of the community, the noble sponsors of the order and their ancestors. 
The number of nuns from the nobility which the church served varied over the centuries between about seventy during the order's heydey under the Abbess Mathilde in the tenth century and three in the sixteenth century. The church was open to the dependents of the order and the people of the city of Essen only on the high feast days. Otherwise the Church of St Johann Baptist, which had developed out of the Ottonian baptistry, or the Church of St Gertrude (now the Market Church) served as their place of worship.
The Reformation had no affect on the Minster. The burgers of the city of Essen, who maintained a long-standing dispute with the order about whether the city was a Free city or belonged to the order, mostly joined the revolution, but the Abbesses and Canons of the order (and therefore the church buildings) remained Catholic. The Protestant burgers of the city took over St Gertrude's Church, the present-day Market Church, which was not connected to the Abbey's buildings, while the burgers who remained Catholic continued to use the Church of St Johann Baptist, located in the Abbey complex, as their parish church. The nuns continued to use the Minster.
From 1803 to the present day.
In 1803, Essen Abbey was mediatized by the Kingdom of Prussia. The Minster and all its property was immediately taken over by the parish community of St Johann Baptist. For the next 150 years the church was their parish church. The name Minster church, which had become established, was retained even though the order no longer existed. As parish church, it served the Catholics of Essen's inner city area which significantly increased in population in the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries.
Though the first aspirations of setting up a bishopric of the Ruhr were dashed in the 1920s, a new bishopric was formed in 1958 from parts of the dioceses of Münster, Paderborn, and Cologne and Essen Minster was made the cathedral. On 1 January 1958 the first Bishop of Essen, Franz Hengsbach was consecrated by the Nuncio Aloisius Joseph Muench. Since then Essen Minster has been the religious heart of the diocese. The visit of Pope John Paul II in 1987 marked the high point of the Minster's thousand year history.
Structural history.
Previous buildings.
The site of the cathedral was already settled before the foundation of the Abbey. The Bishop of Hildesheim, Altfrid (r.847-874) is supposed to have founded the order of nuns on his estate, called "Asnide" (i.e. Essen). A direct attestation of Asnide has not yet been found. But from postholes, Merovingian pottery sherds and burials found near the Minster, it can be concluded that a settlement was in place before the foundation of the Abbey.
The first church.
The modern Essen Minster is the third church building on this site. Foundation walls of its predecessors were excavated in 1952 by Walter Zimmermann. The first church on this site was erected by the founders of the Essen Abbey, Bishop Altfrid and Gerswid, according to tradition the first abbess of the order, between 845 and 870. The building was a three aisled basilica with a west-east orientation. Its central and side aisles already approached the width of the later churches on the site. West of the nave was a small, almost square narthex. The arms of the transeptsmet at a rectangular crossing, which was the same height as the nave. Rooms in the east ends of the side aisle were accessible only from the arms of the transepts. It is uncertain whether these rooms were the same height as the side aisles, as Zimmerman thought on the basis of his excavations or the height of the sidechoir, as in Lange's more recent reconstruction. East of the crossing was the choir with a semicircular end, with the rooms that are accessible from the transepts on either side of it.
This first church was destroyed in a fire in 946, which is recorded in the Cologne Annals "Astnide cremabatur" (Essen burnt down).
The early Ottonian Abbey.
Several dedicatory inscriptions for parts of the new church survive from the years 960 to 964, from which it can be concluded that the fire of 946 had only damaged the church. No inscriptions survive for the nave and choir, which were probably retained from the earlier church. The individual stages of construction are uncertain; some parts could have been begun or even completed before the fire. Taking advantage of necessary renovations to expand the church enclosure was not unusual. The new parts, presumably built at the order of the abbesses Agana and Hathwig, were an outer crypt, a westwork and a narthex and an external chapel of St John the Baptist. This building can be reconstructed from archaeological finds and did not have a long existence, because a new church was erected, perhaps under the art loving Abbess Mathilde, but maybe only under Abbess Theophanu (r. 1039–1058). Possibly, a new building was begun under Mathilde and completed under Theophanu. Significant portions survive from the new Ottonian building.
The new Ottonian church.
The expansion of the new Ottonian building was predetermined by its two predecessors. The greater part of the foundations were reused; only in locations where the stresses were increased or the floorplan differed were new foundations laid.
The new building also had three aisles with a transept and a choir shaped like the earlier choirs. A crypt was now built below the choir. The choir was closed with a semi-circular apse, which was encased within a half decagon. A two story outer crypt was connected to the choir, the west walls of which formed the east walls of the side choirs. Towers next to the altar room gave direct access to the crypt. The near choirs contained matronea, which were open to the transepts and the main choir. the outer walls of the ends of the transepts were made two stories high, with the upstairs portion composed of three niches with windows. On the ground floor were niches, and the pattern of nices continued on the side walls. A walkway ran along the walls above these niches, leading to the matroneum galleries. The double bay between the westwork and the nave was maintained. The structure of the nave walls is unknown, but reconstructions based on other churches, especially Susteren Abbey which appears to draw from the new Ottonian church in many aspects, assume an interchange of piers and columns. There were probably wall paintings between the arcades and the windows on the walls, since remains of wall paintings have been found in the westwork. Outside, the clerestory of the nave had a structure of pilasters and volute capitals, probably with twelve windows.
Westwork.
The belief that the unknown architect of the Essen Abbey church was one of the best architects of his time is based particularly on the westwork, which even today is the classic view of the church. As in the earlier churches, the westwork is only a little wider than the aisles of the nave. From the outside, the westwork appears as an almost square central tower crowned by an octagonal belfry with a pyramidal roof. At the west end there were two octagonal side towers, containing staircases to the belfry, which reached to just below the bell story of the belfry. The bell story of the central tower and the uppermost stories of the side towers have arched windows. Two story side rooms with arched windows on the upper floor are attached to the north and south sides of the central tower. On the ground floor of these side rooms, doors set in niches lead into the church – the central entrance of the earlier church was abandoned and a large, round-arched window installed in its place. With that, the westwork ceased to operate as a processional entrance to the church. Instead, the squat structure offered an optical counterpoint to the massive east part of the building.
From the outside the westwork appears to be composed of three towers, which envelop the west choir, which takes the form of a crossing which has been divided in half. No similar structure is known. There is a west choir in the central room in the shape of a half-hexagon, surrounded by a passageway. A flat niche is located in the middle of the west wall, with the entrances to the two side towers in flat niches on either side of it. The westwork opens toward the double bay through a large arch supported by pillars. An altar dedicated to Saint Peter stands in the west choir in front of this arch. The walls follow the model of the west choir of Aachen Cathedral in their construction, which also has the use of the octagon as a belfry in common. On the ground floor there are three arches divided by hexagonal pillars. There are two levels of arch openings of the upper level in colonnades, with recycled ancient capitals on the columns.
The westwork was richly decorated, with the Last Judgement painted from the half-cupola to the nave. The painting shows the appearance of Jesus to (it has been concluded) the commissioner of the painting, the Abbess Theophanu (whose name is from the Greek for Divine apparition)
Crypt.
Through the installation of the crypt, the floor of the main (east) choir was raised above the floor level of the nave and transepts. The side choirs remained on the same level as the nave and transepts. The crypt consists of the three aisled crypt of Agana, an inner crypt, and a five-sided outer crypt. The entrance to the inner crypt was from east side of the side choir, through which one passed into the outer crypt. The outer crypt had square and elongated rectangular vaults, separated by delicate square pillars. The three central vaults in the east were especially accentuated. Along the east wall in the two side vaults were semicircular niches. In the central vault was a small choir with three niches. The engaged pillars of the east wall of the outer pillar have sandstone plates on which 9 September 1051 is given as the date of the crypt's consecration. There are relics in the altars of the crypt.
Later construction.
A short time after the completion of the Ottonian church, the atrium was renovated, probably under Suanhild, the successor of the Abbess Theophanu. In 1471, the atrium was reduced with the renovation and expansion of the church of St Johann Baptist, which served as the baptismal and parish church of the abbey's subjects. Otherwise the atrium probably retains the form established between 1060 and 1080.
The next extension of the church complex was an attachment to the southern transept in the twelfth century. The upper floor of this very large building contained the "sectarium", where the order's papers and acts were kept and which also served as the treasury chamber. Underneath it was the open hall, which was closed at a later time and was used for judicial purposes by the court. This building is now part of the Essen Cathedral Treasury Chamber.
Gothic Hall church.
In 1275, the Ottonian church burnt down, with only the westwork and the crypt surviving. In the rebuild, which occurred in the time of the Abbesses Berta von Arnsberg and Beatrix von Holte, the architect combined aspects of the old church with the new Gothic style. The form of the hall church was chosen, in complete contrast with Cologne Cathedral - the Essen order had to ward off the Archbishop of Cologne's claims to authority and the nuns wished to express their integrity and independence through the form of their building. Two architects worked alongside each other on the rebuild, of which the first, a Master Martin, quit in 1305 because of disputes with Abbess Beatrix von Holte. Master Martin, who was a church builder from Burgundy and Champagne, as shown by details of his ornamentation, also knew the design idiom of Cologne and Trier cathedral construction workshops, was responsible for the overall design. This included at first a long choir like that of St Vitus' Church, Mönchengladbach. Afterwards this concept was given up under the management of Master Martin and a hall church inspired by St. Elizabeth's Church, Marburg (begun 1235) was built, which was built over the outer crypt. The successor to Master Martin's name is not known. His design idiom is more strongly Westphalian, but he continued the plan of his predecessor and brought it to completion.
The original, shallow roofs of the octagon and the side towers were replaced with steeper caps; the side towers were also raised by a story. The Gothic church gained a tower above the crossing. The cloister was also expanded. The whole new building was consecrated on the 8th of July, probably of 1316. The 8th of July is celebrated to this day as the Minster's anniversary.
Later alterations.
In the eighteenth century, the church was baroquified. The tower over the crossing was replaced with a narrow flèche. The windows of the south side of the cathedral were widened and lost their gothic tracery. The steep roofs of the westwork were replaced with baroque onion domes and the bell story received a clock. In the interior a large part of the old interior decoration was removed and replaced, so that only a few pieces of the gothic decoration have survived, which are no longer in their proper context.
In 1880 the fashionable view of the gothic as the uniquely German architectural style reached Essen and the baroque additions were undone, as far as possible. The westwork returned to its previous appearance, when Essen architect and art historian Georg Humann was able to effect its gothicisation. The baroque interior decoration was also removed; a side altar is now employed as the high altar of the adoration church of St Johann Baptist in front of the Minster. Some saint statues are found there, others in the Cathedral Treasury Chamber. The decoration made to replace the baroque pieces fell victim to the Second World War, so that little of it now survives. During the renovation of 1880 the church also received its current roofing design and a neo-gothic flèche on the crossing.
War damage and rebuilding.
On the night of the 5th and 6th of March 1943, 442 aircraft of the Royal Air Force carried out a raid on the city of Essen, which was important to the German war effort because of the Krupp steel works. In less than an hour, 137,000 incendiary bombs and 1,100 explosive bombs were dropped on the central city. The Minster caught fire and suffered heavy damage – the oldest parts of the building, the westwork and the crypt were less heavily damaged. The decision to rebuild was made unanimously in the first meeting of the city council organised by them after the city's occupation by allied troops, under the communist mayor Heinz Renner. The war damage also enabled extensive archaeological excavations to be carried out in the church by Walter Zimmermann. These provided a large amount of information about the predecessors of the modern church and about the burials in the church. 
The rebuild was begun in 1951 and proceeded apace. By 1952 the westwerk and the nave were usable once more and the rest of the church was rebuilt by 1958. Even the northside of the cloisters, which had collapsed in the nineteenth century, was repaired. The neo-gothic flèche from the previous century was replaced by a narrower, lightening-proof flèche, completing the modern external appearance of the church. The completely repaired church became the seat of the newly founded Diocese of Essen in 1958.
Recent changes.
The abbey never grew beyond the limits of the Ottonian church. The transformation into a cathedral made a new expansion necessary. Cardinal Franz Hengsbach, the first bishop, said during his lifetime that he wished to make use of his right to be buried within his cathedral church, but not in the Ottonian crypt with Saint Altfrid. In order to fulfill this wish, a west crypt with an entrance in the old westwek was installed under the atrium between 1981 and 1983 by the cathedral architect Heinz Bohmen and decorated with cast concrete sculpture by Emil Wachter. In this Adveniat crypt, whose name reflects the fact that Cardinal Hengsbach was a co-founder of the episcopal charity Bischöfliche Aktion Adveniat, the remains of a canon who had been buried in the atrium in the Middle Ages and discovered during the excavations was buried and in 1991 the cardinal was interred there as well.
On 10 October 2004, the newly-built south side chapel was dedicated to the memory and worship of Nikolaos Gross, who was beatified in 2001.
Measurements.
The whole church, together with the church of St Johann Baptist on the front is 90 metres long. Its width varies between 24 and 31 metres at the transepts at the start of the Cathedral treasury. The height varies also:
The volume of the Minster is roughly 45,000 m³, volume of the masonry is about 10,000 m³. The building "werighs" roughly 25,000 tonnes. 
Fittings.
As a result of the baroquification of the eighteenth century, the re-gothificisation of the nineteenth century and the war damage of the twentieth century, there are only a few pieces of the earlier fittings of the Minster, but some remains of great significance do survive. The interior is comparatively simple, especially in its architecture, whose subtle beauty is overlooked by many visitors because the lustre of the two very important medieval artworks of the Cathedral outshines it.
Cathedral Treasury.
The Minster possesses a Cathedral Treasury, which is open to the public. The most important treasure of the church, the Golden Madonna, has been found in the northern side chapel since 1959. This is the oldest fully sculptured statue of Mary, the patron saint of the diocese, in the world. The 74 cm high figure of poplar wood, which is covered with gold leaf, dates from the period of the abbess Mathilde and depicts Mary as a heavenly queen, holding power over the Earth on behalf of her son. The figure, which was originally carried in processions, was probably placed in Essen because of Mathilde's relationship to the Ottonian dynasty. The figure, which is more than a thousand years old, was comprehensively restored in 2004.
In the centre of the westwork the monumental Seven-arm candelabrum now stands, which the Abbess Mathilde had made between 973 and 1011. The candelabrum, 2.26 metres high with a span of 1.88 metres is composed of 46 individual cast bronze pieces. The candelabrum symbolises the unity of the Trinity and the Earth with its four cardinal points and the idea of Christ as the light of the World, which will lead the believers home at the Last Judgement (Book of Revelation).
Other remarkable items in the Cathedral treasury include the so-called Childhood Crown of Otto III, four Ottonian processional crosses, the long-revered Sword of Saints Cosmas and Damian, the cover of the Theophanu Gospels, several gothic arm-reliquaries, the largest surviving collection of Burgundian fibulae in the world and the Great Carolingian Gospels.
Column of Ida.
The oldest surviving fitting in the Minster is the column in the choir, which now supports a modern crucifix. Until the fifteenth century it supported a cross coated with a gilt copper sheet, from which the donation plate and probably other remains in the Cathedral treasury were made. The Latin inscription "ISTAM CRUCEM (I)DA ABBATISSA FIERI IUSSIT" (Abbess Ida ordered this cross to be made) allows the creator to be identified with the Essen Abbess Ida, who died in 971, though the sister of Abbess Theophanu, Ida, Abbess of St. Maria im Kapitol in Cologne has also been suggested. The column itself is probably ancient spolia, going by fluted pedestal and the Attic "basis" of the column. The capital was carved in antiquity, though exceptionally richly carved for that period. Stylistically it is related to the capitals of the west end and the crypt, as well as those of the Ludgeridan crypt of Werden Abbey and those of St Lucius' Church in Essen-Werden.
Altfrid's grave monument.
In the east crypt there is a limestone gothic church monument of the Bishop of Hildesheim and founder of Essen, Altfrid, which dates to around 1300 and was probably built under Abbess Beatrix von Holte. This dating is based on the striking similarity of the tomb to saints' graves at Cologne, especially the grave of St. Irmgard in Cologne Cathedral.
Further artworks.
The sandstone sculptural group, called the "Entombment of Christ" (Grablegung Christi) in the souther side chapel is from the late Gothic period. The unknown Cologne Master who created it in the first quartre of the sixteenth century is known by the notname "Master of the Carben Monument". Another sculpture from the early sixteenth century is the sculpture of the Holy Helper, Saint Roch on the north wall of the Minster, created shortly after 1500.
The baroque period is represented in Essen Minster by two epitaphs. The older, for Abbess Elisabeth von Bergh-s’Heerenberg who died in 1614, contains significant Renaissance elements. This plaque made of black marble in Antwerp is found on the north wall, east of the side bay and shows the Abbess in her official outfit, surrounded by the coats of arms of her ancestors. The second epitaph is that of the Abbess Anna Salome von Salm-Reifferscheidt, which is attributed to Johann Mauritz Gröninger and is found on the north wall of the organ loft.
Because of the war damage, the Minster has no medieval windows. But among the modern artworks the Essen cathedral chapter commissioned during the rebuild, were new windows for the church and modern sacral art, which was to be in harmony with the older elements of the building. The window of St Michael and the windows of the gallery are by Heinrich Campendonk, the choir windows by Ludwig Gies, those of the nave by Wilhelm Buschulte and the windows of the crypt are by Alfred Manessier. The altar frieze is the work of sculptor Elmar Hillebrand and his student Ronald Hughes. The bronze doors of the atrium and church as well as the frieze depicting the stations of the cross in the nave are the work of the Austrian artist Toni Schneider-Manzell.
Organ.
The Minster has a new organ since 2004. This organ was built by the renowned organ workshop, Rieger of Schwarzach, which was founded by the organ builder Franz Rieger. The instrument consists of two organ works, which can be operated by a single console. The organ system has 69 registers altogether (5,102 pipes, 95 organ stops).
The main instrument is located in the choir loft. It has 57 registers in 3 manual divisions and a pedal division. There are four manuals. On the fourth manual it is possible to play the auxiliary organ.
The auxiliary organ is located in the west part of the Cathedral. It has ten manual divisions and two pedal divisions. The manual divisions are split into three works: the main works have a significant role in producing sound in the rear region of the Cathedral. The high pressure and bombard registers are solo parts for particular musical effects. The three registers can be played from the fourth manual of the main console and each os also individually coupled with the other manuals of the high organ.
Bells.
There are bells in the belfry of the westwork and also in the flèche over the crossing. The ringing of the Minster is expanded tonally by the ringing of the attached church of St Johann Baptist, whose bells, cast in 1787, are not tonally matched to the somewhat older bells of the Minster, so that when they ring together there is a slight musical impurity.
There are three large bells in the westwork. The oldest bell was already in place at the end of the thirteenth century. It bears the inscription "CHRISTUM DE LIGNO CLAMANTEM DUM SONO SIGNO" (When I sound, I signal that Christ calls from the cross). By its construction it is an early gothic three chime bell. The "Marybell" is the largest of the bells. It bears a longer inscription saying that it was cast in 1546. The bell was cast in Essen itself, in the modern Burgplatz. The third bell in the westwork lacks an inscription, but its shape marks it as fourteenth century.
The flèche holds three more bells, two of which were cast in 1955 by the bell founders Petit & Gebr. Edelbrock of Gescher, who thereby brought their foundry back to the bell making tradition, since their foundry had cast the bells of St Johann Baptist in 1787. These two bells are inscribed "Ave Maria Trösterin 1955" (Hail Mary, Counselor, 1955) and "Ave Maria Königin 1955" (Hail Mary, Queen, 1955). The third bell in the flèche bears the inscription "WEI GOT WEL DEINEN DEI BIDDE VOR DE KRESTEN SEELEN AN 1522" (He who serves God well prays for the Christian souls, Y(ear) of O(ur Lord) 1522).
Cathedral chapter.
The Essen Cathedral chapter includes six resident and four non-resident Cathedral capitular vicars under the oversight of the Cathedral provost. At present two of the resident positions are vacant and one of the non-resident positions.
Under the Concordat of 1929 the right to elect the bishop was given to the chapter, alongside their existing duties concerned with liturgical celebrations in the high church, selection of a Diocesan administrator, advising and supporting the bishop in the government of the diocese and management of the Cathedral Treasury.
Since 2005, the Cathedral provost has been the Essen civic dean, Prelate Otmar Vieth, as successor of Günter Berghaus who went into retirement after heading the Cathedral chapter for eleven years from 1993 to 2004.
References.
Notes
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="19488968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488968" title="Cerro Las Minas">
Cerro Las Minas

Cerro Las Minas is the highest mountain in Honduras. Cerro Las Minas is located in the rugged and relatively isolated Lempira department in the western part of the country. A Honduran national park, the Celaque National Park, was established in 1987 for the mountain and some of surrounding territory.
It is part of the Cordillera de Celaque mountain range and is given the name "Pico Celaque, 2849m" on local 1:50,000 topographic mapping, but SRTM data suggests that 2870 m is more accurate.

</doc>
<doc id="19488971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488971" title="835th Air Division">
835th Air Division

The 835th Air Division (835th AD) is an inactive United States Air Force organization. Its last assignment was with Tactical Air Command, assigned to Twelfth Air Force, being stationed at McConnell AFB, Kansas. It was inactivated on 30 June 1971.
The unit was an intermediate command echelon of Tactical Air Command, providing command and control of several tactical fighter wings along with support aircraft and an Air National Guard reconnaissance Wing. The division assumed responsibility for training in close air support, air defense, and participated in joint operations from July 1964 – June 1971.
Inactivated as a result of budget reductions, its units being consolidated directly into Twelfth Air Force.
History.
Components.
Wings
Squadrons

</doc>
<doc id="19488984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488984" title="Goodpasture Bridge">
Goodpasture Bridge

The Goodpasture Bridge spans the McKenzie River near the community of Vida in Lane County, Oregon, United States. It is the second longest covered bridge and one of the most photographed covered bridges in the state. The Goodpasture Bridge is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
History.
Lane County was the first Oregon county to build covered bridges on a large scale. Today, the county has more surviving covered bridges than any other county west of the Mississippi River, with a total of 17 bridges, including 14 that are still open to traffic. The county's engineering division maintains the covered bridges that are open to traffic, including the Goodpasture Bridge.
The Goodpasture Bridge was built in 1938, and cost $13,154 to construct. It was named for Benjamin Franklin Goodpasture, a pioneer farmer who had settled near the bridge site. The bridge crosses the McKenzie River two miles west of the community of Vida. At long, it the second longest covered bridge in Oregon. Because of its unique scenic beauty and its importance to Oregon's transportation history, the Goodpasture Bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
Over time, bridge traffic significantly weakened the structure. In 1987, Lane County officials decided to restore the original covered bridge instead of bypassing it with a modern concrete span. The county spent $750,000 to renovate the bridge structure, road surface, and approaches. The project also added a right-turn lane for traffic exiting Oregon Route 126 onto the bridge, and built a concrete retaining wall along the north bank of the McKenzie River to stabilize the area. Today, the Goodpasture Bridge handles a normal load of traffic including logging trucks.
In 2005, the Lane County Public Works Department began issuing a series of 17 commemorative coins to honor the county's covered bridges. Income from coin sales is used to help maintain the historic bridges. The first coin, struck in the fall of 2005, honored the Goodpasture Bridge. The remaining sixteen coins are being released at a rate of two per year through 2013.
In 2010, Lane County reported receiving $2 million in a federal transportation grant to repair the bridge and raise its derated load limit from back to beginning in 2012.
Structure.
The Goodpasture Bridge was designed by the Oregon State Highway Department (now the Oregon Department of Transportation) and was built by Lane County. A.C. Striker was the county bridge superintendent at the time of its construction. It was built to allow local families and commercial logging trucks to cross the McKenzie River.
The Goodpasture Bridge is a classic covered bridge in design. The deck is wide with vertical clearance of . The bridge's two foundation tiers are concrete. Its wooden floor planks and shingled roof are intact, as is the weatherboard housing that protects the Howe truss infrastructure from the weather.
Most of Oregon's covered bridges, including the Goodpasture Bridge, were built using the Howe truss system, developed in 1840 by the Massachusetts architect William Howe. The system uses heavy timbers reinforced with iron or steel rods. The trusses have central beams and crossed timbers with adjustable, vertical iron rods to support the structural load.
The Goodpasture Bridge is one of the most photographed bridges in the state of Oregon. The bridge's architectural detailing includes false end beams, semi-elliptical portals, and ten Gothic style louvered windows on each side. The windows were built to allow light into the long covered structure so drivers could see oncoming traffic. During the Christmas season, the bridge is hung with decorations, attracting many winter visitors.

</doc>
<doc id="19488990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488990" title="Gábor Benedek">
Gábor Benedek

Gábor Benedek (born 23 March 1927) is a Hungarian modern pentathlete and Olympic champion.
Olympics.
Benedek won a gold medal in the modern pentathlon at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki with the Hungarian team.

</doc>
<doc id="19488997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19488997" title="Mike Barber (linebacker)">
Mike Barber (linebacker)

Mike Barber (born November 9, 1971 in Edgemoor, South Carolina) is a former American football linebacker in the National Football League. He was signed by the Seattle Seahawks as an undrafted free agent in 1995. He played college football at Clemson.
Barber also played for the Indianapolis Colts.

</doc>
