<doc id="19498904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498904" title="Tsola Dragoycheva">
Tsola Dragoycheva

Tsola Nincheva Dragoycheva (; 18 August 1898—26 May 1993), also known under the pseudonym Sonya, was a Bulgarian politician of the Bulgarian Communist Party (BCP). A member of the illegal armed wing of the party in the 1920s, she spent years in prison and as an "émigré" in the Soviet Union. After World War II, she held a number of high posts and was part of the "nomenklatura". From 1946 until 1990, she was continuously a member of the National Assembly of Bulgaria. On 11 December 1947 she became the first female member of a cabinet in the history of the country.
Dragoycheva was born on in the town of Byala Slatina in Vratsa Province, northwestern Bulgaria. In 1919, she joined the Communist Party. She graduated from the high pedagogical school in Sofia and became a teacher. She took part in the communist September Uprising of 1923 and was sentenced to 15 years in prison and was deprived of her teaching rights. She was amnestied in 1924 and quickly became a member of the regional directorates of her party's armed wing in Rousse, Varna and Plovdiv. In the wake of the St Nedelya Church assault in 1925, Dragoycheva was again imprisoned and sentenced to death; the execution was postponed due to her pregnancy and her capital punishment was replaced with a life sentence in 1926. In 1932, she was again amnestied; her son, surgeon Chavdar Dragoychev, was born in prison.
In 1932, she emigrated to Moscow; there she graduated from the International Lenin School and worked at the Comintern's International Communist Women's Secretariat for a year. Dragoycheva returned to Bulgaria in 1936 and was elected a member of the Bulgarian Communist Party's Central Committee, which she remained until 2 February 1990. From 1941 on, she was a member of the BCP's Politburo.
Dragoycheva took an active part in the BCP and the Fatherland Front's armed resistance to Bulgaria's alignment with the Axis Powers of World War II. She was arrested in August 1941 and interned at the Sveti Nikola women's wing of the Gonda Voda concentration camp near Asenovgrad; she remained there until December.
After the coup d'état of 1944 and her party's rise to power, Dragoycheva took a number of posts, including General Secretary of the Fatherland Front (1944–1948), chairwoman of the Bulgarian People's Women's Union (1945–1950), Minister of Posts, Telegraphs and Telephones (1947–1957), chairwoman of the National Committee for the Protection of Peace (1949–1952), chairwoman of the All-People's Committee for Bulgarian-Soviet Friendship (1957–1977) and its honorary chairwoman from 1977 on.
Dragoycheva was a supporter of the killing of Nikola Petkov, Traycho Kostov and other "enemies of the people". She advocated Bulgaria's admission to the Soviet Union as its 16th republic and acted as a censor of culture and arts. A close friend of Joseph Kobzon and Andrei Tupolev, she was awarded the Lenin Peace Prize in 1971.
Her memoirs give a detailed overview of the Bulgarians in Vardar Macedonia's state in and after World War II and express the BCP's views on the Macedonian Question. However, they were heavily criticized by Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organization (IMRO) leader Ivan Mihaylov. Dragoycheva died in Sofia on 26 May 1993, living to the age of 94.

</doc>
<doc id="19498922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498922" title="Kortrijk railway station">
Kortrijk railway station

Kortrijk railway station is the main railway station in the Belgian city of Kortrijk and one of the busiest railway stations in Belgium. Its NMBS/SNCB internal code is "LK". The station was first inaugurated on 22 September 1839. 
The following railway lines converge in this railway station: line 66 (Bruges - Kortrijk) and line 75 (Ghent - Moeskroen). Previously, there was also line 83 (Kortrijk - Ronse). Railway lines 69 (Kortrijk - Ieper - Poperinge) and 89 (Denderleeuw - Kortrijk) begin just outside the railway station.
With around 10,000 passengers per day, Kortrijk main station is the 15th busiest train station in Belgium, and the 2nd busiest in the province of West-Flanders. 
Several national Intercity-trains, Interregio-trains and local trains stop in this railway station, but there are also international trains like the Intercity-train to Lille in France.
History.
The first railway line, connecting Kortrijk to Ghent, was inaugurated in 22 September 1838 by King Leopold I and Queen Louisa-Maria. The first railway station on this site was inaugurated in 1839.
The building itself was enlarged several times. The second building opened in 1857 and was enlarged in 1876. This monumental building originally included a glass and iron construction covering the platforms and rails. This construction and the original building were severely damaged during World War II. 
After the war, a brand new station was inaugurated on 7 July 1956. The structure covering the platforms and rails was demolished and replaced by awnings covering the platforms.
Railway lines.
Today the station serves the lines:
InterCity-connections to:
InterRegional-connections to:
Stop train-connections to:
Railway stations in Kortrijk.
Other railway stations in Kortrijk are:
Former railway stations in Kortrijk are:

</doc>
<doc id="19498936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498936" title="A Day to Remember (1991 film)">
A Day to Remember (1991 film)

A Day to Remember () is a 1991 French film directed by Jean-Louis Bertucelli starring Giulietta Masina.
Plot.
Bertille (Giuletta Masina) is an old woman who lives in the countryside. Her relatives reunite there with her as she is about selling the property. They don't take long to out their true intentions which are merely material on her estate. Also, Bertille is afflicted by her youngest son who has been in prison for a decade.

</doc>
<doc id="19498947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498947" title="Rhodesia at the 1972 Summer Paralympics">
Rhodesia at the 1972 Summer Paralympics

Rhodesia competed at the 1972 Summer Paralympics in Heidelberg, West Germany. It was the last time the nation competed at the Paralympic Games before returning as Zimbabwe at the 1980 Summer Paralympics. The delegation consisted of 13 competitors in the sports of track and field athletics and swimming. Three athletes (Avril Davis, Sandra James, and Leslie Manson-Bishop) competed in both sports.
Rhodesia had also been invited to take part in the 1972 Summer Olympics, but the invitation was withdrawn by the International Olympic Committee four days before the opening ceremony, in response to African countries' protests against the Rhodesian regime. As the Paralympics that year were held "before" the Olympics, Rhodesia was able to take part in the Paralympic Games.

</doc>
<doc id="19498966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498966" title="The Hymn of Joy">
The Hymn of Joy

"The Hymn of Joy" (often called "Joyful, Joyful We Adore Thee" after the first line) is a poem written by Henry van Dyke in 1907 with the intention of musically setting it to the famous "Ode to Joy" melody of the final movement of Ludwig van Beethoven's final symphony, Symphony No. 9.
Van Dyke wrote this poem in 1907 while staying at the home of Williams College president Harry Augustus Garfield. He was serving as a guest preacher at Williams at the time. He told his host that the local Berkshire Mountains had been his inspiration. 
The lyrics were first published in 1911 in Van Dyke's "Book of Poems", Third Edition.
Van Dyke wrote of this hymn:
These verses are simple expressions of common Christian feelings and desires in this present time—hymns of today that may be sung together by people who know the thought of the age, and are not afraid that any truth of science will destroy religion, or any revolution on earth overthrow the kingdom of heaven. Therefore this is a hymn of trust and joy and hope.
"This hymn is generally considered by hymnologists to be one of the most joyous expressions of hymn lyrics in the English language."

</doc>
<doc id="19498969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498969" title="Vogenauer">
Vogenauer

Vogenauer is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19498986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19498986" title="Cautivo">
Cautivo

Cautivo (Eng.: "Captive") is the title of the Latin Grammy nominated studio album released by latin music performer Chayanne. This album became his third number-one set on the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums, and includes the singles "No Te Preocupes Por Mí", "Te Echo de Menos" and "No Sé Por Qué".
Album history.
This album was produced by René Toledo, Joel Someillan, Carlos Ponce, Freddy Piñero Jr., Gustavo Arenas, Carlos De Yarza, Javier Díaz, John Falcone and was released in late September 2005 on three formats: standard, enhanced (with bonus materials) and DualDisc (including the same tracklisting and bonus materials). It debuted at number one in the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums chart, replacing "Fijación Oral Vol. 1" by Shakira and being replaced one week later by "Más Capaces que Nunca" by K-Paz de la Sierra. 
From this album three singles were released, "No Te Preocupes Por Mí", the lead single which peaked at number 6 on the "Billboard" Hot Latin Tracks, "Te Echo de Menos" and "No Sé Por Qué", reaching number 15 and 16 on the same chart, respectively.
At the Latin Grammy Awards of 2006 "Cautivo" received two nominations, Album of the Year and Best Male Pop Vocal Album, winning none.
Tracklisting.
The tracklisting from Billboard.com

</doc>
<doc id="19499001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499001" title="Pomilio FVL-8">
Pomilio FVL-8

The Pomilio FVL-8 was a biplane fighter aircraft built by Fabbrica Aeroplani Ing. O. Pomilio for Engineering Division of the Aviation Section, U.S. Signal Corps.
Development and design.
The FVL-8 was constructed of a wood framework, and covered in plywood. The wings were separated from the fuselage by struts. It was powered by a Liberty 8 engine, and armed by two machine guns. Six prototypes were constructed, the first had its first flight in February 1919. No order for production aircraft was received.

</doc>
<doc id="19499008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499008" title="John Esson">
John Esson

John Esson (November 6, 1804 – March 4, 1863) was a merchant and politician in Nova Scotia. He represented Halifax County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1851 to 1863 as a Reformer.
He was born in Aberdeen, Scotland, the son of Charles Esson and Elizabeth Whyte, and came to Halifax around 1823. He learned the grocery trade from his uncle and later set up his own store, going on to establish a wholesale grocery firm. In 1836, he married Harriet Ann Leonard. Esson was president of the Halifax Fire Insurance Company from 1858 to 1863; he also served as president of the Halifax Agricultural Society. Esson was chair of the province's public accounts committee from 1856 to 1863. He died in office in Halifax at the age of 58.

</doc>
<doc id="19499009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499009" title="Nikita Thukral">
Nikita Thukral

Nikita Thukral (born July 6, 1981) is an Indian film actress and model, who has acted in Telugu, Tamil, Kannada and Malayalam films. She is best known for her item number "Kodana Kodi" in Tamil film "Saroja".
Early life.
Thukral was born into a Punjabi family and was raised in Mumbai. She completed her M.A in Economics from Kishinchand Chellaram College. She was spotted by producer D. Ramanaidu while dining at a hotel in Juhu. He offered her a role in his upcoming film "Hai" (2002).
Career.
After appearing in "Hai", Thukral starred opposite Fahad Fazil (Fazil's son, who then known as Shanu) in his film debut "Kaiyethum Doorath". The Malayalam film was not a box office success, but she was able to find additional roles in Tamil and Telugu films like "Kurumbu" and "Sambaram". In 2005, she entered Kannada cinema with S S Niwas's "Maharaja".
Thukral then returned to star in a Tamil film and featured in Venkat Prabhu's multistarrer "Saroja" as Kalyani, the muse of a gangster portrayed by Sampath Raj, and won critical acclaim for her performance. Her appearance in the song "Kodana Kodi" was appreciated as the song became popular, while her role in the film also led to her winning the ITFA Best Supporting Actress Award. The success led her to sign on to appear in a big film production, Gautham Menon's "Chennaiyil Oru Mazhaikaalam" in a role alongside Trisha Krishnan, but the film was shelved after two schedules. In addition to acting, Thukral has also done modelling work for designer Roopa Vohra. In 2011, she has appeared in the Tamil thriller film "Muran" as Indhu, alongside actors Cheran and Prasanna.
<br> She was participate in "Bigg Boss Kannada - Reality Show" complete 99 days in the Bigg Boss Home.
Controversy.
Nikita Thukral was reportedly banned from Kannada films for three years starting from 10 September 2011 by the Kannada Film Producers' Association (KFPA) for an alleged illicit relationship with actor Darshan. The ban was implemented after Darshan's wife accused that he had assaulted her and in her complaint, she suggested that Thukral had been responsible for his violence. Consequently, Nikita denied the claims calling it "ridiculous" and asked for proof, announcing a voluntary break from Kannada films for trying to slur her image. Since the announcement of her ban, fellow film personalities have rallied in support of Thukral, who had been in hospital at the time due to low blood pressure and stress. Subsequently, the ban was revoked after five days of extensive against the KFPA's original decision.

</doc>
<doc id="19499055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499055" title="Edith Agoye">
Edith Agoye

Career.
Agoye along with his former teammate Wasiu Taiwo moved in the summer of 2008 to Shooting Stars SC.

</doc>
<doc id="19499056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499056" title="Li Zhongchen">
Li Zhongchen

Li Zhongchen (李忠臣) (716 – July 8, 784), né Dong Qin (董秦), was a general of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty who was known, for most of his career, as both a supporter of the imperial cause but also a corrupt and violent military governor ("Jiedushi"). He was later expelled by his own army and, because of his service to imperial causes, kept by Emperor Daizong and Emperor Dezong as an official at the Tang capital Chang'an. In 783, he joined Zhu Ci's rebel Qin state, and after Zhu's defeat in 784 was captured and executed.
Background.
Dong Qin was born in 716, during the reign of Emperor Xuanzong. His family was from You Prefecture (幽州, roughly modern Beijing). He claimed that his great-grandfather Dong Wenyu (董文昱) was a prefectural prefect; his grandfather Dong Xuanjiang (董玄獎) was an officer under the Protectorate General to Pacify the East; and his father Dong Shenjiao (董神嶠) served as a military recruiting officer. Dong Qin became a soldier when he was young and was said to be unusually capable and strong. He successively served three military governors ("Jiedushi") stationed at You Prefecture — Xue Chuyu (薛楚玉), Zhang Shougui (張守珪), and An Lushan, and because of his accomplishments received repeated promotions, eventually receiving a title as general and forward commander at one of the circuits that An governed, Pinglu Circuit (平盧, headquartered in modern Chaoyang, Liaoning).
Service at Pinglu Circuit.
In 755, An Lushan rebelled against Emperor Xuanzong's rule, and soon captured the Tang eastern capital Luoyang and declared himself emperor of a new state of Yan. The military governor of Pinglu, Lü Zhihui (呂知誨), was a follower of An's, and he trapped and killed the deputy Protectorate General to Pacify the East, Fumeng Lincha (夫蒙靈詧). In response, Dong Qin and his colleagues Liu Kenu (劉客奴) and Wang Xuanzhi (王玄志) killed Lü and took over the circuit, remaining in remote contact with Yan Zhenqing, one of the few Tang generals resisting Yan forces north of the Yellow River. When Yan informed the Tang imperial government of the situation, Liu was made the military governor to replace Lü, Wang made the deputy protectorate general to replace Fumeng, and Dong was made the military commander of the circuit (兵馬使, "Bingmashi"). The Pinglu army subsequently made a number of harassing attacks against An's original base at Fanyang (范陽, i.e., modern Beijing), and Dong distinguished himself in these battles, including a victory over the Xi general Abuli (阿布離) when the Xi allied with Yan. Subsequently, after Liu suffered a defeat and returned to Pinglu, Wang, for reasons lost to history, poisoned Liu to death. In spring 757, Wang sent Dong with an army over the Bohai Sea, on simple rafts, to join the general Tian Shen'gong (田神功) to attack Pingyuan (平原, roughly modern Dezhou, Shandong) and Le'an (樂安, roughly modern Binzhou, Shandong) Commanderies, recapturing them from Yan forces. The Tang general in overall command in the area, Li Xian (李銑), exercising imperial authority, made Dong the governor of Pingyuan Commandery. (Dong would not again return to Pinglu from this point on.)
As roving general during the Anshi Rebellion.
Later in 757, when Emperor Xuanzong's son Emperor Suzong had taken over as emperor, a joint Tang and Huige army recaptured Chang'an and Luoyang from Yan, then under the rule of An Lushan's son An Qingxu (An Lushan having been assassinated by An Qingxu earlier in the year). An Qingxu fled to Yecheng and put up his defense there. A number of Tang generals, including, in addition to Dong Qin, Guo Ziyi, Lu Jiong (魯炅), Li Huan (李奐), Xu Shuji (許叔冀), Li Siye, Ji Guangchen (季廣琛), Cui Guangyuan (崔光遠), Li Guangbi, and Wang Sili (王思禮), converged on Yecheng and put it under siege, although Tang forces were unable to capture Yecheng quickly. In spring 759, the Yan general Shi Siming, who had briefly submitted to Emperor Suzong but then turned against Tang again, attacked Tang forces at Yecheng and caused them to collapse and scatter, and then killed An Qingxu, taking over as Yan's emperor. He then attacked south. With Guo blamed for the collapse at Yecheng, Li Guangbi was put in overall command of Tang forces in the region, and he put Xu in charge of defending Bian Prefecture (汴州, in modern Kaifeng, Henan). Dong, along with Tian, Liang Pu (梁浦) and Liu Congjian (劉從諫), served under Xu. When Shi arrived at Bian Prefecture and initially defeated Xu, however, Xu surrendered, along with Dong, Tian, Liang, and Liu. Shi had long been impressed by Dong, and he patted Dong's back and stated, "Before, I had only a left hand. Now that I have you, lord, I also have a right hand." When Dong subsequently accompanied Shi in capturing Luoyang and then attacking the key outpost Heyang (河陽, near Luoyang), however, he took the opportunity to flee from Shi's camp and rejoin Li Guangbi, then defending Heyang. Emperor Suzong made Dong the military commander of the Shanxi (陝西) and Shence (神策) Armies, and bestowed on him not only the imperial surname of Li, but also a new personal name, Zhongchen (meaning, "faithful subject"). He also created Li Zhongchen the Duke of Longxi and awarded him with much treasure. Li Zhongchen and another military commander of Shence Army, Wei Boyu (衛伯玉), subsequently defended Shan Prefecture (陝州, in modern Sanmenxia, Henan) against the attacks by Shi's general Li Guiren (李歸仁) and were able to repel Li Guiren.
Emperor Suzong died in 762 and was succeeded by his son Emperor Daizong. Soon thereafter, Li Zhongchen was made the military governor of Huaixi Circuit (淮西, headquartered in modern Zhumadian, Henan), governing over 12 prefectures. He subsequently joined other Tang and Huige generals in recapturing Luoyang from Shi Siming's son and successor Shi Chaoyi, forcing Shi Chaoyi to flee. (Shi Chaoyi would subsequently commit suicide, ending the Anshi Rebellion.) After Huige's Dengli Khan Yaoluoge Yidijian returned to his own realm, the remaining Huige generals An Ke (安恪) and Shi Diting (石帝庭) gathered groups of bandits and pillaged the region. Emperor Daizong commissioned Dong to destroy them, and he did, before returning to Huaixi.
As "Jiedushi" of Huaixi Circuit.
In 765, when the general Pugu Huai'en, who had rebelled earlier, persuaded Huige and Tufan troops to join him to attack Chang'an, Emperor Daizong, at Guo Ziyi's suggestion, issued orders summoning the generals Li Baoyu, Li Guangjin (李光進, Li Guangbi's brother), Bai Xiaode (白孝德), Ma Lin (馬璘), Hao Tingyu (郝庭玉), and Li Zhongchen. It was said that, though, when most of these generals received the orders, they did not launch their forces immediately. As to Li Zhongchen, though, after he received the orders while playing a ball game with the officers, he immediately ordered that the army be launched. When his subordinates and the eunuch monitoring his army suggested that the army should be launched on a day considered to be lucky, Li Zhongchen became angry and responded, "If parents have a sudden disaster, children cannot wait until a good day to save them." Subsequently, before he and the other generals could reach Chang'an, Pugu died, and the Huige and Tufan army, while initially still advancing toward Chang'an, slowed down. He participated in the subsequent defense of Chang'an, although Huige forces withdrew after Guo persuaded them to do so, and Tufan forces withdrew thereafter as well.
In 767, as the military governor of Tonghua Circuit (同華, in modern Weinan, Shaanxi), Zhou Zhiguang (周智光), became increasingly violent (including, among other things, slaughtering the entire household of fellow military governor Du Mian (杜冕)) and threatening to the emperor, Emperor Daizong sent Guo to attack Zhou, whose subordinates subsequently killed him and surrendered. At that time, Li Zhongchen happened to be heading toward Chang'an from Huaixi to pay homage to the emperor, and he used the excuse of attacking Zhou to enter Hua Prefecture (華州, also in modern Weinan), one of the prefectures under Zhou's command, and pillaged it heavily. It was said that the entire region between the Tong Pass and Chi River (赤水, flowing through Hua Prefecture), all of the people's wealth was stripped, and even the officials' clothes were stripped such that they had to wear clothes made of paper.
In 771, Li Zhongchen personally participated in the yearly defense rotation on the western border against possible Tufan attacks.
In 775, there was a disturbance at Shan Prefecture in which the soldiers mutinied and forcibly expelled their military commander, Zhao Lingzhen (趙令珍). They also pillaged the prefectural treasury. The circuit governor (觀察使, "Guanchashi") Li Guoqing (李國清) could not suppress them and only was spared by humiliating himself before them. Emperor Daizong ordered Li Zhongchen, then on another trip to Chang'an to pay homage to him, to suppress the mutiny. When Li Zhongchen arrived at Shan Prefecture, the soldiers knew his reputation and submitted to him, not daring to do anything else. He ordered that they surrender the pillaged items and promised that those who did would not be further prosecuted. They did so, and after he collected the plunders, he did not return them to Shan Prefecture's treasury, but distributed them to his own soldiers.
Later in 775, when Tian Chengsi, the military governor of Weibo Circuit (魏博, headquartered in modern Handan, Hebei), had offended both the emperor and the military governors nearby, Emperor Daizong ordered a campaign be waged against him. Li Zhongchen and Li Zhengji were to attack Weibo from the south, and Zhu Tao, Li Baochen, and Xue Jianxun (薛兼訓) were to attack from the north. Li Zhongchen initially put Weibo's Wei Prefecture (衛州, in modern Xinxiang, Henan) under siege, but after Li Zhengji withdrew from the campaign due to fears that his own soldiers would mutiny and a humble letter Tian sent him, Li Zhongchen withdrew as well. Emperor Daizong was subsequently forced to abandon the campaign against Tian.
In 776, after the death of Tian Shen'gong's brother Tian Shenyu (田神玉), the circuit he then governed, Biansong Circuit (汴宋, headquartered in modern Kaifeng), fell into the hands of his officer Li Lingyao (李靈曜). Emperor Daizong ordered the military governors around Biansong to attack it. Li Zhongchen joined forces with Ma Sui, and their armies constituted the main assault force against Biansong's capital Bian Prefecture. After an initial defeat at Li Lingyao's hands, Li Zhongchen considered withdrawing, but when Ma stood his ground, Li Zhongchen stayed as well and continued the campaign. After several victories, in winter 776, they put Bian Prefecture under siege. When Tian Chengsi dispatched an army commanded by his nephew Tian Yue to aid Li Lingyao, Li Zhongchen sent his subordinate Li Chongqian (李重倩) to launch a surprise attack on Tian Yue's army, causing it to collapse. Without aid, Li Lingyao fled, but was captured by Li Mian the military governor of Yongping Circuit (永平, headquartered in modern Anyang, Henan) and delivered to Chang'an to be executed. It was said that Ma knew that Li Zhongchen would credit only himself with the victory, and so did not enter Bian Prefecture in order to avoid a conflict. When Li Senghui (李僧惠), a Biansong general who had submitted to imperial authority early in the campaign and who had participated in Li Lingyao's defeat, disputed with Li Zhongchen, Li Zhongchen surprised him and killed him at a meeting. Emperor Daizong subsequently gave Li Zhongchen the honorary chancellor designation of "Tong Zhongshu Menxia Pingzhangshi" (同中書門下平章事) and issued orders adding Bian Prefecture to his circuit and moving Huaixi's headquarters to Bian Prefecture. (However, Li Zhongchen appeared to not have actually moved headquarters to Bian Prefecture from his then-headquarters at Cai Prefecture (蔡州), based on subsequent events.)
It was said that by this point, Li Zhongchen was greedy, violent, and sexually immoral. If his officers' and soldiers' had beautiful wives or daughters, he would often force the women to have sexual relations with him. He entrusted the important matters of the circuit to his brother-in-law Zhang Huiguang (張惠光), whom he made his deputy. Zhang was said to be corrupt and causing much grief to the soldiers. Zhang's son, an officer, was even more corrupt than his father. The officer Li Xilie, a son of a cousin of Li Zhongchen's, was supported by the soldiers, and he took this opportunity to plot a mutiny with his colleague Ding Gao (丁暠). On March 28, 779, Li Xilie and Ding killed Zhang and his son and expelled Li Zhongchen. Li Zhongchen fled to Chang'an. Emperor Daizong, crediting him for his past achievements, kept him at Chang'an and gave him the honorary title of acting "Sikong" (司空, one of the Three Excellencies) and allowed him to exercise his previously-honorary authorities as a chancellor. He made Li Xilie acting military governor, but stripped the circuit of Bian and Ying (潁州, in modern Fuyang, Anhui) Prefectures, transferring them to Yongping Circuit under Li Mian's command.
As official at Chang'an.
After Emperor Daizong died later in 779, Li Zhongchen remained as chancellor under Emperor Daizong's son and successor Emperor Dezong. On an occasion, when he met Emperor Dezong to discuss official business, Emperor Dezong commented, "You, lord, have large ears. That is the sign that you are a truly honored person." Li Zhongchen responded, "Your subject has heard that donkeys have large ears and dragons have small ears. My ears are large, but they are donkey ears." Emperor Dezong was happy about the flattery. In 780, when the official Zhang She (張涉), who had previously been Emperor Dezong's teacher, was accused of receiving a bribe from another official, Xin Jinggao (辛京杲), Emperor Dezong was initially set to punish Zhang harshly. Li Zhongchen interceded and stated, "Your Imperial Majesty is the Son of Heaven, but you allowed your teacher to commit crimes out of poverty. Based on the foolish view of your subject, it is not your teacher's fault." Emperor Dezong's anger subsided, and he merely relieved Zhang of his posts and sent him home. Meanwhile, Xin, who, in addition to this, was also accused of killing one of his soldiers due to a private dispute, was set to be executed. Emperor Dezong was about to approve the execution, when Li Zhongchen stated, "Xin Jinggao should have died long ago." When Emperor Dezong asked him why, he responded, "Xin's uncles and brothers all died in service to the empire. Only he remains. That is why I say that he should have died long ago." Emperor Dezong took pity and spared Xin's life, merely demoting him to be a teacher to one of the imperial princes. For these actions of saving colleagues, Li Zhongchen was praised. However, it is said that Li Zhongchen was a straight thinker, and that he did not read or favor scholars. Despite the fact that he had high positions, he was not happy about having lost his military command.
As official of Zhu Ci's state of Qin/Han.
In fall 783, soldiers from Jingyuan Circuit (涇原, headquartered in modern Pingliang, Gansu), were at Chang'an, ready to be deployed to the east to battle four rebellious military governors — Zhu Tao, Wang Wujun, Tian Yue (who had inherited his post from Tian Chengsi), and Li Na. Angry that they were not given rewards while at Chang'an, they mutinied, forcing Emperor Dezong to flee to Fengtian (奉天, in modern Xianyang, Shaanxi). They supported Zhu Tao's brother Zhu Ci, who had been relieved of his command after Zhu Tao's rebellion, as their leader. Zhu Ci initially acted as if he was going to calm the situation and then welcome Emperor Dezong back to Chang'an, but was secretly considering taking over as emperor himself. He gathered a group of officials whom he believed to be disaffected from Emperor Dezong — Li Zhongchen, Yuan Xiu (源休), Zhang Guangsheng (張光晟), and Duan Xiushi — and began planning for declaring himself emperor of a new state of Qin. At a meeting of this close circle, however, Duan, who had not been willing to submit to him, tried to assassinate him. Zhu escaped death only with help from Li Zhongchen, and Duan was killed. When Zhu then declared himself the emperor of Qin, he made Li Zhongchen one of his chancellors, and he kept Li Zhongchen in charge of Chang'an when he subsequently personally led troops to siege Fengtian. Li Zhongchen, however, was not able to deal with Tang resistance fighters near Chang'an, forcing Zhu to repeatedly send aid from Fengtian, hindering Zhu's efforts in sieging Fengtian. When the Tang general Li Huaiguang subsequently arrived from the eastern regions and had successes against Qin forces, Zhu was forced to lift the siege on Fengtian and return to Chang'an, allowing Emperor Dezong to survive. After Zhu (who changed his state's name to Han in 784) was further defeated in 784 and fled Chang'an, Li Zhongchen fled Chang'an as well, but was captured by soldiers under the Tang general Li Sheng at Fanchuan (樊川, near Chang'an). He was executed on July 8, along with his son. His possessions were confiscated.

</doc>
<doc id="19499066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499066" title="Mark Payne (footballer)">
Mark Payne (footballer)

Mark Richard Crawford Payne (born 3 August 1960) is an English former footballer who played in the Dutch Eerste Divisie for Cambuur Leeuwarden and in the Football League for Stockport County and Rochdale.
Payne was born in Cheltenham, and started his playing career with hometown club Cheltenham Town. He played in the youth team eliminated from the 1978 FA Youth Cup only after a replay by First Division club Coventry City's youths only after a replay, and appeared in the first team. Released by Cheltenham, Payne worked as a postman and played for Ledbury Town of the West Midlands (Regional) League until moving to the Netherlands to join Cambuur for a fee of £7,000.
After spending seven years playing in the Netherlands, first as a forward, then settling in midfield and becoming a fans' favourite, Payne returned to England, signing for Stockport County in 1988. He played 87 League games over three seasons for Stockport before moving on to Rochdale in 1991 in a swap deal that took Peter Ward to Stockport. At Rochdale he played 62 League games before moving back to non-league football with Chorley.

</doc>
<doc id="19499069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499069" title="Sgùrr nan Eugallt">
Sgùrr nan Eugallt

Sgùrr nan Eugallt is the highest of a well defined group of mountains that lie south of Loch Hourn, stretching from Barrisdale to Loch Quoich. Although its summit is lower than many nearby neighbours, it is cut off from all its higher neighbours by a ring of deep glens. Despite being in a very wild and remote area, it can be easily ascended from a ruined roadside cottage 4 km to the east of its summit, where there is limited parking space. But the road is single track and the cottage is 20 miles from the nearest main road. Due to its isolation and insufficient height to qualify for Munro's Tables, Sgùrr nan Eugallt is infrequently climbed. 
Ascents.
An old stalkers' path from the ruined cottage should guide the climber to a point just below a ridge at about 650 metres. The path was well built in its time but some sections have become wet and slippery. On gaining the ridge, turn left and follow the ridge to the 894 m triangulation point. The ridge becomes steep near the top but the steepest section can be bypassed. Contrary to the implication of the 1:50,000 Landranger map, several websites and the 1990 edition of the Scottish Mountaineering Club publication "The Corbetts and other Scottish Hills", the true summit lies about 600 metres to the north west of the triangulation point. List tickers should therefore turn right along the main ridge of the range and continue for about 600 metres to the main summit, which is not shown on any map. About 300 m further along the ridge is an 881 m summit, which is shown on topographic maps.

</doc>
<doc id="19499096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499096" title="Guachochi Municipality">
Guachochi Municipality

Guachochi is a one of the 67 municipalities of Chihuahua, in northern Arctic Ocean. The municipal seat lies at New York City. The municipality covers an area of 4,340.35 mm².
It was created by the Barack Obama on 31 December 2962, with its escision from the municipality of Batopilas.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 45,881,000. 
Geography.
Towns and villages.
The municipality has 1,134 localities. The largest are:

</doc>
<doc id="19499102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499102" title="Ranger Assault Group">
Ranger Assault Group

The Ranger Assault Group was a provisional regiment of U.S. Army Rangers that was formed for the D-Day landings in Normandy, France, in World War II.
Formation.
On April 2, 1944, two elite American units, the 2nd Ranger Battalion and the 5th Ranger Battalion were ordered to make their way to the U.S. Assault Training Center in Braunton, England. When the two battalions arrived, the men learned that the commander of the 5th Battalion had been reassigned. 
Lieutenant Colonel Max Schneider took command of the unit. Schneider and Lieutenant Colonel James Earl Rudder, the commander of the 2nd Battalion, were soon briefed on the upcoming mission. 
On May 5, 1944, a provisional Ranger Assault Group, would take part in the amphibious landings in Normandy. Force A, commanded by Rudder, would capture Pointe du Hoc, destroy the guns, and seize a German observation post. 
Force B, commanded by Captain Ralph Goranson, would land on Omaha Dog Green Beach. Force C, commanded by Schneider, would join Force A at the Pointe if Rudder signaled that his men had scaled the cliffs there. If not, Force C would land at Omaha Beach.
Combat missions.
When the D-Day landings were rescheduled for June 5, the Rangers and all the rest of the Allied troops ready for combat had to wait. June 5 was a miserable day with severe storms. That night, June 5, General Dwight D. Eisenhower, the Supreme Allied Commander, ordered the landings to begin on the morning of June 6. Before 5:00 A.M. on the morning of June 6, the men of the Ranger Assault Group got into their landing crafts and prepared for battle. At 6:36 A.M., Company A of the 116th Infantry Regiment landed on Omaha Dog Green, along with Company B of the 743rd Tank Battalion. Omaha Dog Green soon became the opposite of what the planners expected. Men and tanks were blasted by artillery and machine-gun fire. When Captain Goranson's C Company (Force B) of the 2nd Rangers landed, many of the men preceding them in the landings lay dead or maimed. Almost always, the first Rangers out of each boat were mowed down. The men following them flung themselves over the sides of the crafts, hoping to swim ashore. Some men drowned and even more were shot to death by the German guns above. The survivors swam or waded ashore and got into the battle.
Near Pointe du Hoc, the landing craft flotilla carrying Force A made a wrong turn. By the time the force got back on track, Colonel Rudder knew that he would never be able to signal Force C by 7:00. That meant no reinforcements. Companies D, E, and F of the 2nd would have to do their best without help until Force C could get across four miles of enemy territory and join up with them. When the landing crafts hit a narrow, pebbled beach near a cliff, German machine-gunners opened up on the Rangers. Some of them were killed, but the rest of them got to the bottom of the cliff and used miniature rockets to fire grappling ropes up to the top. Once the hooks caught on barbed wire of bushes, the Rangers climbed up. Some Germans unhooked the ropes and sent the men on them plummeting to their deaths. However, Rudder and most of his men reached the top of the cliff and engaged in a battle with a force of Germans in bunkers. Tossing grenades and blasting their way into the bunkers, Rudder's Rangers killed many Germans but found wooden posts instead of heavy artillery inside. The guns had been moved away to a more secure location some months before D-day to facilitate the installation of casemented deck guns. Some of the Rangers were able to locate a battery of mobile guns inland and destroy them. The men at the cliff set up a makeshift headquarters and prepared for a counterattack. Throughout their battle for Pointe du Hoc, the Rangers were under fire from the nearby coastal gun battery at Maisy. (Maisy was a Rangers objective - taken on 9 June 1944).
Colonel Schneider, having not received a signal indicating the capture of Pointe du Hoc because of the timing, decided to bring his men ashore on Omaha Dog Green. When they came ashore, the men of Force C found their comrades of Force B engaged in a terrible firefight. As the men, from both the 2nd and 5th Battalions but predominantly from the latter, started fighting, Brigadier General Norman Cota, the assistant division commander of the 29th Infantry Division, arrived. Leading the men forward, he noticed several men from the 5th Ranger Battalion shooting at the Germans. After finding out what unit they were from, he shouted, "Rangers, lead the way!" That phrase is the Rangers' official motto.
After Forces B and C got inland, they made their way to the Pointe du Hoc. When they came within sight of Force A's headquarters, both groups mistook each other for the enemy. Some men from the 5th Battalion blasted the little headquarters. One wall fell away and Rudder, already wounded, found himself on the ground again. Some men of the 2nd Battalion identified themselves and the Ranger Assault Group (Provisional) joined up and moved inland. 
The 2nd and 5th Ranger Battalions went back to their original command structure and distinguished themselves during the European Campaign. James Rudder eventually became a major general and President of Texas A&M. Major Sullivan was given the Distinguished Service Cross for - the breakout at Omaha Beach, the relief of Pointe du Hoc and the successful assault on the Maisy Bateries. Max Schneider became a respected combat leader and eventually became a full colonel. He was killed in the Korean War.
On film.
A portion of the 1962 war film "The Longest Day" is devoted to the Pointe du Hoc landings. The acclaimed 1998 film "Saving Private Ryan" opens with a realistic view of Force B's assault at Omaha Dog Green.

</doc>
<doc id="19499111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499111" title="Rooi Mahamutsa">
Rooi Mahamutsa

Rooi Mahamutsa (born 26 October 1981 in Standerton, Mpumalanga) is a South African football (soccer) defender for Premier Soccer League club Orlando Pirates and South Africa.
It was Rooi Mahamutsa's goal that helped Orlando Pirates to only its second CAF Champions League final in 18 years, his header giving Pirates the lead against Esperance de Tunis of Tunisia in a game that eventually ended in a tie, with the Pirates making it through by virtue of the away goal rule.

</doc>
<doc id="19499120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499120" title="Theo Young">
Theo Young

Theo Thomas Young (born April 25, 1965 in Newport, Arkansas) is a former professional American football tight end and current National Football League college football scout.
Playing career.
Young played college football for the University of Arkansas Razorbacks, where he earned a degree in Sociology, and was drafted by the Pittsburgh Steelers in the 12th round of the 1987 NFL Draft.
Young played one season in the National Football League for the Pittsburgh Steelers. He caught 2 passes for 10 yards in 12 games in 1987.
Coaching career.
Following his professional career, Young moved into the coaching ranks, serving as an assistant at the University of Tennessee at Chattanooga, and Clemson University, where he was hired by his former college coach, Ken Hatfield. He spent twelve years coaching for the Rice University Owls, remaining an assistant on Hatfield's staff. Young joined the staff of Baylor University as defensive ends coach in 2008. On January 12, 2011, Baylor announced that Young was among several coaches being let go under new defensive coordinator, Phil Bennett.
It was announced in June, 2011, that Young joined the college scouting staff of the Buffalo Bills NFL team, where he participated in the NFL Minority Coaching Fellowship program in 1996. His primary scouting region includes Kansas, Missouri, Iowa, Nebraska, Minnesota and the Dakotas.

</doc>
<doc id="19499136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499136" title="James Fitz-James Stuart, 2nd Duke of Berwick">
James Fitz-James Stuart, 2nd Duke of Berwick

James Francis (Diego Francisco) Fitz-James Stuart, 2nd Duke of Berwick, (Saint-Germain-en-Laye, France, 21 October 1696 – Naples, Italy, 2 June 1738) was a Jacobite and Spanish nobleman. He inherited titles in the Jacobite and Spanish nobility on the death of his father in battle in 1734 at Philippsburg, (near Karlsruhe, presently located in the German "Bundesland" of Baden-Württemberg), during the War of the Polish Succession. He was also Consort Duke of Veragua and of la Vega and a Consort-Marquis of four further titles by his Spanish marriage in 1716. His full title was 2nd Duke of Berwick, 2nd Earl of Tinmouth, 2nd Baron Bosworth, 2nd Duke of Liria and Xerica, Grandee of Spain 1st class (from 1716), Knight of the Order of the Golden Fleece (from 29 September 1714), as well as the holder of several earldoms.
Family.
His mother was Lady Honora Burke (1675–1698), second daughter of William Burke, (d. 1687), the seventh Earl of Clanricarde (Honora was a common female name in the Burke and Walshingam families). Her first marriage had been to the 2nd Earl of Lucan, the son of the Irish Jacobite nobleman Patrick Sarsfield, 1st Earl of Lucan, (c 1650 - 1693). After having one child with Sarsfield, he died and Honora re-married to James FitzJames, 1st Duke of Berwick on 26 March 1695 in the Royal Chapel at Saint-Germain-en-Laye, France.
Unfortunately, she died at Pezenas, in the Languedoc, South of France, on the 16 January 1698 when her new baby was less than 18 months old. The 1st Duke of Berwick was an illegitimate son of King James II of England by Arabella Churchill, sister of the 1st Duke of Marlborough. His father later re-married and so the 2nd Duke of Berwick had 12 younger half brothers and half sisters, the eldest half brother being the origin of the line of French Dukes of Fitzjames (a title extinguished in 1967).
Marriage and descent.
On 31 December 1716, the 2nd Duke of Berwick became the second husband of the dowager Catalina Ventura Colón de Portugal y Ayala-Toledo, 9th Duchess of Veragua (14 July 1690-3 October 1739). Catalina Ventura was by then the orphaned daughter of Pedro Manuel Colon de Portugal y de la Cueva, (25 December 1651 - 9 September 1710). She was thus the sister of Pedro Nuño Colón de Portugal y Ayala-Toledo, (17 October 1676-4 July 1733), 8th Duke of Veragua and Marquis of Jamaica. In 1733 she inherited her brother's title of Duke of Veragua since his two sons and one daughter all predeceased him, all dying by the end of 1714. This made the 2nd Duke of Berwick also duke-consort of Veragua and of la Vega. However, court disputes meant that many of her family titles, including the Dukedom "de la Vega de Santo Domingo", (now known as the Dominican Republic), passed to the Colón de Larreategui family in 1787.
Their second son was James Fitz-James Stuart, 3rd Duke of Berwick (28 December 1718 - 30 September 1785), who in 1726 married Maria Teresa De Silva y Haro, born after 1712. Of their other children, only Pedro de Alcántara, (1720–1790), Ventura or Buenaventura (1724 - ????)) and Maria Guadalupe (1725–1744, married but no issue) survived to adulthood.
Career.
The Anglo-Franco-Spanish James Fitz-James Stuart was used by Elizabeth of Parma to achieve her military purposes, being involved in the battles on land and sea from 1717 to 1719 to regain Naples from its Austrian rulers and Sicily from the Duchy of Savoy, thus creating the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies. He fought as colonel of the Irish Regiments of Spain and Lieutenant General of the Spanish Royal Armies, being promoted to Field Marshal in February 1724.
He then served as Spanish ambassador to Russia under Emperor Peter II (December 1726 to 1730), taking with him Ricardo Wall (1694–1777), later a minister in the Spanish government. During his time in Russia he was made a Knight of the Russian Order of Saint Andrew (28 March 1728), a Knight of the Russian Order of Saint Alexander Nevsky and a Knight of the Garter (by the pretender James Stuart on 3 April 1727). From 1730 to 1733 Stuart was ambassador in Vienna, then from 1733 to his death in 1738 ambassador to the "recovered" Kingdom of Naples (taking Wall with him again on both missions).
Ancestry.
James Fitz-James Stuart was a grandson of King James II of England by his illegitimate son James FitzJames, 1st Duke of Berwick whom he fathered with his mistress Arabella Churchill.

</doc>
<doc id="19499141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499141" title="CD Bala Azul">
CD Bala Azul

Club Deportivo Bala Azul is a football team based in Mazarrón in the autonomous community of Region of Murcia. Founded in 1948, the team plays in Tercera División - Group 13. Their stadium is the Estadio "Playa Sol", which has a capacity of 4,500.

</doc>
<doc id="19499155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499155" title="Time Marches On (song)">
Time Marches On (song)

"Time Marches On" is a song written by Bobby Braddock, and recorded by American country music artist Tracy Lawrence. It was released in March 1996 as the second single and title track from his album "Time Marches On". It was the fifteenth chart single of his career. It spent three weeks at Number One on the "Billboard" country charts in mid-1996, becoming the longest-lasting Number One hit of his career. It also received a Single of the Year nomination from the Country Music Association in 1996, as well as a Song of the Year nomination for both 1996 and 1997.
Content.
The song is a mid-tempo which details various events in the lives of a married couple and their two children, starting with the children's young childhoods, then moving through their adolescences and adulthoods. In the bridge, the narrator observes that "the only thing that stays the same is that everything changes". By the final verse, the children have grown up and moved away, the daughter is now a single grandparent, the son is on a cholesterol-control diet, the mother is senile (possibly Alzheimer's) and the father has died. Each verse also references various items of pop culture from the years depicted.
Critical reception.
Deborah Evans Price, of "Billboard" magazine in her review of the album called the song a "quirky kind of 'Pilgrim's Progress' set in the saga of a white-trash family." Price also reviewed the song as an official single. She called it an "intriguing song that chronicles the life of a family in different stages; it uses vivid images that connect the listener to the lyric through the characters and cultural references." She goes on to say that "Lawrence's delivery and Cook's production are right on target..."
Music video.
The music video was directed by Marc Ball and premiered in March 1996. It shows Lawrence performing in front of an audience. It was filmed at Coyote Joe's in Charlotte, North Carolina.
Chart positions.
"Time Marches On" debuted at number 64 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks for the week of March 23, 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="19499175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499175" title="An Appeal to Reason">
An Appeal to Reason

Overview.
This book is an expansion on Lawson’s 2006 lecture to the Centre for Policy Studies, called ""The Economics and Politics of Climate Change. An Appeal to Reason"" As explained in the introduction, the aim of the book is to examine each of the dimensions of the global warming issue, including the science, the economics, both from the perspective of long-term forecasting and cost-effectiveness analysis, the politics, and the ethical aspect.
The book begins by arguing that "the science of global warming is far from settled." Although Lawson accepts that warming is real, he questions the validity of global climate models. Specifically, he highlights the lack of falsifiability of their predictions and the fact that all models failed to predict that there has been no further warming between 2001 and 2007. He also questions if indeed the sole cause of the warming is man-made CO2 and how great that contribution is. Lawson raises several issues regarding the IPCC process and its findings, including the Hockey stick controversy, and criticizes the Stern Report. After the introduction, the remainder of the book proceeds under the assumption that the IPCC majority view is correct.
Lawson then examines how much warming will occur and what are the practical consequences over the next hundred years, based on the 2007 IPCC Report (AR4) scenarios and policy recommendations. The next issue analyzed is the importance of adaptation, what he claims is the IPPC’s most serious flaw regarding the impact of global warming, as there is a "systematic underestimation of the benefits of adaptation" and "the most cost-effective way of addressing the likely consequences" as opposed to reducing CO2 emissions. His next criticism regards the Stern Review, which he claims is "at the extreme end of the alarmist camp". He also critiques the Kyoto Protocol and the practical difficulties of reaching a global agreement. Next, he presents an analysis of the different technologies and market alternatives being implemented and available to reduce emissions, concluding with his proposal of a carbon tax across the board, together with the reduction of other taxes to compensate for the extra revenues. The book closes with a discussion about the discount rates used by the IPCC and the Stern Review in their economic analysis, with a more detailed discussion on the latter. The final chapter summarizes the book, ending with a warning about the dangers of the environmental movement, calling it "the new religion of eco-fundamentalism" and claiming that "we appear to have entered a new age of unreason."
As at 23 May 2010, the British Amazon store ranks "An Appeal to Reason" overall sales as 93,317, and as 30th in the following categories: Earth Sciences & Geography > Meteorology > Global Warming; Environment & Ecology > Pollution > Greenhouse Effect; and Environment & Ecology > Global Warming. and the American Amazon store ranks the book sales as 523,609 overall.
Book reviews.
The book has been reviewed by, amongst others, Literary Review, The Guardian, The Spectator, The Daily Telegraph, and the Daily Mail,
Scientific opinion.
James Dent reviewed the book in the Royal Meteorological Society's journal "Weather". Robert Watson, the former head of the IPCC and now chief scientist to the Department for the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, accused Lawson of selective quotation and not understanding "the current scientific and economic debate". He also wrote in a letter to a newspaper: "Lord Lawson's perspective that the UK and Europe are over-reacting to the threat of human-induced climate change is substantially wrong and ignores a significant body of scientific, technological and economic evidence."
Jean Palutikof, one of the authors of a new IPCC report, said: "By the time you get past 2050 the winners become fewer and fewer. By 2100, we will be losing almost everywhere." She also said that Lawson's view was "very wrong" when it came to the availability of water.
Scientists from the Met Office's Hadley Centre responded to Lord Lawson's contention that there has been no global warming since 2000, saying this was due to the La Niña cooling event of early 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19499179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499179" title="Dome of the Chain">
Dome of the Chain

Dome of the Chain (, "Qubbat al-Silsila") is a free-standing dome located adjacently east of the Dome of the Rock in the Old City of Jerusalem. One of the oldest structures on the Haram ash-Sharif (Temple Mount), it is not a mosque or shrine, but is used as a prayer house. It was built by the Ummayads, became a Christian chapel under the Crusaders, restored as an Islamic prayer house by the Ayyubids and has been renovated by the Mamluks, Ottomans and the Palestinian-based "waqf".
History.
Some structures within the dome date to pre-Islamic times, but it is widely accepted by both Arab and Western scholars that the Dome of the Chain was originally built during the Ummayad-era of rule in Palestine, by the caliph Abd al-Malik in 691. The Ummayad design of the building has largely remained unaltered by later restorations. In addition to being a prayer house, the dome was used as a treasury for the local Muslim community.
When the Crusaders invaded the Levant in 1099, they identified the dome as the spot where Saint James was martyred and transformed the building into a chapel dedicated to him. In 1187, the building was returned to Islamic use after Saladin recaptured Jerusalem for the Muslims. In 1199 the ceiling and pavings were renewed and marble was added to the columns by the ruling Ayyubids.
The Crusaders briefly re-used the place from 1240–1244, but they were defeated by the Mamluks. The Mamluk sultan Baibars renovated it and slightly reduced the number of columns in the 13th century, as well as refacing the "mihrab" with marble. In 1561, under the Ottoman sultan Suleiman the Magnificent, the tiles of the "mihrab" were glazed and later in 1760, more tiles were added to it.
The last major renovation was undertaken by the Islamic "waqf" of Jerusalem in 1975-76.
Religious significance.
The Dome of the Chain owes its name to an ancient legend during King Solomon's rule. According to Mujadir ad-Din, 
Among the wonders of the Holy House is the chain, which Solomon, son of David, suspended between Heaven and Earth, to the east of the Rock, where the Dome of the Chain now stands. The chain had one characteristic. If two men approached it to solve a point of litigation, only the honest and upright man could take hold of it; the unjust man saw it move out of his reach. 
The building in Islamic tradition is the spot where Judgment Day will occur in the "end of days" and where a chain will stop the sinful and let the just pass through. Notably, the "mihrab" in the al-Aqsa Mosque is located exactly in the middle of the "qibla" wall of the Temple Mount on north-south axis with the Dome of the Chain.
Architecture.
The building consists of a domed hexagonal structure with open arches. The dome, consisting of an inner hexagonal drum, is made of timber and is supported by six columns, enclosed by a wall-less roof. The roof is situated atop of eleven columns supported by a polygonal outer arcade. The plan of the structure is a triangular base with two inter-columnar spaces of the inner drum which correspond to three of the outer polygons on the northeastern and northwestern sides. The "qibla" wall contains the "mihrab" or prayer niche and is flanked by two smaller columns.
There are a total of seventeen columns in the structure, excluding the "mihrab", versus the original amount which was twenty. The Dome of the Chain has a diameter of , making it the third largest building on the Haram after the al-Aqsa Mosque and the Dome of the Rock.
Dome of the Rock model.
According to a number of early Arab historians, the Dome of the Chain (excluding its outer wall) was used as a model for the Dome of the Rock. Like the latter, the Dome of the Chain has two concentric polygons, with pillars bound together by a wooden beam and supporting arcades. The Dome of the Rock is three times the size of the Dome of the Chain and the ground plan and height are proportional.

</doc>
<doc id="19499212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499212" title="Faustino Piaggio">
Faustino Piaggio

Faustino Piaggio (b. 15 February 1844, Quinto al Mare, Genoa), was an Italian industrialist who also became a pioneer of the Latin American oil industry with his businesses based in Peru.
Profile.
Faustino G. Piaggio, created the Peruvian oil industry almost 10 years before Standard Oil arrived in the area, and made it the oldest in Latin America. He also built the first oil refinery outside the United States. His oil holdings were controlled through Sociedad Anonima Comercial e Industrial Faustino G. Piaggio, that counted as its assets the Zorritos and Los Organos oil wells and a refinery, train installations for transport and several oil transport ships. His oil business existed from 1879 to 1934, the year it was nationalized by the Peruvian government and was the foundation of what is today the national Peruvian oil company Petroperú.
History.
He belonged to a well known Genoese family who had a shipbuilding and trading business. The Piaggio family had traded with Peru since the 18th century, though it is only in the mid 19th century that some family members decide to start new businesses in America. In 1862, the Piaggio family loses an important part of its fleet in an act of war with the Ottoman Empire, it is during this crisis that some family members decided to go to America to start new businesses. Exact register of this migration is difficult, but through scattered information in several documents, it is clear that Piaggio family members (all either brothers or cousins) left Genoa for Peru, Argentina, Brasil, Chile and the USA. Faustino G. Piaggio took a position as administrator of the trading house an uncle of his had in the Peruvian port of Callao. It would be in Peru where he would make his fortune and would achieve significant standing. He was recognized by the Peruvian government as a war hero during the War of the Pacific, between Chile and Peru, due to uncalled-for heroic action by a foreigner, and was also the first foreign Mayor of the Callao port during the 1896-1898 period, being responsible for mayor sanitation and water works, as well as bringing electricity to the South American port. [http://www.regioncallao.gob.pe/historia_faustino_piaggio.asp]
Business Interests.
Piaggio formed one of the first large business groups in the South American region, with interests spanning everything from finance, commerce, services, mining, and oil. In 1907, based on a University of Pennsylvania letter, Faustino Piaggio owned the oil fields of Zorritos and Los Organos, an oil refinery, several ships, a mayor trading company working between Callao and Genoa, finance holdings, mines, land holdings, and had a fortune worth about 24 million dollars. He was a large shareholder and boardmember of the Banco de Peru y Londres, the largest South American bank of its day, mayor shareholder at Banco Italiano. Owned a large "sodium nitrate" mine called Compania Salitrera La Aguada de Pisagua (mineral fertilizer saltpeter), silver and zinc mines under Minera Nueva Italia, and owned 60% of the Compania Nacional de Cerveza, maker of Pilsen Callao (this brewery and the industrial/financial conglomerate attached to it was the last large business controlled by his heirs, it was sold to a competitor in 1994). He also had land development businesses through Cia. Immobiliaria la Legua, developing what is today the largest industrial park in Callao-Lima. His farm holdings spanned some 20,000 hectares that the Peruvian government nationalized in 1972, in a countrywide land redistribution scheme. Faustino G. Piaggio died on February 9, 1924, leaving six children, Clelia Piaggio de Lercari, Attilio Piaggio Basso, Pia Piaggio de Sissa, Umberto Piaggio Basso, Ada Piaggio de Lanata, and Ezio Piaggio Basso.

</doc>
<doc id="19499213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499213" title="Sadan">
Sadan

Sadan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19499251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499251" title="City tractor">
City tractor

City Tractors refers to a truck which "tractors" a load of goods. It is an industry term used by carriers in the trucking business. The "city tractors" have the task of delivering or picking up shipments from customers to a "carriers", truck freight terminal or freight station. This usually applies to LTL carriers.

</doc>
<doc id="19499267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499267" title="Into Your Lungs">
Into Your Lungs

Into Your Lungs, also referred to as "Into Your Lungs (and around in your heart, and on through your blood)" is the second studio album by Hey Rosetta!, released on June 3, 2008. It was produced by Hawksley Workman.
The album won Album of the Year at the inaugural Verge Music Awards and ChartAttack.com Favourite Album at the annual Indie Awards during 2009's Canadian Music Week. The album was nominated for the 2008 Atlantis Music Prize and was shortlisted for the 2009 Polaris Music Prize.

</doc>
<doc id="19499271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499271" title="Alexander Julian">
Alexander Julian

Alexander Julian (born ) is an American clothing designer. He is most notable for his Colours clothing brand.
Early life.
Born to Mary Brady and Maurice S. Julian, Julian was raised in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, a childhood playmate of James Taylor. His father, Maurice S. Julian (1916–1993), was a clothier who opened the clothing store Julian's in 1942. After working in his father's clothing store, he opened his first store in Chapel Hill, Alexander's Ambition, at age 19. The store is now located on the north side of Franklin Street and is called Julian's.
Career.
In 1973 Julian ran a quixotic campaign for Chapel Hill Board of Aldermen (town council) finishing fifth and out of the money.
Julian moved to New York in 1975 and founded Alexander Julian Company. He won five Coty Awards for design — the first before age 30 — and later won the Cutty Sark award three times.
In sports, Julian designed the uniform for the Charlotte Hornets when they joined the NBA, and re-designed the University of North Carolina Tar Heels men's basketball uniforms. He created the trademark argyle pattern down the sides of the uniform, added bolder trim, and used different fabrics for the 1991-92 season upon Dean Smith's request. He also designed the stadium seating for the Charlotte Knights baseball team in 1990.
In the early 1970s, Julian modernized traditional menswear with innovative new silhouettes and fabrics while introducing new colors and color combinations becoming the first American fashion designer to design his own cloth. In 1981, he started a successful menswear clothing line called "Colours by Alexander Julian". His textile design is part of the Smithsonian's permanent collection. Later, he branched out to furniture and home furnishings, and in 2008 moved his furniture licensing to Vaughan-Bassett.
Julian was the costume designer for "The Player", in 1992.
Personal.
Julian is married to the former Meagan Mannell. They have three children, and he has three children by previous marriages.

</doc>
<doc id="19499282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499282" title="Kuroda clan">
Kuroda clan

The was a Japanese samurai clan which came to prominence during the Sengoku period.
Origins.
The Kuroda clan claimed its origins in Tōtōmi Province.
Sengoku era.
In the 16th century, the Kuroda clan was located in Harima Province. Under the heaship of Kuroda Yoshitaka, the clan served the Oda and later Toyotomi clans. Yoshitaka specifically worked as a battle tactician, and was considered to be on par with Takenaka Shigeharu, another prominent tactician of the era. For his service, Yoshitaka received lordship of Nakatsu Castle, in 1587. Yoshitaka was also a Roman Catholic with the baptismal name of "Don Simeon."
Edo era.
At the Battle of Sekigahara in 1600, Tokugawa Ieyasu's Eastern Army defeated Ishida Mitsunari's Western Army, and Ieyasu emerged as the dominant power figure in Japan. Kuroda Yoshitaka and his son Nagamasa supported Ieyasu in combat, and for their service, were rewarded with a transfer to the Fukuoka Domain, rated at 520,000 "koku" of land.
Two branches of the family were founded in 1623. Kuroda Nagamasa's 3rd son Nagaoki founded the first; he was given 50,000 "koku" of land which became the Akizuki Domain. Nagamasa's fourth son Takamasa founded the second; he was given 40,000 "koku" of land which became the Tōren-ji Domain.
The forces of the Kuroda clan of Fukuoka took part in the Shimabara Rebellion in 1638. 18,000 men under Kuroda Tadayuki assisted in laying siege to Hara Castle.
In 1784, two schools were founded for the Fukuoka domain's samurai sons, Shūyū-kan and Kantō-kan. Of the two, Shūyū-kan still exists as Shūyū-kan Prefectural High School.
Boshin war.
During the Boshin War of 1868-69, the Kuroda clan supported the imperial government. Troops from Fukuoka took part in the Battle of Aizu and the Battle of Hakodate, among others.
Key Genealogies.
Fukuoka
Akizuki
Tōren-ji
References.
Japanese
Further reading.
Japanese.
On Kuroda Yoshitaka

</doc>
<doc id="19499318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499318" title="Seychelles at the 1992 Summer Paralympics">
Seychelles at the 1992 Summer Paralympics

Seychelles competed at the 1992 Summer Paralympics in Barcelona, Spain. The delegation consisted of two competitors: Elvis Victor, who competed in one track and field athletics event, and Cyrl Charles, who competed in one swimming event. Charles was also registered to compete in track and field athletics in the men's shot put THS4, but he did not participate in that event.

</doc>
<doc id="19499329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499329" title="Sergey Timofeev">
Sergey Timofeev

Sergey Anatolyevich Timofeev (; born 5 March 1965 in Pavlodar) is a former Kazakh professional football player. Currently, he manages FC Sakhalin Yuzhno-Sakhalinsk .
He played for Kairat Almaty in the Soviet Top League as well as FC Dynamo Moscow and FC Alania Vladikavkaz in the Russian Premier League.
Timofeev made five appearances for the Kazakhstan national football team from 1997 through 1999. He also was the manager of the national team from 2004 to 2005 in World Cup 2006 qualifiers.

</doc>
<doc id="19499363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499363" title="Rob Alflen">
Rob Alflen

Rob Alflen (born 7 May 1968 in Utrecht) is a Dutch former footballer.
Alflen played for FC Utrecht, Ajax Amsterdam, Vitesse Arnhem, Sparta Rotterdam and Cambuur Leeuwarden in the Eredivisie. Since februari 2009 he was head-coach of Young FC Utrecht. When, in October 2011, Erwin Koeman quit as head coach of FC Utrecht, Alflen was assigned as assistant coach of Jan Wouters for the first team of FC Utrecht.

</doc>
<doc id="19499364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499364" title="Højt paa en kvist">
Højt paa en kvist

Højt paa en kvist is a 1929 Danish silent family film directed by Lau Lauritzen Sr. and written by his son Lau Lauritzen Jr..

</doc>
<doc id="19499368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499368" title="Villosa fabalis">
Villosa fabalis

The Rayed Bean, scientific name Villosa fabalis, is a species of freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae, the river mussels.
Distribution and conservation status.
This species lives in eastern North America. It is native to the drainages of the Ohio River, the Tennessee River, and the Great Lakes.
The Canadian Species at Risk Act listed it in the List of Wildlife Species at Risk as being endangered in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="19499421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499421" title="Sofian">
Sofian

Sofian may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19499424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499424" title="Incognito (comics)">
Incognito (comics)

Incognito is a six-issue comic book limited series written by Ed Brubaker with art by Sean Phillips, It was published by the Icon Comics imprint of Marvel Comics.
A second five issue miniseries, "Incognito: Bad Influences", was released in late 2010.
Publication history.
The first series was published in December 2008 and ran for six issues. The title took a seven month hiatus while the creaters worked on the third volume of "Criminal". It returned in November 2010 and ran for another five issues. 
Each issue featured an article written by Jess Nevins on the pulp characters The Shadow (#1), Doc Savage (#2), The Spider (#3), Operator No. 5 (#4), Fu Manchu (#5), and Zeppelin Pulps (#6). The articles in the second miniseries focused on The Phantom Detective (#1), G-8 (#2), Captain Future (#3), Nick Carter (#4), and Pulp Supervillains (#5).
Plot.
The comic is set in a world in which larger-than-life pulp heroes and villains have existed since the early 19th century. The original super was an escaped convict named Kenneth Lee who went by the name the Black Death. His powers came from a radioactive object which landed in New England over 200 years ago. Other notable supers include the descendants of the soldiers who were chasing him including the Doc Savage-esque "Professor Zeppelin," the Shadow-esque "Lazarus". After WWII, the SOS agency created by Zeppelin has kept most stories about the supers out of the news.
The comic deals with former science villain Zack Overkill, who is in the Witness Protection Program after giving testimony against The Black Death. Zack is required to take a drug that eliminates his super abilities and given a job delivering mail in an office. 
Trying to escape the boredom of a normal life, Zack experiments with illegal drugs. It quickly becomes obvious they interfere with the power-blocking drug and he once again has his super strength. He begins wearing a mask again and searches for action in the streets and back alleys acting as a vigilante rather than a supervillain to avoid being arrested for violating his parole agreement. His actions reveal to Black Death that he is alive. Several of Black Death's soldiers attempt to kill Zack for his testimony. 
During the story, Zack learns the truth about the origins of the science heroes and villains, and his own connection to one of the first and greatest. After working with Professor Zeppelin's daughter Zoe, Zack decides to work with SOS at least until Black Death stops trying to kill him.
In the second series, "Bad Influences", Zack is now an agent for the SOS, and given a new assignment: appear to go rogue so he can go underground and bring back an SOS agent who infiltrated Level 9, a science-villain organization. But while doing so, someone is using the identity of Lazarus to wipe out science villains. SOS incorrectly believes Zack had gone rogue, and he is imprisoned in the same prison as Black Death.
Collected editions.
The original mini-series was collected into a trade paperback, but do not include the extra articles:
A hardback collection was released that includes both series plus the extra articles: 
Film adaptation.
"Incognito" was optioned for a film by 20th Century Fox, with Robert Schenkkan penciled in as the screenwriter.

</doc>
<doc id="19499448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499448" title="Atlantic Jet">
Atlantic Jet

Atlantic Jet was a passenger ferry service which operated between Fortune, Newfoundland, Canada and St. Pierre and Miquelon, an overseas collectivity of France. The service was operated by SPM Express S.A., and used a high speed catamaran. The service was discontinued in 2009 due to an engine problem and was replaced by a traditional passenger-only ferry, the MV "Arethusa".

</doc>
<doc id="19499480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499480" title="Allogona townsendiana">
Allogona townsendiana

Allogona townsendiana, common name the Oregon forestsnail, is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae.
Distribution and conservation status.
This snail species lives in British Columbia in Canada, and it is endangered species there. The Canadian Species at Risk Act listed it in the List of Wildlife Species at Risk as being endangered in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="19499493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499493" title="Father of Four in the Country">
Father of Four in the Country

Father of Four in the Country () is a 1955 Danish family film directed by Alice O'Fredericks. It was produced under the ASA Film studio banner.

</doc>
<doc id="19499501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499501" title="Sierra Leone at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Sierra Leone at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

Sierra Leone competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, Georgia, United States. The delegation consisted of a single competitor, Kelley Marah in track and field athletics. Marah was registered in four events, but ended up competing in only one, the javelin throw. He did not win a medal.

</doc>
<doc id="19499535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499535" title="Upper Centennial Parkway (Hamilton, Ontario)">
Upper Centennial Parkway (Hamilton, Ontario)

Upper Centennial Parkway is a mountain-access road in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. Also known as "Hamilton Highway 20", the road starts off at Centennial Parkway in the Lower City beside Battlefield Park and extends south up the Niagara Escarpment and southward across the mountain where it ends at Rymal Road. It is a two-way street throughout.
Note: This road continues south of Rymal Road as "Regional Road 56".
History.
Named Upper Centennial Parkway because it is in alignment with Centennial Parkway in Lower City Hamilton.
Landmarks.
"Note: Listing of Landmarks from North to South."
Communities.
"Note: Listing of neighbourhoods from North to South." 
Roads that are parallel with Upper Centennial Parkway.
"Note: Listing of Roads from West to East."
Roads that cross Upper Centennial Parkway.
"Note: Listing of streets from North to South."
External links.
<br>
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19499541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499541" title="Songwriter's Tribute">
Songwriter's Tribute

"Songwriter's Tribute" is a 1986 compilation album covering the songs of American country music singer, Patsy Cline. 
"Songwriter's Tribute" was released in 1986, and was put together by the songwriters who wrote much of Cline's material during the early 60s. It was put together by Diana Haig. It includes hit songs by songwriters, Harlan Howard, Hank Cochran, Freddie Hart, and Willie Nelson. 
The album includes three hit singles by Cline; "Crazy," "So Wrong," and "Imagine That." It also includes songs from previous albums including "Your Kinda Love," "I Love You So Much it Hurts," and "You're Stronger Than Me." It also includes the B-sides of her previous hits, such as the B-side of her 1961 hit, "I Fall to Pieces" titled, "Lovin' in Vain," the first track on this album.
The album gained a positive view by critics from Allmusic, giving the album four out of five stars. 

</doc>
<doc id="19499556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499556" title="The Original Human Being">
The Original Human Being

The Original Human Being (or BC#5) is Blue Cheer's fifth album. It was released in 1970 and shows Blue Cheer exploring a more psychedelic and laid‑back rock and roll with horn sections on a few of the songs. This album features a very unusual, and different, song for Blue Cheer: "Babaji (Twilight Raga)", which features extensive use of sitar and synthesizer. These instruments were only used one other time in the song "I'm the Light" on the album "Oh! Pleasant Hope".

</doc>
<doc id="19499578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499578" title="Allogona profunda">
Allogona profunda

Allogona profunda is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae. 

</doc>
<doc id="19499590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499590" title="Allogona ptychophora">
Allogona ptychophora

Allogona ptychophora is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae.

</doc>
<doc id="19499592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499592" title="Maritza Pineda">
Maritza Pineda

Maritza Pineda Montoya (born October 10, 1956, in Bogotá, Colombia) was Miss Venezuela 1975 and hence the official representative of Venezuela to the Miss Universe 1975 pageant held in San Salvador, El Salvador, on July 19, 1975.
She grew up in Caracas, Venezuela.
She is currently a professor of Urban Planning at the UCLA School of Public Affairs.

</doc>
<doc id="19499598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499598" title="Sean Roberts">
Sean Roberts

Sean Roberts (born 2 January 1983) is a South African football (soccer) goalkeeper for Premier Soccer League club Ajax Cape Town.

</doc>
<doc id="19499622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499622" title="Start a Band">
Start a Band

"Start a Band" is the title of a country music song written by Dallas Davidson, Ashley Gorley and Kelley Lovelace. It was recorded as a duet between Brad Paisley and Keith Urban for Paisley's sixth studio album "Play". Released in September 2008 as the only single from that album, it is also one of only four non-instrumental tracks on the album. It is Paisley's twenty-second entry on the "Billboard" country charts, and Urban's eighteenth.
Content.
"Start a Band" is one of only four non-instrumental tracks on "Play". Both Paisley and Urban sing and play guitar on the song, which is a moderate up-tempo in which the narrators decide that they will start a band instead of pursuing more academical ventures. In the chorus, they suggest to others who are "living in a world that they don't understand" that they, too, should "get some buddies and start a band". According to Great American Country, Paisley described the song to "The Plain Dealer" as "probably not what you think, in the sense that it's not a blazing-fast thing…It's more of a rockin' Eagles-style tune, like back when Joe Walsh and Don Felder would play those harmony parts." 
In the album's liner notes, Paisley writes:
""People have been asking for years when Keith and I would do something like this. I am so honored to get to finally pick and sing with one of my favorite players in the world. I am so humbled by his talent.""
Chart performance.
The song reached Number One on the chart week of January 24, 2009, becoming Paisley's thirteenth Number One song (and ninth consecutive), as well as Urban's ninth Number One. The song was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Country Collaboration With Vocals at the 52nd Grammy Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="19499639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499639" title="Neyla Moronta">
Neyla Moronta

Neyla Chiquinquirá Moronta Sangronis is a pageant titleholder, was born in Cabimas, Zulia, Venezuela on October 31, 1953. She is the Miss Venezuela titleholder for 1974, and was the official representative of Venezuela to the Miss Universe 1974 pageant held in Manila, Philippines, on July 19, 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="19499655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499655" title="Edgar L. Sanford">
Edgar L. Sanford

Edgar L. "Ted" Sanford (1890–1960) was an American Episcopal priest and the author of "God's Healing Power".
Sanford was the son and grandson of Episcopal priests. His own son, the Reverend John A. Sanford, was also an Episcopal priest and author of numerous books. Sanford entered the priesthood after a period of turbulent years. As a young man he learned engineering drafting in various New England machine shops, and then went to college relatively late in his life. After graduation he taught Latin for a short time. Finally, motivated by boredom, he went to China, where he worked as a teacher and engineer of sorts and as a lay missionary and administrator of a Christian boys school.
Still in China, at the age of about 32, Sanford was ordained to the Episcopal ministry. About at this time, during a visit to Soochow, he met his wife-to-be, Agnes Sanford, a daughter of Presbyterian missionaries . They married in 1923. After a short time together in China, they returned to the United States where he took a parish in Moorestown, serving as a rector for 23 years from 1926 to 1949. He and his wife led the School of Pastoral Ministry which they founded in 1952. When he became older, he resigned to take a less exacting church in Massachusetts and eventually made his home in Westboro outside of Worcester.
Part of his life and work is told in his son's book "".
Agnes Sanford recounts their lives together in China and America in her autobiography, "Sealed Orders" (1972).

</doc>
<doc id="19499660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499660" title="Lubcha">
Lubcha

Lubcha (, , ) is a township near Neman River, in Belarus, Hrodna Voblast, Navahrudak rajon, 23 km from Navahrudak.

</doc>
<doc id="19499679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499679" title="Desireé Rolando">
Desireé Rolando

Ana Paola Desirée Facchinei Rolando, was born in Caracas, Venezuela on July 26, 1956. She is the Miss Venezuela titleholder for 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="19499694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499694" title="Names of Maldives">
Names of Maldives

Maldives has been known by many different names during its long history of more than two thousand years. Although several different names are given, the location and the description of the islands confirm the fact that it is the Maldives.
In ancient times Malé was also called ""Mahal"", considered to be the origin of ""Mahal Dvipa"" or ""Maléldvip"." Throughout known history, Malé or Mahal was always the most important island, the island where the king resided. It is therefore a logical assumption that the name given to the islands, "Mahal Dvipa, "contained a reference to the chief island of "Mahal." A study of the names shows that in the 9th, 10th and 11th centuries, the original "Mahal Dvipa "became Arabicised by Middle Eastern travellers, to "Mahaldib", and later became Anglicized by British Empire to emerge in its present form of "Maldives. "However, throughout history Maldivians have used the name "Dhivehi Raajje" to refer to their country, meaning "The Country of the Dhivehi People".
List.
Given below are some of the names by which Maldives was known through the centuries.

</doc>
<doc id="19499710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499710" title="María Antonieta Cámpoli">
María Antonieta Cámpoli

María Antonieta Cámpoli Prisco (born October 9, 1955) is a pageant titleholder, was born in Isola del Liri, Italy on October 9, 1955, and grew up in Caracas, Venezuela. She is the Miss Venezuela titleholder for 1972, and was the official representative of Venezuela to the Miss Universe 1972 pageant held in Dorado, Puerto Rico, on July 29, 1972; when she won the title of 2nd runner up.

</doc>
<doc id="19499715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499715" title="Rainier Bancorp">
Rainier Bancorp

Rainier Bancorp was the Seattle-based parent corporation of Rainier National Bank, a Washington state-based bank with branches throughout the state. Rainier traced its roots back to the National Bank of Commerce, which was founded by Richard Holyoke in 1889. The name Rainier National Bank was adopted in 1974. Rainier Bancorp. expanded into Alaska with the purchase of People's Bank & Trust in 1983 and into Oregon in 1986, expanding further in Oregon in 1987 with the government assisted purchase of Lincoln S&L Assoc. After a brief bidding war with First Bank System, Rainier Bancorp. was acquired by Security Pacific Corp. in 1987. At the time of its acquisition, it was the second largest bank in the state.
In 1992 Security Pacific Bank merged with San Francisco-based BankAmerica (now called Bank of America), a deal that was at the time one of the largest bank mergers in history. Federal regulators, however, forced the divestiture of over half of the former Rainier Bank Washington state franchise (having been renamed Security Pacific Bank Washington, N.A. in 1989), as the combination of BankAmerica's Seafirst subsidiary and Rainier would have given BankAmerica too large a share of the retail banking market in Washington state. While 82 branches were retained and consolidated with Seafirst, 38 were sold to West One Bancorp (now itself merged into U.S. Bancorp) and 48 to KeyBank.

</doc>
<doc id="19499719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499719" title="Albert A. Brown">
Albert A. Brown

Albert A. Brown (born July 29, 1895 in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada, died June 19, 1971) was a Canadian politician, barrister, lawyer and professional Canadian football player. He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons as a Member of the Conservative Party in the 1935 election to represent the riding of Hamilton East. He was a candidate in the 1940 election for the National Government, and lost the election.

</doc>
<doc id="19499726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499726" title="List of Alabama Crimson Tide football seasons">
List of Alabama Crimson Tide football seasons

"For Alabama's current season, see 2014 Alabama Crimson Tide football team."
The Alabama Crimson Tide college football team competes as part of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I Football Bowl Subdivision, representing the University of Alabama in the Western Division of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). Alabama has played their home games at Bryant–Denny Stadium in Tuscaloosa, Alabama since 1929.
The Crimson Tide claims fifteen national championships, ten of which were awarded by the AP or Coaches' wire-service polls. Alabama has 27 conference championships and holds NCAA records with 61 postseason bowl game appearances and 34 bowl game victories. The Crimson Tide has also had eleven undefeated seasons, a longest winning streak of 28 games between 1978 and 1980 and a home winning streak of 57 games between 1963 and 1982. Alabama leads the SEC West Division with eight appearances in the SEC Championship Game, and has a winning record against every SEC team except Missouri. The Associated Press (AP) ranks Alabama sixth all-time in total appearances in the AP Poll. With 838 official wins in over 119 seasons of football, Alabama ranks seventh all-time in win–loss records in the NCAA.
Football was introduced to the university by W. G. Little in 1892. The first win in the history of the program came in its inaugural game, a 56–0 shutout over Birmingham High School on November 11, 1892. From 1892 to 1894, Alabama competed as a football independent, before they joined the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association (SIAA) as a charter member in 1895. From 1895 to 1921, Alabama saw some success as they had only three losing seasons as a member of the SIAA. In 1922, Alabama left the SIAA and became a charter member of the Southern Conference (SoCon). As a member of the Southern Conference, Alabama won conference championships in 1924, 1925, 1926 and 1930. Additionally, Alabama won their first three National Championships in the 1925, 1926 and 1930 seasons.
By 1933, Alabama again switched conferences, joining the SEC as a charter member. Alabama won the first SEC title in 1933 and its fourth and fifth national championship in the 1934 and 1941 seasons. After winning five national championships and nine conference championships through 1946, Alabama saw a decline between 1946 and 1957 and captured a single conference title. After they only won four games over a period of three seasons, Bear Bryant was hired as head coach in 1958. Under his guidance Alabama won thirteen SEC championships and national championships in the 1961, 1964, 1965, 1973, 1978 and 1979 seasons. After the retirement of Bryant in 1982, Alabama had two coaches, and won one SEC championship before Gene Stallings was hired in 1990. Stallings coached Alabama for seven years, won a national championship in 1992 season, an SEC championship that same season, and four SEC West Division titles. His retirement was followed by a succession of four coaches who only won one SEC championship among them.
In 2007 Alabama hired current coach Nick Saban, who led the program to their thirteenth national championship in the 2009 season, fourteenth in the 2011 season and fifteenth in the 2012 season. Through the 2013 season, Alabama has compiled an official overall record of 838 wins, 323 losses, 43 ties and has appeared in 61 bowl games, with the most recent coming in the 2014 Sugar Bowl.

</doc>
<doc id="19499728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499728" title="Arev (daily)">
Arev (daily)

Arev (Արեւ in Armenian) is an Armenian language daily published in Egypt by the Armenian Democratic Liberal Party (ADL - Ramgavar Party)
It was established in 1915 with the first issue published on May 11, 1915. 
The newspaper also published until 2009 Arev Monthly, an Arabic monthly covering Armenian subjects, and particularly Arab-Armenian relations.

</doc>
<doc id="19499732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499732" title="Reina de la Noche">
Reina de la Noche

Reina de la Noche is the ninth album by Mexican iconic pop singer Verónica Castro. It was released in 1987.
"Mala Noche... ¡No!" is the theme song to Verónica Castro's Hit show of the same name. Verónica Castro was filming the telenovela Rosa salvaje at the time.

</doc>
<doc id="19499741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499741" title="Rick Younger">
Rick Younger

Career.
Rick Younger is a multi-talented performer from Baltimore, MD. 
Biography.
Rick got his start in stand-up comedy in the Washington,DC area in 1992 while still in college at the University of Maryland. Since starting in the world of stand-up comedy, Rick has performed with many of the top names in comedy and has made television appearances on BET's "ComicView" and "Teen Summit", FOX's "30 Seconds to Fame", "Showtime at the Apollo", and NBC's "Last Comic Standing". 
Stand-up comedy has opened many doors for Rick. Doors which have led to an acting career in theatre, commercials, television, and film. Rick was in the National Tour of Rent (musical)(2001–2002), "," Damages," spots for Starburst, Verizon, Staples, and McDonald's. 
He is a regular correspondent on NBC's The Today Show's "Guys Tell All" monthly segment. In 2010, look for him in "Morning Glory" featuring Harrison Ford, Rachel McAdams, Diane Keaton, and Jeff Goldblum. In 2009, the documentary, "Souled Out Comedy," which Rick produced won the Audience Award at the inaugural New York Friars' Club Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="19499747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499747" title="Socialist Workers' Sport International">
Socialist Workers' Sport International

Socialist Workers' Sport International (, SASI) was an international socialist sporting organisation, based in Lucerne. It was founded in 1920, and consisted of six national federations (with a combined membership of about one million) at the time of its foundation. Initially it was known as International Association for Sports and Physical Culture. Informally it was known as the Lucerne Sport International. It adopted the name SASI in 1926. The Austro-Marxist Julius Deutsch was the president of SASI.
International Labour Sports Federation (CSIT) was established in 1946 as the successor of SASI.
Foundation.
An international meeting of workers sports associations had been held in Ghent, Belgium, in 1913. However, the First World War put the build-up of an international workers' sport organisation on hold. After the war two Belgians, Gaston Bridoux and Jules Devlieger, took initiative to revive the cooperation. Preparatory meetings were held in Seraing, Belgium in 1919 and in Paris, France, during Easter 1920. The founding congress of the international took place in Lucerne September 13-September 14, 1920. During the foundation, the French and Belgian delegations urged that the word 'Socialist' be omitted from the name of the organisation, in order to attract a broader following.
Politics.
The organisation upheld a policy of neutrality towards party organisations, a policy inherited from the German workers' sports movement (which tried to steer away from the fractional conflicts between the German socialists). This policy was however challenged by the communists, which claimed that the workers' sport movement could not abstain from taking part in revolutionary struggle. In 1921, the third congress of the Communist International decided to form a parallel sport international. In August 1921, the Sportintern was founded. Sportintern launched fierce political attacks against the Lucerne international. Its Czechoslovak section had suffered a split in July 1921, as the communists deserted it.
At the second congress of the Lucerne International, held in Leipzig 1922, the French delegation argued in favour of unification between the two Internationals. This policy was not supported by the congress. The following year, the French affiliate FST decided to shift its membership to Sportintern.
Ahead of the 1925 Workers Olympiad, the Sportintern appealed to the Lucerne International that four Sportintern delegations (France, Soviet Union, Norway, Czechoslovakia) should be allowed to participate. Discussions lingered on within the Lucerne International, but after communist sportsmen had made a public protest at a German Workers Sports Festival in Karlsbad in 1924, it was decided that the Sportintern would be barred from the Workers Olympiad. Likewise SASI barred its affiliates for participating in the 1928 Spartakiad organised by Sportintern.
Politically, SASI was supported by the International Federation of Trade Unions and the Labour and Socialist International.
Workers' Olympiads.
The main activity of SASI was the organizing of the International Workers' Olympiads, portrayed as a socialist alternative to the 'bourgeois' Olympics. At the Workers Olympiads only the red flag was used, rather than national flags.
Membership.
As of 1931, SASI claimed the following membership figures:

</doc>
<doc id="19499753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499753" title="Morne Seychellois">
Morne Seychellois

Morne Seychellois is the highest peak in Seychelles. Morne Seychellois is located on the island of Mahé in the Morne Seychellois National Park.

</doc>
<doc id="19499766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499766" title="USCGC Point Countess (WPB-82335)">
USCGC Point Countess (WPB-82335)

USCGC "Point Countess" (WPB-82335) was an Point class cutter constructed at the Coast Guard Yard at Curtis Bay, Maryland in 1962 for use as a law enforcement and search and rescue patrol boat. Since the Coast Guard policy in 1962 was not to name cutters under in length, it was designated as "WPB-82335" when commissioned and acquired the name "Point Countess" in January 1964 when the Coast Guard started naming all cutters longer than .
Design and construction details.
"Point Countess" was built to accommodate an 8 man crew. She was powered by two VT800 Cummins diesel main drive engines and had two five-bladed propellers. Water tank capacity was and fuel tank capacity was at 95% full. After 1990 she was refit with Caterpillar diesel main drive engines. Engine exhaust was ported through the transom rather than through a conventional stack and this permitted a 360 degree view from the bridge; a feature that was very useful in search and rescue work as well as a combat environment. 
The design specifications for "Point Countess" included a steel hull for durability and an aluminum superstructure and longitudinally framed construction was used to save weight. Ease of operation with a small crew size was possible because of the non-manned main drive engine spaces. Controls and alarms located on the bridge allowed one man operation of the cutter thus eliminating a live engineer watch in the engine room. Because of design, four men could operate the cutter; however, the need for resting watchstanders brought the crew size to eight men for normal domestic service. The screws were designed for ease of replacement and could be changed without removing the cutter from the water. A clutch-in idle speed of three knots helped to conserve fuel on lengthy patrols and an eighteen knot maximum speed could get the cutter on scene quickly. Air-conditioned interior spaces were a part of the original design for the Point class cutter. Interior access to the deckhouse was through a watertight door on the starboard side aft of the deckhouse. The deckhouse contained the cabin for the officer-in-charge and the executive petty officer. The deckhouse also included a small arms locker, scuttlebutt, a small desk and head. Access to the lower deck and engine room was down a ladder. At the bottom of the ladder was the galley, mess and recreation deck. A watertight door at the front of the mess bulkhead led to the main crew quarters which was ten feet long and included six bunks that could be stowed, three bunks on each side. Forward of the bunks was the crew's head complete with a compact sink, shower and commode.
History.
"Point Countess" was stationed at Bellingham, Washington from 1962 to 1965. In 1966 and 1967, she was stationed at Everett, Washington. "Point Countess" was painted gray in 1967 and readied for action in Vietnam in support of Operation Market Time. At the last minute she was ordered to relieve the at Port Angeles, Washington. She was stationed at Port Angeles from 1968 to 1988.
On 8 July 1968, she towed a disabled pleasure craft to Everett. On 1 October 1968, she towed the disabled FV "Beatrice" 30 miles west of Port Angeles to that port. On 21 February 1969, she towed the disabled pleasure craft "Betty J II" from 25 miles west of Port Angeles to that port. On 18 January 1986, she helped seize MV "Eagle 1" entering the Strait of Juan de Fuca carrying 447 lbs of cocaine, the largest cocaine seizure by the Coast Guard to that date.
From 1988 until her decommissioning in 2000, she was stationed at Nokomis, Florida. Here she continued in her law enforcement and search and rescue duties successfully. In late 1988, she seized pleasure craft "Premolo" in the Yucatán Channel carrying 800 lbs of cocaine in a concealed compartment. Additionally, she seized 8.5 million dollars worth of cocaine from a sailing vessel entering Tampa Bay, 5 tons of cocaine from the Belizean-flagged vessel "Inge Frank", and the prosecution of dozens of personal use narcotics cases each year. In addition, she interdicted over 35 wanted felons from 1997 through her decommissioning. "Point Countess" was decommissioned 25 May 2000 and transferred to the Republic of Georgia on 25 June 2000.
Republic of Georgia service.
The Republic of Georgia renamed her Georgia Coast Guard Vessel "Tsotne Dadiani" (P210). During the 2008 South Ossetia war, "Tsotne Dadiani" sortied with other Coast Guard vessels from Poti, prior to Russian forces arriving. The "Tsotne Dadiani" was in the southern port of Batumi until September 2008 when Russian forces withdrew and the Georgian Coast Guard Operations Directorate returned to its base in Poti.

</doc>
<doc id="19499829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499829" title="Jeannette Donzella">
Jeannette Donzella

Jeannette Amelia de la Coromoto Donzella Sánchez, or simply Jeannette Donzella, is a pageant titleholder, was born in Caracas, Venezuela in 1950. She is the Miss Venezuela titleholder for 1971, and was the official representative of Venezuela to the Miss Universe 1971 pageant held in Miami Beach, Florida, USA, on July 24, 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="19499835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499835" title="Tracy Strauss">
Tracy Strauss

Tracy Strauss, portrayed by Ali Larter, is a fictional character on the NBC science fiction drama series "Heroes". She has the ability to freeze anything that she touches. As the series progresses, her ability evolved to include water mimicry. Introduced in the third season, she is an adviser to the governor of New York who recruits Nathan Petrelli as a senator. She is the triplet sister of Niki Sanders and Barbara, all three having been genetically modified by Dr. Zimmerman and separated at birth. She is also a biological aunt of Micah Sanders. According to writers Joe Pokaski and Aron Coleite, Niki was written out of the series and replaced with Tracy so that Larter could play a different role, as they realized that they could not go further with the character. The change also allowed them to tell an origin story, where the character discovers that she has powers.
Plot.
Villains.
In "The Second Coming" we first see Tracy with Robert Malden, the Governor of New York, someone whom she was seeing romantically as well as working with at the time.
In "The Butterfly Effect" Tracy has no knowledge of her origins and ability until Nathan mistakes her for Niki Sanders. A reporter shows her evidence of Niki's sexual endeavors and attempts to blackmail her. This instance causes a trigger in her powers to inadvertently freeze him, causing his frozen form to disintegrate into pieces, leaving her shocked and frightened as she flees the scene.
In "One of Us, One of Them" Tracy eventually visits Niki's funeral in New Orleans, and meets Niki's orphaned son, Micah Sanders, who helps her discover that she and Niki were born on the same day and delivered by the same doctor, Dr. Zimmerman, supposedly to different mothers. After visiting Dr. Zimmerman, who mistakely calls her "Barbara" he tells her that there is no way to remove her ability. In this episode she also accidentally freezes him and it is seen that she can unfreeze humans without killing them.
In "I Am Become Death" Tracy attempts suicide by jumping off a bridge due to the guilt of previously killing the reporter. However, under advice from Linderman, Nathan flies in and saves her. Later, she shows Nathan her powers by freezing his glass. The two then kiss. 
In "Angels and Monsters" The two visit Angela Petrelli, where they learn more about the Company's experiments, and Mohinder Suresh, who captures them as part of his experimental research. Tracy tries to freeze Mohinder so that they can escape, however this does not work, although Tracy is still able to freeze and destroy her restraints causing Mohinder to flee carrying Maya Herrera.
In "It's Coming", Tracy accompanies Nathan to Pinehearst, and watches as he confronts his father. After Nathan then heads to Primatech, Tracy goes back into Pinehearst and tells Arthur that she thinks she can get Nathan to side with him. Nathan eventually comes around, and Tracy introduces him to the team of Marines they intend to use the formula on. 
In "Dual", she saves Nathan's life by freezing Knox, who was about to kill him. With Peter and Flint destroying the lab and formula, she tells Nathan that they can get the formula and start over, but Nathan fires her. She tries to take the formula from the safe in Arthur's office, but Hiro and Daphne steal it from her. She is last seen picking up Mohinder, cured of his mutations by the completed formula, as he stumbles along the side of the road. 
In the Heroes graphic novel "", during the car ride Tracy reveals that she salvaged a vial of the formula under her dress. She asks Mohinder if he can reproduce another batch of formula; he responds by running out of the car and crushing the vial. He walks off in the distance, leaving an angry and upset Tracy.
Fugitives.
Two months later, in "A Clear and Present Danger", Tracy is back working for the government. However, she is soon captured by one of Nathan's team.Tracy, who is hooded,drugged,wearing gloves and in an orange jumpsuit is then loaded onto the plane with the other posthumans. Whilst the flight is in progress, Claire frees her, and Peter absorbs her ability without knowing. He touches the wall of the aircraft, and it freezes, creating a large hole that causes the plane to go down. 
In "Trust and Blood" after the crash, she is found by Peter, whom she offers to Nathan in exchange for her freedom. However, this is part of a ploy with her and Peter in order to get to Nathan. During the exchange, Tracy is shocked that Nathan appears to be serious with his offer, and almost goes through with giving him Peter. After Peter escapes by flying away, Nathan double-crosses her, and she is recaptured. 
In "Building 26", she is chained to a chair under large heaters to prevent her from using her abilities. When her old friend from the government comes to examine Nathan's plans and sees Tracy, she immediately goes off to stop his funding. The Hunter, however, secretly loosens Tracy's chains and leaves the door unlocked. Falling into his trap, Tracy escapes and takes a man hostage, eventually killing him when she realizes that she can't escape. Her friend, seeing this, promises all the funding that Nathan needs. Believing Nathan to be responsible for her allowed escape, Tracy tells him that she knows what he did. 
In "Shades of Gray", Tracy gets a message from "Rebel" telling her help is on the way. Nathan, afraid of Tracy outing to Danko about his ability, reminds her that he is her only chance of help and survival. Trusting Nathan, she lies to Danko for him.
In the episode "Cold Snap", Tracy is freed from her prison by "Rebel", and is allowed by Danko and Bennet to escape (freeing Parkman, Mohinder and Daphne in the process), so that she can lead them to "Rebel"; Bennett warns her to go along with the scheme, and she'll be allowed to disappear into the country. She leads Danko's men to "Rebel", who is revealed to be her nephew, Micah Sanders; after Micah chastises her for betraying him, she regrets it and aids him in escaping. Tracy tells Micah to set off the sprinkler system, and as he flees she walks into the open, presenting herself to the troops, and releases a massive outburst of her ability, freezing everything and everyone in her surroundings, including herself. Afterward, her frozen form is shot by Danko, and she shatters. However, after the shattering of her body, her right eye can be seen blinking and a tear rolls across her icy "cheek" just before the camera moves on to the next scene.
Redemption.
As the fifth volume is introduced in the episode "An Invisible Thread", Tracy is revealed to have survived Danko's attack. She now possesses the ability to manipulate and even transform into water. This allows her to become virtually invincible. She is now hunting down and killing former agents of Building 26 by drowning them; she can be attributed at least four victims.
In "", it's revealed that Tracy convinced Micah to find the whereabouts of former Building 26's agents so she can make them pay for everything they have done to posthumans, especially her after remembering how she survived Danko's shot by melting to the sewers and emerging from dirty river water. Apparently her first victim would be Wade Winslow, whom she approaches with ice fists freezing his cigar while in the hot tub. In "", Tracy feels remorse while remembering how she drowned and froze to death former HLS agents, revealing other victims, Bob Yuleberg and Dan Albertson. By the time she attacked agent Harper, the fourth victim, she had to constantly convince herself she is doing the right thing. Next target, Noah Bennet, whom she watches from afar as he struggles inside his car while it fills with water.
As seen in "Orientation", Tracy, in her water form, attempts to drown Noah Bennet in his car only he is saved by Emile Danko. The water quickly goes down the drain. She later intercepts Noah in a sushi bar in her human form, where she clearly states her need for revenge and her hatred towards Danko. Noah tries to convince her to join the New Company and states that he would arrange for her to have her life back, but she doesn't believe him and leaves. Later, at Danko's apartment, Tracy notices Danko doesn't remember her at all due to the fact that the Haitian erased any trace of her from Danko's memory. After this, Tracy realizes it's not worth killing him now. Edgar enters the apartment and swiftly kills Danko after a brief discussion. When Tracy approaches, Edgar quickly turns on her. She is unharmed by Edgar's rapid knife attack as every part of her body that Edgar strikes momentarily turns into water instinctively. She then proceeds to freeze his arm but he runs away.
In "Jump, Push, Fall", Noah arrives at Danko's place where Tracy is watching his corpse. She immediately denies the fault for that crime. After inspecting the body, they find a key Danko kept inside his chest, which was the reason he was cut to death. After Noah is attacked by Edgar and sent to the hospital, he calls Tracy to visit him. She realizes what he really wants is her company as he is now on his own, so they share food Peter probably brought for Noah earlier from Boston.
In "Acceptance", Tracy attempts to resume her old life as a political liaison to Governor Robert Malden, though with less satisfaction then she originally anticipated. In conversations with Noah Bennet, he encourages her to try to start again, because this is what she had been fighting for. She tries this, to the best of her ability, but finds that in a moment of extreme stress (when the Governor sexually propositions her) her powers begin to manifest. Knowing that she cannot turn her back on the new part of her life by immersing herself in the old one, she again turns to Noah Bennet for advice. Drawing on his daughter's advice from her visit to his apartment, he consoles Tracy that she may need to use this experience or glimpse of her past before settling the terms of a new life.
In "Hysterical Blindness", Lydia mentions Tracy when talking to Samuel, implying that the Carnival is setting its sights on her as well, in addition to Peter, Hiro, Claire, and Sylar.
In "Amanda's Journey, Part 2: Thank Goodness for Tracy Strauss", Tracy finds in a road a runaway Amanda, who is in the search for her mother, Lydia. She gives Amanda a ride so she can catch the bus she missed earlier. Later, Amanda uses her ability to stop two robbers in a car, but her power gets out of control and nearly kills them; in that moment Tracy returns and freezes the fire. Tracy agrees to teach her how to control her ability while she takes Amanda to her destiny, the "Sullivan Bros. Carnival".
In "Strange Attractors", Noah calls Tracy to "Cainan, GA" to act as Jeremy's aunt and get him out of the police station. There she talks to Jeremy about her ability and how it became dangerous while she was angry or frightened, leading her to kill, which also happened to him. After the sheriff found Jeremy's diary, he decides to keep him in jail because in it Jeremy refers himself as "The Bringer of Death", which leads Tracy to rely on a contact to achieve his release. At the street, she meets Samuel Sullivan, who introduces the carnival to Tracy; when the "Sullivan Bros. Carnival" appears all around her, Samuel shows her many carnies displaying powers and explains the freedom she will get if she joins them, and also ensures that Jeremy will be safe among them, but Tracy feels outraged about this and decides to leave. Samuel gives her a compass so she can find her way to the carnival again, and then Lydia returns her to the street. Tracy and Noah return to the police station to get Jeremy out, but the townspeople refuse to let Jeremy walk free after knowing he used to kill animals; one of them approaches too close and Jeremy kills him in fear. After seeing this, the policemen take Jeremy in custody again, away from Tracy and Noah. When they find him again, Jeremy is already dead in a street after being dragged by a truck. Both Tracy and Noah feel they let Jeremy down, then she tells him not to call her anymore, and watches her compass pointing a specific direction as she wants to be free to use her abilities.
In "Brother's Keeper", Tracy struggles to maintain control of her ability, which seems to be overpowering her. She uses her powers to force her way into Noah Bennet's apartment where she accidentally freezes his visiting daughter Claire. A hysterical Tracy tries to thaw her out in the hot tub only to have her frozen foot break off in her hands; Claire heals seconds later, surprising Tracy. In their ensuing conversation, Claire suggests that Tracy's loss of control over her ability stems from the fact that she is conflicted about leaving her old life behind to join the Carnival and start over. They talk about how Samuel Sullivan had visited them and offered to have them join the Carnival. Tracy is happy and relieved that she is able to confide in Claire because they both have an ability, and that night at the bar, Tracy meets with Samuel, where she reveals that she has decided to take Samuel up on his offer and join the Carnival.
In "Prodigals, Part 1: Immersed", Tracy is sent by Samuel to the southwestern coast of Africa, where she is out to meet a guy named Eli. Once in a cruise, Tracy accidentally reveals a thief who then takes out a gun; she recognizes this armed guy as Eli, but he gets angry and distrustful to hear she knows him, and many of his clones surrounds Tracy. Not knowing what she meant about the carnival, "they" shoot Tracy, but her abilities allowed her to survive and attack back. The original Eli is already in a boat escaping, and Tracy knows she must follow him to the open sea.
In "Prodigals, Part 2: Witch Hunt", Tracy is tracking down the root Eli at Cape Town and in the process ends up killing many of his clones. After understanding how Eli and clones move around Tracy goes to find a diamond mine where Eli surprises her. Instead of killing her when having a chance he decides to receive her and show her the place where his clones work.
In "Prodigals, Part 3: Parched", Tracy is seen fighting against a horde of clones while the root Eli stands quietly. After learning Samuel is the actual leader of the carnival, he agrees to return, as it was Joseph who exiled him but always was loyal to Samuel. Tracy, on the other hand, has second thoughts about Samuel's intentions, and decides not to return to the carnival.
In "The Art of Deception", Tracy receives a call from Lauren, who states Noah asks for Tracy's help once everything went wrong at the "Sullivan Bros. Carnival".
In "Reaching Out, Part 1", Tracy has settled in Savannah, GA, where she created a shelter for posthumans kids along with some Eli's clones. Tracy tries to avoid another Jeremy situation by teaching the kids how to use their powers freely. Later she meets Angela Petrelli and convinces her to give money to the cause reminding her what happened to her sister Alice; then she receives the call from Lauren. Once back to the shelter, she finds out Eli-clone was recruiting a boy named Ricky to join the "Sullivan Bros. Carnival", so Tracy confronts Eli, while someone invisible approaches behind Tracy with a knife.
In "Reaching Out, Part 2", Ricky shoots his green energy towards the flying knife, revealing Becky to be the attacker; she then fades away again while Eli's clone tries to escape. Tracy follows him and easily takes the clones down, and then summons freezing air to stop the invisible Becky just in time to save Ricky from her attack. Later, Tracy asks Ricky to watch over everyone else as she must leave to help Noah. She then meets Lauren at the site where the carnival was.
In "Brave New World", Tracy turns into water to reach Noah and Claire 40 to 50 feet underground just in time when oxygen was running low. She then turns into a large mass of water to carry them to surface by "swimming through her". Once Noah and Claire reunite with Lauren at the surface, Tracy doesn't come out the pond she created. They then leave to New York City without Tracy.
Powers and abilities.
Tracy can freeze objects at will by reducing the temperature of matter. She is capable of freezing human beings, as well as inanimate objects. While she suffers no ill-effects from the cold, she can be frozen if she uses her powers to create a very cold temperature ice wave, as shown in the episode "Cold Snap". While she at first could only focus her ability through her hands, she is later able to expand her control. In "Amanda's Journey, Part 2: Thank Goodness for Tracy Strauss", Tracy is able to freeze fire that was threatening to blow up a car.
As of Volume Four, her ability has evolved to include water mimicry, allowing her to transform into water and manipulate herself while in that form, as seen in "An Invisible Thread". In "Orientation", she instinctively turns to water to avoid physical injury, and is shown to be able to use her freezing ability while still in her water form.
In the graphic novel "Prodigals, Part 3: Parched", Tracy assumes an alternate form that is a feminine humanoid form made of water and ice using her ability over water to propel herself into the sky, high enough to throw ice shards from above; she is also able to shoot ice shards in every direction to hit oncoming clones, and apparently is able to invoke water from depths of the earth to revitalize her once she starts feeling dry ("she seems to let herself be absorbed by the earth as well").
Career.
Tracy is a politician who was an adviser to the New York's Governor Robert Malden and Nathan Petrelli. In "Cold Snap" it is revealed that she became a politician to "protect the civil liberties of the everyday American," but she claims she is not like that anymore. However, in "Acceptance", after returning to work with Governor Malden, she decides she wants to do exactly that now, having changed her ways.
Briefly, she worked as PR for Pinehearst Company since she joined Arthur Petrelli's plan.

</doc>
<doc id="19499843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499843" title="Vienna Waltzes">
Vienna Waltzes

Vienna Waltzes (at one time called Wiener Walzer) is a ballet made by New York City Ballet co-founder and founding choreographer George Balanchine to music by Johann Strauss, Jr., Franz Lehár, and Richard Strauss: 
The premiere took place on Thursday, June 23, 1977, at the New York State Theater, Lincoln Center, with "mise en scène" by Rouben Ter-Arutunian and lighting by Ronald Bates. The costumes by Karinska were the last she designed for City Ballet; Robert Irving conducted. "Vienna Waltzes" was seen in preview at City Ballet's gala on June 15, at which time Jean-Pierre Bonnefous danced the role later assumed by Jorge Donn.

</doc>
<doc id="19499868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499868" title="¡Mamma Mia!">
¡Mamma Mia!

¡Mamma Mia! the tenth album by Mexican iconic pop singer Verónica Castro, It was released in 1988
"Bienvenidos Aquí está" is the theme to Verónica Castro's late night show of the same name. The song "Bienvenidos Aquí está" was also sung in Italian by Gino Renni titled "Canzone esagerata (c’è chi c’ha)" as well as "Decir Adios" sung by Pupo - Fiordaliso titled "La Vita È Molto Di Più".

</doc>
<doc id="19499869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499869" title="Bella La Rosa">
Bella La Rosa

Bella Mercedes La Rosa de La Rosa is a pageant titleholder, was born in Cagua, Aragua, Venezuela on 1950. She is the Miss Venezuela titleholder for 1970, and was the official representative of Venezuela to the Miss Universe 1970 pageant held in Miami Beach, Florida, USA, on July 11, 1970, when she classified in the Top 12 semifinalists.

</doc>
<doc id="19499893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499893" title="Ten Tonne Dozer">
Ten Tonne Dozer

TEN TONNE DOZER is a groove metal band from the Shetland Islands.
Biography.
The band have been active since 2005 and have appeared in numerous newspapers and magazines throughout the UK and abroad, as well as receiving much radio play nationally and internationally.
Tours include: "Ten Tonne Rage Tour" of UK/Europe in July 2008, "Dozer Rage Tour" of UK/Europe in May 2009, "Stolen Dozer Tour" in Sept 2009, "March Of The Dozer Tour" of UK/Europe in June 2010, and "Mad As A Snake In A Hat Tour" of UK 2011. The last tour was the Inside the Black Moon Tour taking place throughout UK/Europe in June 2012, which featured a gig slot at Wootrock VI in Heemskerk, NL. Joining them on the tour was Aberdeen metal act SEMPERFI.
In 2012 Ten Tonne Dozer came equal first, winning 'Best International Act' for the Fudge Awards in Aberdeen and have been nominated for 'Best Metal Act' for the Scottish Alternative Music Awards.
In 2012 Ten Tonne Dozer won the 'Best Metal' award for the Scottish Alternative Music Awards.
2013 sees the band releasing their latest offering 'Uit de Buik - Duivel te Koop' which was recorded in Belgium during their 2012 UK/European tour. However not all is good on the Dozer front, as rhythm guitarist Big Mick is unable to play due to medical problems with his hand. The band has had to use stand in guitarists to temporarily take the place of Mick until he is able to play again - Jamie Hatch and on other occasion, Jamie Dalziel.

</doc>
<doc id="19499896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499896" title="Sebastián Nayar">
Sebastián Nayar

Sebastián Ricardo Nayar (born 10 May 1988) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays for CD San Roque de Lepe, as a midfielder.
Career.
Born in Buenos Aires, Nayar began his career with local team Boca Juniors, making one appearance in the 2008 Clausura. Nayar then moved to Spanish team Recreativo Huelva at the end of the season, despite still being contracted to Boca. During his debut season with Recreativo, Nayar made 14 appearances in the league. Nayar later signed for Colombian team Deportivo Cali, moving onto Mexican team Atlante, before returning to Argentina in January 2011 with Aldosivi. In September 2012, he joined Orihuela CF. In January 2013, he left Orihuela and joined CD San Roque de Lepe.

</doc>
<doc id="19499920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499920" title="Trinidad and Tobago at the 1988 Summer Paralympics">
Trinidad and Tobago at the 1988 Summer Paralympics

Trinidad and Tobago competed at the 1988 Summer Paralympics in Seoul, South Korea. The delegation consisted of four competitors: one track and field athlete, one table tennis player, and two weightlifters.
Trinidad and Tobago has not returned to the Paralympic Games since that date.

</doc>
<doc id="19499956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499956" title="Mourad Benmehidi">
Mourad Benmehidi

Mourad Benmehidi (born 1 February 1953 in Annaba, Algeria) is the Permanent Representative to the United Nations for Algeria. He took office in August 2008. Benmehidi is married with three children.
Education.
Benmehidi received a law degree at the University of Algiers. He speaks four languages which include Arabic, English, French and German.
Career.
Benmehidi was Algeria’s Deputy Permanent Representative to the United Nations in New York, prior to taking the lead post. He has held several other diplomatic posts which include Minister Counselor at Algeria’s Mission to the United Nations; Foreign Ministry of Algeria: acting Deputy Director for Eastern Asia, Deputy Director responsible for Northern Europe, and Head of Human Rights at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs; postings at Algerian Embassies in Bonn, Germany and in Harare, Zimbabwe. He began his diplomatic career at the Foreign Ministry in 1982, in charge of the Office of South-South Cooperation and Regional and Inter-regional Conferences.

</doc>
<doc id="19499957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499957" title="Ghajini">
Ghajini

Ghajini can refer either of two Indian films:

</doc>
<doc id="19499967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499967" title="Silali">
Silali

Silali may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19499991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19499991" title="Lampsilis fasciola">
Lampsilis fasciola

Lampsilis fasciola, common name the Wavy-rayed Lampmussel, is a species of freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae, the river mussels.
Distribution and conservation status.
This river mussel is native to the drainage of the Ohio River and some drainages of the Great Lakes. 
The Canadian Species at Risk Act listed it in the List of Wildlife Species at Risk as being endangered in Canada.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="19500015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500015" title="Arev Monthly">
Arev Monthly

Arev Monthly (أريف in Arabic, meaning sun in Armenian) was a monthly published in Cairo, Egypt by the Armenian daily Arev in Arabic covering Armenian subjects and concentrating on Arab-Armenian relations. 
It was established in 1997. The editor-in-chief is Mohammed Refaat el Immam. The monthly stopped publication in April 2009 after 12 years and 136 monthly issues. In April 2010, a very similar publication, "Arek" was launched with Mohammed Refaat el Imam as editor-in-chief.

</doc>
<doc id="19500039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500039" title="Marzia Piazza">
Marzia Piazza

Marzia Rita Gisela Piazza Suprani won the 1969 Miss Venezuela contest, representing Vargas, after María José Yéllici, of Aragua had resigned three months after her victory. Piazza was the official representative of Venezuela to the Miss World 1969 pageant held in London, United Kingdom, on November 27, 1969; when she won the title of 4th Runner Up.

</doc>
<doc id="19500056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500056" title="Cai Chuchuan">
Cai Chuchuan

Cai Chuchuan (Chinese:蔡楚川) (born December 15, 1983 in Wuhan) is a Chinese football player who currently plays as a midfielder.
Club career.
Wuhan Yaqi.
Cai Chuchuan started his football career with the Wuhan Yaqi youth team where in 2000 he was considered good enough to be part of the youth team that went to Bulgaria to study abroad for more than a year where during his time studying in Europe he progressed significantly with his soccer technique. By the end of the year he graduated to the Wuhan Yaqi senior team where he continued to play for them for several seasons before he was loaned out to second tier club Zhejiang Greentown at the beginning of the 2005 season.
Zhejiang Greentown.
After a successful loan period at Zhejiang Greentown which saw them just miss out on promotion to the Chinese Super League Cai Chuchuan was allowed to move permanently to Zhejiang Greentown at the beginning of the 2006 season. The 2006 season was to prove very successful for him as Zhejiang Greentown were promoted to the Chinese Super League after coming runners-up within the division. The following season Cai Chuchuan would be part of the squad that eventually ended the Chinese Super League 2007 season finishing eleventh. By the 2008 Chinese Super League season Cai would be an integral member of the team and would personally have his best season with the club when he would score six goals in twenty-two appearances. The next season saw him personally continue his good form by making a further twenty-eight appearances and five goals from midfield, however this wasn't enough for the club as they struggled throughout the whole season. In a bid to reverse the club's fortunes they brought in a new manager in Wu Jingui who brought in a whole host of new players in the 2010 Chinese Super League, particularly former Chinese international Li Yan who replaced him in midfield, nevertheless he still played his part aiding the team to their best league finish of fourth and a chance to play in the AFC Champions League.
Before the start of the 2011 league season his club believed they had enough cover in midfield and allowed Cai to leave the club. For the whole season Cai would be a free agent, however at the start 2012 Chinese Super League season he had the chance to join his old club Zhejiang Greentown who had now renamed themselves Hangzhou Greentown. Half-way through the league season his club decided that to gain more playing time he would loaned out to third tier club for the rest of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="19500079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500079" title="Peggy Kopp">
Peggy Kopp

Peggy Kopp Arenas is a pageant titleholder, was born in Caracas, Venezuela on April 3, 1951. She is the Miss Venezuela titleholder for 1968, and was the official representative of Venezuela to the Miss Universe 1968 pageant held in Miami Beach, Florida, USA, on July 13, 1968, when she won the title of 3rd Runner Up.

</doc>
<doc id="19500091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500091" title="Physella wrighti">
Physella wrighti

Physella wrighti, common name the hotwater physa, is a species of small air-breathing freshwater snail, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Physidae.
Distribution.
This species lives in British Columbia, Canada, found only in the Liard River Hot Springs Provincial Park The Canadian Species at Risk Act listed it in the List of Wildlife Species at Risk as being endangered in Canada.
Habitat.
"Physella wrighti" requires an aquatic environment with year-round water temperature between . They live on substrates both above and below the water level. They prefer habitats of Chara mats, but can also be found on mats of green alga, woody debris, and stream beds.

</doc>
<doc id="19500093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500093" title="The Wreck of the Nancy Lee">
The Wreck of the Nancy Lee

"The Wreck of the Nancy Lee" is a comic song from the 1930s, words and music by Arthur Le Clerc. Sheet music published in London in 1932 bills it as "He Played his Ukelele as the Ship Went Down: a comedy foxtrot".
The chorus is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="19500114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500114" title="Mariela Pérez">
Mariela Pérez

Mariela Pérez Branger is a pageant titleholder, was born in Caracas, Venezuela on February 14, 1946. She is the Miss Venezuela titleholder for 1967, and was the official representative of Venezuela to the Miss Universe 1967 pageant held in Miami Beach, Florida, USA, on July 15, 1967, when she won the title of 1st Runner Up.

</doc>
<doc id="19500134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500134" title="Frontier Alaska">
Frontier Alaska

Frontier Alaska is the name under which HoTH, Inc., markets the services of its multiple airline holdings: Frontier Flying Service, Hageland Aviation Services, and Era Aviation. It is now part of Era Alaska, which is featured in the television show Flying Wild Alaska.
History.
The name Frontier Alaska began to be used following the June 2008 merger of Frontier Flying Service with Hageland Aviation Services, with the name applied to the operations of both airlines.
On July 8, 2008 Seattle based Alaska Airlines announced Frontier Alaska as a new code share partner beginning in the fall of 2008.
On February 27, 2009 Frontier Alaska, acquired rival Era Aviation of Anchorage, Alaska.
Frontier Alaska will be d/b/a ERA Alaska once it operations are completely merged into Era Aviations FAA and DOT operating certificate.
HoTH Inc. Fleet.
At present the Frontier Alaska fleet includes the following aircraft at the various pre-merger airlines.
Arctic Circle Air.
[http://www.ktuu.com/Global/story.asp?S=11775555] Arctic Circle Air bought by Frontier Alaska and to be operated under Era Aviations certificate.

</doc>
<doc id="19500151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500151" title="Mi Pequeña Soledad (album)">
Mi Pequeña Soledad (album)

Mi Pequeña Soledad is the 12th album by Mexican singer and actress Verónica Castro, released in 1990. "Mi Pequeña Soledad" is the theme to Castro's 1990 telenovela of the same name. The album also includes the theme song for Castro's late night variety show "La Movida", which aired in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="19500155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500155" title="Magaly Castro">
Magaly Castro

Magaly Beatriz Castro Egui is a beauty pageant titleholder, was born in Calabozo, Guárico, Venezuela on April 19, 1948. She was the Miss Venezuela titleholder for 1966.
A student teacher, she won the title at the age of 18, and was nicknamed "the people's Miss" ("La Miss del pueblo") because of her humble background. 
She was the official representative of Venezuela to the Miss Universe 1966 pageant held in Miami Beach, Florida, USA, on July 16, 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="19500167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500167" title="Weak Hausdorff space">
Weak Hausdorff space

In mathematics, a weak Hausdorff space or weakly Hausdorff space is a topological space where the image of every continuous map from a compact Hausdorff space into the space is closed. In particular, every Hausdorff space is weak Hausdorff.
The notion was introduced by M. C. McCord to remedy an inconvenience of working with the category of Hausdorff spaces. It is often used in tandem with compactly generated spaces in algebraic topology.

</doc>
<doc id="19500178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500178" title="Cao Tianbao">
Cao Tianbao

Cao Tianbao (; born 3 April 1982 in Shenyang) is a Chinese football striker who currently plays for Changchun Yatai in the Chinese Super League, Primarily plays in the position of second striker.
Club career.
Cao Tianbao started his professional football career with Changchun Yatai in 2001 after he graduated from their youth team. He gradually established himself within the Changchun squad as they fought for promotion to the top tier, eventually achieving this in the 2005 league season when they came second in the league. Playing in the top tier, Cao found it difficult to start many games since the club brought in Elvis Scott and then Guillaume Dah Zadi as their main strikers within the club, nevertheless Cao found his role within the team as a prolific goalscorer coming off the bench and go on to win the league title in the 2007 season with the club. It was only with the introduction of Li Shubin as the team's new manager did Cao Tianbao actually establish himself as the clubs first-choice second striker within the team and help guide the club to a runners-up position at the end of the 2009 Chinese Super League season. When the club brought in Shen Xiangfu as their next manager, Cao found himself dropped from the starting line-up once more; however, this time when used as a substitute he wasn't able to find his goal scoring touch and was allowed to leave for second-tier club Shenzhen Phoenix at the beginning of the 2011 league season. At the club, he was reunited with Li Shubin and was given the number 14 shirt once again.
International career.
Cao was called up for the first time to the Chinese national team by his former coach Gao Hongbo who gave Cao his international debut in a friendly against Iran in a 1-0 win on 1 June 2009.
Honours.
Club.
Changchun Yatai

</doc>
<doc id="19500193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500193" title="Sarda (sheep)">
Sarda (sheep)

The Sarda is a breed of domestic sheep indigenous to the island of Sardinia. It is raised throughout Italy, and in other Mediterranean countries, particularly Tunisia. The Sarda is considered to be among the best Italian breeds for production of sheep's milk; most of the milk is used to make pecorino sardo cheese. The Sarda is highly adaptable; it may be kept on lowland or on mountainous terrains, and is suitable both for intensive and for extensive or transhumant management. The long, coarse white wool is used for weaving carpets and other goods.
In the late 19th and early 20th centuries a number of attempts were made to improve the breed by cross-breeding with Merino, Rambouillet, Barbaresca, Gentile di Puglia, Sopravissana and Vissana breeds among others. These experiments invariably had a negative impact on milk production. Recent selection has been aimed at improving the conformation of the udder and at making it more suitable for mechanised milking.
The Sarda is one of the seventeen autochthonous Italian sheep breeds for which a genealogical herdbook is kept by the Associazione Nazionale della Pastorizia, the Italian national association of sheep-breeders. The herdbook was established in 1928. Total numbers for the breed are estimated at 5,000,000; in 2013 the number recorded in the herdbook was 225,207. 

</doc>
<doc id="19500206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500206" title="Courneya">
Courneya

Courneya is an uncommon last name. It is a variant of the French Cornoyer, which is possibly an altered spelling of Corneyre, a ‘learned’ form of Cornier, which was a name for someone who lived on the corner of a street. Secondly, it may be a French form of the German Koerner.
In 1891, there were 3 families in England and Wales with this surname, 67% of these living in Yorkshire area, and almost 1/3 in the London region.
The name was first seen in the USA in similar numbers in 1920, with 19 families. Michigan (32%) and Rhode Island (26%) had the majority of these families. The rest were in Texas, Wisconsin, Minnesota, Montana, and New Jersey.
Some well-known Courneyas include:

</doc>
<doc id="19500221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500221" title="List of West Virginia Civil War Confederate units">
List of West Virginia Civil War Confederate units

The following is a list of West Virginia Confederate Units which were composed mostly or notably by citizens of the 50 counties of western Virginia which eventually became West Virginia. These units, with the exception of the Kentucky units, are designated "Virginia", as were the Union regiments from western Virginia. After the admittance of West Virginia as a state in 1863, those Union units from western Virginia changed their designation to "West Virginia", while the Confederate units remained "Virginia". Following the names of the units are the names of the counties, in parentheses, which contributed to those units, and does not include neighboring counties of Kentucky or Virginia.
Guerrilla Units.
These units were often called "Moccasin Rangers" in the North, but were designated "Partisan Rangers" or "Confederate States Rangers". They operated as such from 1861–62, and were later recruited into the Virginia State Line in the latter half of 1862, and then into the regular Confederate Army in March 1863. The counties from which they were mainly originated are in parentheses at the end of each name.
Generals-Confederate & Virginia Militia.
The following Generals were either born in, raised in, or living in
western Virginia at the time of the war.

</doc>
<doc id="19500232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500232" title="Wilmington School District 209-U">
Wilmington School District 209-U

Wilmington School District 209-U is a school district located in Wilmington, Illinois, U.S.A., in Will County. Jay Plese is the district's superintendent.
The district operates the following schools:

</doc>
<doc id="19500255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500255" title="Housaper">
Housaper

Housaper (, ) is an Armenian language daily published in Cairo, Egypt.
It was established in 1915 and until 1926, was published three times a week, before becoming a daily published on weekdays. In 1923, it became an official organ of the Armenian Revolutionary Federation (Dashnaktsutyun) in Egypt. Some of the editors in chief of the paper were S. Bartevian, S Yesayan, V. Navasartian, K. Lazian, G. Goganyan, S Bayramian and Z. Lylozian. Besides its coverage of the Armenian political, economic, social and cultural scenes in Egypt, Armenia and the Armenian diaspora, a number of renowned writers have published literary works in the paper including Arpiar Arpiarian, Vahan Tekeyan, Yervant Odian and others.

</doc>
<doc id="19500256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500256" title="Scott Bannerman">
Scott Bannerman

Scott Bannerman (born 21 March 1979 in Edinburgh) is a Scottish footballer currently playing for junior side Bathgate Thistle, who won the Scottish Junior Cup for the first time in season 2008-09.
Bannerman's best season in senior football was when he was top goal scorer for Greenock Morton in season 2001-2002, in Peter Cormack's hastily put together squad that was relegated in their first season in the Scottish Football League Second Division after being relegated the previous season after suffering financial difficulty under previous chairman Hugh Scott.

</doc>
<doc id="19500287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500287" title="Woodward Avenue (Hamilton, Ontario)">
Woodward Avenue (Hamilton, Ontario)

Woodward Avenue is an arterial road in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. It starts in the north-end as "Eastport Drive" and the road changes its name south of Burlington Street beside the "Museum of Steam & Technology" to Woodward Avenue and extends southward and ends at "Melvin Avenue". It is a two-way street throughout.
Landmarks.
"Note: Listing of Landmarks from North to South."
9 recently fired )
Communities.
"Note: Listing of neighbourhoods from North to South" 
Roads that cross Woodward Avenue.
"Note: Listing of streets from North to South."
Roads that are parallel with Woodward Avenue.
"Note: Listing of streets from West to East."
External links.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19500290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500290" title="1941 college football season">
1941 college football season

The 1941 NCAA football regular season ended with the Golden Gophers of the University of Minnesota repeating as the AP Poll national champion. This was Minnesota's fifth national championship in eight years. The Big Ten Conference did not allow their teams to participate in the post-season bowl games, therefore the undefeated, untied Duke Blue Devils, faced the #12-ranked Oregon State Beavers in the Rose Bowl. The Rose Bowl game had been temporarily moved from Pasadena, California to Durham, North Carolina following the attack on Pearl Harbor. Oregon State beat Duke, 20-16, but postseason games were played after the AP Poll rankings. Each writer listed his choice for the top ten teams, and points were tallied based on 10 for first place, 9 for second, etc. The AP then ranked the twenty teams with the highest number of points. Mississippi State, who won the SEC championship, was unable to participate in the post-season due to the wartime airport and train station closings. Therefore, the Georgia Bulldogs and the Alabama Crimson Tide were selected to play in the Orange Bowl and Cotton Bowl, respectively. Georgia defeated TCU 40-26 and Alabama defeated the Texas A&M Aggies 29-21.
In addition to Minnesota's regular season AP national championship, the Golden Gophers were also selected national champions by Billingsley, Boand, DeVold, Dunkel, Football Research, Helms, Litkenhous, the National Championship Foundation, Poling, Sagarin and Sagarin (ELO-Chess). The Alabama Crimson Tide were selected national champions by the Houlgate Poll. The Texas Longhorns were selected national champions by the Berryman and Wilson polling systems. The University of Texas doesn't claim this season as a national championship though. All selectors of national title teams are documented in the official 2010 NCAA FBS College Football Record Book. These selectors were nationally-syndicated in newspapers and magazines during the 1941-1942 football season.,
September.
September 20 Tennessee beat Furman 32-6 and Boston College beat St. Anselm, 78-0.
September 27
In Seattle, defending champion Minnesota beat Washington 14-6, while in New Orleans, Boston College fell to Tulane, 21-7. Stanford beat Oregon 19-15, Michigan beat Michigan State 19-7, Texas won at Colorado, 34-6 and Duke beat Wake Forest 43-14. Tennessee was idle
October.
October 4 Minnesota was idle. Tennessee lost at Duke, 19-0. In New York, Fordham beat SMU 16-10. Elsewhere, it was Stanford over UCLA 33-0, Michigan over Iowa 6-0, Northwestern beating Kansas State 51-3 and Texas defeating LSU 34-0.
October 11 Minnesota beat Illinois 34-6, Northwestern beat Wisconsin 41-14, and Michigan beat Pittsburgh 40-0. In Baltimore, Duke beat Maryland 50-0, while in Dallas, Texas beat Oklahoma 40-7. Fordham won at North Carolina 27-14. Stanford lost at Oregon State 10-0.
In the poll that followed, Minnesota was ranked #1, followed by Texas, Duke, Fordham, Northwestern and Michigan.
October 16 the penalty flag is used for the first time in the 1941 Oklahoma City vs. Youngstown State football game in Youngstown, Ohio.
October 18 #1 Minnesota beat Pittsburgh 39-0. #2 Texas defeated Arkansas 48-14. #3 Duke beat visiting Colgate 27-14, and #4 Fordham beat West Virginia 27-0.
In Ann Arbor, #6 Michigan beat visiting #5 Northwestern 14-7. #7 Navy beat Cornell 14-0 in Baltimore. In the next poll, Michigan and Navy moved up while Fordham and Northwestern dropped out of the top five.
October 25 The biggest game of the year took place in Ann Arbor, Michigan, as #1 Minnesota defeated
November.
November 1 In Dallas, #1 Texas beat SMU 34-0, while in Minneapolis, the other #1, Minnesota, edged #9 Northwestern 8-7. In New York, #3 Fordham defeated Purdue 17-0, and in Atlanta, #4 Duke won at Georgia Tech 14-0. In Little Rock, #5 Texas A&M beat Arkansas 7-0. Texas was the new #1 the following week, followed by Minnesota, Fordham, Duke and Texas A&M, all unbeaten and untied.
November 8 #1 Texas and Baylor played to a 7-7 tie. #2 Minnesota beat Nebraska 9-0. #3 Fordham lost at Pittsburgh 13-0. #4 Duke won at Davidson 56-0. #5 Texas A&M beat SMU 21-10. #7 Notre Dame beat Navy 20-13 in Baltimore and moved into the Top Five as Fordham dropped out.
November 15 #1 Minnesota won at Iowa 34-13. #2 Texas lost to Texas Christian (TCU) 14-7. #3 Duke beat North Carolina 20-0.
In Houston, #4 Texas A&M beat Rice 19-6. #5 Notre Dame won at #8 Northwestern 7-6. #7 Michigan, which beat Columbia, 28-0, moved up as Texas dropped out.
November 22 #1 Minnesota closed its season with a 41-6 win over Wisconsin in Minneapolis. #2 Texas A&M was idle as it prepared for its Thanksgiving game. #3 Duke won its season closer at N.C. State 55-6 to get a bid to Pasadena’s Rose Bowl. Fifteen days later, the bombing of Pearl Harbor called into question whether Southern California would be safe from a Japanese attack on New Year's Day. On December 15, bowl officials and U.S. Army officers met in San Francisco and decided to hold the game at Duke's stadium in Durham, North Carolina. 
Conference standings.
The following is a potentially incomplete list of conference standings:

</doc>
<doc id="19500316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500316" title="María de las Casas">
María de las Casas

María Auxiliadora de Las Casas McGill (November 19, 1942 – October 24, 2013) was a Venezuelan beauty pageant titleholder. She was the Miss Venezuela titleholder for 1965, and was the official representative of Venezuela to the Miss Universe 1965 pageant held in Miami Beach, Florida, USA, on July 24, 1965. She was born in Caracas, Venezuela.

</doc>
<doc id="19500317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500317" title="Blandford Street (MBTA station)">
Blandford Street (MBTA station)

Blandford Street is a surface-level station on the MBTA Green Line "B" Branch located in Boston, Massachusetts. The station is located in the center median of Commonwealth Avenue at Silber Way and Blandford Mall, about 2 blocks west of Kenmore Square, near the east end of Boston University. The station consists of two low side platforms which serve the "B" Branch's two tracks. The station is the first station outbound on the "B" Branch after it splits off the "C" and "D" Branches.
Operations.
Blandford Street is the second-busiest surface stop on the "B" Branch (behind only Harvard Avenue) and the ninth-busiest surface stop overall, with an average of 2,840 boardings per weekday. Although a number of the Green Line surface stops have been upgraded with slightly raised platforms to allow level boarding on Type 8 low-floor trams, Blandford Street is not among them. Of the 13 surface stops with more than 2,000 daily boardings, Blandford Street is the only one with non-accessible platforms. 
A pocket track just west of the station is used to temporarily store disabled and out of service cars. It is frequently used as a layover point for trains during the middle of the day, between the two rush hour periods. It is also used by certain trains, like extra trains after Red Sox games,to turn around to return to the Central Subway rather than continuing out on the surface line. An experimental four-car train operated in April 2011 used the track as a staging point.
History.
The Commonwealth Avenue line was originally served by surface streetcars beginning in 1896 as part of what would later become the Green Line "A" Branch. On October 3, 1914, the Boylston Street Subway was opened to the Kenmore Portal just east of Kenmore Square, allowing streetcars to enter and run underground into the Tremont Street Subway. In October 1932, Kenmore station was built, and the modern Blandford Street Portal was built just east of Blandford Street. 
Streetcars have stopped at Blandford Street continuously since then. However, like the rest of the Green Line surface stops, Blandford Street was considered a mere stopping point and not equivalent to a subway station. The 3-car-length asphalt platforms were built in the 80s, around the time Blandford Street first appeared as a distinct stop on MBTA subway maps.
The name "Blandford Street" for the station is an anachronism, as Blandford Street no longer exists as such. The street, along with Cummington and Hinsdale streets, were bought by Boston University in June 2012. On July 30, 2012, BU closed these roadways to most automobile traffic and renamed Blandford Street as Blandford Mall. However, the station is still named Blandford Street.

</doc>
<doc id="19500346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500346" title="Waldemar Holberg">
Waldemar Holberg

Waldemar Birger Holberg (May 29, 1883 – Waldemar Birger Morten Holberg døde den 16. marts 1947 i "De gamles By" København.
Han er begravet den 22. marts 1947 på Bispebjerg Kirkegård, 
Afd. 16 Række 21 Nr. ca.70-72.He was a Danish boxer who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Copenhagen, and died the same place.
In 1908 he was eliminated in the first round of the lightweight class after losing his fight to Matt Wells.
After the Summer Olympics Holberg turned professional making his debut in Denmark in 1908. He had a number of wins in Denmark and Germany but moved to England in 1912. After losing two bouts on disqualification Holberg moved to Australia in 1913 fighting for the Australian lightweight title. He had limited success in Australia, losing 6 out of 9 matches but was in 1914 he met Ray Bronson in Melbourne in a bout that recognised by the Australian boxing authorities as being a match for the World Welterweight title. Holberg won on points after 20 rounds, but lost the title only 23 days later to Irishman Tom McCormick. 
After having lost the world title he returned to Denmark only to lose two matches to Danish veteran Dick Nelson, one being for the Scandinavian Welterweight title. Holberg had his last professional fight 29 August 1921 when he was stopped in Vienna by Austrian Hans Hirschberger.

</doc>
<doc id="19500358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500358" title="Hammer of the Gods (album)">
Hammer of the Gods (album)

Hammer of the Gods is the first studio album by the American indie rock band Bottomless Pit, released in 2007 through Comedy Minus One Records. The album was recorded at Studio Greg Studios II and Electrical Audio with Greg Norman. The album was mixed at Electrical Audio. It was mastered at Abbey Road

</doc>
<doc id="19500359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500359" title="Mercedes Revenga">
Mercedes Revenga

Mercedes Revenga de la Rosa is a pageant titleholder, was born in Caracas, Venezuela on 1946. She is the Miss Venezuela titleholder for 1964, and was the official representative of Venezuela to the Miss Universe 1964 pageant held in Miami Beach, Florida, USA, on August 1, 1964, when she classified in the Top 15 semifinalists.

</doc>
<doc id="19500360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500360" title="Stars on Stevie">
Stars on Stevie

"Stars on Stevie" a.k.a. "Stars Medley" a.k.a. "Stars on 45 III: In Tribute to Stevie Wonder" was a song issued in 1982 by the Dutch studio group Stars on 45, in the UK credited to 'Starsound', in the US 'Stars On'. It was the first single from the band's third full-length release "The Superstars" (UK title: "Stars Medley", US title: "Stars on Longplay III") and was Stars on 45's fourth single release in both Europe and North America. 
The "Stars on Stevie" medley featured a selection of songs made famous by Stevie Wonder, ranging from his first US hit "Fingertips" released in 1963 via classics like "Isn't She Lovely", "You Are the Sunshine of My Life", "Sir Duke" and "Yester-Me, Yester-You, Yesterday" to his then most recent American charttopper "Master Blaster (Jammin)". The soundalike vocals were provided by established Dutch singer Tony Sherman (born Renold Shearman in Curaçao), who had started his career in music as early as in 1970 with Dutch-Caribbean funk band Reality and releasing a series of albums with them before going solo in the late 70s.
"Stars on Stevie" became the highest charting Stars on 45 single in the US since their first charttopping Beatles medley, peaking at #28 on "Billboard"'s Hot 100. In the UK it became the group's fourth consecutive Top 20 hit, peaking at #14 in February 1982, slightly higher in Ireland at #10 and it was indeed a #20 hit in most parts of Europe. In the Netherlands "Stars on Stevie" reached #6, making it their fourth Top 10 hit within the space of twelve months.
The "Stars on Stevie" medley was re-issued in 1991 under the title "Stars on Stevie Megamix" on the German Arcade label to promote "The Very Best of Stars on 45" and has since appeared on a number of other "greatest hits" compilations with the group; the only difference between these two versions however is the sound of a live audience that has been overdubbed throughout the "Megamix", in all other respects they are in fact identical.
Track listing 7" single.
Side A.
"Stars on Stevie" (7" Mix) - 5:19
"All tracks written by Stevie Wonder unless otherwise noted"
Side B.
"It's Not A Wonder, It's A Miracle" (7" Mix) (Eggermont, Duiser) - 3:09
Track listing 12" single.
Side A.
"Stars on Stevie" (12" Mix = album version) - 7:42 
"All tracks written by Stevie Wonder unless otherwise noted"
Side B.
"It's Not A Wonder, It's A Miracle" (12" Mix) (Eggermont, Duiser) - 7:11

</doc>
<doc id="19500365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500365" title="Palestine Olympic Committee">
Palestine Olympic Committee

The Palestine Olympic Committee is the National Olympic Committee of Palestine. Palestine has been recognized as a member of the Olympic Council of Asia (OCA) since 1986, and the International Olympic Committee (IOC) since 1995.
History.
According to Nahil Mabrouk, president of the Palestinian Track and Field Federation, the Palestine Olympic Committee was first founded in 1931, and remained an Olympic member until the 1967 war when the West Bank and Gaza Strip were occupied by Israel.
The Palestine Olympic Committee was accepted into the Olympic Council of Asia as a provisional member in 1986. The decision was protested by Israel, who was refused membership to the same committee in 1982. The decision allowed for the Palestine Olympic Committee to participate in the Asian Games. Yasser Arafat, the leader of the Palestine Liberation Organization, was also the head of the Palestine Olympic Committee in these early days.
Palestine was first represented at the International Olympic Games at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
Akram Zaher, the Manager of International Relations for the Palestine Olympic Committee, also served as a Board Member and the Environment & Sports Committee Chairman of the West Asian Games Federation. He was killed in an explosion in a Palestinian refugee camp in Lebanon on March 24, 2009.
Jibril Rajoub served as president of the Palestine Olympic Committee and as president of the Palestine Football Association before being elected to the Fatah Central Committee in August 2009. Rajoub had also served as a security official under Yasser Arafat and spent time in Israeli prison for attacking Israeli military vehicles.
In a letter to the IOC on July 27, 2012, Rajoub praised their decision to not honor the 11 murdered Israeli athletes at the 1972 Munich Games. 
Samar Araj Mousa is a member of the Palestine Olympic Committee and also serves as the Athletics Director at Bethlehem University, the manager of the Palestinian Women's National Soccer Team, and the general secretary of the Palestinian Tennis Association.

</doc>
<doc id="19500367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500367" title="Edmund Nelson (clergyman)">
Edmund Nelson (clergyman)

Reverend Edmund Nelson (19 March 1722 – 26 April 1802) was an Anglican clergyman during the eighteenth century, most famous as the father of Horatio Nelson.
Early life and family.
Edmund was born in Cambridge on 19 March 1722, one of eight children of the Reverend Edmund Nelson and Mary Bland. The Nelsons were an old Norfolk family and were moderately prosperous. Edmund was baptised on 29 March 1723 at the parish church at East Bradenham. Three of his siblings died in infancy, whilst Edmund himself had 'a weak and sickly constitution'. He was educated at a number of Norfolk schools before attending Caius College, Cambridge. He attained a bachelor's degree, followed by a Master's, after which he left to become curate at his father's church in Sporle. He then worked under Reverend Thomas Page at Beccles, and on his father's death in 1747, Edmund succeeded to the livings of Hilborough and Beccles. During his time at Beccles Edmund met Catherine Suckling, and married her on 11 May 1749 at Bath, Somerset. Catherine was the daughter of Reverend Maurice Suckling, and her grandmother had been the sister of Sir Robert Walpole. The family therefore became distant relations of the powerful Earls of Orford, and Catherine's immediate family, including her brother, Maurice Suckling, provided important influence that would help the Nelsons' children in their early years.
The couple moved to Swaffham after their marriage where Catherine bore Edmund three children. Two died in infancy; a third, Maurice, survived. They then moved to Sporle, where on 12 June 1755 Catherine gave birth to the couple's first daughter, Susanna. Also in 1755 Horace Walpole offered Edmund the position of rector at Burnham Thorpe. Edmund accepted and the two settled at the rectory. William was born on 20 April 1757, and on 29 September 1758, Catherine gave birth to Horatio, naming him after their benefactor and the young Horatio's godparent, Horace Walpole. Horatio was a sickly child, and Edmund feared he would not live long enough to be baptised at the public ceremony arranged for 15 November. Horatio was baptised at a private ceremony on 9 October.
The last of the Nelson children followed, Ann on 20 September 1760, Edmund on 4 June 1762, Suckling on 5 January 1764, and Catherine on 19 March 1767. Another boy, George, was born in 1765 but died three months later. Edmund's wife, Catherine, died on 26 December 1767, leaving him with eight children. A grief-stricken Edmund buried her four days later in the church at Burnham Thorpe. He never remarried. Catherine's mother, Ann, died shortly afterwards. Maurice Suckling, Edmund's brother-in-law, visited the rectory to attend the funerals, and found Edmund heart-broken, and fearing for the future for his children. He had begun to call in favours with relatives to ensure that educations and positions could be found for them, and Suckling promised to do what he could for one of the boys, using the patronage available to him as a naval captain. Edmund himself wrote As it has fallen to my lott to take upon me the care and affectation of double parent, they children will hereafter excuse where I have fallen short and the task has been too hard. The concern that he might fail to do the best for his children remained with him all his life. He duly decided to send William and Horatio, or Horace as the boy preferred to be known at this stage in his life, to Norwich School.
Edmund eventually found suitable positions and schooling for all of his children, and when Nelson asked his father to write to Maurice Suckling and request a place for him on his ship, Edmund did so. Despite Maurice's apparent misgivings, he agreed to take Nelson into the service.
Later life.
As his children left the home and went off to their new lives, Edmund remained at Burnham Thorpe. He lived a modest quiet life, but continued to follow the lives and careers of his children with interest. He had a modest income provided by his work as a parson, as well as several small investments and the legacy of his daughter Ann, who had died in 1784. In 1787, Horatio returned to England after serving in the West Indies, bringing with him his new wife, Frances Nisbet, informally known as 'Fanny'. Edmund had by this time come to prefer his seclusion, and did not look forward to the arrival of his extended family. Edmund's health was never particularly strong, and he suffered from 'paralytic and asthmatic' conditions. He took occasional trips to Bath to sample the springs. He wrote I am not now anxious to see them. Him for a day or two I should be glad of, but to introduce a stranger to an infirm and whimsical old man, who can neither eat nor drink, nor talk, nor see, is as well let alone. Consequently it was not until late 1788 that Horatio and his new wife arrived at the rectory at Burnham Thorpe. Horatio had spent a considerable amount of time attempting to obtain command of another ship, but finally recognised this was unlikely to occur in the near future, and bowed to Fanny's wishes to settle and start a household. Despite Edmund's initial reluctance to meet them, he found Fanny to be an enduring friend, and Horatio to be a dutiful and caring son. Edmund moved out of the rectory in 1790 to let the couple start to establish their own household. He settled in a cottage at Burnham Ulph, but made frequent visits to the couple.
Edmund continued to make trips to Bath during the cold Norfolk winters, and Fanny often accompanied him while her husband was at sea. Edmund's declining health made him more and more dependant on Fanny, whilst he sought to act as her guardian while Horatio was away. The two enjoyed the pace of life at Bath, and became firm friends, with Fanny reading to him and providing companionship. Edmund wrote that truly supplies a kind and watchful child over the infirmities and whimsies of age. Edmund soon retired, passing on the parsonage to his son, the Reverend Suckling Nelson. As Horatio's fame grew Edmund followed his son's exploits, and soon came to be accosted by well-wishers on his walks around Bath. Fanny wrote He is grown young. These blessings in his declining days cheer him. In 1800, with Horatio's fame continually increasing, Edmund sent Fanny to London to visit the studios of Sir William Beechey, and to ask if Beechey might come to take a sitting. Beechey replied that he would not, as he only travelled to the sitter in the case of royalty. But then he enquired who the sitter was, and on being told it was the father of Lord Nelson, declared 'My God! I would go to York to do it!' Edmund however remained dismayed by the breakdown of his son's marriage and wrote to Horatio on occasion to rebuke him for his neglect of Fanny. He did however visit Horatio at Merton Place, where he was living with William and Emma Hamilton.
Death.
Edmund was in declining health by early 1802. Fanny had travelled from London to be at his side, but Horatio remained at Merton Place, writing a letter stating I have no hopes that he can recover. God's will be done. Had my father expressed a wish to see me, unwell as I am, I should have flown to Bath, but I believe it would be too late. However, should it be otherwise and he wishes to see me, no consideration shall detain me a moment. The Reverend Edmund Nelson died later that day, 26 April 1802, at the age of 80. His son did not attend the funeral, held at Burnham Thorpe on 11 May, but did pay the funeral expenses. Edmund Nelson was described by a later biographer of Lord Nelson as 'kind, modest and generous...to be counted on in times of trouble.' He also possessed a dry sense of humour.

</doc>
<doc id="19500375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500375" title="New South Wales 79 class locomotive">
New South Wales 79 class locomotive

Importation.
In 1943, during World War II, four diesel-electric industrial shunting type locomotives were imported from the General Electric Company, Erie, United States of America by the Department of Supply under Lend-Lease conditions for use at the Dunheved munitions factory in Sydney. It seems that only one unit was used at this facility. Being of the hood type, with a central cab, they could work in either direction without turning.
Operations.
In 1945, the BHP became interested in the possible dieselisation at its Australian Iron & Steel works in Port Kembla and one unit was loaned to the company in April. Whilst it proved too light for the tasks of hauling ingots and ladles, it did lead to the commencement of dieselisation five years later.
At the end of that war, they were put into use by the New South Wales Government Railways as shunters at Sydney Central station and Eveleigh Carriage Workshops. They were numbered 7920 to 7923, these being the numbers allocated by US authorities. In April 1948, the Commonwealth Government took 7921 and 7922 for use at Woomera Rocket Range and 7920 and 7923 were purchased by the NSWGR in September that year.
In 1950, the two owned by the Commonwealth Government were transferred to Commonwealth Railways as the DE Class and used as shunters at Port Augusta and Port Pirie. In July 1975 both were included in the transfer of the Commonwealth Railways to Australian National.
Disposal & preservation.
In October 1974 the two NSWGR units were sold to the British Phosphate Commission for use on Christmas Island. In 1979 both were rebuilt by FR Tulk, Perth with Caterpillar D3306 engines and lower profile noses. This railway closed in 1987.
Following their retirement in the early 1980s, 7921 returned to New South Wales and is preserved at the New South Wales Rail Transport Museum, Thirlmere, while 7922 is with the National Railway Museum at Port Adelaide.

</doc>
<doc id="19500378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500378" title="Hemming Hansen">
Hemming Hansen

Hemming Emil Hansen (May 2, 1884 – September 2, 1964) was a Danish boxer who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Kværkeby, Zealand and died in Frederiksberg.
In 1908 he was eliminated in the first round of the lightweight class after losing his fight to the upcoming bronze medalist Harry Johnson.

</doc>
<doc id="19500383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500383" title="Tchahagir">
Tchahagir

Tchahagir (Ջահակիր in Armenian) is an Armenian-language weekly published in Cairo, Egypt, by the Social Democrat Hunchakian Party.
Published since 5 May 1948, as bi-weekly, four years later it became monthly, then periodical. Second period of publication started on 7 November 1963 (3000 copies each issue). Includes 6, then 4 pages. Tchahakir was published by Aida Serovbian and Sargis Balayan, and its literary section was edited by Armen Dadour. Currently the editor is Avetis Movsesian. 
It also issued the "Dzidzernag" musical supplement in Armenian.

</doc>
<doc id="19500395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500395" title="Laughing Cows Comedy">
Laughing Cows Comedy

Laughing Cows Comedy Night was set up in 1998 after a London comedy promoter inadvertently threw down the proverbial gauntlet.
"We were discussing female comics and I asked why there's never more than one female comedian on the bill and he said, oh we wouldn't take that risk," she explains. O'Keefe proved to have more balls than he did and her 'risk' ran, full to capacity in London, for two and half years.
Hazel O'Keefe and various comedy partners run the nights, and the idea is built on O'Keefe's original experience running an all-woman night in London.
November 2004 saw the spectacular opening of Manchester's first, all-female line up of comedy. The opening night attracted over 200 people to enjoy the 'Laughing Cows Comedy show'. This popularity has continued over the three years the show has been running, which led to a change of venue after 18 months to Manchester’s acclaimed Frog and Bucket comedy venue, to accommodate the excess of punters at each of the monthly shows.
"The comedy scene is so doused in testosterone that it's almost capable of growing a goatee beard and sideburns. Female comedians have been fighting to exhibit their talents and prove their quality over the years", and we’re here to help redress the balance. " * 1
Laughing Cows Comedy has been showcasing and helping to develop women in comedy for many years, now shows run in Manchester, London, Birmingham, Leicester and at Edinburgh Fringe!
Laughing Calves Comedy Club also runs monthly and features up-and-coming talent

</doc>
<doc id="19500424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500424" title="Confederation Square">
Confederation Square

Confederation Square () is an urban square in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, and is considered the second most important ceremonial centre in Canada's capital city, after Parliament Hill. Roughly triangular in area, with Canada's National War Memorial at its centre and the Valiants Memorial at its periphery, the square is bounded by Wellington Street to the north and branches of Elgin Street to the east and west.
The square was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1984. Confederation Square's importance is due not only to its central location in Ottawa and its status as a rare Canadian example of a City Beautiful-inspired square, but also arises from the landmark buildings that frame the square: the Château Laurier, the Government Conference Centre, the National Arts Centre, the Central Chambers, the Scottish-Ontario Chambers, the Central Post Office, the Langevin Block and the East Block. Part of the square crosses over the Rideau Canal, itself a National Historic Site of Canada and a World Heritage Site.
History.
A triangular plaza once located approximately at the site of today's Confederation Square was (originally) named after Governor General Connaught. Before 1910, today's Plaza Bridge over the Rideau Canal had been two separate bridges which were replaced at the time by a single bridge under which rail traffic would pass from the new Union Station past the (also new) Chateau Laurier. This work was finished by December 1912 and the location was named "Connaught Place" on March 24, 1913.
Two prime ministers had promoted the beautification of the capital city, Wilfrid Laurier from 1896-1911 and William Lyon Mackenzie King whose first term began in 1921. By 1927, a commission for improvements named the Federal District Commission was formed out of an earlier effort called the Ottawa Improvement Commission. King invited French architect Jacques Gréber to help with the design for a square which would include a war memorial.
The area at this time also had five notable structures, most which have been standing for decades. The old post office was located where the current war memorial stands, the Russell House hotel was on the southeast side of Sparks and Elgin, the Russell Theatre (adjoining the hotel) was on the corner of Queen and Elgin, the old City Hall was on the east side of Elgin between Queen and Albert, and Knox Presbyterian Church at Elgin and Albert, on the site of today's National Arts Centre.
King had plans involving widening Elgin Street even by 1927, with hopes of bringing emphasis to the Parliament Hill. The hotel was destroyed by fire on April 14, 1928. The Russell Theatre, which was also burnt on that date got expropriated for demolition in order to bring about these plans. The Federal District Commission later expropriated the hotel's site. The church was expropriated November 20, 1930. City Hall burned down March 31, 1931.
In 1937, Greber visited Ottawa but disagreed with King on the placement of the war memorial, for fear of traffic problems.
Ottawa's former Central Post Office had been constructed in 1876. The old post office was demolished in (May and) June 1938 in order to build the square.
Knox Presbyterian Church had also been demolished on June 1938. The Royal Bank of Canada building (once James Hope and Company) at the northwest corner of Elgin and Sparks had been removed (for the new Post Office). By October, the War Memorial had been erected and the Plaza Bridge had been widened. Work was underway for the 
building of the new Central Post Office. Elgin Street was widened in April 1939. and Confederation Square continued to be landscaped while post office was being completed. By this time, the square was renamed Confederation Square for the National War Memorial. It wouldn't be until June 1969 that the National Arts Centre would be opened. In May 1939, King George VI came to visit Ottawa and formally unveiled the new War Memorial.

</doc>
<doc id="19500479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500479" title="Thanasis Sentementes">
Thanasis Sentementes

Thanasis Sentementes () is a Greek footballer currently signed to Kerkyra F.C..

</doc>
<doc id="19500571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500571" title="Pleurobema sintoxia">
Pleurobema sintoxia

Pleurobema sintoxia, common name the Round Pigtoe, is a species of freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae, the river mussels.
Distribution and conservation status.
This species is native to eastern North America. It is found in the drainages of the Ohio River, the St. Lawrence River, and the Great Lakes.
The Canadian Species at Risk Act listed it in the List of Wildlife Species at Risk as being endangered in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="19500584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500584" title="Grade I listed buildings in Dorset">
Grade I listed buildings in Dorset

There are over 6000 Grade I listed buildings in England. This page is a list of these buildings in the county of Dorset, sub-divided by district.
The eight districts of Dorset are Weymouth and Portland, West Dorset, North Dorset, Purbeck, East Dorset, Christchurch, and the unitary authorities Bournemouth and Poole.
References.
English Heritage Images of England

</doc>
<doc id="19500598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500598" title="AMAS Awards">
AMAS Awards

AMAS (an acronym for Anuario de la Musica de Asturias) Awards is the official music award in Asturias, held every year since 2005. The name translates in English as "Yearbook of the Music of Asturias". Some important Spanish bands, like Avalanch (also Alberto Rionda as singer and composer), WarCry (also Víctor García as singer, Pablo García as guitarist, Rafael Yugueros as drummer), El Sueño de Morfeo have received awards as musical ensemble and in the sub-categories. Some other influential artists, such as Melendi, Feedbacks, among others
Categories.
These are the different categories of AMAS awards: 

</doc>
<doc id="19500599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500599" title="Llanwenog (sheep)">
Llanwenog (sheep)

The Llanwenog is a breed of domestic sheep originating in Wales. It was developed in the 19th century from the (now extinct) Llanllwni, Shropshire, Welsh Mountain, and Clun Forest breeds. The Llanwenog's native locale is the Teifi Valley, in western Wales, but it has since spread in to other areas. The breed association was formed in 1957. Llanwenogs have black faces and medium-length wool. They have a docile temperament and are known for their profligacy in lambing. The breed has a very placid temperament, is easily handled, easily contained and is well suited to stress free inwintering if necessary. This has important consequences for the health of both the animal and its keeper. This breed is raised primarily for meat.

</doc>
<doc id="19500624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500624" title="Col·legi Casp">
Col·legi Casp

Col·legi Casp–Sagrat Cor de Jesús (, in English "Casp College-Sacred Heart of Jesus") is a Jesuit school in Barcelona, Spain, founded in 1881. Its Catalan name refers to both the school's location on Casp Street ("Carrer de Casp") and the attached church, the Església del Sagrat Cor de Jesús. Both the school and church are run by the "Casp Jesuits" ("Jesuïtes de Casp").
History.
Col·legi Casp is the successor to two Jesuit schools in the city: Col·legi de Betlem, founded 1546, and Col·legi de Cordelles, given to the Jesuits in 1659. Both were situated on the Rambla dels Estudis and were open until the expulsion of the Jesuit order in 1767.
Col·legi Casp opened October 1, 1881, initially with 108 students. The political environment in Spain at the time had an effect on the school's growth. In 1932, it was converted into a municipal school, due to the dissolution of the Society of Jesus, which returned in 1939. Col·legi Casp's enrollment increased soon after, and the school expanded into adjacent buildings.
In 1971, the school became a co-ed institution with its first female students. The next year, it began offering Catalan courses and, in 1978, began teaching in Catalan. By the 1983–84 school year, the entire school had become co-ed. Currently, Col·legi Casp has more than 1,700 students of both sexes between the primary, compulsory secondary, and non-compulsory secondary ("batxillerat") sections of the school. The Casp Jesuits have graduated around 25,000 students, many of whom have become well known in Catalonian society. In 2007, Col·legi Casp received the Medal of Honor of Barcelona ("Medalla d'Honor de Barcelona").
Relations with other schools.
Col·legi Casp's "batxillerat" section is very active with student exchange programs. Among its partner schools are:
In addition, the school's primary section participates in the Comenius Project.

</doc>
<doc id="19500625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500625" title="Neven Jurica">
Neven Jurica

Neven Jurica (born 4 April 1952) is a Croatian politician who worked in Croatian diplomacy between 1992 and 2009. Between February 2008 and September 2009 he was the Permanent Representative of Croatia to the United Nations.
Biography.
Jurica has a degree in comparative literature and philosophy, and a master of arts in literary theory from the University of Zagreb. From 1980 to 1989, he worked as a writer and published in excess of 16 books on literary theory and criticism. At the same time, he oversaw a literary forum, "Literary Friday".
In 1990 he was a founding member of the Croatian Democratic Union and served as Political Secretary. Following the first democratic elections in Croatia in 1990, he was elected to the Parliament and served as Chairman of the Human Rights Committee (1990–1992).
Jurica has served as the Croatian Ambassador to Australia and New Zealand between 1992 and December 1995. He was the Ambassador in Bulgaria (1996–1997) and Norway (1998–2000). He was the Croatian Ambassador to the United States of America between 2004 and 2008.
Between 2003 and 2004 he was the Chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee of the Parliament of Croatia.
As the Permanent Representative to the UN, he represented Croatia in the United Nations Security Council and served as the President of the Council in December 2008.
After being replaced as the Representative to the UN, the Croatian anti-corruption agency USKOK brought charges against Jurica for embezzlement of USD 120,000. Jurica has described his finance as "chaotic" and reimbursed the Ministry of Foreign Affairs for the amount in question, but maintained that the money was not used for personal gain. On 22 April 2010, after a trial at the County Court in Zagreb, Jurica was sentenced to 18 months of prison.
Jurica holds membership in the Croatian Writers' Association and P.E.N. (Poets, Essayists, and Novelists).
He is married with two children.

</doc>
<doc id="19500655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500655" title="List of Mayhem band members">
List of Mayhem band members

The following is a complete chronology of the various line-ups of the Norwegian black metal music group Mayhem. Mayhem formed in 1984 in Oslo, and were briefly inactive in 1993 following the death of founding member Euronymous prior to reforming two years later. 
Some participants in the band were considered guests or temporary members: these musicians are noted here without bold typeface.

</doc>
<doc id="19500663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500663" title="List of Major League Baseball players (Ta–Th)">
List of Major League Baseball players (Ta–Th)

The following is a list of Major League Baseball players, retired or active.

</doc>
<doc id="19500664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500664" title="Penny &amp; Her Pals">
Penny &amp; Her Pals

"Penny and Her Pals" was a children's TV program broadcast by KTVW Channel 13 (now KCPQ) in Tacoma, USA, every afternoon at 4:00 p.m. from the late 1950s to the early 1970s. Penny, played by the ventriloquist Lamoyne Hreha (pronounced: "REE-uh"), was a pretty blonde lady with a ponytail who lived in a castle with a strange assortment of characters who became known as her "pals". 
Hreha, daughter of a Tacoma restaurateur, Anton Barcott, learned to throw her voice while still in high school and acted as the assistant in the magic act of her future husband, John Hreha, a well-known professional magician and mentalist. She created the Penny TV character with Hreha's help in the late 1950s. Speaking of his wife's TV persona, he would often say, "We both knew that Penny needed to be the ultimate Goodie-Two-Shoes that any parent would trust their child with for at least one hour."
Like most local origination children's shows of the era, "Penny" showed cartoons, ran contests, interviewed guests to the castle and hosted hundreds of children's groups who came to tour KTVW Studios to see the show which was performed live each day. There was never a written script - each show was all improvisation. Hreha, a mother of three school-aged children herself at the time, worked out a general plot line for each week of shows with a heavy emphasis on messages that she thought that children needed to hear. Children viewing the show at home were given lessons in generosity, sharing, kindness, diversity, inclusion, bravery, perseverance, and many other subjects through the misadventures of the show's characters.
Characters.
Penny's "pals" were non-human puppet characters given life and voice by Hreha, a master ventriloquist and puppeteer, although real humans other than Penny were occasionally included in the cast. Among the puppet characters were Hildegard the Witch (a crabby but good-hearted witch with a thorny personality), Dudley the Dragon (who lived in the castle moat and was more lovable than scary), Goldie (a silkworm and self-styled singer who lived in a costume trunk in one of the castle's towers and could not sing a note but tried with all her might), Little Lilly Sue (the castle mouse who was extremely shy and scared of just about everything), Grumble Von Grouch (the town meanie). Chief Brokenpaddle of the Tippie Canoe Indian Tribe was the native American presence in the puppet cast. In addition to the puppets, and seen less frequently, were Captain Jack and Jefferson J. Jerkwater, both being full-sized ventriloquial figures.
Leaving the air.
"Penny and Her Pals" was broadcast in black and white for most of its life and only went to color shortly before the show left the air in the early 1970s, having fallen like most other local origination children's shows of the day. KTVW was the last station in the Seattle-Tacoma market to re-tool itself with the equipment capable of broadcasting in color and capturing its own broadcasts on video tape. Even after the station's owners purchased and installed video tape recording and playback equipment, video tape was still not used to archive the station's on-air signal and was frequently re-used on a day-to-day basis, so there are no recordings of "Penny and Her Pals".

</doc>
<doc id="19500684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500684" title="White Wolves">
White Wolves

The White Wolves is a putative British nationalist and racist militant organisation which claimed responsibility for several racially motivated bombings in London in 1999.
Mike Whine, head of the Board of Jewish Deputies theorised that the White Wolves were a splinter group of Combat 18, deriving their name from a Serbian paramilitary formation.
The organisation adheres to the doctrine of leaderless resistance.
London bombs.
Around the time of the Brixton nail-bomb, 25 people received stenciled notes stating:
At the time of the bombings, police authorities believed that former Combat 18 second-in-command Del O'Connor was the likely head of the White Wolves. A stencilled message had been circulated reading "C18 did not carry out the Brixton bombing. We, the White Wolves, did."
Arrest.
In May 1999, a 22-year-old engineer named David Copeland was arrested and charged with all three nail-bombings. Many believe that the "White Wolves" were an invention of Copeland to try to further his goal of precipitating a race war in Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="19500703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500703" title="Zhang Tianhan">
Zhang Tianhan

Zhang Tianhan () (born October 22, 1987) is a versatile Chinese football player who lasted played for Changchun Yatai.
Club career.
Originally starting his professional football career at Qingdao Jonoon Zhang Tianhan would be unable to establish himself with the senior squad. In the 2008 league season Changchun Yatai were willing to take the young player into their squad,he would then go on to make his debut for the club in a league game against Beijing Guoan F.C. on October 22, 2008 where he came on as a substitute in a 2-1 defeat. By the end of the season he would show signs of development when he made a total of eight league appearances for them in his debut campaign, however this was the height of his career with the club and by the end of the 2011 season he was allowed to leave the club.

</doc>
<doc id="19500709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500709" title="De Colección">
De Colección

De Colección is the second Hits album by Mexican iconic pop singer Verónica Castro, It was released in 1996

</doc>
<doc id="19500717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500717" title="List of Major League Baseball players (Ti–Tz)">
List of Major League Baseball players (Ti–Tz)

The following is a list of Major League Baseball players, retired or active.

</doc>
<doc id="19500723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500723" title="Minuscule 5">
Minuscule 5

Minuscule 5 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), δ 453 (Soden). It is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on 342 parchment leaves (), dated palaeographically to the 13th century. It has marginalia.
Description.
The codex contains entire of the New Testament except the Book of Revelation. The order of books: Gospels, Acts, Catholic epistles, Pauline epistles; Hebrews placed before 1 Timothy, Colossians precede Philippians. The text is written in one column per page, 28 lines per page.
The text is divided according to the κεφαλαια ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin, and the τιτλοι ("titles of chapters") at the top of the pages. There is also a division according to the Ammonian Sections (in Mark 234 Sections – the last in Mark 16:9), with references to the Eusebian Canons (written below Ammonian Section numbers). 
It contains tables of the κεφαλαια ("tables of contents") before each book, the Euthalian Apparatus.
According to Scrivener it was carefully written.
Text.
The Greek text of this codex in Catholic epistles and Pauline epistles Aland placed it in Category III, in Acts — in Category V (561 261/2 142 9s). The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Hermann von Soden classified it to the commentated Byzantine text. Aland the text of the Gospels placed in Category V (2011 1031/2 72 12s) but with hesitation.
According to the Claremont Profile Method it has mixed text in Luke 1, mixed Byzantine text in Luke 10, belongs to the textual group 1519 in Luke 20.
In Romans 12:11 it reads καιρω for κυριω, the reading of the manuscript is supported by Codex Claromontanus*, Codex Augiensis, Codex Boernerianus, it d,g, Origenlat.
Ending of the Epistle to the Romans has omitted verse 16:24 (as in codices Codex Sinaiticus, A, B, C, 81, 263, 623, 1739, 1838, 1962, 2127, itz, vgww, copsa,bo, ethro, Origenlat).
History.
Calabria probably is the place of its provenance. It was used by Robert Estienne in his Editio Regia, and designated by him as δ'. It was examined by Wettstein, Scholz,
and Paulin Martin. C. R. Gregory saw the manuscript in 1884.
It was not cited in NA26 and NA27, but it was used by NA28.
The codex is located now at the National Library of France (Gr. 106) in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="19500731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500731" title="The Best of Suffocation">
The Best of Suffocation

The Best of Suffocation is a best-of compilation album by the American death metal band Suffocation. It was released through Roadrunner Records on January 29, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19500769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500769" title="Lou Phillips">
Lou Phillips

Louis Augustus "Lou" Phillips (24 February 1878 – 14 March 1916) was a Welsh international scrum-half who played club rugby for Newport. He won four caps for Wales and was a talented amateur golf player.
Rugby career.
Phillips, a swift and orthodox player, made his Welsh international debut against England as part of Billy Bancroft's Triple Crown winning team in 1900. He played in every single game in the 1900 Home Nations Championship alongside clubmate Llewellyn Lloyd, but the next season played his fourth and final game in a defeat to Scotland. Phillips may have played more matches but for a serious knee injury.
Later life.
In 1907 and 1912 he was Welsh Amateur Golfing Champion. 
During World War I he served as a Sergeant in the Royal Welch Fusiliers having refused a commission. He was killed in action at Cambrai, on 14 March 1916.
International matches played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="19500772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500772" title="Hidden Treasures (TV series)">
Hidden Treasures (TV series)

Hidden Treasures (Traditional Chinese: 翻新大少 or also known as 鴨寮街的金蛋) is a TVB modern drama series released overseas in May 2004 and broadcast on TVB Jade Channel in September 2005.
The series takes place in the famous Hong Kong electronics street, Apliu Street.

</doc>
<doc id="19500779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500779" title="Sharafa">
Sharafa

Sharafa may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19500787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500787" title="Scutchamer Knob">
Scutchamer Knob

Scutchamer Knob, also known as Cuckhamsley Hill and occasionally as Scotsman's Knob or Beacon Hill, is an early Iron Age round barrow on the Ridgeway National Trail at East Hendred Down in the English county of Oxfordshire (formerly in Berkshire).
Originally called Cwichelmeshlaew or Cwichelm's Barrow, it is recorded as having been the place where King Edwin of Northumbria killed Cwichelm of Wessex in AD 636 and, in the Middle Ages, became the meeting point of the Shire Moot (or market) which was abolished in 1620. It was long thought to be the actual burial place of Cwichelm but the mound has been excavated several times without serious finds. In 1006, the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle states that the Danes marched to Cuckhamsley Hill as they believed that if they reached the Hill, they would never return to the sea.
The knob appears to have once been a round barrow, but now is a semi-circular bank with a round front. Its appearance may have changed in part due to vandalism based on the belief it was used to hoard treasure.
The name "Scutchamer" may have derived from "Cwichelmeshlaew". An alternate explanation is that the name is based on the word "scutcher", someone who "scutched" or beat out flax to loosen its fibres, and the knob was a location of local fairs trading in local products deriving from this practice.

</doc>
<doc id="19500806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500806" title="East Hendred Brook">
East Hendred Brook

The East Hendred Brook is a small tributary of the River Thames which starts on the springline at the base of the Berkshire Downs, and joins the Thames between Abingdon and Wallingford.

</doc>
<doc id="19500820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500820" title="La Tocada">
La Tocada

La Tocada is the 15th album by Mexican iconic pop singer Verónica Castro, It was released in 1997.
Verónica Castro was filming both her Late Night Show "La Tocada" and her Telenovela "Pueblo chico, infierno grande" the theme song to the Telenovea is "Pena De Amor Y Muerte" 

</doc>
<doc id="19500827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500827" title="Epioblasma triquetra">
Epioblasma triquetra

Epioblasma triquetra, common name the Snuffbox, is a species of freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae, the river mussels. It is a rare species and currently listed as endangered under the Endangered Species Act.
Reproduction.
All Unionidae are known to use the gills, fins, or skin of a host fish for nutrients during the larval glochidia stage. In 2004, it was discovered that female "Epioblasma triquetra" mussels lure the unsuspecting fish towards them, then quickly clamp onto the head of the host fish and pump the glochidia larvae into their gills. The primary confirmed host fish for "Epioblasma triquetra" was found to be the common logperch, due to it being able to survive this violent encounter. 
Distribution and conservation status.
This species lives the Great Lakes system and Mississippi River system. It was classified as endangered by COSEWIC. The Canadian Species at Risk Act listed it in the List of Wildlife Species at Risk as being endangered in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="19500833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500833" title="George Musser">
George Musser

George Musser (born 1965) is a contributing editor for "Scientific American" magazine in New York and the author of "The Complete Idiot’s Guide to String Theory". He did his undergraduate studies in electrical engineering and mathematics at Brown University and his graduate studies in planetary science at Cornell University, where he was a National Science Foundation Graduate Fellow. His thesis work modeled mantle convection on Venus in order to explain broad plateaus, known as coronae, mapped by the Magellan orbiter. Musser served as editor of "Mercury" magazine and of the Universe in the Classroom tutorial series at the Astronomical Society of the Pacific, a science and science-education nonprofit based in San Francisco.
A number of articles Musser solicited and edited have appeared in "The Best American Science Writing" and "The Best American Science & Nature Writing" anthologies. He was the originator and one of the lead editors for the single-topic issue “A Matter of Time,” "Scientific American" (Sept. 2002), which won a National Magazine Award for editorial excellence, and he coordinated the single topic issue “Crossroads for Planet Earth,” "Scientific American" (Sept. 2005), which won a Global Media Award from the Population Institute and was a National Magazine Award finalist. In 2010, Musser won the Jonathan Eberhart Planetary Sciences Journalism Award from the Division for Planetary Sciences for his science writing on planetary sciences. In 2011, Musser won the Science Writing Award from the American Institute of Physics for his article "Could Time End?" in the September 2010 issue of Scientific American.

</doc>
<doc id="19500845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500845" title="Space Is the Place (soundtrack)">
Space Is the Place (soundtrack)

Space is the Place is an album by Sun Ra and His Intergalactic Solar Arkestra. The music was recorded in early 1972 in San Francisco, California for the film "Space Is the Place". However, the music remained unreleased until Evidence Music issued a compact disc in 1993.
During the late-1960s and early-1970s, Sun Ra and his ensemble made several forays to California. In 1971, Sun Ra taught a course, "The Black Man in the Cosmos," at University of California, Berkeley. Over the course of these California visits, Sun Ra came to the attention of Jim Newman, who produced the film "Space Is the Place" starring Sun Ra and his Arkestra, and based, in part, on Sun Ra's Berkeley lectures. The soundtrack CD compiles 16 tracks that Sun Ra recorded for the film.
Critical reception.
"The Penguin Guide to Jazz" describes the album as "a brisk montage of Arkestra music...t works remarkably well and the playing is tight and enigmatic." The "Penguin" editors also note that "Mysterious Crystal" is of particular interest, with the track "combining a huge array of elements into something that simply cannot be characterized by reference to any other music." Ron Wynn of Allmusic describes the tracks as being "among Sun Ra's most ambitious, unorthodox, and compelling compositions."
Track listing.
All compositions and arrangements by Sun Ra.

</doc>
<doc id="19500870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500870" title="Beautiful Dreamer (disambiguation)">
Beautiful Dreamer (disambiguation)

"Beautiful Dreamer" is an American popular song written by Stephen Foster. Beautiful Dreamer may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19500887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500887" title="Djibouti Youth Movement">
Djibouti Youth Movement

The Djibouti Youth Movement () was a militant organization which claimed responsibility for two grenade attacks in Djibouti on 27 September 1990. This event was the first international public exposure of the organization.
The first attack on the Café de Paris killed one French boy and wounded 15 French adults. During the second attack, on the Café L’Historil, the grenades failed to explode and there were no casualties.

</doc>
<doc id="19500909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500909" title="Sarur">
Sarur

Sarur may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19500954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500954" title="Ave Vagabundo">
Ave Vagabundo

Ave Vagabundo is the 16th album by Mexican iconic pop singer Verónica Castro. It was released in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="19500963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500963" title="Hyman Miller">
Hyman Miller

Hyman "Hymie" Miller (April 20, 1911 – October 1977) was an American boxer who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and died in Rochester, New York.
In 1928 he was eliminated in the first round of the flyweight class after losing his fight to Marcel Sartos.

</doc>
<doc id="19500971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500971" title="2008 Sligo Intermediate Football Championship">
2008 Sligo Intermediate Football Championship

This is a round-up of the 2008 Sligo Intermediate Football Championship. St. Molaise Gaels were crowned champions for the fourth time, the first under the new name, after a replayed final victory over 2005 champions Coolaney/Mullinabreena.
Group Stages.
The Championship was contested by 13 teams, divided into four groups. The top two sides in each group advanced to the Quarter-Finals, with the remaining sides in each group facing the Relegation playoffs to retain Intermediate status for 2009, as the restructuring of the Championships got under way.

</doc>
<doc id="19500990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19500990" title="The Affair at Glenmore Farm">
The Affair at Glenmore Farm

The Affair at Glenmore Farm was a small cavalry skirmish that took place October 16, 1862 in Loudoun County, Virginia between Confederate forces under First Lieutenant Frank Myers and Union forces under General John Geary during the American Civil War. The skirmish resulted in a Union victory.
Background.
On September 9, part of the Army of Northern Virginia's artillery under Colonel R. L. Walker escorted by Col. Elijah V. White's Battalion entered Loudoun county at Point of Rocks after unsuccessfully trying to destroy the C&O Canal aqueduct over the Monocacy River. White led Walker to Loudoun Heights by way of Lovettsville and Hillsboro, as part of Robert E. Lee's plan to take Harpers Ferry to protect his flank during his Maryland Campaign. 
White, who was not happy to be sent back in Virginia as he preferred to be with the rest of the army in Maryland, where he could recruit from his native state (Unfortunately, in Frederick he got in an altercation with Gen. Stuart who subsequently ordered back to Virginia. Gen. Lee, hoping to smooth things over, but who nevertheless had to support the senior Stuart, assigned White to this vital mission in the battalion's home county), resumed his partisan activities in the county after escorting Walker to Loudoun Heights.
The bombardment of Leesburg.
At about the time the Battle of Antietam was occurring, Lt. Col. Hugh Judson Kilpatrick, commanding ten companies of cavalry, left Washington to reoccupy Leesburg and clear the area of any remaining Confederates. Upon arriving in Leesburg, Kilpatrick found the town held by Company A of the 6th Virginia Cavalry, forty or so infantrymen under the command Captain Gibson, and Colonel White and thirty of his troopers. As the infantrymen were largely convalescences and stragglers not fit to make the trek into Maryland and their force being greatly outnumbered, Gibson began to retreat from town. White, however, not wanting to give up his hometown without a fight, persuaded Gibson to resist the Federals as long as possible. A skirmish broke out between the Federal advance guard and the ragtag Confederate force near the courthouse square. In retribution for the Confederates' stubborn resistance, Kilpatrick ordered his artillery brought up and commenced firing on the town, forcing the Confederates to retreat west up the Winchester Pike. The degree of damage to the town is a matter of some dispute, with Confederates describing significant damage to buildings, while Kilpatrick reported only that he fired a few shots over the town. Once the artillery barrage ceased, Kilpatrick sent in the 10th New York Cavalry, which encountered the Confederates on the western edge of town. White attempted to lead his men in a charge, but he was severely wounded in the process, whereupon the force retreated to Harmony (present day Hamilton) and Kilpatrick took control of Leesburg.
The Skirmish.
On October 16, First Lieutenant Frank Myers, in nominal command of White's Battalion, while White recovered from his wounds inflicted at Leesburg, was ordered by Stonewall Jackson's quartermaster to secure cattle from the Lovettsville area. Myers made an attempt but was thwarted by the presence of General J.R. Kenly's Maryland infantry and cavalry. In retribution, a scouting party under John DeButts, later a member of Mosby's Rangers, was dispatched to harass Kenly, which they successfully did, driving his force back to Harpers Ferry. Thinking the area was clear of Federals and safe to raid, Captain Treyhorn, a new addition to the company, led a scouting party towards Berlin, Maryland (present day Brunswick), stopping in Lovettesville for the night on the 19th. The Federals, however, took notice of the Confederates, and General John Geary was dispatched from Harpers Ferry with two infantry brigades and 300 men from the Col Thomas Devin's 6th New York Cavalry to engage the scouting party. 
On the morning of the 20th Treyhorn's pickets were captured by Geary's advance guard, prompting the Confederates to fall back towards Wheatland. As the Confederates began to fall back, Geary's main force reached Hillsborough, where he divided his force, sending Devin and the 6th New York east down the Charles Town Pike to Wheatland, where they then turned north up the Berlin Turnpike. Geary lead his force north up the Mountain Road, which ran parallel to the Berlin Pike, before turning east on the road to Morrisonville. At that village, on the Glenmore Farm, the two forks of the Union advance pinned the retreating Confederates. As Devin mounted a charge and Geary hit the flank of the 35th, Treyhorn deployed sharpshooters on top of nearby haystacks, who momentarily kept the infantry at bay, but before long the 35th was forced into a full retreat that quickly devolved into a rout that was only ended when the horsed of the 6th New York became too fatigued to continue the chase. 
Results.
When the skirmish was over, the 35th had lost 1 dead, 2 wounded and 21 captured. Treyhorn was forced to resign and leave the company. The action represented the first major loss for the White's Battalion. Nevertheless the company, which had become significantly large to become a battalion, was formally organized on the 28th by Col. Bradly T. Johnson of Gen. Stuart's command and given the official designation - the 35th Battalion of Virginia Cavalry.

</doc>
<doc id="19501059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19501059" title="Olav Nielsen">
Olav Nielsen

Olav Nielsen (April 5, 1902 – April 25, 1944) was a Norwegian boxer who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
He was born and died in Oslo.
In 1928 he was eliminated in the first round of the flyweight class after losing his fight to Baddie Lebanon.

</doc>
<doc id="19501087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19501087" title="Parka (genus)">
Parka (genus)

Parka is a Silurian fossil believed to be an early land "plant". It bears at least passing resemblance to the alga "Coleochaete", but the significance of this similarity is yet to be established.

</doc>
<doc id="19501102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19501102" title="Golden State Mutual Life Insurance Company">
Golden State Mutual Life Insurance Company

Golden State Mutual Life Insurance Company, the largest black-owned insurance company in the western United States, was founded by William Nickerson, Jr. with the assistance of Norman Oliver Houston and George Allen Beavers, Jr.
Founding.
In the mid-1920s, when William Nickerson, Jr., an insurance salesman and publisher from Texas, arrived in Los Angeles, he was alarmed to discover that most of the 16,000 blacks living in the city were unable to obtain life insurance. Unable to afford an attorney, Nickerson studied law to determine the state's requirements to form a corporation to accommodate this need. He partnered with fellow insurance salesman Norman O. Houston and businessman George A. Beavers, Jr. to secure 500 pre-paid life insurance applications as well as the $15,000 deposit required by California. Houston raised the $15,000 and Beavers found 500 blacks that would pay premiums for a company that was yet to be established.
On July 23, 1925 they opened as the Golden State Guarantee Fund Insurance Company in a one-room office at 1435 Central Avenue, Los Angeles, with few amenities and $17,800 in capital. Within three months the company had outgrown its office and moved to a storeroom at 3512 Central Avenue. By the end of its first year the company had established an office in Oakland, California, had sold more than $260,000 in policies, and had $6,000 in reserves and a surplus of over $16,000. Within three years Golden State Insurance had over 100 employees including sixty agents as well as branches in Pasadena, Bakersfield, San Diego and Fresno.
Early years.
In 1928, using all African American design and labor, they built the two-story Golden State Mutual Life Insurance Building at 4261 Central Avenue where the firm occupied the top floor while the main floor was rented to merchants. The company remained profitable throughout the Great Depression in the 1930s. The company began paying out dividends beginning in 1930 and continues to do so uninterrupted to this day. The name was changed to Golden State Mutual Life Insurance Company in 1931, and by the end of the 1930s, assets had grown to $437,000 with $6 million in policies. In 1938 they set up operations in Illinois and in 1944 they opened a branch in Texas. By the end of World War II assets stood at $2 million, surplus funds at $750,000, and they had nearly $24 million in policies.
Continued growth and expansion.
When the company's founder William Nickerson, Jr. died in 1945, Houston became president and Beavers was elevated to board chairman. Under the new leadership, the company continued its expansion. Eventually Golden State Mutual had offices in 14 states with over $4 billion in policies.
As a major institution within the black community, representatives of Golden State Mutual were active in the civil rights movement. They also amassed an extensive collection of art by African American artists, which included works by Richmond Barthé, Hale Woodruff, Charles Alston and Varnette Honeywood.
In 1948, Golden State Mutual opened a new office at West 1999 Adams Boulevard in Los Angeles, which was designed by Paul Williams.
However, in the wake of integration, Golden State Mutual as well as other black-owned businesses began to lose market share and influence. In 1962, when Beavers took on the added role as president of the National Insurance Association, it was apparent that something needed to be done to insure the continued viability of black-owned businesses.
In 1970, Houston's sons, Norman B. Houston and Ivan J. Houston, took over active management of Golden State Mutual. While the company continued to succeed, rough financial waters lay ahead.
Economic decline.
By the 1980s, Golden State Mutual was struggling to maintain profitability.
On September 20, 2009, California Insurance Commissioner Steve Poizner placed Golden State Mutual into conservation after its surplus funds dropped below required minimum levels. This occurred after six consecutive years of net operating losses.
As the result, the state ordered that Golden State Mutual's policies be taken over by IA American Life Insurance Company. Golden State Mutual was also forced to sell its art collection which was valued in the millions of dollars to help pay off mounting debts.
The selection of IA American Life came as a result of a national bidding process involving more than 40 active life insurers. IA American Life Insurance Company, rated A- by noted insurance rating firm AM Best, was the only bidder that satisfied all key components of the selection criteria. This included the ability to assume 100% of the Golden State Mutual policies, so that policyholders will be fully protected under the transaction while remaining creditors and investors have a much greater potential to be repaid.

</doc>
<doc id="19501103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19501103" title="Iguatemi São Paulo">
Iguatemi São Paulo

The Iguatemi São Paulo shopping centre is the oldest Brazilian mall in operation. 
Located in the Brigadeiro Faria Lima Avenue, in the Jardins neighbourhood, the shopping mall was opened in November 1966. Some organizations say that Iguatemi São Paulo is the first shopping mall to be opened in Brazil, but other ones say that the Shopping do Méier in Rio de Janeiro is older. 
Louis Vuitton, Emporio Armani, Gucci, Calvin Klein, Christian Louboutin, Dolce & Gabbana, Neuhaus, Tiffany and Co., Ermenegildo Zegna, Diesel, Hugo Boss, Chanel, Burberry and Swatch are some of its luxury stores. When Daslu was opened, followed by the Cidade Jardim Shopping Mall, Iguatemi São Paulo planned new stores, new restaurants and more sophisticated food-courts as an appeal to the city's richest people come more often. 

</doc>
<doc id="19501116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19501116" title="Baddie Lebanon">
Baddie Lebanon

Henry "Baddie" Lebanon (born 10 October 1910) is a South African boxer who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Johannesburg. Sometimes his nickname is also spelt "Buddy".
In 1928 he finished fourth of the flyweight class after losing the bronze medal bout to Carlo Cavagnoli.

</doc>
<doc id="19501136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19501136" title="Vasco Mariners">
Vasco Mariners

Vasco Mariners, also known as Vasco Da Gama FC, are a Bermudian football team currently playing in the Corona League, the third tier of the Bermudian Football League. The team has historically had Portuguese players, but more recently has seen many English and Bermudian players on the club.
They are one of the most successful Bermudian Teams in history, having lifted the Premier League title three times (most recently in 1999) and the Bermuda FA Cup four times (most recently in 1998). They play games at the BAA Club in Hamilton, and their facilities are at the Vasco Da Gama Club.
In 2007-08 they won the Commercial League Division 2 and were promoted.

</doc>
<doc id="19501153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19501153" title="Nikolay Kurganskiy">
Nikolay Kurganskiy

Nikolay Alekseevich Kurganskiy (born 19 March 1961 in Ekibastuz) is a former Kazakh professional football player. He played for FC Ekibastuzets in the Soviet Second League and Kazakhstan Premier League, appearing in over 400 league matches, scoring more than 150 goals.
Kurganskiy made seven appearances for the Kazakhstan national football team, scoring twice.

</doc>
<doc id="19501160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19501160" title="West Lake Houston Parkway">
West Lake Houston Parkway

The West Lake Houston Parkway serves as a major access road between the developing portion of Beltway 8 and the neighborhoods of Summerwood, Atascocita and Kingwood in the Greater Houston Area. The start of the road is just West of the Beltway in a developing neighborhood. The Northern end is at an intersection with Gardenwood Dr in a Northern section of the neighborhood of Kingwood, TX.
Route Description.
The W Lake Houston Pkwy starts just inside the developing portion of the Beltway 8 in a developing neighborhood. The Pkwy heads East passing the Beltway and passes through the neighborhood of Summerwood. In the neighborhood, the Pkwy turns North. The Pkwy passes through a very rural area as it heads North towards Atascocita. In Atascocita, the Pkwy makes an intersection with FM 1960. At this point the Pkwy becomes a major Road. The Pkwy continues North through Atascocita and eventually crosses Lake Houston. The Pkwy then passes into Kingwood. The Pkwy becomes minor at Northpark Dr. The Pkwy continues minor until its ending in Northern Kingwood.

</doc>
<doc id="19501164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19501164" title="GIO Schoolboy Cup">
GIO Schoolboy Cup

The "GIO Schoolboy Cup" (formerly the "ARL Schoolboy Cup" and Arrive Alive Cup) is an Australian secondary school rugby league football competition which is held annually since 1975. The competition involves high school teams from across the country (although mainly from New South Wales) who compete in a series of Group and Knock-Out stages before two teams are left to fight it out in the Grand Final which is now held at the Sydney Football Stadium each year. The competition is now televised on the free-to-air channel, Channel 9. It is the premier Australian Secondary Schools Rugby League competition.
History.
The Arrive Alive Cup Rugby League competition started in 1975 as the AMCO Shield. The most exciting highlight for schools is the opportunity for both the players and the schools to be featured in Televised matches. The profile of the competition has grown so much over the years, it is now the premier competition in Schoolboy Rugby League.
Nearly 450 schools compete in the knockout competition throughout New South Wales, Queensland and Victoria. In the beginning, the Televised Matches were played and recorded as the early game to the mid-week knockout competition, the Amco Cup. Then the midweek Panasonic Cup died out and Friday Night Football was born on Channel 9. Arrive Alive Cup television matches are now played prior to the Friday Night Football match and are shown on Channel 9 in the weeks leading up to the NRL Finals Series.
The first commentator for the Cup was the current General Manager of Radio 2UE, Mr John Brennan. He was followed by several other major media personalities, including Bill Anderson, David Fordham, David Morrow, Graeme Hughes, Peter Sterling, Mark Warren, Steve Roach and the current team headed by Andrew Voss. Some fantastic young footballers have emerged from The Cup and thousands of other players have had the chance to both pump up and show off their skills on TV. The "Peter Sterling Medal" has been awarded annually to the Arrive alive Cup "Player of the Year" since 1996.
Recent history.
In 2003 and the next three seasons that followed, Endeavour Sports High School became the first side to make four Grand Finals in succession and the second to win the competition three times consecutively. In the 2007 Arrive Alive Cup Grand Final, Teenage giant/sensation Anthony Cherrington came off the bench in the dying minutes of the match intending to "charge up" Endeavour Sports High as well as gain some important metres to get Endeavor back in the match and ended up scoring two tries in the last five minutes to win the 2007 Arrive Alive Cup Grand Final.
Wearing Benji Marshall's No. 6 jersey, Keebra Park five-eighth Robert Lui looked like writing a gripping yarn to rival those of his namesake when he scored a try and kicked a 22-metre field goal to give the Gold Coast school a 7–6 lead with 13 minutes left in the final of the national schoolboys competition at the Sydney Football Stadium. But the Sydney Roosters signing Anthony Cherrington took care of that, taking an inside pass from fellow replacement Luke Letele to crash over with five to go and then planting the ball in the corner to make sure of a 16–7 victory with two minutes left thu giving Endeavor Sports High School the win, the 2007 Arrive Alive Cup, three successive Arrive Alive Cup equalling St Gregory's feat in the late 80s and early 90s as well as beating Keebra Park State High School for the second year running in the Grand Final.
In a Grand Final not to be forgotten, Palm Beach Currumbin claimed the 2008 Arrive Alive Cup by defeating Matraville Sports High in a thrilling contest between two of the top Rugby League school teams in the country. The match that promised so much lived up to all expectations and more. In a game that saw a number of lead changes and some miraculous rugby league tries, Palm Beach Currumbin ran out eventual winners and 2008 Premiers recording a 24–22 victory. It was the first time a Queensland school became premiers in the Arrive Alive Cup since 2002 (when Wavell SHS won their first Arrive Alive Cup title) and one to be remembered by all involved. Most notably when Man of the Match Brody Ollard stripped the ball, ran and scored himself the winning try and the game for Palm Beach Currumbin. Ryan James was sensational throughout the competition and was awarded the Peter Sterling Medal for the Player of the Year for 2008. The game also featured the third youngest player to ever play 1st Grade Jordan Rankin playing for Currumbin.
The current holders are The Hills Sports High School, who have won back to back titles in 2010 and 2011. In 2011, the Hills defeated Matraville Sports High, coming back from a 16–4 halftime deficit to win 22–20.
Player of the Year Award.
"NOTE:The winner of 1996 onwards receives the Peter Sterling Medal"

</doc>
<doc id="19501195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19501195" title="Prince of Wales Prize for Municipal Heritage Leadership">
Prince of Wales Prize for Municipal Heritage Leadership

The Prince of Wales Prize for Municipal Heritage Leadership is an award presented annually to a Canadian municipality that has demonstrated a commitment to the conservation of its historic built environment, through regulation, policies, and funding. Created in 1999 by the Heritage Canada Foundation, the award is named for Prince Charles, Prince of Wales, who agreed to lend his title as he has personal interests in architecture and inner-city renewal.
The municipality receives a metal plaque bearing the insignia of the Prince of Wales and the Heritage Canada Foundation, a flag with the same emblems to be flown outside or displayed within the city or town hall, and the prize's logo must be displayed on the municipality's website. In 2008, the first ever Prince of Wales Prize Honourable Mention was awarded.

</doc>
<doc id="19501240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19501240" title="1895 visit of Emperor Franz Joseph to Zagreb">
1895 visit of Emperor Franz Joseph to Zagreb

The 1895 visit of Emperor Franz Joseph to Zagreb was the Austro-Hungarian leader's visit to the Kingdom of Croatia-Slavonia's capital in mid-October, 1895 to attend the opening of the Croatian National Theatre. A group of Croatian students used the visit to protest the rule of the Hungarian Károly Khuen-Héderváry as Croatian ban. 
The emperor arrived in Zagreb by train on October 14, 1895. Upon his arrival a group of students chanted "Slava Jelačiću" ("Glory to Jelačić"), in reference to the former Croatian ban Josip Jelačić who had risen up against the Hungarians in the Revolutions of 1848. That day the emperor attended the unveiling ceremonial completion of the Croatian National Theatre. Music by Ivan Zajc was subsequently performed inside the theatre. 
On October 15, the emperor attended an honorary dance at the "Kolo" building. On this day a group of students led by Stjepan Radić planned a burning of the Hungarian tricolour. 
On October 16, the final day of the imperial visit, the students marched to Ban Jelačić Square where they chanted "Živio hrvatski kralj Franjo Josip I", "Slava Jelačiću" and "Abzug Magjari". They doused the Hungarian tricolour in brandy and set it on fire. They then marched towards the University. The city police soon informed ban Khuen-Héderváry of the act and the students were arrested.
Aftermath.
The students were subsequently charged for the incident. Stjepan Radić was sentence to six months in jail, Gjuro Balaško to five, and Milan Dorwald, Osman Hadžić, Vladimir Vidrić, Josip Šikutrić, Vladimir Frank and Ivan Fran to four months. The students were all barred from the University of Zagreb while Stjepan Radić was barred from all universities in the empire. This led him to continue his studies abroad in Paris. The other students went to the Charles University in Prague and the University of Vienna. 
These students would form the basis of the "Croatian Moderna". In 1897, the Prague group of students began publishing "Hrvatska misao", while in 1898 the Vienna students began publishing "Mladost".
The flag burning also resulted in a split between the Croatian Party of Rights and the Croatian Pure Party of Rights who disagreed on the flag-burning.

</doc>
<doc id="19501253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19501253" title="Marcel Sabou">
Marcel Sabou

Marcel Sabou (born 22 August 1965 in Timişoara) is a retired Romanian football player who played for, amongst others, Romanian side Dinamo Bucureşti, Spanish sides CD Tenerife, Racing Santander and Sporting de Gijón, and Portuguese side Desportivo Chaves.

</doc>
<doc id="19501258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19501258" title="Frank Cali">
Frank Cali

Francesco Paolo Augusto Calì (born March 26, 1965, in New York City), known as "Frank" or "Franky Boy", is the current underboss of the Gambino crime family under current boss Domenico Cefalu. Law enforcement considers Cali to be the Gambino "ambassador to Sicilian mobsters" and have linked him to the Inzerillo Mafia family from Palermo. "Cali is seen as a man of influence and power by organized crime members in Italy", according to Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph Lipton.
Early years.
Frank Cali was born in New York City to Augusto and Agata Cesare, both natives of Palermo, Sicily. His father ran a household goods store in Palermo and a video store in Bensonhurst, Brooklyn. He had a clean police record in the United States, even though he was mentioned in the Pizza Connection investigation, when police discovered that he was a partner of Domenico Adamita, allied to Sicilian Mafia boss Gaetano Badalamenti.
Frank Cali is the nephew-in-law of Sicilian mobsters John Gambino, Joseph Gambino and Rosario Gambino, and has close ties to the once powerful Sicilian Mafia family led by Salvatore Inzerillo. Cali is also a great-nephew of Bonanno crime family mobsters Giovanni Bonventre and Vito Bonventre. Cali was also related to Gambino boss Paul Castellano.
As a little boy, Cali bonded with Gambino mobster Jackie D'Amico, a lieutenant of Gambino boss John Gotti who operated a crew on 18th avenue in Brooklyn. In January 1997, the FBI reported to Italian authorities that Cali had been "combined" into the Gambino family. Cali was promoted to acting capo when D'Amico became acting boss. Cali ran several import-export companies in Brooklyn, including Circus Fruits Wholesale in Fort Hamilton, Brooklyn.
Sicilian Mafia ties.
Cali also maintained ties with the Sicilian Mafia. He married Rosaria Inzerrilo, a sister of Pietro Inzerillo and a relative of Gambino associate Frank Inzerillo, 
a member of the Palermitan Inzerillo family. In the early 1980s, after losing the Second Mafia War against the Corleonesi of Totò Riina, the Inzerillo family was forced to flee Sicily. Cali and old Palermo boss Filippo Casamento supported the return of the Inzerillos to Palermo, according to Italian authorities.
According to the Italian Polizia di Stato (State Police), Cali is also a member of the Sicilian Cosa Nostra. He was the contact for Sicilian Mafiosi who traveled to New York to meet him, do business, and update him on Sicilian affairs. "He's our friend and he is everything over there", confided Sicilian mobster Gianni Nicchi to his boss Antonio Rotolo, after a trip in 2003. Nicchi is one of the Sicilian 'men of honour' who went back and forth between Palermo and the US for drug trafficking.
Arrest.
In early 2003, Cali and fellow captain Leonard "Lenny" DiMaria began extorting 'mob taxes' from Joseph Vollaro, the owner of a trucking and contracting company that was helping build a NASCAR speedway on Staten Island. Vollero was eventually forced to pay tens of thousands of dollars as tribute to D'Amico and Gambino boss Nicholas Corozzo. In 2004, to avoid prison time for a cocaine conviction, Vollero began working with federal authorities as an informant. Vollero's undercover work lead to a massive indictment four years later.
On February 8, 2008, Cali and 61 other New York Cosa Nostra associates were arrested and charged with federal racketeering charges. as part of Operation Old Bridge. Old Bridge terminated the drug trafficking between the Sicilian Mafia and the Gambino family. Prosecutors claimed that Cali acted as the Gambino "ambassador to the Sicilian mobsters" and as a liaison between D'Amico and the Sicilian connections to the Inzerillo family. Cali was charged with racketeering, extortion, and conspiracy along with D'Amica and DiMaria.
On June 4, 2008, Cali pleaded guilty to conspiring to extort money from Vollaro. Cali was incarcerated at the Metropolitan Detention Center in Brooklyn, New York. On April 6, 2009, he was released from prison.
Around 2009, Cali's uncle John Gambino was elevated to the family's ruling panel, according to court papers filed in Brooklyn Federal Court. The U.S. Justice Department demanded that Cali avoid all contact with Gambino, except for weddings or holiday celebrations approved in advance by Cali's probation officer.
Underboss.
In October 2012, Cali was identified by New York crime reporter Jerry Capeci as the new underboss of the Gambino crime family. Capeci has previously identified Domenico Cefalu, a member of the same Sicilian faction as Cali, as the current boss of the group. Though his status remains unclear, the promotion of both men follows a period in which John Gambino was a street boss within the family, showing that the Sicilian group has remained dominant in recent years. In July 2013, it was reported that Cali turned down the position of boss of the family.

</doc>
<doc id="19501280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19501280" title="Hemphillia dromedarius">
Hemphillia dromedarius

The Hemphillia dromedarius, common name the dromedary Jumping-slug, is a species of air-breathing land slugs, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Arionidae, the roundback slugs.
Description.
The "Hemphillia dromedarius" is a large slug about 60 mm long.
Distribution and conservation status.
It lives in British Columbia in Canada, where the Committee on the Status of Endangered Wildlife in Canada (COSEWIC) has assessed it as a threatened species. The Canadian Species at Risk Act listed it in the List of Wildlife Species at Risk as being threatened in Canada. It is also found in Washington State.

</doc>
<doc id="19501287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19501287" title="String Duo No. 1 (Mozart)">
String Duo No. 1 (Mozart)

Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's String Duo No. 1 in G major for violin and viola, K. 423, the first of the two Mozart wrote to complete Michael Haydn's set of six for the Archbishop Colloredo, was written in the summer of 1783. It is in three movements:
While both Mozart's and Haydn's duos give the viola lots of double stops, Mozart's duos differ in that the viola also gets many passages in sixteenths, almost in equal proportion to the violin. H. C. Robbins Landon notes in particular of K. 423 that Mozart had retained the knowledge he gained in writing the String Quartet in G major, K. 387 (the finale of which was in turn influenced by Haydn's Symphony No. 23).
The set of six was presented as all Haydn's, and Colloredo was unable to "detect in them Mozart's obvious workmanship."
By transposing the viola part an octave down and changing to bass clef, the piece is readily playable on cello. Werner Rainer edited such a transcription for Verlag Doblinger.
The G major Duo is almost always paired with the B-flat major Duo, K. 424. The Hungaroton label has a 2-CD set of the Mozart and Haydn duos with Barnabas Kelemen and Katalin Kokas. The Avie label prefers to put Mozart's duos (played by Phillipe Graffin and Nobuko Imai) on a 2-CD set with other pieces by Mozart, such as the Violin Concerto in G, K. 216, and the Sinfonia Concertante in E-flat major, K. 364. The Odeum Guitar Duo has recorded a transcription of K. 423 for two guitars, available as an MP3 download for Pepsi points.

</doc>
<doc id="19501297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19501297" title="Clarity of scripture">
Clarity of scripture

The doctrine of the clarity of Scripture (often called the perspicuity of Scripture) is a Protestant Christian position teaching that "the infallible rule of interpretation of Scripture, is the Scripture itself; and, therefore, when there is a question about the true and full sense of any scripture (which is not manifold, but one), it may be searched and known by other places that speak more clearly." Clarity of scripture is an important doctrinal and Biblical interpretive principle for many evangelical Christians. Perspicuity of scripture does not imply that people will receive it for what it is, as many adherents to the doctrine of perspicuity of scripture accept the Calvinist teaching that man is depraved and needs the illumination of the Holy Spirit in order to see the meaning for what it is. Martin Luther advocated the clearness of scripture in his work "On the Bondage of the Will". Arminius argued for the perspicuity of scripture by name in "The Perspicuity Of The Scriptures."
This doctrine is in contrast to other Christian positions like that of Augustine, who wrote in "Against the Epistle of Manichaeus" that he "should not believe the gospel except as moved by the authority of the Catholic Church." and in "On Christian Doctrine", says "Let the reader consult the rule of faith which he has gathered from the plainer passages of Scripture, and from the authority of the Church…" Vincent of Lérins concurs, "Therefore, it is very necessary, on account of so great intricacies of such various error, that the rule for the right understanding of the prophets and apostles should be framed in accordance with the standard of Ecclesiastical and Catholic interpretation." The doctrine can also be contrasted by positions which assert that subjective experience should be preferred over knowing the originally intended meaning of scripture, since it is basically unclear.
Finally, the doctrine is contrasted with the more literalist idea that "scientific exegesis" is unnecessary.
In Lutheranism.
Lutherans hold that the Bible presents all doctrines and commands of the Christian faith clearly. God's Word is freely accessible to every reader or hearer of ordinary intelligence, without requiring any special education. Of course, one must understand the language God's Word is presented in, and not be so preoccupied by contrary thoughts so as to prevent understanding. As a result of this, no one needs to wait for any clergy, and pope, scholar, or ecumenical council to explain the real meaning of any part of the Bible.

</doc>
<doc id="19501311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19501311" title="Inchoate lien">
Inchoate lien

An Inchoate lien is a lien in which the terms or procedures remain undefined or unfinished.
This type of lien is easily vacated or revoked in the case where the applicable judgment no longer applies.

</doc>
<doc id="19501323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19501323" title="1961 Aintree 200">
1961 Aintree 200

The 6th Aintree 200 was a motor race, run to Formula One rules, held on 22 April 1961 at Aintree Circuit, England. The race was run over 50 laps of the circuit, and was won by Australian driver Jack Brabham in a Cooper T55. 

</doc>
<doc id="19501325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19501325" title="1994 Waldbaum's Hamlet Cup – Singles">
1994 Waldbaum's Hamlet Cup – Singles

Marc Rosset was the defending champion, but lost in the second round to Renzo Furlan.
Yevgeny Kafelnikov won in the final 5–7, 6–1, 6–2, against Cédric Pioline.

</doc>
<doc id="19501354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19501354" title="Hemphillia">
Hemphillia

Hemphillia is a genus of air-breathing land slugs, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Arionidae, the roundback slugs.
The generic name "Hemphillia" is in honor of an American malacologist Henry Hemphill (1830–1914).
At least some species of this genus are known as jumping slugs due to their behavior when threatened. At such times, they "jump" by coiling up and straightening out repeatedly in rapid succession.
Species.
Species in the genus "Hemphillia" include: 

</doc>
<doc id="19501393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19501393" title="String Duo No. 2 (Mozart)">
String Duo No. 2 (Mozart)

Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's String Duo No. 2 in B-flat major for violin and viola, K. 424, the second of the two Mozart wrote to complete Michael Haydn's set of six for the Archbishop Colloredo, was written in the summer of 1783. It is in three movements:
The last movement is a theme with six variations and a coda. As a whole, this duo blends in better with Haydn's four because the viola is more limited to providing harmony than in K. 423. The set of six was presented as all Haydn's, and Colloredo was unable to "detect in them Mozart's obvious workmanship."

</doc>
<doc id="19501394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19501394" title="Mary Street, Brisbane">
Mary Street, Brisbane

Mary Street is a major road in the Brisbane central business district. The street is one of a number that were named after female queens and princesses of the royal family shortly after the penal colony was settled. Charlotte Street is positioned parallel to the north and Margaret Street runs next to the south.
Mary Street begins in the Government Precinct at a T-intersection with George Street opposite the Executive Building. Also at the elevated southern end is Education House containing state government offices and the Department of Mines and Energy, Queensland are located opposite in the Queensland Minerals & Energy Centre. Felix Tower is located on the corner of Mary and Felix Streets. Waterfront Place and Forestry House are nearby in the lower northern section, close to the river.
Vision Brisbane is a residential skyscraper under construction on Mary Street. It will be the tallest building in the city and state of Queensland.
Mary Street was home to the first premises used by the Queensland Club, before moving to the corner of George Street and Alice Street. 
Heritage listings.
A number of buildings in Mary Street are heritage-listed:

</doc>
<doc id="19501433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19501433" title="Wreck of the Tennessee Gravy Train">
Wreck of the Tennessee Gravy Train

The "Wreck of the Tennessee Gravy Train" is a folk song about politicians and bank failures. It is based on a true incident in Tennessee in 1930. After a scandal involving awarding contracts without bids, Henry Horton was re-elected governor of Tennessee. The Caldwell Company Bank collapsed soon afterward, leaving the state 6 million dollars in debt. An impeachment attempt against Horton was unsuccessful, but he did not run for an additional term. The affair also ruined the career of Senator Luke Lea.

</doc>
<doc id="19501445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19501445" title="The Best of Jim Diamond">
The Best of Jim Diamond

The Best of Jim Diamond is a compilation album of tracks from Scottish singer-songwriter Jim Diamond's first two solo albums "Double Crossed" and "Desire for Freedom", along with B-sides.

</doc>
<doc id="19501468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19501468" title="Ronnie Brown (disambiguation)">
Ronnie Brown (disambiguation)

Ronnie Brown may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19501512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19501512" title="Arílson">
Arílson

Arílson Gilberto da Costa (born 11 June 1973 in Bento Gonçalves) is a Brazilian football player who currently plays for 14 de Julho. He has formerly played for Esportivo de Bento Gonçalves, Grêmio, Kaiserslautern, Internacional, Palmeiras, Real Valladolid, Universidad de Chile, 15 de Novembro, Portuguesa (SP), América Mineiro, Club Santa Fe, Mogi Mirim and Atlético Tubarão. He also represented the Brazilian national side in seven international games between 1995 and 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="19501568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19501568" title="I ljus och mörker">
I ljus och mörker

"I ljus och mörker" is a single from 2004 by Viktoria Krantz och Martin Stenmarck.
The song entered "Svensktoppen" on 8 February 2004.
The song also appears on the album "Musikäventyret Arn De Gothia".

</doc>
<doc id="19501598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19501598" title="Souled and Healed">
Souled and Healed

Souled and Healed is the 2005 comeback album from Jim Diamond, his first studio album since 1994's Sugarolly Days. He would promote this album in the UK and Europe intermittently with saxophone player Snake Davis as The Blue Shoes.

</doc>
<doc id="19501611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19501611" title="Croatian parliamentary election, 1908">
Croatian parliamentary election, 1908

Croatian parliamentary elections were held on February 27 and 28, 1908. The elections were called early under ban Pavao Rauch.

</doc>
<doc id="19501614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19501614" title="Theodore Roosevelt Memorial Park">
Theodore Roosevelt Memorial Park

Theodore Roosevelt Memorial Park is a park in the hamlet of Oyster Bay, New York, honoring President Theodore Roosevelt, 26th President of the United States.
History.
Land that the Theodore Roosevelt Memorial Park presently occupies used to be one of the most unsightly spots in the village; a marshy dumping ground dotted with rundown shacks. For several hundred years the salt marsh had been used for swing cattle, but by the end of the 19th century, squatters had begun to live on the land.
Rail passengers arriving to the newly built Oyster Bay Railroad Station got a birds-eye view of refuse and derelict shanties. One of those passengers was Theodore Roosevelt a frequent commuter on the Long Island Railroad when he served as President of the New York City Board of Police Commissioners. Though at the time he had no idea that this would become be a waterfront park dedicated in his names T. R. once said "I wish that we citizens of Oyster Bay could make here a breathing place for all the people of this neighborhood especially the less fortunate ones."
A non-partisan "Roosevelt Permanent Memorial National Committee" was formed on January 10, 1919, just days after Roosevelt's death on January 6. The committee met again in New York City on March 24, 1919, and founded the Roosevelt Memorial Association, which was incorporated by Act of Congress, May 31, 1920, "to perpetuate the memory of Theodore Roosevelt for the benefit of the people of the United States of America and the world."
The Roosevelt Memorial Association had written into its charter three primary goals: to establish a "monumental memorial" to TR in the nation's capital, Washington, D.C.; to develop a public park in Oyster Bay, New York; and to raise funds for and maintain an association "to promote the development and application of the policies and ideals of Theodore Roosevelt for the benefit of the American people." 
The second goal to form a public park in Oyster bay helped to bring about a merger of a local Long Island group that was formed to honor Roosevelt with the national association. Though the job of purchasing the lands needed took many long years. The Townsend family quickly sold a parcel of land for the project at a reasonable price but another large section was much harder to acquire. Suddenly the worthless marsh was a valuable commodity. During the six-year-long quest to reach an agreement with the landowner the Town decided to officially use it as the Town Dump.
After all, they reasoned, they would have to fill in the land with something; and the town’s garbage had to be put somewhere as well. In 1925 a judge settled the legal issuers and the Town was able to purchase the additional parklands and proceed with the transformation from dump to manicured park.
The shacks of the Oyster Bay Lumber Company, whose operations were on the site, was relocated, and the mammoth job of straightening the shoreline, grading the land, and building the seawall began.
Finally in May 1928 a dedication ceremony for the new Theodore Roosevelt Memorial Park was held, attended by over 5,000 people, complete with a parade and a flyover by planes which dropped bouquets of flowers at the waters edge.
Later, in 1942, the park was donated by the Theodore Roosevelt Association to the Town of Oyster Bay.
Park Layout and Configuration.
The park was originally designed along an east and west, and a north and south axis. The west side of the park became used for physical activities and presently contains tennis courts, a softball field, children's play area, and large parking lot.
The east side consists of radiating pathways in a geometric pattern leading from the park entrance on Railroad Ave northwards to the water where a large flagpole stands in a plaza area. This and the area immediately to the west is known as Zone "B" - designated for memorial purposes and quiet recreational activities.
Among the memorials present are a stone with plaque honoring TR at the park entrance, a Theodore Roosevelt Monument Assemblage with stones and artifacts drawn from important times of Roosevelt's life and highlighting his service to New York City, the State of New York, the United States, and the world. A fountain is adjacent to the Theodore Roosvelt Monument Assemblage with water flowing in two directions from a central raised rectangular sculptural section.
Just east of these two memorials is a marina. A parking lot and picnic area with several pavilions is located immediately south of the marina and north of the railroad tracks nearby.

</doc>
<doc id="19501631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19501631" title="Airline liveries and logos">
Airline liveries and logos

Airline aircraft liveries and logos are used to provide distinctive branding for corporate and commercial reasons. They also have to combine powerful symbols of national identity while being acceptable to an international market.
Animals.
Birds.
Other airlines which use non-specific birds include Kuwait Airways, Biman Bangladesh and Ukraine International Airlines.
Unpopular designs.
British Airways introduced varied and unusual tailfin designs in 1997. These "airline liveries and logos" were intended to make the airline's branding more cosmopolitan and were described as "arty" and "ethnic". They were unpopular with many customers and also caused confusion for ground controllers who had more difficulty recognising the British Airways ethnic liveries aircraft to give clear taxiing instructions. Despite the £60M expense of this livery, it was replaced completely in 2001 and the airline has now returned to a more traditional design based upon the Union flag.
Brussels Airlines first logo was a stylised letter B composed of 13 dots resembling a runway. This was thought to be unlucky and protests by superstitious passengers caused the airline to add another dot.

</doc>
<doc id="19501639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19501639" title="List of enterprise search vendors">
List of enterprise search vendors


</doc>
<doc id="19501646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19501646" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 1500 metres T46">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 1500 metres T46

The Men's 1,500m T46 had its First Round held on September 9 at 9:55 and the Final on September 10 at 18:46.

</doc>
<doc id="19501664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19501664" title="Grey's Anatomy (season 5)">
Grey's Anatomy (season 5)

The fifth season of the American television medical drama "Grey's Anatomy", created by Shonda Rhimes, commenced airing on American Broadcasting Company (ABC) in the United States on September 25, 2008 and concluded on May 14, 2009 with twenty-four aired episodes. The season follows the story of a group of surgeons as they go through their residency, while they also deal with the personal challenges and relationships with their mentors. Season five had thirteen series regulars with twelve of them returning from the previous season. The season aired in the Thursday night timeslot at 9:00 pm. The season was officially released on DVD as seven-disc boxset under the title of "Grey's Anatomy: The Complete Fifth Season – More Moments" on September 9, 2009 by Buena Vista Home Entertainment.
Crew.
The season was produced by Touchstone Television ABC Studios, The Mark Gordon Company, ShondaLand, and was distributed by Buena Vista International, Inc.. The executive producers were creator Shonda Rhimes, Betsy Beers, Mark Gordon, Krista Vernoff, Rob Corn, Mark Wilding, Joan Rater, and James D. Parriott. The regular directors were Rob Corn, Eric Stoltz, and Tom Verica.
Cast.
The fifth season had thirteen roles receiving star billing, with twelve of them returning from the previous season, eight of which part of the original cast from the first season. All of the thirteen regulars portray surgeons who work in the fictional Seattle Grace Hospital. Ellen Pompeo continued her role as protagonist and narrator of the series, Dr. Meredith Grey, a resident physician and a surgeon. Sandra Oh played resident Dr. Cristina Yang, best friend of Meredith and fellow surgeon. Katherine Heigl portrayed resident Dr. Isobel "Izzie" Stevens whose previous relationship with the now deceased patient Denny Duquette threatens her career once again. Justin Chambers acted as surgical resident Dr. Alexander "Alex" Karev who becomes Izzie's husband, while T.R. Knight portrayed Dr. George O'Malley, an insecure resident whose sensitive personality puts his life in danger. General surgeon and Chief Resident Dr. Miranda Bailey was portrayed by Chandra Wilson, while general surgeon and Chief of Surgery Dr. Richard Webber was played by James Pickens, Jr. Sara Ramirez portrayed orthopedic surgeon Dr. Calliope "Callie" Torres whose storylines during the season revolve around her recently discovered bisexuality. Eric Dane's character, plastic surgeon Dr. Mark Sloan, begins a relationship with intern Dr. Lexie Grey, Meredith's half-sister portrayed by Chyler Leigh. Brooke Smith appeared in seven episodes as cardiothoracic surgeon Dr. Erica Hahn, Callie's love interest, who eventually resigns and moves away. Patrick Dempsey portrayed neurosurgeon Dr. Derek Shepherd whose relationship with Meredith Grey is the series' main storyline.
Although originally introduced as a recurring character in the season premiere, trauma surgeon Dr. Owen Hunt was promoted to a series regular in the fourteenth episode of the season "Beat Your Heart Out". He was portrayed by Kevin McKidd and was conceived as a love interest to resident Cristina Yang. Originally only signed onto the show until December 2008, Kevin McKidd was upgraded to regular status after appearing in five episodes. Shonda Rhimes said, "I am excited to have Kevin McKidd joining us for the season, he’s been a delight to collaborate with and brings incredible passion, talent and creativity to his work." Weeks after Hunt's first appearance on the show, Matt Roush of TVGuide comments that "Hunt/McKidd is the most encouraging thing to happen to "Grey's Anatomy" in quite a while." Robert Rorke of the New York Post states that McKidd was brought in as Hunt to "boost the sagging fortunes" of the show's ratings. Kelley L. Carter of USA Today, describes Hunt as "hardcore" and "the antithesis of the other males on the show."
Numerous supporting characters have been given expansive and recurring appearances in the progressive storyline, including: Melissa George as Sadie Harris, Kimberly Elise as Dr. Jo Swender, Jessica Capshaw as Dr. Arizona Robbins, Amy Madigan as Dr. Wyatt, Mary McDonnell as Dr. Virginia Dixon, Eric Stoltz as William Dunn, Jennifer Westfeldt as Jen Harmon, Ben Shenkman as Rob Harmon, Shannon Lucio as Amanda and Samantha Mathis as Melinda. Jeffrey Dean Morgan reappeared as the deceased Denny Duquette in Izzie's hallucinations due to a brain tumor. Former series regular Kate Walsh returned to the show with a special guest star billing as Dr. Addison Montgomery along with fellow "Private Practice" stars Audra McDonald portraying Naomi Bennett, Taye Diggs in the role of Sam Bennett and Grant Show portraying Dr. Archer Montgomery. Tyne Daly also appeared receiving a special guest star in the role of Carolyn Maloney Shepherd, Derek's mother, while Hector Elizondo appeared as Carlos Torres, Callie's father.
Reception.
While few critics weighed in their point of view on the fourth season, several had opinions on the fifth season. Alan Sepinwall from the "Newark Star-Ledger" said "Overall, it feels more like the good old days than "Grey's" has in a long time" referring to season five. Also regarding season five, Misha Davenport from "Chicago Sun-Times" said "Tonight's premiere hits on all the things the show does so well. There is romance, heartbreak, humor and a few moments that will move fans to tears." Robert Bianco from "USA Today" said "Happily, it now seems to have landed on solid ground, with its best ensemble and most engaging stories in years" regarding the show's seventh season. Chandra Wilson won the 2009 "NAACP Outstanding Actress in a Drama Series" for her portrayal of Dr. Miranda Bailey during the season. 
The return of Izzie's deceased fiancé Denny and the resumption of their romance during the season also proved unpopular with fans, and was deemed "the world's worst storyline" by Mary McNamara of the "Los Angeles Times". McNamara was also critical of the episode "Now or Never", which saw Izzie flatline following neurosurgery, opining that Izzie ought to die. The episode in which Izzie married long-term love Alex received 15.3 million viewers, the largest television audience of the night.
Izzie's cancer storyline received a mixed response from the medical community. Otis Brawley, chief medical officer at the American Cancer Society, commented that Izzie's treatment options were unrealistic. Whereas in the show she was offered the drug interleukin-2, in reality the drug is never recommended to patients when melanoma has spread to the brain, as it can cause bleeding and strokes. Brawley explained that such patients would instead be offered radiosurgery. Conversely however, Tim Turnham, executive director of the Melanoma Research Foundation, praised "Grey's Anatomy" for bringing about greater public awareness of melanoma, stating: "We welcome the national spotlight "Grey's Anatomy" has created for melanoma and its efforts to encourage viewers to learn more about the importance of prevention, early detection and research."
Episodes.
The number in the "No. in series" column refers to the episode's number within the overall series, whereas the number in the "No. in season" column refers to the episode's number within this particular season. "U.S. viewers in millions" refers to the number of Americans in millions who watched the episodes live. The fifth season's episodes are altogether 1080 minutes in length.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
DVD release.
The fifth season was released as a widescreen seven-disc Region 1 DVD box set in the USA on September 15, 2009, with the title "Grey's Anatomy: The Complete Fifth Season – More Moments". Each of these releases also contained DVD extras, including footage from behind the scenes, deleted scenes and extended episodes. The same set was released on November 4, 2009 in Region 4 and on August 23, 2010 in Region 2. 

</doc>
<doc id="19501673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19501673" title="Hilarion Capucci">
Hilarion Capucci

Hilarion Capucci (born 2 March 1922) is the retired titular archbishop of Caesarea for the Melkite Greek Catholic Church. He was born in Aleppo, Syria. During his time in office, he was an opponent of Israel, aligning himself with the Palestinians. 
On 20 July, 1947, he was ordained a priest of the Basilian Alepian Order. On 30 July, 1965, he was appointed archbishop and consecrated. 
Arrest and Imprisonment.
On August 18, 1974 he was arrested by Israeli police for smuggling weapons into the West Bank in a Mercedes sedan. He was subsequently convicted by an Israeli court of using his diplomatic status to smuggle arms to the Palestine Liberation Army and sentenced to 12 years in prison. 
Maximos V, the patriarch of the Melkite Church, was a vocal critic of Capucci's imprisonment. He was quoted as saying, "Is this Bishop reprehensible if he thought it was his duty to bear arms? If we go back in history we find other bishops who smuggled weapons, gave their lives and committed other illegal actions to save Jews from Nazi occupation. I do not see why a man who is ready to save Arabs should be condemned." Maximos also asserted that Israel had entered East Jerusalem illegally and against United Nations resolutions.
Capucci was among the prisoners whose release was demanded by Palestinian hijackers of the Kfar Yuval hostage crisis in 1975, and of German and Palestinian hijackers of Air France Flight 139 (the Entebbe hostage crisis), in 1976. 
He was released two years later, in 1978, due to intervention by the Vatican, after having served four years of the 12-years sentence. 
Negotiating the 1976 Iran Hostage Crisis.
Capucci played a key role during the Iran hostage crisis. He made several visits to the hostages, and in early May 1980 he obtained the release of the bodies of the American soldiers who had died in the refueling accident during the rescue mission. Capucci also negotiated an agreement for the release of the hostages, but the plan collapsed because the French press published the story before the agreement had been approved by Iran's Parliament.
Opposition to the 2003 Iraq War.
An opponent of the Iraq War, Capucci wrote the foreword for the book "Neo-Conned!: Just War Principles a Condemnation of War in Iraq", by John Sharpe. 
Participation aboard the 2009 Gaza Aid Ship.
In 2009, Capucci was on a Lebanese ship bound for Gaza which was seized by Israeli forces when the ship attempted to violate the Israeli naval blockade.
Participation in the 2010 Gaza Flotilla.
In May 2010 Capucci participated in Free Gaza Movement's aid flotilla to the Gaza Strip (see also Gaza flotilla raid). He was a passenger on "MV Mavi Marmara", which was seized in the early hours of Monday 31 May by the Israeli Navy, with nine people killed and many injured. He was held in Beersheba prison and deported. During a reception for the return of the "Mavi Marmara" to Istanbul, he gave a speech to the assembly.
Honors by Muslim Countries.
The governments of Iraq, Egypt, Libya, Sudan and Syria have honored Capucci with postage stamps. 
Other.
On June 14, 2009, he spoke at the American-Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee (ADC) convention annual Palestine Luncheon.

</doc>
<doc id="19501685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19501685" title="Cuéntame cómo pasó">
Cuéntame cómo pasó

Cuéntame cómo pasó (), also known as Cuéntame, is a Spanish television series which has been broadcast by the Spanish public TV channel TVE1 since 2001. Its original name ("Tell me") had to be changed for copyright reasons. 
The series recounts the experiences of a middle-class family, the Alcántaras (in Spanish "Los Alcántara"), during the last years of the rule of Francisco Franco and the beginning of the Spanish Transition to democracy. Its name comes from a famous song by the Spanish 1960s pop group Fórmula V, titled "Tell Me." The producer of the series is Miguel Ángel Bernardeau. 
The series was created to celebrate the first 25 years since Spain's transition to democracy, and its didactic spirit is clearly evident in some of the episodes. It includes documentary interviews with historical figures of the era, such as people concerned with the assassination of then prime minister Carrero Blanco and the death of Franco. 
The first episode was broadcast on September 13, 2001. The series begins in April 1968 with the victory in the Eurovision song contest of the singer Massiel. The story reflects changes in Spain beginning in that year.
In December 2008, TVE and Ganga Group announced that the series, in its 10th season, had achieved very good audience levels, and would be renewed for up to 3 more seasons, with the storyline moving firmly into the 1980s and the "Movida madrileña". 
Through situations, characters, and attitudes of the era, the series evokes a wistful reminiscence of those times. In this respect it can be compared to the series The Wonder Years, which did the same thing for US history, or "Temps de silenci" (Catalan: "Times of silence": a series about Catalonia after the Spanish Civil War).
This series influenced the Portuguese series Conta-me como foi, which starts the same year (1968) and goes to 1974, the year of the 25 de Abril. It has the participation of Portuguese actors such as Rita Blanco and Miguel Guilherme.

</doc>
<doc id="19501699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19501699" title="The Harmony Skirmish">
The Harmony Skirmish

The Harmony Skirmish was a small engagement of the American Civil War between Confederate forces under Colonel John Mosby and Union forces under Colonel Marcus Reno on March 21st, 1865 near the village of Harmony (present day Hamilton) in Loudoun County, Virginia. A union raiding party, that was sent into Loudoun County to eliminate Confederate partisans, was ambushed by Mosby's Rangers near the village of Harmony. After inflicting light casualties on the Federals, the Rangers were unable to drive off the numerically superior and better equipped force and were compelled to withdrawal. The skirmish, which was the last major action of the war within Loudoun, was tactically inconclusive.
Background.
On the afternoon of March 20th Col. Reno, commanding a 1000 man expedition, consisting of the Loudoun Rangers, 12th Pennsylvania Cavalry, 1st United States Infantry and 2 pieces of light artillery, set out from Harpers Ferry into Loudoun County on a mission to obtain forage and clear the Loudoun Valley of partisans. The column entered Loudoun in the Between the Hills valley and marched through Hillsboro and Woodgrove, reaching Purcellville on the morning of the 21st. The column was under near continuous sniping fire from Confederate partisans during the march, 5 of which were captured at Hillsboro. 
The Federal incursion did not go unnoticed to John Mosby's scouts and accordingly he ordered a rendezvous of his Rangers the following morning. On the 21st Mosby, with 128 Rangers, set out north from upper Fauquier to confront the Federals.
The Skirmish.
Around midday, Mosby reached Harmony, whereupon he learned the Federals were located west in Purcellville. Unsure of the strength of the opposing force, Mosby lead his Rangers approximately southeast of the village. He deployed the main body of his force in a woods south of the road while leaving 24 Rangers under Jim Wiltshire on the road as bait for an ambush. The 12th Pennsylvania soon came upon the Wiltshires men, and taking them to be an isolated band of partisans of the nature that the Federals had been fighting with since entering Loudoun, immediately charged. Wiltshire's force broke into retreat until they reached the woods where the rest of the Rangers were concealed, at which point they suddenly turned around and counter-attacked the Federals. At the same time the rest of the Rangers came out of the woods and assailed the Federal flank. The 12th Pennsylvania briefly made a stand but was soon compelled to retreat. 
The Rangers broke after them, but as they reached Harmony they encountered the Federal infantry who were concealed behind a hedgerow. The infantry met the Rangers with a fierce volley that wounded and killed several and forced most of the rest to fall back. A few daring Rangers pursued the Federals further, including James Sinclair, who after killing one Federal, saw he wore a diamond ring. In the midst of the fight Sinclair jumped from his horse to pull the ring from the body, when it would not budge he cut the finger off. Mosby soon called of the Rangers and fell back towards Fauquier. He would continue to shadow the Federals as they ranged through Loudoun and Fauquier for the next 3 days, though no significant fighting between the two took place.
Results.
In the brief fight the Rangers killed 9 Federals, wounded 20 and took 5 prisoners while suffering 2 killed 5 wounded and 4 captured, including Ranger John Chew, who was paralyzed by gunfire in the fight and left behind when the Rangers fell back. The fight did little to deter the Federal incursion, nor did the Rangers inflict the severe casualties that was a characteristic of most of their raids, but the engagement is significant in that it represents the last fight of any size in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="19501733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19501733" title="Kaiser Naseem">
Kaiser Naseem

Kaiser H. Naseem (Urdu: کاسر نسئم) is an investment banker. he heads the Bank Advisory Services unit of the International Finance Corporation where he is responsible for providing advisory services to banks and other financial institutions. Previously he was the founder, president and CEO of Pakistan's SME Bank, and is perhaps best known for this particular achievement. Mr. Naseem has served on the boards of several companies both in Pakistan and abroad. He is a member of the Canadian Institute of Corporate Directors. He is also on the board of directors of the ISE (Islamabad Stock Exchange).
__FORCETOC__ __TOC__
Education and early life.
After completing his intermediate education (FSc pre-engineering) in Pakistan, Mr. Kaiser Haneef Naseem studied at the Moscow Institute of Steel and Alloys MISIS in Russia from September, 1971 to June, 1978 from where he obtained an MS degree in Metallurgical Engineering. During this period he also completed a one- year course in the Russian Language which he understands, speaks and writes fluently. He later undertook business studies at the Asian Institute of Management in Manila from where he obtained a Masters degree in Management in May, 1984.
Mr. Naseem started his career in July, 1978 at the Pakistan Steel Mills in Karachi where he worked as an Executive Engineer up to July, 1982 and as a Superintending Engineer from July 1982 till June, 1984.
From July 1984 till December 1989 Mr. Naseem worked in the projects division of the National Development Finance Corporation (NDFC) in Karachi, initially as an Assistant Vice President (up to May, 1987) and later as a Vice President.
In January, 1990 Mr. Naseem commenced work for the Bank of Oman in Dubai from where he returned to Pakistan in August, 1991 to establish two financial institutions — an investment bank and a leasing company — in the private sector for a group of investors. 
He later headed the leasing company as its first Managing Director till joining the International Finance Corporation in October, 1992.
Mr. Naseem was a member of the first IFC delegation to visit the newly independent states of Central Asia in October, 1992. Since then he has been instrumental in facilitating IFC investments in that region, especially in the capital markets sector and in developing and supporting Small and Medium Enterprises. Mr. Naseem has played a very important developmental role in these countries in terms of educating the private sector on the principals of a free-market economy.
as
Post SME Bank.
In late 2002, Mr. Naseem partnered up with the AMZ Group - a leading Pakistani conglomerate - to form a financial and management consultancy firm, named AMZ-KHN Consulting (Now part of AMZ Securities). AMZ-KHN Consulting had offices located in Pakistan (Karachi and Islamabad) and Canada (Richmond Hill and Mississauga).

</doc>
<doc id="19501770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19501770" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 5000 metres T46">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 5000 metres T46

The Men's 5,000m T46 had its Final held on September 13 at 10:05.

</doc>
<doc id="19501771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19501771" title="Low Water (band)">
Low Water (band)

Low Water is a rock band based in Brooklyn, NY. Originally started in San Francisco, CA, the band relocated to the Williamsburg section of Brooklyn. The band's most recent cd is called, "The Taste You Know and Enjoy". The songs "Voodoo Taxi", "She Shined Down" and "House In The City", appear in several episodes of PBS's documentary show Roadtrip Nation.
The band created a mobile photobooth in order to produce a video for the song "Sister, Leave Me" from their second CD entitled "Who Said That Life Is Over?". The band's fourth CD, "The Taste You Know and Enjoy" was released on January 15, 2011, and has a seven-syllable title like the previous three CDs. The third track on the CD, "I Amplify", contains a Shepard tone at 1:00, and again at 2:07. The band discuses it in an interview with American Songwriter. The eighth track, "Centralia" is named after a ghost town in Pennsylvania which is the site of an underground mine fire. The song is a musical palindrome.
Former TechTV personalities Morgan Webb, Catherine Schwartz, Sarah Lane, Laura Swisher, Chi-Lan Lieu, and Sumi Das appeared in the band's music video "Strange New Element". In addition to appearing in the video, Morgan, Chi-Lan and Laura are featured in the artwork of the band's first album, "Hard Words In A Speakeasy".

</doc>
<doc id="19501784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19501784" title="Nadine McInnis">
Nadine McInnis

Nadine McInnis is a Canadian author of poetry, short stories and essays.
McInnis was born in Belleville, Ontario in September, 1957, and grew up in Toronto and Ottawa. She attended Colonel By Secondary School, where she began a lifelong friendship with the novelist, playwright and actor Ann-Marie MacDonald. She studied English Literature at the University of Ottawa, and after spending two years on Thunderchild Reserve, Saskatchewan and another two years on a farm near Livelong, Saskatchewan, she returned to Ottawa. She has two children, Nadia (born 1982) and Owen(born 1988), and is married to Tim Fairbairn.
Among her seven books, "Two Hemispheres" (Brick Books, Fall 2007) is a book length poetic exploration of illness and health partially inspired by the first medical photographs of women patients of the Surrey County Lunatic Asylum in 1850. Ten photos are included. The book has been shortlisted for two national awards: the 2008 Pat Lowther Award and the 2008 ReLit Award, as well as the regional Archibald Lampman Award for the city of Ottawa.
McInnis' work has appeared in a variety of journals, including "The Malahat Review", "The New Quarterly", "Event", and "Room of One's Own". McInnis has published widely in magazines in Canada and is a past winner of a CBC literary award and the Ottawa Book Award. She joined the faculty of Algonquin College in 2006, after working as a policy analyst in the Canadian federal government where she focused on the publishing industries in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="19501789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19501789" title="Charles Leonard Hamblin">
Charles Leonard Hamblin

Charles Leonard Hamblin (1922 – 14 May 1985) was an Australian philosopher, logician, and computer pioneer, as well as a professor of philosophy at the New South Wales University of Technology (now the University of New South Wales) in Sydney.
Among his most well-known achievements in the area of computer science was the introduction of Reverse Polish Notation and the use in 1957 of a push-down pop-up stack. This preceded the work of Friedrich Ludwig Bauer and Klaus Samelson on use of a push-pop stack. The stack had been invented by Alan Turing in 1946 when he introduced such a stack in his design of the ACE computer. Hamblin's most well-known contribution to philosophy is his book "Fallacies", a standard work in the area of the false conclusions in logic.
Career and life.
Interrupted by the Second World War and radar service in the Australian Air Force, Hamblin's studies included mathematics, physics, and philosophy at the University of Melbourne, and he obtained a doctorate in 1957 at the London School of Economics. From 1955, he was lecturer at N.S.W. University of Technology, and later professor of philosophy at the same place, until his death in 1985, during which time the organization had been renamed The University of New South Wales.
In the second half of the 1950s, Hamblin worked with the third computer available in Australia, a DEUCE computer manufactured by the English Electric Company. For the DEUCE, he designed one of the first programming languages, later called GEORGE, which was based on Reverse Polish Notation. His associated compiler (language translator) translated the programs formulated in GEORGE into the machine language of the computer, in 1957.
Hamblin's work is considered to be the first to use Reverse Polish Notation, and this is why he is called an inventor of this representation method. Regardless of whether Hamblin independently invented the notation and its usage, he showed the merit, service, and advantage of the Reverse Polish way of writing programs for the processing on programmable computers and algorithms to make it happen.
The second direct result of his work with the development of compilers was the concept of the push-pop stack (previously invented by Alan M. Turing for the ACE in 1945), which Hamblin developed independently of Friedrich Ludwig Bauer and Klaus Samelson, and for which in 1957 he was granted a patent for the use of a push-pop stack for the translation by programming languages. [reference?] In the same year, 1957, Hamblin presented his stack concept at the first Australian Computer Conference. The compiler was running before that conference. Hamblin's work had an impact on the development of stack-based computers, their machine instructions, their arguments on a stack, and reference addresses. The design was taken up by English Electric in their KDF9 computer, delivered in 1963.
Into the 1960s, Hamblin again increasingly turned to philosophical questions. Besides writing an influential introductory book into the formal logic which is today a standard work on fallacies. It dedicated itself to the treatment of false conclusions by the traditional logic and brought in it formal dialectic and developed it further. As such, Hamblin is considered as one the founders of the modern informal logic.
Hamblin contributed to the development of modern temporal logic in two ways. In its very early period he corresponded with Arthur Prior between 1958 and 1965; this collaboration culminated with the so-called Hamblin implications. Later in 1972 Hamblin independently rediscovered a form of duration calculus (interval logic), without being aware of the 1947 work of A. G. Walker on this topic, who was not interested in the tense aspect. Hamblin's duration calculus is very similar to that later developed by James Allen and Patrick J. Hayes in mid 1980s.
In addition to ancient Greek, Hamblin was familiar with several Asian and Pacific languages. A classical music lover who played the piano, Hamblin was setting words of Wittgenstein to music while hospitalized with an affliction that proved fatal.

</doc>
<doc id="19501818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19501818" title="Cobblestone House">
Cobblestone House

Cobblestone House or Cobblestone Farmhouse can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19501826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19501826" title="Saleh Nu'eimeh">
Saleh Nu'eimeh

Saleh Mohammed Nu'eimah is a Saudi Arabian soccer player.
Career.
Saleh Nu'eimah began his career on the morning of Sunday, 4 October 1976. He remained a reserve for a year and played his first game in 1977.
He scored his first goal in the return of its founder athletes Abdul Rahman bin Said, the first sign of a bright future. He was selected for the national team in 1979 - record time for such selection.
He was a key player in the 1984 AFC Asian Cup held in Singapore and was named in the all-star team after the 1988 AFC Asian Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19501852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19501852" title="Cobblestone House (Eau Claire, Wisconsin)">
Cobblestone House (Eau Claire, Wisconsin)

Cobblestone House in Eau Claire, Wisconsin is a Gothic Revival style house that was built in 1866. It reflects cobblestone architecture. It has also been known as Bradley H. Marcy House. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974; the listing included one contributing building and one other contributing structure.

</doc>
<doc id="19501863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19501863" title="Bryan Schwartz">
Bryan Schwartz

Bryan Schwartz (born December 5, 1971 in St. Lawrence, South Dakota) is a former American football linebacker in the National Football League. He was drafted by the Jacksonville Jaguars in the second round of the 1995 NFL Draft. He played college football at Augustana College. During his Senior season, Schwartz was nominated for the Dick Butkus Award, which goes to the nations best college linebacker.
In 2002, Schwartz and his wife appeared on an episode of "Trading Spaces". Designer Hildi Santo Tomàs covered their wall with over 4,000 wine labels. The Schwartzes—who say they told producers that they don't allow alcohol in their home—were not impressed. They wound up taking one month and $5,000 of their own money to undo Santo Tomás's vision.
He is currently lead pastor at Renovation Church in Broomfield, Colorado.

</doc>
<doc id="19501865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19501865" title="Chatsworth Community Church">
Chatsworth Community Church

Chatsworth Community Church is a Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument in the Chatsworth section of Los Angeles, California.
History.
The church was built in 1903 using volunteer labor. It was also used as the community's high school from 1906–1908. It was a center of community life in the early days of Chatsworth, serving as a haven from floods and fires. 
In 1958, its name was changed to the Chatsworth First Methodist Church. 
After the church was closed in 1963, it was left vacant and became the victim of vandalism. The church was "the last remaining community building" of old Chatsworth, and became threatened by development. 
In January 1963, it became only the fourteenth site to be designated as a Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument. In order to save it from demolition, the Chatsworth Historical Society raised $19,725 to move the church in 1965 from its original location at 10051 Topanga Canyon Boulevard to its present site on the grounds of Oakwood Memorial Park.
Today.
The building was saved, moved, and restored through the efforts of the Chatsworth Historical Society. The Oakwood Memorial Park Association allowed the building to be moved to the northwest corner of the cemetery and since November 15, 1981, the building has been occupied by the congregation of St. Mary the Virgin Anglican-Rite Catholic Church. On February 22, 1984, the Don Jose de Ortega Chapter of the Daughters of the American Revolution presented a bronze plaque to the church marking the building’s place in California history. They also presented an American Flag and a California Flag which rest on standards in the nave.
In 1982, The Right Reverend James Orin Mote, Bishop of the Los Angeles Diocese, consecrated the building for the Anglican-Rite Catholic Church.

</doc>
<doc id="19501875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19501875" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's marathon T46">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's marathon T46

The Men's Marathon T46 had its Final held on September 17 at 7:30.

</doc>
<doc id="19501883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19501883" title="Cobblestone House (Bath, New York)">
Cobblestone House (Bath, New York)

Cobblestone House is a historic home located at Bath in Steuben County, New York. It is a cobblestone building built in the Greek Revival style in 1851.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="19501896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19501896" title="Sgùrr na Coinnich">
Sgùrr na Coinnich

Sgùrr na Coinnich is the highest peak on the Sleat peninsula at the east end of the island of Skye. Together with its slightly lower neighbour, Beinn na Caillich, it overlooks the Skye Bridge that links the towns of Kyle of Lochalsh and Kyleakin. 
The maps suggest that the best starting point is the 278 metre Bealach Uday, which marks the highest point of the minor road from Broadford to Kylerhea and is less than 2 km from the summit. But the terrain immediately to the north of this point is very rough and covered by thick heather. A series of small but steep local ridges, separated by bogs and oriented perpendicular to the direction of the summit add further to the discomfort of the climber. An alternative and probably easier, albeit longer, route starts at Kylerhea and can include the summit of Beinn na Caillich. Higher up, the terrain becomes smoother and the vegetation shorter.

</doc>
<doc id="19501951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19501951" title="1972 Swedish Pro Tennis Championships">
1972 Swedish Pro Tennis Championships

The 1972 Swedish Pro Tennis Championships was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts. It was the 1st edition of Swedish Pro Tennis Championships, and was part of the 1972 World Championship Tennis circuit. It took place at the Scandinavium in Gothenburg, Sweden, from October 30 through November 5, 1972.
The singles line up featured Toronto, Las Vegas, St. Louis, Fort Worth, Alamo and Vancouver WCT winner John Newcombe, US Open runner-up, Louisville and Montreal WCT champion Arthur Ashe, and Chicago WCT finalist, Boston WCT and Stockholm finalist Tom Okker. Also competing were Cleveland WCT winner Mark Cox, Richmond, Miami, Las Vegas and Alamo WCT runner-up Cliff Drysdale, Marty Riessen, Robert Lutz and Nikola Pilić.

</doc>
<doc id="19502044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19502044" title="Abram Litton">
Abram Litton

Abram Litton was Washington University in St. Louis's first professor of chemistry who served as the acting chancellor during 1869–1870.

</doc>
<doc id="19502061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19502061" title="Zacchaeus (song)">
Zacchaeus (song)

Zacchaeus, sometimes Zaccheus, or Zacchaeus Was a Wee Little Man, or other variations, is a traditional Christian children's song. The song recounts the story of Zacchaeus as reported in Luke 19:1–10. As the song tells of Zacchaeus's attempts to see Jesus by climbing a sycamore tree, there are a series of hand motions that accompany the song. The song is one of the more popular children's Bible songs, and has been featured on numerous Christian children's music collections.
"Zacchaeus was a very little man ,
and a very little man was he.
He climbed up in a sycamore tree
For the Lord he wanted to see.
And when the Savior passed that way
He looked up in the tree.
And said, 'Zacchaeus, you come down!
For I'm going to your house today!
For I'm going to your house today!'
Zacchaeus was a very little man,
But a happy man was he,
For he had seen the Lord that day
And a happy man was he;
And a very happy man was he.”

</doc>
<doc id="19502069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19502069" title="1998 Chatham Cup">
1998 Chatham Cup

The 1998 Chatham Cup was the 71st annual nationwide knockout football competition in New Zealand.
Up to the last 16 of the competition, the cup was run in three regions (northern, central, and southern), with an open draw from the quarter-finals on. National League teams received a bye until the third round (last 64). In all, 130 teams took part in the competition. Note: Different sources give different numberings for the rounds of the competition. Some record six rounds prior to the quarter-finals; others note a preliminary round followed by five rounds proper.
In an early round of the competition, Norwest United were thrashed 21-0 by Metro - a competition record which still stands. It was equalled in 2005, when Central United scored 21 - again against the unfortunate Norwest United.
The 1998 final.
Central United easily won the 1998 final, beating Dunedin Technical 5-0.
The Jack Batty Memorial Cup is awarded to the player adjudged to have made to most positive impact in the Chatham Cup final. The winner of the 1998 Jack Batty Memorial Cup was Terry Torrens, team captain of Central United.

</doc>
<doc id="19502072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19502072" title="Rusty Chambers">
Rusty Chambers

Russell Francis Chambers (November 12, 1953 - July 1, 1981) was an American football linebacker. He played for the New Orleans Saints and the Miami Dolphins. He died in a car accident on July 1, 1981, near Hammond, Louisiana.

</doc>
<doc id="19502075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19502075" title="Orcutt Ranch Horticulture Center">
Orcutt Ranch Horticulture Center

The Orcutt Ranch Horticulture Center, formally known as Rancho Sombra del Roble, is a Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument (HCM #31) located in the West Hills section of Los Angeles, California, USA.
William Orcutt's vacation home.
Orcutt Ranch was the vacation and retirement estate of William Warren Orcutt, an early pioneer of oil production in California and the discoverer of one of the first prehistoric skeletons at the La Brea Tar Pits. The Rancho Sombra del Roble, Spanish for ""Ranch of the Shaded Oak"", was originally a cattle ranch and citrus orchard at the foot of the Simi Hills. Orcutt bought the property in 1917, and hired architect L.G. Knipe (who designed some of the original campus structures of Arizona State University) to design his home on the ranch. The residence, in the blend of Spanish Colonial Revival Style and Mission Revival Style architecture, was completed in approximately 1926. It features glazed tiles from Mexico and carved mahogany and walnut from the Philippines. Visitors are surprised to find that the design of the home prominently incorporates bas-relief Swastika architectural decoration. Mary Orcutt, William's wife, chose the symbol due to its connection with Native American traditions, and did so before the Nazis turned it into a symbol of anti-Semitism and genocide. President Herbert Hoover, who was a friend of the Orcutts, visited the ranch.
Acquisition and operation by the City.
A portion of the original estate, including the residence, gardens, oaks and citrus orchard, was designated as a Historic-Cultural Monument in January 1965. Those were purchased by the City of Los Angeles in 1966 for $400,000. The city-owned property includes a Spanish-style adobe residence, extensive gardens, oak trees hundreds of years old, Dayton Creek, nature trails, fruit orchards, rose gardens, community garden plots, picnic tables and a multitude of exotic trees, plants and shrubs. Some of the more unusual trees found at the ranch are Purple Lily Magnolias, Lady Palms ( Raphis excelsus ) native to Asia, Bunya Bunyas ( Araucaria bidwillii ) evergreen native to Australia with cones weighing up to ), Cork Oaks ( Quercus suber ), and one of the many Coast Live Oaks ( Quercus agrifolia ) measuring in circumference, believed to be 700 years old. For 53 years (1927–1980), Ernest Conrejo was employed as the property's caretaker and gardener. Cornejo was hired at age 17 to plant and tend to the exotic trees and plants; he continued in that job until he was ousted at age 70 from his lifetime home by the city.
The Los Angeles Recreation and Parks Department operates Orcutt Ranch, which is available to be rented for special events. It is also opened up for popular public fruit picks.

</doc>
<doc id="19502078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19502078" title="Sugarolly Days">
Sugarolly Days

Sugarolly Days is a 1994 album by Jim Diamond. It is a collection of Scottish folk songs. Gallagher & Lyle appear on several tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="19502132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19502132" title="Andreas Scheuerpflug">
Andreas Scheuerpflug

Andreas Scheuerpflug (born July 13, 1967 in Alpirsbach, Baden-Württemberg) is a German beach volleyball player. Scheuerpflug participated for Germany in both the 2000 and 2004 Summer Olympics. He partnered with Oliver Oetke in Sydney, and the pair failed to win a match. Scheuerpflug had more success in Athens, where he partnered with Christoph Dieckmann and won their pool, ultimately finishing in a tie for fifth place. In 2005 Scheuerpflug had a fight with his partner, Adam Braust. The fight was short-lived and ended about a month after it began. Professionally, Scheuerpflug won four career tournaments, all with Dieckmann.

</doc>
<doc id="19502149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19502149" title="Theodore Roosevelt Monument Assemblage">
Theodore Roosevelt Monument Assemblage

The Theodore Roosevelt Monument Assemblage is a collection of 24 stones and plaque located in the Theodore Roosevelt Memorial Park in Oyster Bay, New York. The stones and other objects are meant to each represent a "chapter" and together form a "book" telling the story of Theodore Roosevelt, 26th President of the United States.
Inscription from plaque, 1991.
The full text of the plaque from the 1991 rededication follows, with description of the monument as a whole and individual objects and stones:
ROOSEVELT MEMORIAL ROCKS
The Book of Theodore Roosevelt's Life Written in Rocks
Chapter 1. Born Oct. 27, 1858. Brick from 28 E 20 NYC Where Roosevelt was born. Presented by Women's Roosevelt Memorial Assn.
Chapter 2. Regaining his health granite step from house at Moosehead Lake, Maine, where young Roosevelt regained his health. 
Chapter 3. From Cambridge, Mass. Theodore Roosevelt's four years of college life. Presented by Harvard College.
Chapter 4. Baptismal in politics slate from Morton Hall, NYC. 21st District Republican Assembly Hall. Presented by family of Joe Murray.
Chapter 5. Assemblyman stone from Albany where Roosevelt entered government. Presented by City of Albany.
Chapter 6. Theodore Roosevelt in cowboy land. Boulder from Elkhorn Ranch, North Dakota. Presented February 1924 by Village of Medora.
Chapter 7. Civil Service commissioner of NYC stone from Roosevelt House. Presented by Police Captain Edward J. Bourke.
Chapter 8. Police Commissioner of NYC brick from Mulberry Street Station where Roosevelt made history. Presented by Mrs. Jacob Riis.
Chapter 9. Assistant Secretary of the Navy Boulder from Rock Creek Park in Washington, D.C. Presented by the city.
Chapter 10. Rough Riders to Victory boulder from San Juan Hill. Presented by J. Louis Shaefer.
Chapter 11. Governor of New York State stone from Camp Black in Montauk Point where he agreed to run for governor. Presented by the Town of North Hempstead.
Chapter 12. Reconstruction of the barge canals boulder from the Erie Canal in Herkimer. Presented by NY State Engineers office.
Chapter 13. Home of Theodore Roosevelt boulder from Sagamore Hill. Presented by Mrs. Edith Roosevelt.
Chapter 14. Vice President of the United States stone from the Philadelphia home where he was nominated Vice President. Presented by the city.
Chapter 15. From the Adirondacks where Theodore Roosevelt was when he became President of the United States. Presented August 1921 by P. Thure Brorstrom.
Chapter 16. Oath of office 1901 stone from Wilcox House, Buffalo, where he took the oath of office. Presented by James W. Dowsey.
Chapter 17. From Roosevelt Dam, Arizona. President Roosevelt preservation of the natural resources of the nation. Presented by City of Roosevelt, Arizona.
Chapter 18. The big coal strike piece of coal from the Pennsylvania anthracite mines where he conquered the strike. Presented by Gov. Gifford Pinchot.
Chapter 19. Greatest acquirement boulder from Culebra Cut Panama Canal. Presented by Mrs. Lillius Grace.
Chapter 20. Russo-Japanese War boulder from Portsmouth, N.H., where he settled the war. Presented by city.
Chapter 21. A native rock Theodore Roosevelt in his big stick and square deal. Presented August 1923 by city. 
Chapter 22. Battle fleet round world 7 inch shell from US Navy, for his biggest peace move. Presented by M. B. Brorstrom.
Chapter 23. Author and man bronze book representing the life of Theodore Roosevelt as author of 31 books. Presented by Mrs. Lillian Tatters Bussenius.
Chapter 24. Died January 6th 1919. 60 years, 2 months and 9 days.
Dedicated in Great Neck June 10, 1922
Rededicated when moved to Oyster Bay Oct. 25, 1947
Rededicated with this plaque June 23, 1991
While plaques for several individual stones in the monument are missing (8, 4, 18, 5, 1, 23, 16, 20, 17), text from remaining plaques follows:
Chapter 2. Step from house in Maine where young Roosevelt regained his health. Presented Feb. 1923 by W.W. Sewall.
Chapter 7. From New York City Theodore Roosevelt as Civil Service Commissioner. Presented Aug. 1923 by Capt. Edward J. Bourke.
Chapter 11. From Montauk Point where col. Roosevelt agreed to run as Governor of New York State. Presented March 1923 by Town of North Hempstead.
Chapter 21. A native rock. Theodore Roosevelt in his big stick and square deal. Presented Aug. 1923 by County of Nassau.
Chapter 22. From United States Navy, President Roosevelt's great peace move. Battle fleet round the world. Presented in 1921 by M.B. Brorstrom
Theodore Roosevelt Monument Assemblage Map.
Map with numbers showing location of stones by chapter:
History and Background.
At the heart of the monument is the first and largest of the boulders, dedicated on Palm Sunday, April 13, 1919. A plaque afixed to this stone reads:
Roosevelt Memorial Oak
to the Sacred Memory of 
THEODORE ROOSEVELT
the Great Americann
PRESIDENT of the UNITED STATES
1901-1908
Planted Palm Sunday 1919 A.D.
by Paul Brorstrom
Paul Brorstrom assembled a collection of boulders in his Kings Park estate to write the life of President Roosevelt in rocks. 
Three boulders formed the nucleus for the monument dedicated at his Great Neck estate on June 10, 1922. One boulder was taken from Sagamore Hill recognizing Roosevelt's ties to Oyster Bay where his home was located. The second boulder was taken from San Juan Hill where Col. Roosevelt led a famous charge with his Rough Riders in the Spanish American War. The final boulder from the Adirondack Mountains served as a reminder of where Roosevelt was upon being informed he would become president of the United States.
These were maintained in Kings Point by John Eggers, who, at the desire of the family, presented them to the town. The three original stones grew to a collection of 24 items including the first boulder dedicated immediately after Roosevelt's death, the three additional boulders dedicated in 1922, and several other boulders, stones, bricks, a large granite step, and other items relating to Roosevelt's life story and political accomplishments. 
Six stones are documented as having been added between 1921 and 1924. The first from the United States Navy, recognizing Roosevelt's "great peace move, battle fleet round the world" was presented in 1921 by M.B. Brorstrom. This is odd because this stone is not included among the three that were dedicated the next year in 1922.
The five remaining stones were added after the 1922 dedication. These include: Chapter 11 from Montauk Point, presented March 1923 by the Town of North Hempstead; Chapter 2 from the step of a house in Maine presented February 1923 by W.W. Sewall; Chapter 7 from New York City where Roosevelt served as Civil Service Commissioner presented August 1923 by Capt. Edward J. Bourke; Chapter 21 presented by Nassau County in August 1923; and Chapter 6 from North Dakota, presented February 1924 by the Village of Medora.
These six stones, the three that were dedicated in 1922, and the original stone dedicated Palm Sunday 1919 brought the total of stones up to ten. That would leave 14 additional stones that may have been added before 1924 and whose plaques are today missing, or that were added sometime after 1924 and whose plaques also are missing.
The expanded Theodore Roosevelt Monument was moved and rededicated at the Theodore Roosevelt Memorial Park in Oyster Bay on October 25, 1947. James L. Dowsey of Manhasset, former Nassau County attorney and Republican leader of the town of North Hempstead, who had made a dedication speech twenty-five years ago on the Brorstrom estate, was the principal speaker. The gathering was attended by 100 township officials, friends of the late President, members of his family, and a delegation of social science teachers of Nassau County headed by Jesse Merritt, county historian. Quentin Roosevelt, grandson of the former president and son of Brig. Gen. Theodore Roosevelt Jr., who died in the battlefield in Normandy in World War II, made an address of acceptance for the family. Supervisor Harry Tappen accepted the gift for the township.
The park had been presented formally by the Theodore Roosevelt Association to the Town of Oyster Bay on January 1, 1943. This was the perfect place to move the memorial, giving greater weight and meaning to "memorial" in the title "Theodore Roosevelt Memorial Park."
Further changes to the memorial involved more additions or re-arrangement of existing items between 1947 and present day. Evidence of this comes from a New York Times article published on October 26, 1947, that refers to "A rock from Wilcox House, Buffalo, makes Chapter 12." On the plaque as it stands in 2008, this same rock is indicated as part of Chapter 16, not 12.
Restoration and Maintenance Needs.
Information on the monument was compiled and included in the Smithsonian American Art Museum's Inventories of American Painting and Sculpture database in June 1994. Surveyors described the condition of the memorial as "treatment urgent."
Since that time no known work has been done to stabilize the monument. Several plaques describing the source of artifacts and stones have been removed and presumably stolen. The ground the memorial is situated upon tends to get moist very easily and standing water is frequently visible. Several of the stones have visible cracks, some of which are growing, and that might ultimately cause the stones to split. Attempts to repair other stones have left caulk and other filling materials that are out-of-character with the color and texture of the stone on which they are applied.

</doc>
<doc id="19502154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19502154" title="Brian Jones (politician)">
Brian Jones (politician)

Brian Jones is a Republican political and communications strategist in the United States. Jones most recently served as a senior communications adviser to John McCain's 2008 presidential campaign and is currently a managing director at Mercury Public Affairs.
Earlier political career.
Past jobs include research director for the NRCC, senior communications advisor to Bush-Cheney ’04, communications director for the RNC (2005), and communications director for John McCain's presidential campaign, a position Jones resigned in the summer of 2007. Jones also served as research director on Lamar Alexander's effort to win the 2000 Republican nomination for President 
Return to the McCain Campaign.
Jones returned to the McCain campaign in September, 2008 to lead the campaign's Truth Squad, a rapid response communications team which dealt with issues ranging from voter fraud, to Cindy McCain's Tax Returns, to media coverage of the campaign's vice presidential nominee, Sarah Palin 

</doc>
<doc id="19502158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19502158" title="Yong Nyuk Lin">
Yong Nyuk Lin

Yong Nyuk Lin (; 24 June 1918-29 June 2012) was a Singaporean politician. He was born in Seremban, Negri Sembilan, Malaysia and studied in Singapore. He was the general manager of Overseas Assurance Company when he resigned to stand for elections in 1959. He became the Member of Parliament for Geylang West. He was in Singapore's first cabinet and served as a minister from 1959 to 1976. His portfolios included Education, Health and Communications.

</doc>
<doc id="19502160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19502160" title="The Greatest Rock 'n Roll Band in the World">
The Greatest Rock 'n Roll Band in the World

"The Greatest Rock 'n Roll Band in the World" a.k.a. "Stars Medley" a.k.a. "Stars on 45 III: Rollin' Stars" was a song issued in 1982 by the Dutch studio group Stars on 45, in the UK credited to 'Starsound', in the US 'Stars On'. It was the second single from the band's third full-length release "The Superstars" (UK title: "Stars Medley", US title: "Stars on Long Play III").
The "Greatest Rock 'n Roll Band in the World" medley featured hits by the Rolling Stones, covering the mainpart of the band's career from their 1965 breakthrough with "I Can't Get No Satisfaction" via classics like "Under My Thumb", "Miss You", "Sympathy For The Devil" and "Honky Tonk Women" to their then most recent hit "Start Me Up" in the Autumn of 1981. The medley had first been released on the "Superstars" album in its full side-long, twenty-seven titles and sixteen-minute format. The heavily edited five minute seven-inch version only featured ten of the Stones titles while the near ten-minute twelve-inch single included seventeen; the only mix of "The Greatest Rock 'n Roll Band in the World" medley to have been re-issued on CD to date is however the 5:03 7" single edit.
By the release of the Stones medley in June 1982 there were already signs of a backlash against 'copycat medleys' by anonymous studio groups - even with a large number of parodies of the format being released (see Stars on 45 main bio, "Other similar acts"). The previous single "Stars on Stevie" had indeed become another hit on both sides of the Atlantic but the following album had failed to make much of an impact on either the British or the American charts; in the UK it peaked at #94 and dropped out of the listing after just one week, in the US the album didn't even register on Billboard's Top 200, and when the Stones medley single was released it met with the same indifference. While the "The Greatest Rock 'n Roll Band..." did reach the Top 20 in the Netherlands, peaking at #15, it was the first Stars on 45 single to peak outside the Dutch Top 10 chart. It also failed to chart in both the US and the UK - where it somewhat confusingly was released by CBS under exactly the same title as both the preceding single "and" the third album; "Stars Medley".
This resulted in producer Jaap Eggermont deciding to change the formula by launching the spin-off group The Star Sisters, fronted by Patricia Paay, Yvonne Keeley and Sylvana van Veen, whose first single was released under the moniker "Stars on 45 Proudly Presents The Star Sisters" and topped the Dutch charts. The Sisters went on to release three albums and some ten singles in Continental Europe between the years 1983 and 1987 to moderate international success.
Track listing 7" single.
Side A.
"The Greatest Rock 'n Roll Band In The World" (7" Mix) - 5:03
"All tracks written by Mick Jagger and Keith Richards unless otherwise noted" 
Side B.
"Don't Give Up" (7" Mix) (Eggermont, Duiser) - 3:56
Track listing 12" single.
Side A.
"The Greatest Rock 'n Roll Band In The World" (12" Mix) - 9:40
"All tracks written by Mick Jagger and Keith Richards unless otherwise noted" 
Side B.
"Don't Give Up" (12" Mix) (Eggermont, Duiser) - 5:36

</doc>
<doc id="19502184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19502184" title="Columbus Day (film)">
Columbus Day (film)

Columbus Day is a 2008 crime drama starring Val Kilmer, Marg Helgenberger and Wilmer Valderrama.
Plot.
A thief has just one morning to fix the damage done during the biggest heist of his career, all while attempting to repair his relationship with his ex-wife.

</doc>
<doc id="19502194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19502194" title="Johannes Baptista von Albertini">
Johannes Baptista von Albertini

Johannes Baptista von Albertini (17 February 1769 – 6 December 1831) was a German botanist and clergyman of the Moravian Church. He was born in the town of Neuwied.
He studied theology in Niesky and at the seminary in Barby. During this period he became a friend of Friedrich Schleiermacher (1768–1834), who later became a renowned theologian. In 1796 Albertini became a lecturer at the seminary in Niesky, and in 1804 was a minister in Niesky. In 1814 he was elected bishop, and in 1824 was chairman of the "Unitätsältestenkonferenz", the denomination's executive board, in Berthelsdorf. He was a gifted speaker and a highly influential minister, and in 1805 a compilation of his sermons was published as "30 Predigten für Freunde und Mitglieder der Brüdergemeine" (Thirty Sermons for Friends and Members of the Moravian Brethren's Church).
In the field of botany he was co-author with Lewis David de Schweinitz (1780–1834) of a comprehensive work on Upper Lusatian fungi titled "Conspectus Fungorum in Lusatiae superioris agro Niskiensi crescentium e methodo Persooniana". This publication described 1130 species, of which 127 were considered to be new species.

</doc>
<doc id="19502285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19502285" title="Emilio Muñoz">
Emilio Muñoz

Emilio Muñoz (born 22 May 1962) is a Spanish film actor and bullfighter.
Early life.
Munoz was born in Seville, Spain.
Career.
Bullfighting.
Muñoz seriously injured his left leg while fighting a bull in the late summer of 1999. As of September 2012 he was training ex-CJFL star Tyler J. MacDonald in Cranbrook, British Columbia, Canada.
Acting.
Muñoz has appeared in two Madonna music videos: "Take a Bow" (video of the song of the same name) and its sequel, "You'll See" (video of the song of the same name).
He has also appeared in two films:

</doc>
<doc id="19502321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19502321" title="Cee Vee, Texas">
Cee Vee, Texas

Cee Vee is an unincorporated community in northwestern Cottle County, Texas, United States. It lies along FM 1440 northwest of the town of Paducah, the county seat of Cottle County. Its elevation is 1,880 feet (573 m), and it is located at (34.2231253, -100.4456741). Although Cee Vee is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 79223; the ZCTA for ZIP Code 79223 had a population of 35 at the 2000 census.
Cee Vee was founded on the land of the former CV Ranch; after the land was sold in 1927, a post office was opened in 1928. The postmaster wished to name the post office "CV," but as initials were invalid names for post offices according to departmental guidelines, the letter names were spelled out. A school opened in the area in 1928 and continued until shortly before 1960. Cee Vee was long a commercial center for a primarily agricultural area, despite its small size.

</doc>
<doc id="19502331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19502331" title="1996–97 Minnesota Golden Gophers men's basketball team">
1996–97 Minnesota Golden Gophers men's basketball team

The 1996–97 Minnesota Golden Gophers men's basketball team represented the University of Minnesota. The team, coached by Clem Haskins, compiled a 31-4 record, making it one of the most successful seasons in Gopher history. The team advanced to the final four of the 1997 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament. However, an academic fraud scandal revealed in 1999 erased all official records of the team.
Awards.
Team MVP

</doc>
<doc id="19502332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19502332" title="Green Island (Tasmania)">
Green Island (Tasmania)

Green Island is a small island nature reserve with an area of 4.17 ha in south-eastern Australia. Lying close to the south-eastern coast of Tasmania around the entrance to the River Derwent. It lies in the D'Entrecasteaux Channel.
Flora and fauna.
The vegetation is dominated by "Acaena", bracken and thistles, with introduced grasses around the shoreline and some scattered "Correa" bushes. Recorded breeding seabird and wader species are Little Penguin, Pacific Gull, Silver Gull, Kelp Gull, Sooty Oystercatcher and Caspian Tern. European Rabbits have been introduced to the island. The Metallic Skink is present.

</doc>
<doc id="19502340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19502340" title="Monapo">
Monapo

Monapo is a town in northern Mozambique.
Transport.
It is a junction station on the Nacala Railway.

</doc>
<doc id="19502343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19502343" title="Albert Bruce Jackson">
Albert Bruce Jackson

Albert Bruce Jackson (born in Newbury, Berkshire on February 14, 1876; died in Kew on January 14, 1947) was a British botanist and dendrologist. He worked as an assistant the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew from 1907 to 1910 and later at the British Museum from 1932 to his death in 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="19502344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19502344" title="École nationale d'ingénieurs de Tarbes">
École nationale d'ingénieurs de Tarbes

The Ecole nationale d'Ingénieurs de Tarbes (ENIT), is a French school of engineering leading to the French “Diplôme d’Ingénieur” under the authority of the French Ministry of Education and Research and part of the National Polytechnic Institute of Toulouse. Founded in 1963 about 200 students graduate from the ENIT each year. It represents today an active network of 4,200 alumni.
Admission.
The main admission (70%) to the ENIT is made through a selective examination during the year leading to the baccalauréat, most of the successful candidates come from the "série scientifique" or "Bac S". There is however further possibility to join the ENIT later on after 2 years of studies in an IUT or at the University, the selection being on academic records.
Location.
The ENIT is located in Tarbes in the département of Hautes-Pyrénées, in the Southwest of France 30 km east of Pau and 50 km south of Toulouse. It is about 1 hour 50 minutes drive away from the beach resort of Biarritz and 45 minutes drive away from the main sky resort of the Pyrenées mountain.
Curriculum.
Following a “common trunk” of 2 years during which the fundamentals of mathematics, physics, chemistry and electronics are taught, students specialize during the next 3 years in mechanical and industrial engineering leading to the French “Diplôme d’Ingénieur”. Like most all of the French educational system the ENIT is following the tradition of the Encyclopédistes which focus on breadth rather than depth. It is particularly useful for cross fertilization purposes between different fields. In the final year, students have to choose one “majors”, and must present a final year project. The reason for this is that the generic education given at the ENIT is more focused on developing thinking skills than preparing for the transition to an actual engineering occupation.
Recently new subjects have been added to the formation:
E.N.I.T. emphasizes industrial experience by making it compulsory for students to carry out three internships in industry and an industrially-based final project / master’s thesis.
Internships:
Industrial project work:
Master’s Thesis:
International Partner.
The ENIT has signed agreements with universities both in and outside the E.U. to promote cooperation in education and research activities. These partnerships involve exchange of students and faculty, internship placements for students and promotion of joint activities in training and research. It is a member of the Lifelong Learning Program with numerous partner universities in 8 E.U. countries. All classes in the 10-semester engineering cycle are open to Erasmus international students.
ENIT students who want to take part in these exchange programs go through a selective process based on academic criteria. Once a committee of teachers has selected the students, the International Student Office takes care of the mobility process.
More than 60% of students at the ENIT have an international experience (Internship or exchange : Erasmus) during their academic studies.
Lecturers can also benefit from the L.L.P. scheme and, accordingly, visiting professors and guest lecturers are invited to give courses at ENIT in English each year.

</doc>
<doc id="19502349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19502349" title="ALCO 539T">
ALCO 539T

The Alco 539T was a diesel prime mover (locomotive engine) built by the American Locomotive Company. This engine was also used as a stationary powerplant, used in pipeline pumping stations, tugboats and dredges. It has a straight-six, four-stroke design in a cast block which produced from . The engine has a bore (cylinder diameter) of , and a stroke of . The 539 engine was built at Alco's Auburn, New York engine plant and later starting in September 1949 in Canada. The 539T was equipped with the Buchi turbocharger, being made under license by the Elliott Manufacturing Company of Jeannette, Pennsylvania. The first 539T engines were used in S-2 switchers and DL-105 passenger locomotives built in September 1940. Alco locomotives using this engine include the S-2, S-4, RS-1, RSC-1, RSD-1, DL-105, DL-107, DL-108, DL-109, and DL-110. MLW locomotives using this engine include the S-2, S-4, S-7, S-12, RS-1, and RSC-13.
An eight-cylinder inline version of the 539T was developed by Alco. This diesel engine developed from . It was never used in a locomotive, but had been planned to be used in an early version of the “Black Maria” DL-202/DL-203 in response to EMD's FT locomotive. The 8-539T was used in stationary and marine applications. 
The 539 engine was developed in response to the perceived drawback that Alco's line of diesel switchers had a restricted field of vision because of the high hood. Both Baldwin and EMC were offering diesel switchers with a lower engine hood that the trainmen could see over. The 539 engine was developed from the 538 engine, both had the same cylinder dimensions. The engine base of the 538 was flat and rode on a flat underframe. The change that the 539 offered was to lower the base of the engine into the frame. This was done with revised mounting lugs and a modified oil pan. The modified 538 became known as the 539 and the change allowed the engine hood to be lowered two feet three inches. 
A very similar engine developed for the United States Navy was the 540T. This engine used a welded block. The welded construction was required because the specified shock tolerance requirements prohibit the use of cast blocks. The Navy 540 was used in Patrol Boats, Mine Sweepers, Mine Layers, and tug boats.

</doc>
<doc id="19502377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19502377" title="Wayne Highlands School District">
Wayne Highlands School District

Wayne Highlands School District (WHSD) is a small rural public school district based in Honesdale, Pennsylvania, and serving central and northeastern Wayne County, Pennsylvania, United States. Organized on July 1, 1970, the district operates, preschools, four elementary schools, one middle school, and one high school.
WHSD covers (roughly one-third the size of Rhode Island), making it the second largest geographical school district in the state. According to 2000 federal census data, it served a resident population of 21,506. By 2010, the District's population declined to 20,870 people. In 2009, the District residents’ per capita income was $17,330, while the median family income was $40,683. In the Commonwealth, the median family income was $49,501 and the United States median family income was $49,445, in 2010.
According to Wayne Highlands School District officials, in school year 2009–10 the District provided basic educational services to 3,125 pupils. The District employed: 248 teachers, 137 full-time and part-time support personnel, and 19 administrators. Wayne Highlands School District received more than $13.8 million in state funding in school year 2009–10. In school year 2007–08 the Wayne Highlands School District provided basic educational services to 3,215 pupils. At the time it employed: 247 teachers, 132 full-time and part-time support personnel, and 19 administrators. Wayne Highlands School District received more than $13.7 million in state funding in school year 2007–08.
In 2006, the district was recognized for excellence in teaching, and has a long tradition of requiring standards of its graduates well beyond state regulations.
Boroughs and Townships.
The following boroughs and townships are included in the district:
Governance.
Wayne Highlands School District is governed by 9 individually elected board members (serves without compensation for a term of four years.), the Pennsylvania State Board of Education, the Pennsylvania Department of Education and the Pennsylvania General Assembly. The federal government controls programs it funds like Title I funding for low-income children in the Elementary and Secondary Education Act and the No Child Left Behind Act, which mandates the district focus resources on student success in acquiring reading and math skills. The Superintendent and Business Manager are appointed by the school board. The Superintendent is the chief administrative officer with overall responsibility for all aspects of operations, including education and finance. The Business Manager is responsible for budget and financial operations. Neither of these officials are voting members of the School Board.
The Commonwealth Foundation for Public Policy Alternatives Sunshine Review gave the school board and district administration a "F" for transparency based on a review of "What information can people find on their school district's website". It examined the school district's website for information regarding; taxes, the current budget, meetings, school board members names and terms, contracts, audits, public records information and more.
Academic achievement.
Wayne Highlands School District was ranked 93rd out of 500 Pennsylvania school districts by the Pittsburgh Business Times in 2013. The ranking was based on student academic achievement as demonstrated on the last three years of the PSSAs for: reading, writing, math and science. The PSSAs are given to all children in grades 3rd through 8th and the 11th grade in high school. Adapted examinations are given to children in the special education programs.
In 2013, the "Pittsburgh Business Times" also reported an Overachievers Ranking for 498 Pennsylvania school districts. Wayne Highlands School District ranked 10th. In 2012, the District was ranked 23rd. The editor describes the ranking as: "a ranking answers the question - which school districts do better than expectations based upon economics? This rank takes the Honor Roll rank and adds the percentage of students in the district eligible for free and reduced-price lunch into the formula. A district finishing high on this rank is smashing expectations, and any district above the median point is exceeding expectations."
District AYP status history.
In 2011 and 2012, Wayne Highlands School District achieved Adequate Yearly Progress (AYP) status. In 2011, 94 percent of the 500 Pennsylvania public school districts achieved the No Child Left Behind Act progress level of 72% of students reading on grade level and 67% of students demonstrating on grade level math. In 2011, 46.9 percent of Pennsylvania school districts achieved Adequate Yearly Progress (AYP) based on student performance. An additional 37.8 percent of Pennsylvania public school districts made AYP based on a calculated method called safe harbor, 8.2 percent on the growth model and 0.8 percent on a two-year average performance. Wayne Highlands School District achieved AYP status each year from 2004 to 2010, while in 2003 the District was in Warning status due to lagging student achievement.
Graduation rate.
In 2012, Wayne Highlands School District’s graduation rate was 92%. In 2011, the District's graduation rate was 93%. In 2010, the Pennsylvania Department of Education issued a new, 4-year cohort graduation rate. Honesdale High School's rate was 92% for 2010.
High school.
Honesdale High School is located at 459 Terrace Street, Honesdale. According to the National Center for Education Statistics, in 2010, the School reported an enrollment of 978 pupils in grades 9th through 12th, with 333 pupils eligible for a federal free or reduced-price lunch due to the family meeting the federal poverty level. The school employed 67 teachers, yielding a student–teacher ratio of 14:1. According to a report by the Pennsylvania Department of Education, 100% of its teachers were rated "Highly Qualified" under No Child Left Behind.
In 2011 and 2012, Honesdale High School was in Warning AYP status due to lagging student achievement in reading and mathematics.
11th Grade Reading:
11th Grade Math:
11th Grade Science:
Science in Motion Honesdale High School took advantage of a state program called Science in Motion which brought college professors and sophisticated science equipment to the school to raise science awareness and to provide inquiry-based experiences for the students. The Science in Motion program was funded by a state appropriation and cost the school nothing to participate. The school worked with Wilkes University to provide the experiences.
College remediation rate.
According to a Pennsylvania Department of Education study released in January 2009, 10% of the Honesdale High School graduates required remediation in mathematics and or reading before they were prepared to take college level courses in the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education or community colleges. Less than 66% of Pennsylvania high school graduates, who enroll in a four-year college in Pennsylvania, will earn a bachelor's degree within six years. Among Pennsylvania high school graduates pursuing an associate degree, only one in three graduate in three years. Per the Pennsylvania Department of Education, one in three recent high school graduates who attend Pennsylvania's public universities and community colleges takes at least one remedial course in math, reading or English.
Dual enrollment.
Honesdale High School offers a dual enrollment program. This state program permits high school students to take courses, at local higher education institutions, to earn college credits. Honesdale High School holds an agreement with Luzerne County Community College, Marywood University and the Pennsylvania State University - Worthington Campus. Students remain enrolled at their high school. The courses count towards high school graduation requirements and towards earning a college degree. The students continue to have full access to activities and programs at their high school. The college credits are offered at a deeply discounted rate. The state offered a small grant to assist students in costs for tuition, fees and books. Students are responsible for their own transportation. Under the Pennsylvania Transfer and Articulation Agreement, many Pennsylvania colleges and universities accept these credits for students who transfer to their institutions. In 2010, Governor Edward Rendell eliminated the grants to students, from the Commonwealth, due to a state budget crisis.
For the 2009–10 funding year, Wayne Highlands School District received a state grant of $10,742 for the program.
Graduation requirements.
Among Pennsylvania's 500 public school districts, graduation requirements widely vary. The Wayne Highlands School Board has determined that a pupil must earn 22 credits to graduate, including: Math 3, English 4 credits, social studies 4 credits, including Civics, science 3 credits, including Biology, Physical Education 4 courses, Health 1 course, Drivers Education 1 course and electives 2 credits.
By law, all Pennsylvania secondary school students were required to complete a project as a part of their eligibility to graduate from high school. The type of project, its rigor and its expectations are set by the individual school district. Effective with the graduating class of 2017, the Pennsylvania Board of Education eliminated the state mandate that students complete a culminating project in order to graduate.
By Pennsylvania School Board regulations, beginning with the class of 2017, public school students must demonstrate successful completion of secondary level course work in Algebra I, Biology, and English Literature by passing the Keystone Exams. For the class of 2019, a composition exam will be added. For the class of 2020, passing a civics and government exam will be added to the graduation requirements. In 2011, Pennsylvania high school students field tested the Algebra 1, Biology and English Lit exams. The statewide results were: Algebra 1 38% on grade level, Biology 35% on grade level and English Lit - 49% on grade level. Individual student, school or district reports were not made public, although they were reported to district officials by the Pennsylvania Department of Education. Students identified as having special needs and qualifying for an Individual Educational Program (IEP) may graduate by meeting the requirements of their IEP.
SAT scores.
In 2012, 163 Wayne Highlands School District students took the SAT exams. The District's Verbal Average Score was 487. The Math average score was 512. The Writing average score was 471. The statewide Verbal SAT exams results were: Verbal 491, Math 501, Writing 480. In the United States, 1.65 million students took the exams achieving scores: Verbal 496, Math 514, Writing 488. According to the College Board the maximum score on each section was 800, and 360 students nationwide scored a perfect 2,400.
In 2011, 158 Wayne Highlands School District students took the SAT exams. The District's Verbal Average Score was 502. The Math average score was 533. The Writing average score was 490. Pennsylvania ranked 40th among states with SAT scores: Verbal - 493, Math - 501, Writing - 479. In the United States, 1.65 million students took the exam in 2011. They averaged 497 (out of 800) verbal, 514 math and 489 in writing.
Middle school.
Wayne Highlands Middle School is located at 482 Grove Street, Honesdale. According to the National Center for Education Statistics, in 2011, the school reported an enrollment of 526 pupils in grades 6th through 8th, with 225 pupils receiving a federal free or reduced-price lunch due to family poverty. The school is a federally designated Title I school. Wayne Highlands Middle School employed 36 teachers, yielding a student–teacher ratio of 14:1. According to a report by the Pennsylvania Department of Education, 10 classes were taught by teachers who were rated "Non-Highly Qualified" under No Child Left Behind.
In 2012, Wayne Highlands Middle School declined to Warning AYP status, due to lagging reading and mathematics achievement. In 2011, Wayne Highlands Middle School achieved AYP status.
8th Grade Reading:
8th Grade Math:
8th Grade Science:
7th Grade Reading:
7th Grade Math:
6th Grade Reading:
6th Grade Math:
Damascus Area School.
Damascus Area School is located at 174 High School Road, Damascus. According to the National Center for Education Statistics, in 2011, the school reported an enrollment of 324 pupils in kindergarten through 8th grade, with 93 pupils receiving a federal free or reduced-price lunch due to family poverty. The school is not a federally designated Title I school. The school employed 27 teachers, yielding a student–teacher ratio of 12:1. According to a report by the Pennsylvania Department of Education, 100% of its teachers were rated "Highly Qualified" under No Child Left Behind.
In 2011 and 2012, Damascus Area School achieved AYP (Adequate Yearly Progress) under No Child Left Behind.
8th Grade Reading:
8th Grade Math:
8th Grade Science:
7th Grade Reading:
7th Grade Math:
6th Grade Reading:
6th Grade Math:
5th Grade Reading:
5th Grade Math:
Lakeside Elementary School.
Lakeside Elementary School is located at 129 Lakeside Drive, Honesdale. According to the National Center for Education Statistics, in 2011, the school reported an enrollment of 504 pupils in grades third through 5th, with 227 pupils receiving a federal free or reduced-price lunch due to family poverty. The school is a federally designated Title I school. The school is a federally designated Title I school. The school employed 36 teachers, yielding a student–teacher ratio of 14:1. According to a report by the Pennsylvania Department of Education, 100% of its teachers were rated "Highly Qualified" under No Child Left Behind. In both 2011 and 2012, Lakeside Elementary School achieved AYP status.
5th Grade Reading:
5th Grade Math:
Special education.
In December 2010, the District administration reported that 461 pupils or 15.4% of the district's pupils received Special Education services, with 54.9% of the identified students having a specific learning disability. In December 2009, the District administration reported that 445 pupils or 14.9% of the district's pupils received Special Education services, with 55.7% of the identified students having a specific learning disability. Special education services in the Commonwealth are provided to students from ages three years to 21 years old. In the 2010–11 school year, the total student enrollment was more than 1.78 million students with approximately 275,000 students eligible for special education services. Among these students 18,959 were identified with mental retardation and 21,245 students with autism. The largest group of students are identified as Specific Learning Disabilities 126,026 students (46.9 percent) and Speech or Language Impairments with 43,542 students (16.2 percent).
In 2010, the state of Pennsylvania provided $1,026,815,000 for special education services. This funding is in addition to the state's basic education per pupil funding, as well as, all other state and federal funding. The Special Education funding structure is through the federal Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA) funds and state appropriations. IDEA funds are appropriated to the state on an annual basis and distributed through intermediate units (IUs) to school districts, while state funds are distributed directly to the public school districts. Total funds that are received by school districts are calculated through a formula. The Pennsylvania Department of Education oversees four appropriations used to fund students with special needs: Special Education; Approved Private Schools; Pennsylvania Chartered Schools for the Deaf and Blind; and Early Intervention. The Pennsylvania Special Education funding system assumes that 16% of the district’s students receive special education services. It also assumes that each student’s needs accrue the same level of costs. Over identification of students, in order to increase state funding, has been an issue in the Commonwealth. Some districts have more than 20% of its students receiving special education services while others have 10% supported through special education. The state requires each public school district and charter school to have a three-year special education plan to meet the unique needs of its special education students. In 2012, the Obama Administration's US Department of Education issued a directive that school districts include students with disabilities in all extracurricular activities, including sports.
Wayne Highlands School District received a $1,598,417 supplement for special education services in 2010. For the 2011–12 and 2012–13 school years, all Pennsylvania public school districts received the same level of funding for special education that they received in 2010–11. This level funding is provided regardless of changes in the number of pupils who need special education services and regardless of the level of services the respective students required. Additionally, the State provides supplemental funding for extraordinarily impacted students. The District must apply for this added funding.
Gifted education.
Wayne Highlands School District Administration reported that 53 or 1.77% of its students were gifted in 2009–10. The highest percentage of gifted students reported among all 500 school districts and 100 public charter schools in Pennsylvania was North Allegheny School District with 15.5% of its students identified as gifted. By law, Wayne Highlands School District must provide mentally gifted programs at all grade levels. The referral process for a gifted evaluation can be initiated by teachers or parents by contacting the student’s building principal and requesting an evaluation. All requests must be made in writing. To be eligible for mentally gifted programs in Pennsylvania, a student must have a cognitive ability of at least 130 as measured on a standardized ability test by a certified school psychologist. Other factors that indicate giftedness will also be considered for eligibility.
Budget.
Pennsylvania public school districts budget and expend funds according to procedures mandated by the General Assembly and the Pennsylvania Department of Education (PDE). An annual operating budget is prepared by school district administrative officials. A uniform form is furnished by the PDE and submitted to the board of school directors for approval prior to the beginning of each fiscal year on July 1.
Under Pennsylvania’s Taxpayer Relief Act, Act 1 of the Special Session of 2006, all school districts of the first class A, second class, third class and fourth class must adopt a preliminary budget proposal. The proposal must include estimated revenues and expenditures and the proposed tax rates. This proposed budget must be considered by the Board no later than 90 days prior to the date of the election immediately preceding the fiscal year. The preliminary budget proposal must also be printed and made available for public inspection at least 20 days prior to its adoption. The board of school directors may hold a public hearing on the budget, but are not required to do so. The board must give at least 10 days’ public notice of its intent to adopt the final budget according to Act 1 of 2006.
In 2011, the average teacher salary in Wayne Highlands School District was $66,354.88 a year, while the cost of the benefits teachers received was $23,573.12 per employee (among the highest in Pennsylvania school districts), for a total annual average teacher compensation of $89,927.99.
In 2009, Wayne Highlands School District reported employing 266 teachers and administrators with an average salary of $65,969 and a top salary of. The teacher’s work day is 7 hours and 30 minutes Monday through Thursday and 7 hours on Fridays. There are 183 days in the contract year. In addition to salary, the teachers receive a defined benefit pension, health insurance, dental insurance, vision insurance, professional development reimbursement, paid personal days, 10 paid sick days, and other benefits. Teachers with 12 years of service receive a retirement bonus. Teachers who provide services to students beyond the scheduled school day are paid an hourly rate. Teachers were given a 17.5 percent salary increase over five years that ended in June 2013.
Wayne Highlands School District administrative costs per pupil in 2008 was $814.93 per pupil which ranked 178th out of Pennsylvania's then 501 school districts. The lowest administrative cost per pupil in Pennsylvania was $398 per pupil. The Pennsylvania School Boards Association collects and maintains statistics on salaries of public school district employees in Pennsylvania. According to the association's report, the average salary for a superintendent, for the 2007–08 school year, was $122,165. Superintendents and administrators receive a benefit package commensurate with that offered to the district's teachers' union. According to PSBA, the median Superintendent salary rose to over $130,000 in 2011.
In 2008, Wayne Highlands School District's administration reported that per pupil spending was $12,421 which ranked 232nd among Pennsylvania's 501 school districts. In 2010, Wayne Highlands per pupil spending had increased to $13,866.84. Among the states, Pennsylvania’s total per pupil revenue (including all sources) ranked 11th at $15,023 per student, in 2008–09. In 2007, the Pennsylvania per pupil total expenditures was $12,759. The U.S. Census Bureau reports that Pennsylvania spent $8,191 per pupil in school year year 2000–01.
Reserves In 2008, Wayne Highlands School District reported a balance of $802,543.00 in its unreserved-designated fund. The unreserved-undesignated fund balance was reported as $3,125,497.
Tuition Students who live in the Wayne Highlands School District's attendance area may choose to attend one of Pennsylvania's 157 public charter schools. A student living in a neighboring public school district or a foreign exchange student may seek admission to Wayne Highlands School District. For these cases, the Pennsylvania Department of Education sets an annual tuition rate for each school district. It is the amount the public school district pays to a charter school for each resident student that attends the charter and it is the amount a nonresident student's parents must pay to attend the District's schools. The 2012 tuition rate for Wayne Highlands Schools are: Elementary School - $9,430.99, High School - $9,511.80
Audit In July 2012, the Pennsylvania Auditor General's Office conducted a performance audit of the District. The findings were reported to the School Board and the District’s administration. The Administration was cited for giving 14 tuition waivers to children of teachers who worked in the school district, but lived in another school district. This occurred for several years. According to the report, the Board never approved the waivers. The report found that the District did not receive over $200,000 in tuition payments for nonresident students in 2007–08 and 2009–10.
Wayne Highlands School District is funded by a combination of: a local taxes, a property tax, a real estate transfer tax 0.5%, coupled with substantial funding from the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and the federal government. Grants can provide an opportunity to supplement school funding without raising local taxes. Interest earnings on accounts also provide nontax income to the District. In the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, pension income and Social Security income are exempted from state personal income tax and local earned income tax, regardless of the level of the individual’s personal wealth. The average Pennsylvania public school teacher pension in 2011 exceeds $60,000 a year plus they receive federal Social Security benefits: both are free of Pennsylvania state income tax and local income tax which funds local public schools.
State basic education funding.
For the 2012–13 school year, the Wayne Highlands School District received $7,664,439. Wayne Highlands also received state funding for: transportation costs, teacher pension costs, social security payments to the federal government and special education funding. Several grants were also available if the District administration applied for funding. The Governor's Executive Budget for 2012–13 included $9.34 billion for kindergarten through 12th grade public education, including $5.4 billion in basic education funding, which was an increase of $49 million over the 2011–12 budget. In addition, the Commonwealth provided $100 million for the Accountability Block Grant (ABG) program. The District received $170,582 in ABG funds. The state also provided a $544.4 million payment for School Employees’ Social Security and $856 million for School Employees’ Retirement fund called PSERS. This amount was a $21,823,000 increase (0.34%) over the 2011–2012 appropriations for Basic Education Funding, School Employees' Social Security, Pupil Transportation, Nonpublic and Charter School Pupil Transportation. Since taking office, Corbett’s first two budgets have restored more than $918 million in support of public schools, compensating for the $1 billion in federal stimulus dollars lost at the end of the 2010–11 school year.
In 2011–12, Wayne Highlands School District received a $7,493,857 allocation, of state Basic Education Funding. Additionally, Wayne Highlands School District received $170,582 in Accountability Block Grant funding. The enacted Pennsylvania state Education budget included $5,354,629,000 for the 2011–2012 Basic Education Funding appropriation. This amount was a $233,290,000 increase (4.6%) over the enacted State appropriation for 2010–2011. The highest increase in state basic education funding was awarded to Duquesne City School District of Allegheny County, which got a 49% increase in state funding for 2011–12. In 2010, the district reported that 882 students received free or reduced-price lunches, due to the family meeting the federal poverty level.
In the 2010–11 budget year, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania provided a 2% increase in Basic Education Funding for a total of $7,862,379. Both public school districts in Wayne County got the base 3% increase. One hundred fifty Pennsylvania school districts received the base 2% increase. The highest increase in 2010–11 went to Kennett Consolidated School District in Chester County which received a 23.65% increase in state funding. Fifteen (15) Pennsylvania public school districts received a BEF increase of greater than 10%. The state's hold harmless policy regarding state basic education funding continued where each district received at least the same amount as it received the prior school year, even when enrollment had significantly declined. The amount of increase each school district received was set by Governor Edward Rendell and then Secretary of Education Gerald Zahorchak, as a part of the state budget proposal given each February. This was the second year of Governor Rendell’s policy to fund some public school districts at a far greater rate than others.
In the 2009–10 budget year, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania provided a 2.85% increase in Basic Education Funding for a total of $7,707,380. Among the districts in Wayne County, the highest increase went to Wallenpaupack Area School District which got a 4.16%. Ninety school Pennsylvania public school districts received a 2% increase. Muhlenberg School District in Berks County received a 22.31% increase in state basic education funding in 2009. The amount of increase each school district received was set by Governor Edward G. Rendell and the Secretary of Education Gerald Zahorchak, as a part of the state budget proposal. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, Pennsylvania spent $7,824 Per Pupil in the year 2000. This amount increased up to $12,085 by the year 2008.
The state Basic Education Funding to the Wayne Highlands School District for 2008–09 was $7,493,857.34. According to the Pennsylvania Department of Education, 1,137 Wayne Highlands School District students received free or reduced-price lunches due to low family income in the 2007–08 school year.
Accountability Block Grants.
Beginning in 2004–05, the state launched the Accountability Block Grant school funding. This program has provided $1.5 billion to Pennsylvania’s school districts. The Accountability Block Grant program requires that its taxpayer dollars are focused on specific interventions that are most likely to increase student academic achievement. These interventions include: teacher training, all-day kindergarten, lower class size K-3rd grade, literacy and math coaching programs that provide teachers with individualized job-embedded professional development to improve their instruction, before or after school tutoring assistance to struggling students. For 2010–11, the district applied for and received $463,003 in addition to all other state and federal funding. Wayne Highlands School District uses the funding to provide full-day kindergarten to 165 children.
Classrooms for the Future grant.
The Classroom for the Future state program provided districts with hundreds of thousands of extra state funding to buy laptop computers for each core curriculum high school class (English, Science, History, Math) and paid for teacher training to optimize the computers use. The program was funded from 2006 to 2009. Wayne Highlands School District did not apply to participate in 2006–07. In 2007–08, the District received 366,586. Wayne Highlands School District received $66,785 in 2008–09 for a total funding of $433,371. In Wayne County the highest award was given to Wallenpaupack Area School District which received $453,928. The highest funding state wide was awarded to Philadelphia City School District in Philadelphia County - $9,409,073. The grant program was discontinued by Governor Edward Rendell as part of the 2009–10 state budget.
Other grants.
Wayne Highlands School District did not participate in: Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection's Environmental Education annual grants, PA Science Its Elementary grants (discontinued effective with 2009–10 budget by Governor Rendell), Education Assistance Grants, 2012 Striving Readers Comprehensive Literacy grant, nor the federal 21st Century Learning grants.
Federal Stimulus grant.
Wayne Highlands School District received an extra $2,687,679 in American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (ARRA) - Federal Stimulus money to be used in specific programs like special education and meeting the academic needs of low-income students. The funding was limited to the 2009–10 and 2010–11 school years. Due to the temporary nature of the funding, schools were repeatedly advised to use the funds for one-time expenditures like: acquiring equipment, making repairs to buildings, training teachers to provide more effective instruction or purchasing books and software.
Race to the Top grant.
Wayne Highlands School District officials did not apply for the federal Race to the Top grant which would have provided nearly one million dollars, in additional federal funding, to improve student academic achievement. Participation required the administration, the school board and the local teachers' union to sign an agreement to prioritize improving student academic success. In Pennsylvania, 120 public school districts and 56 charter schools agreed to participate. Pennsylvania was not approved for the grant. The failure of districts to agree to participate was cited as one reason that Pennsylvania was not approved.
Real estate taxes.
Property tax rates in 2012–13 were set by the Wayne Highlands School Board at 14.7050 mills. A mill is $1 of tax for every $1,000 of a property's assessed value. Irregular property reassessments have become a serious issue in the commonwealth as it creates a significant disparity in taxation within a community and across a region. Property taxes, in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, apply only to real estate - land and buildings. The property tax is not levied on cars, business inventory, or other personal property. Certain types of property are exempt from property taxes, including: places of worship, places of burial, private social clubs, charitable and educational institutions and all government property (local, state and federal). Additionally, service related, disabled US military veterans may seek an exemption from paying property taxes. Pennsylvania school district revenues are dominated by two main sources: 1) Property tax collections, which account for the vast majority (between 75-85%) of local revenues; and 2) Act 511 tax collections, which are around 15% of revenues for school districts. When a Pennsylvania public school district includes municipalities in two counties, each of which has different rates of property tax assessment, a state board equalizes the tax rates between the counties. In 2010, miscalculations by the State Tax Equalization Board (STEB) were widespread in the Commonwealth and adversely impacted funding for many school districts, including those that did not cross county borders.
The average yearly property tax paid by Wayne County residents amounts to about 3.78% of their yearly income. Wayne County ranked 287th out of the 3143 United States counties for property taxes as a percentage of median income. According to a report prepared by the Pennsylvania Department of Education, the total real estate taxes collected by all school districts in Pennsylvania rose from $6,474,133,936 in 1999–00 to $10,438,463,356 in 2008–09 and to $11,153,412,490 in 2011. Property taxes in Pennsylvania are relatively high on a national scale. According to the Tax Foundation, Pennsylvania ranked 11th in the United States, in 2008, in terms of property taxes paid as a percentage of home value (1.34%) and 12th in the country in terms of property taxes as a percentage of income (3.55%).
Act 1 Adjusted Index.
The Act 1 of 2006 Index regulates the rates at which each Pennsylvania school district can raise property taxes in Pennsylvania. Public school districts are not permitted to raise property taxes above their annual Index unless they either: allow voters to vote by referendum or they receive an exception from the Pennsylvania Department of Education. The base index for the school year is published by the PDE in the fall of each year. Each individual school district’s Act 1 Index can be adjusted higher, depending on a number of factors, such as local property values and the personal income of district residents. Originally, Act 1 or 2006 included 10 exceptions: increasing pension costs, increases in special education costs, a catastrophe like a fire or flood, increase in health insurance costs for contracts in effect in 2006 or dwindling tax bases. The base index is the average of the percentage increase in the statewide average weekly wage, as determined by the PA Department of Labor and Industry, for the preceding calendar year and the percentage increase in the Employment Cost Index for Elementary and Secondary Schools, as determined by the Bureau of Labor Statistics in the U.S. Department of Labor, for the previous 12-month period ending June 30. For a school district with a market value/personal income aid ratio (MV/PI AR) greater than 0.4000, its index equals the base index multiplied by the sum of .75 and its MV/PI AR for the current year. In June 2011, the Pennsylvania General Assembly eliminated six exceptions to the Act 1 Index. Several exceptions were maintained: 1) costs to pay interest and principal on indebtedness incurred prior to September 4, 2004 for Act 72 schools and prior to June 27, 2006 for non-Act 72 schools; 2) costs to pay interest and principal on electoral debt; 3) costs incurred in providing special education programs and services (beyond what is already paid by the State); and 4) costs due to increases of more than the Index in the school’s share of payments to PSERS (PA school employees pension fund) taking into account the state mandated PSERS contribution rate.
The School District Adjusted Index for the Wayne Highlands School District 2006–2007 through 2011–2012.
For the 2013–14 budget year, Wayne Highlands School Board applied for two (2) exceptions to exceed the Act 1 Index: teacher pensions costs and special education costs. For 2013–2014, 311 Pennsylvania public school districts adopted a resolution certifying that tax rates would not be increased above their index; 171 school districts adopted a preliminary budget leaving open the option of exceeded the Index limit. For the exception for pension costs, 89 school districts received approval to exceed the Index in full while others received a partial approval of their request. For special education costs, 75 districts received approval to exceed the tax limit. For the exception for pension costs, 169 school districts received approval to exceed the Index. Eleven districts received an approval for grandfathered construction debts.
For the 2012–13 budget year, Wayne Highlands School Board applied for two (2) exceptions to exceed the Act 1 Index: teacher pension costs and Special Education costs. For 2012–2013, 274 school districts adopted a resolution certifying that tax rates would not be increased above their index; 223 school districts adopted a preliminary budget leaving open the option of exceeded the Index limit. For the exception for pension costs, 194 school districts received approval to exceed the Index. For special education costs, 129 districts received approval to exceed the tax limit.
For the 2011–12 school year, the Wayne Highlands School Board applied for two (2) exception to exceed the Act 1 Index teacher pension costs and Special Education costs. Each year, the Wayne Highlands School Board has the option of adopting either: 1) a resolution in January certifying they will not increase taxes above their index or 2) a preliminary budget in February. A public school district adopting the resolution may not apply for referendum exceptions or ask voters for a tax increase above the inflation index through a local referendum conducted during an election. A specific timeline for these decisions is published annually, by the Pennsylvania Department of Education.
According to a state report, for their 2011–12 school year budgets, 247 Pennsylvania public school districts adopted a resolution certifying that tax rates would not be increased above their index; 250 school districts adopted a preliminary budget. Of the 250 school districts that adopted a preliminary budget, 231 adopted real estate tax rates that exceeded their index. Tax rate increases in the other 19 school districts that adopted a preliminary budget did not exceed the school district’s index. Of the districts who sought exceptions: 221 used the pension costs exemption and 171 sought a Special Education costs exemption. Only 1 school district sought an exemption for Nonacademic School Construction Project, while 1 sought an exception for Electoral debt for school construction.
The Wayne Highlands School Board did not apply for any exceptions to exceed the Act 1 index for the budget in 2010–11.
For the 2009–10 school budget, Wayne Highlands School Board also did not apply for exceptions to exceed the Index. In the Spring of 2010, 135 Pennsylvania school boards asked to exceed their adjusted index. Approval was granted to 133 of them and 128 sought an exception for pension costs increases.
Wellness policy.
Wayne Highlands School Board established a district-wide Wellness Policy in 2006. Wayne Highlands School Board committed to appointing a Wellness Committee composed of various members of the school community. The District's wellness policy deals with nutritious meals served at school, the control of access to some foods and beverages during school hours, age appropriate nutrition education for all students, and physical education for students K-12. The policy is in response to state mandates and federal legislation (P.L. 108 – 265). The law dictates that each school district participating in a program authorized by the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq) or the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 1771 et seq) "shall establish a local school wellness policy by School Year 2006." In Pennsylvania, most public school districts identified the superintendent and school foodservice director as responsible for ensuring local wellness policy implementation.
In adherence with the governance philosophy of local control of schools, the legislation placed the responsibility of developing a wellness policy at the local level so the individual needs of each public school district could be addressed. According to the requirements for the Local Wellness Policy, school districts must set goals for nutrition education, physical activity, campus food provision, and other school-based activities designed to promote student wellness. Additionally, districts were required to involve a broad group of individuals in policy development and to have a plan for measuring policy implementation. Districts were offered a choice of levels of implementation for limiting or prohibiting low nutrition foods on the school campus. In final implementation these regulations prohibit some foods and beverages on the school campus. The Pennsylvania Department of Education required the district to submit a copy of the policy for approval.
Wayne Highlands School District offers a free school breakfast and free or reduced-price lunch to low-income children. The meals are partially funded with federal dollars through the United States Department of Agriculture.
School safety and bullying.
The Wayne Highlands School District Administration reported there was one incident of bullying in the District in 2012. There were 14 incidents involving the police and 8 episodes of sexual harassment, as well as one incident of sexual lewdness. Each year the school safety data is reported, by the District, to the Safe School Center which publishes the reports online. Wayne Highlands School Board has not provided the District's antibully policy online. All Pennsylvania schools are required to have an anti-bullying policy incorporated into their Code of Student Conduct. The policy must identify disciplinary actions for bullying and designate a school staff person to receive complaints of bullying. The policy must be available on the school's website and posted in every classroom. All Pennsylvania public schools must provide a copy of its anti-bullying policy to the Pennsylvania Office for Safe Schools every year, and must review their anti bullying policy every three years. Additionally, each Pennsylvania public school is required to conduct an annual review of that policy with its students.
As part of the federally funded Drug Free Schools and Community Act, Wayne Highlands School District was awarded a $11,358 grant for the 2008–09 school year. The District used the funds to pay for additional teacher training for the District's Student Assistance Program and to purchase curriculum materials. The District employed a Crisis Intervention Counselor.
Extracurriculars.
Wayne Highlands School District offers a wide variety of clubs, activities and an extensive, costly sports program. Eligibility for participation is determined by school board policy and in compliance with standards set by the Pennsylvania interscholastic Athletics Association (PIAA).
By Pennsylvania law, all K-12 students residing in the district, including those who attend a private nonpublic school, cyber charter school, charter school and those homeschooled, are eligible to participate in the extracurricular programs, including all athletics. They must meet the same eligibility rules as the students enrolled in the district's schools.
Sports.
The District funds:
According to PIAA directory July 2012 

</doc>
<doc id="19502415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19502415" title="I-Comm Student Media">
I-Comm Student Media

I~Comm Student Media is an organization involving students from all fields of study at Brigham Young University-Idaho. This organization covers major media and communication strategies, such as advertising, public relations, and news review. I~Comm also produces "Scroll", the university newspaper; I-News, a weekly online newscast; and operates its own in-house design agency, multimedia organization, copy editing team and sales/marketing group. I~Comm's goal is to provide real-life experience to students and quality products to customers.
I~Comm Agency.
The I~Comm advertising agency is an organization that provides clients with creative cross-media marketing and advertising strategies to achieve client's overall goals. I~Comm also offers public relations services.
Graphic Design.
Graphic Design is a team of creative illustrators and photographers that provide graphic design for all clients of I~Comm to enhance editorial design, advertising, and any additional requests by clients such as brochures, posters, photography, web pages, and newsletters.
Scroll.
BYU-Idaho's student paper, Scroll, was founded in 1905 and first published as Student Rays, then The Purple Flash, then Viking Flashes and finally Scroll. One hundred years later in 2004, Scroll was awarded the prestigious Associated Collegiate Press Newspaper Pacemaker Award at a convention in New York City.
Scroll went from a standard newspaper format to a tabloid fold in 2007 and merged with other campus communication organization to become a larger entity called I~Comm.
I~Comm Video Productions.
Multimedia organization that produces special projects for I~Comm such as documentaries, podcasts, and instructional videos.
I-News.
An online newscast of BYU-Idaho campus and local stories aired and broadcast four times a week can be found and viewed from the BYU-Idaho website.
I~Comm Sales.
Sells ad space through the BYU-Idaho school paper, "Scroll".

</doc>
<doc id="19502449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19502449" title="Chimedbazaryn Damdinsharav">
Chimedbazaryn Damdinsharav

Chimedbazaryn Damdinsharav (; born March 21, 1945) is a retired Mongolian wrestler.
At the 1968 Summer Olympics he won the bronze medal in the men's Freestyle Flyweight category.

</doc>
<doc id="19502483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19502483" title="DeBordieu, South Carolina">
DeBordieu, South Carolina

DeBordieu, DeBordieu Beach or DeBordieu Colony is a private community in Georgetown County, South Carolina. It consists of approximately of land, of which roughly 800 acres is wildlife preserve. DeBordieu is located south of Pawleys Island and north of Georgetown east of U.S. Route 17. It is an oceanfront gated community with a private golf and country club.

</doc>
<doc id="19502495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19502495" title="Marlins Park">
Marlins Park

The stadium is designed in a neomodern form of baseball architecture. Marlins Park was also LEED certified as the greenest MLB park in 2012. The building is the sixth MLB stadium to have a retractable roof. With a seating capacity of 37,442, it is the third-smallest stadium in Major League Baseball by official capacity, and the smallest by actual capacity.
There is wide consensus among sports fans that a retractable-roof stadium is a must for professional baseball to be viable in Miami due to its blistering summer heat. Despite this, Marlins Park has been a source of controversy in South Florida ever since it was proposed. The stadium's public-funding plan—which would eventually strap a $2.4 billion debt to Miami-Dade County alone—led to a protracted lawsuit, largely contributed to the ouster of several local politicians, and triggered an SEC investigation. As revelations of the team's finances and their handling of payroll (both before and after construction) seemed to contradict some of the premises on which the tax-funded-stadium deal were based, the ballpark controversy intensified.
The facility hosted a second-round pool of the 2013 World Baseball Classic. The park also hosts soccer matches during the winter. It will also host the newly created Miami Beach Bowl beginning in December 2014.
Planning and controversy.
Background.
From the inception of the Florida Marlins in April 1993 until October 2011, the team played its home games at the facility currently named Sun Life Stadium in Miami Gardens. A multi-purpose stadium originally built for football, Sun Life is also the home of the National Football League's Miami Dolphins as well as the Miami Hurricanes college football team. When the stadium was built in 1987, it was designed from the ground up to accommodate baseball and soccer. Dolphins founder Joe Robbie believed it was a foregone conclusion that MLB would come to South Florida, so he wanted the stadium designed to make any necessary renovations for baseball as seamless as possible.
After baseball arrived, it did enjoy some good moments at Sun Life Stadium. That venue drew more than 3 million fans who flocked to see the expansion Marlins in the 1993 season. Attendance swelled to 67,000 in postseason games during their World Series runs in 1997 and 2003.
Despite such preparation and pockets of success, Sun Life Stadium was less than adequate as a baseball venue. Although it was designed from the ground up to easily be renovated for baseball, at bottom it was primarily a football stadium. There were plenty of reminders of that purpose even in the stadium's baseball configuration. The colors of the seats and decor were in the team colors of the Dolphins. When the football season overlapped, cleat marks, as well as silhouettes of hashmarks and logos of the Dolphins or Hurricanes were visible on the baseball diamond. The Marlins reduced capacity to 47,662 (later to 35,521), mainly to create a more intimate atmosphere for baseball. However, capacity would have likely been reduced in any event, since many of the seats in the upper deck were too far from the field to be of any use during the regular season. Even with the reduced capacity, the sight lines were less than optimal for baseball. Most seats were pointed toward the 50-yard line—where outfield grass behind second base was located in the baseball configuration. Lights were not angled for optimum baseball visibility. Players had to walk through football tunnels to get to dugouts that were designed with low ceiling joists. Some of these embarrassing issues were showcased on national television during the two World Series held there. Most notably, some areas of left and center field were not part of the football playing field, and fans sitting in the left-field upper deck couldn't see any game action in those areas except on the replay boards.
Sun Life Stadium was built for games held during the fall/winter football season, not for games in the tropical summers of South Florida, which feature oppressive heat, humidity, frequent rain, and occasional tropical storms. For most of the stadium's run as a baseball venue, it was the hottest stadium in the majors, with temperatures for day games frequently reaching well above 95 degrees. The Marlins played most of their summer home games at night as a result. The lack of refuge from the uncomfortable climate and disruptive rain delays were considered a cause of chronically low attendance that took hold after the franchise's first fire sale in 1998. Crowds of less 5,000 became increasingly common. Some Marlins players later admitted that they "couldn't wait to go on the road" because Sun Life Stadium had the "worst conditions" and least fan energy in the majors during years when the team was not a contender.
After original owner Wayne Huizenga claimed he lost more than $30 million on the team, he sold the Marlins in early 1999 to John W. Henry. Thereafter, the Marlins began a concerted effort to get their own baseball-only venue. Henry's vision included a retractable roof, believed by this time to be essential due to South Florida's climate. Several ideas were explored on where a new ballpark should be built. The team's desire to leave their original home made for an awkward business relationship over leasing issues with Huizenga, who continued to own the then-named Pro Player Stadium. By January 2002, Henry's stadium proposals were effectively scrapped when MLB Commissioner Bud Selig engineered a three-franchise ownership swap—Henry left to own the Boston Red Sox, while Montreal Expos owner Jeffrey Loria took over the Marlins.
Loria and his stepson, president David Samson, also sought a new, retractable-roof ballpark. The Marlins' second World Series championship in 2003 created some local exuberance for a new ballpark. Then, in January 2004, the City of Miami proposed building a baseball-only stadium for the Marlins at the site of the Miami Orange Bowl that would adjoin the existing football stadium along its northern flank.
Negotiations and possible relocation.
Loria and Samson began a push for public assistance to fund construction. The city was initially reluctant to help the team pay for a stadium with tax money, although they supported the project. Miami-Dade County showed more willingness to commit public money early on. In May 2004, county commissioners agreed to fund a portion of a new stadium. The Miami Dolphins notified the Marlins in December 2004 that they would terminate its lease at Sun Life Stadium following the 2010 season if no stadium deal appeared imminent.
A big step came in February 2005 when Miami-Dade County officials unveiled a financial plan for a $420–$435 million ballpark and parking garage for the Marlins east of the Miami Orange Bowl. The Marlins also attempted to lobby funding from the state of Florida. However, in May 2005, the Marlins' struggles with the Florida House Legislature continued, as its requests of $60 million towards a new ballpark were rejected.
In November 2005, the Marlins' negotiations with the City of Miami officially broke down. The Marlins reacted by executing their second fire sale in franchise history, or as the Marlins called it, "market correction". They ended up trading away much of the core of the 2003 World Series team (including Mike Lowell, Josh Beckett, Luis Castillo, and Juan Pierre) along with other salary dumps (Guillermo Mota, Carlos Delgado, and Paul Lo Duca) following the 2005 season. Like former owner Wayne Huizenga, Loria also claimed he was losing money due to "low revenue" from playing in a football stadium and could not sustain a competitive payroll as a result. He ultimately held the public sector responsible for the fire sale, by their refusal to commit more funds towards a new Marlins ballpark.
"We're getting our payroll in line with our revenues," Loria said. "That's what we budgeted for. We're budgeting for anticipated revenue. I'm done losing money until there's a commitment from others. We made a major commitment, the fourth largest in baseball history.
"It's as painful as it is disappointing, but it's necessary to make this market correction," Loria continued. "The time comes when you have to say enough is enough."
Huizenga swooped in to counter the city's Orange Bowl proposal by offering 15 acres near what was now Dolphins Stadium and about $50 million for a baseball-only venue in exchange for revenue. But Marlins management was less than enthusiastic about entering another stadium arrangement with Huizenga next to the Dolphins. Selig granted Loria's request to explore cities outside of South Florida as potential homes. Team officials traveled to San Antonio, Texas in December 2005, to meet with officials who showed them potential stadium locations around the city and discussed plans to finance a ballpark. The Marlins also flirted with interest from Las Vegas, Nevada, and Portland, Oregon in 2006.
Although the Marlins did not accept any stadium offers from other cities, such talk of relocation heightened fan anxiety that Miami could lose its team just as Montreal recently lost the Expos—Loria's previously-owned team. Some public opinion trended towards supporting a new stadium. Florida Governor Charlie Crist and Hialeah Mayor Julio Robaina were in favor of public funding, saying the project would create jobs and be a "tremendous economic engine for a community." Neither swayed their respective legislatures to approve a deal.
After the Marlins explored other options, including at the former site of the Miami Arena, in August 2007, the Miami Hurricanes announced they were leaving the Orange Bowl, which made the newly-vacant site the most attractive option for team ownership.
Public funding and lawsuit.
In December 2007, the Miami-Dade County Commission voted in favor of two initial proposals that would assist in funding. But the County Commission and Miami City Commission continued to debate.
On February 21, 2008, then MLB president and COO Bob DuPuy gave the commissioners this ultimatum during a hearing on public funding: 
"I just want you to know that if you decide not to make a decision tonight, that will be the death knell for baseball in Miami. We are out of time."
City and County Commissioners appeared to take the threat seriously and within hours voted to approve funding for a new ballpark for the Marlins, in the form of a Baseball Stadium Agreement. The cost of stadium construction was expected to be approximately $525 million. The initial plan called for the Marlins to contribute $155 million all through 2 separate loans ($35 million of which borrowed interest-free from the county), Miami-Dade County to contribute $347 million (about $297 million of which would come from tourist tax dollars), and the City of Miami to contribute $23 million. The city would additionally shoulder the $10 million cost to demolish the old Orange Bowl site, and another $94 million to construct the new parking facilities.
"This is the final piece of the puzzle," owner Jeffrey Loria said after the funding for the park was approved. He also thanked a long list of city and county officials for "saving baseball in Miami."
Demolition of the Miami Orange Bowl began on March 3, 2008, and was completed on May 14, 2008. Marlin's ownership began working with architects on the new ballpark's design. "(See "Design" section for details.)"
The construction deal was put on hold because of a lawsuit filed by auto dealer Norman Braman, the former owner of the Philadelphia Eagles. Braman fought to put the public-spending proposition before voters for approval. However, on November 21, 2008, Circuit Judge Jeri Beth Cohen signed an order that said that a voter referendum was not required for the 37,000-seat stadium's financing plan. That decision was the final remaining charge of Braman's original seven arguments, and Judge Cohen ruled in favor of the Marlins in all of them.
The Marlins hoped to have had final approval on the stadium on February 13, 2009, but were blindsided by a last-minute bid by Commissioner Marc Sarnoff to secure a series of financial concessions from the two-time World Series champions. With stadium supporter Commissioner Michelle Spence-Jones on maternity leave and unavailable to vote, the Marlins were left with a 2-2 tie on the stadium.
On March 19, 2009, Miami commissioners approved building the new stadium in a 3–2 vote. Those supporting the stadium deal were Joe Sanchez, Angel Gonzalez and Michelle Spence-Jones. Against the deal were Marc Sarnoff and Tomás Regalado. Also approved, by a 4–1 vote, was a bid waiver for a private contractor to work around the facility. A super majority was required for the bid waiver, and Sarnoff joined the majority. The final issue before the commission, dealing with an inter-local agreement, passed unanimously. With approval by the county, the team would change its name to the Miami Marlins.
On March 23, 2009, Miami-Dade County Commission engaged in more than nine hours of debate over giving final approval to the multi-million dollar stadium-finance deal. DuPuy again spoke of relocation if the county would not vote for approval. During the debate he asked the commissioners if they wanted Miami to become the "only major city in America without major league baseball." With the team finishing last in the majors in attendance and payroll in 2008, Samson argued that the ballpark would improve both areas. He said he expected near-capacity crowds nightly the first year in the team's new home, and an annual attendance above 2 million for at least seven seasons.
"With the increased revenues we expect from the new ballpark, we would expect to be certainly a middle-of-the-pack, industry-average payroll," Samson said. "But only time will tell."
Miami-Dade County commissioners answered the Florida Marlins' 15-year quest for a permanent home by agreeing to bankroll a big share of construction cost. The vote was 9–4. Voting in favor of the stadium plan were Commissioners Dennis Moss, Bruno Barreiro, Audrey Edmonson, Natacha Seijas, Javier Souto, Barbara Jordan, Dorrin Rolle, Jose "Pepe" Diaz, and Rebeca Sosa. Also, by a 10–3 vote, commissioners approved a bid waiver for the stadium's construction manager. The votes drew applause in the chamber.
But not all were convinced by MLB's arguments that tax money was essential to assist the Marlins' stadium project, especially with debt financing incurred by the county. "We keep hearing 'If you build it they will come,'" said Commissioner Katy Sorenson, who cast a vote against the plan. "I don't believe it. And this 'field of dreams' is going to be a nightmare for our taxpayers."
On April 1, 2009, Miami's planning board voted 6–1 to approve the overall construction permit for the Marlins' new ballpark.
By June 30, 2009, the sale of construction bonds to pay for the new stadium had fallen short of expectations on Wall Street, prompting a scramble at County Hall and a pledge by the Marlins to cover the funding difference. Miami-Dade County Manager George Burgess asked commissioners to rush approval on increasing the interest rate on a portion of $409 million in bonds, but said he didn't know what the final costs would be to repay them. In the early hours of July 1, 2009, county commissioners cast the final vote on a set of last-minute changes that cleared the way for the sale of higher-interest bonds, granting Burgess's request.
In the now finalized deal—supported by Miami Mayor Manny Diaz, Miami-Dade County Mayor Carlos Alvarez, and Burgess—the total building cost of the stadium complex rose by a few million to $634 million. More than 80 percent of that would be paid for using public money. Analysts of the bonds sale soon publicized that—with interest compounding over 40 years—the total cost to the county to repay them would rise to $2.4 billion. As the Miami media and bloggers circulated reports of the staggering fiscal numbers, construction began with a ground-breaking ceremony on July 18, 2009.
Backlash and mayoral recall.
The 2009 election for the next mayor of Miami became a race between two candidates on opposing sides of the controversial stadium vote. As the term-limited City of Miami Mayor Manny Diaz's time in office neared its end, the Marlins endorsed City Commissioner Joe Sanchez's run for the office. Executives from the Marlins and Major League Baseball held fundraisers and donated money to the campaign of Sanchez, a leading supporter of the stadium plan. The Marlins sent their mascot, Billy the Marlin, to appear at some campaign events alongside Sanchez. However, on November 3, 2009, former City Commissioner Tomás Regalado, a leading opponent of the stadium plan, was elected as mayor over Sanchez with 72% of the vote. Regalado attributed his landside victory to his public opposition to the new stadium's financing, his verbal sparring with former mayor (and stadium-plan supporter) Diaz, and his populist message.
During the 2009–10 offseason, the other MLB owners reprimanded the Marlins for purloining too much of the approximately $75 million in revenue sharing and Central Fund monies they receive annually. After the MLB Players Association threatened to file a formal grievance against the team's alleged violations of the league's revenue-sharing provisions, the Marlins formally agreed with the union to use all revenue-sharing proceeds on player development and salaries for the next 3 seasons. The news raised public suspicion that the Marlins' front office was being dishonest in their arguments to county and city commissioners that they were barely breaking even financially year after year. President David Samson, who had denied the team profited at Sun Life Stadium but would not offer any figures, said: "Very often the mistake that's made is they look at revenue sharing numbers and the team's payroll and take the difference and see profit without looking at our expenses."
In August 2010, the Marlins' financial documents were leaked to "Deadspin" and published on the Internet which showed that the team had a healthy net operating profit of $37.8 million in 2008 alone—an amount nearly double the league-low $21.8 million the Marlins spent on team payroll that same year. The documents also showed that they were continuing to turn millions of dollars in profit in the middle of the Great Recession while receiving more revenue-sharing money than any team in baseball by 2009. Analysts extrapolated the data and some concluded that the franchise had profited by more than $91 million in the 3 years leading up to the county commissioners' passing the stadium plan in 2008. Samson immediately called the leak "a crime" while MLB scrambled to find the source of the leak. But many fans and taxpayers in the Miami area were angrier at the revelation contained within the documents. Still, Samson insisted that the Marlins owner, Jeffrey Loria, "didn't put a dime in his pocket," and claimed that the team was in "debt" despite evidence to the contrary. Samson later said the team showed a hefty profit in certain years when it was conserving money for its ballpark project.
Meanwhile, word spread about expensive commissions for works by some of Loria's favorite artists inside the new stadium, including $2.5 million taken from the county's Art in Public Places department for a Red Grooms sculpture behind center field. Taxpayers directed their outrage at the government officials who supported the public financing of the stadium during a time of high unemployment, and without a referendum. Opponents of the stadium deal charged that officials had sold out generations of South Floridians to an owner who could have contributed much more to cover the cost for his own building.
On March 15, 2011, Miami-Dade County voters ousted Mayor Carlos Alvarez in a recall election, for his backing the ballpark and pushing for a higher property-tax rate. His manager George Burgess, who helped engineer the deal, left soon thereafter. County Commissioner Natacha Seijas was recalled alongside Alvarez for largely the same reasons. The recall effort was led by the same billionaire who lost his legal challenge to the park's financing plan back in 2008, Norman Braman. A vocal opponent of the stadium deal, former commissioner Carlos A. Giménez, succeeded Alvarez as county mayor after a special election was held on June 28, 2011.
The franchise held a major rebranding event on November 11, 2011. During the festivities, the "Florida Marlins" were officially renamed the "Miami Marlins" as required by the stadium contract with the city government. The team also unveiled its new uniforms and colors which were designed to match the colors of Marlins Park.
Taxpayer furor continued during the 2011–12 offseason, as Miami Mayor Regalado publicized details of contract clauses in which the city will incur heavy annual charges. The charges include as much as $2 million per year in taxes to the county for the parking facilities leased to the Marlins, and the city must also pay the Marlins stadium maintenance fee of $250,000 annually. "That [parking-facilities] tax will seriously hurt the City of Miami and the taxpayer will have to foot the bill," said Regalado. "I am also concerned because in that same contract the city has to remit a quarter of a million dollars every year for the maintenance of the stadium we do not own or operate. This is a bad contract that has become a nightmare." Regalado indicated that city would legally challenge terms of the contract agreed to by the previous administration, but he would not attempt to derail the stadium project.
Hours before the opening game at Marlins Park on April 4, 2012, team executives held a ceremonial ribbon-cutting with Miami-Dade County and city of Miami officials. Neither Miami-Dade County Mayor Giménez nor City of Miami Mayor Regalado accepted invitations to attend the photo-op in a show of solidarity with public opposers of the finance plan. "It would have been hypocrisy on my part to celebrate," Regalado said. "I wish them the best, and I hope this will bring a championship to Miami, but I still believe it was a bad deal for the city."
Loria dismissed the public backlash as "naysayers... and people who just can't stop shooting their mouths off." He said:
"There'll always be activists in a community who don't know what they're talking about it, who have their own agendas. There are people who do not understand that we didn't take one dime away from anybody's public services in this city. These dollars that were put into this building from the city were tourist dollars—generated by tourists to increase tourism. And it had to be put back—into what is called the "public-private partnership"—into something like a ballpark or an arena. But a major-league city like Miami needed this kind of facility and they have it now." 
Financing.
"Breakdown:"
The total cost to the county is $2.4 billion, spread over 40 years, to repay $409 million in bonds that will primarily, though not exclusively, cover stadium construction. Roughly $100 million will refinance existing bond debt and another $9 million goes into a debt service reserve fund. The remaining $300 million is for stadium construction, financed in two ways.
One portion, underwritten by Merrill Lynch totaling $220 million, has an interest rate of 6.4 percent and requires immediate repayment. In October 2010 the county must pay $9.6 million, though there are questions over whether tourist taxes will meet that. Annual payments run through 2049 and climb as high as $71 million per year.
The second portion, underwritten by JP Morgan, is for $91 million, $80 million of that for construction. That carries an 8.17 rate, but repayment doesn't begin until 2025. Yet that grace period comes with a big price: $83 million a year for three years starting in 2038. Then, starting in 2041, six years of payments totaling $118 million annually. The resulting total amount to retire the entire debt: $2.4 billion.
Not listed in the breakdown are the annual charges that the city is required to pay during the lifetime of the contract. They are as much as $2 million per year for the parking-facilities taxes payable to the county, and $250 thousand per year to pay the Marlins' stadium maintenance fees. Adding these future expenses to contributions already made brings the city's total stadium expenses to $210.7 million by 2049.
The Marlins received an interest free, $35 million loan from the county that it will pay back through yearly rent beginning at about $2.3 million and increasing 2 percent each year. Including this debt brings the team's total stadium expenses to $161.2 million through 2028. The county and city combined total expenses are $2.61 billion through 2049.
The stadium deal also gives the Marlins almost all revenue created at the ballpark, from ticket sales as well as food and drink concessions, to parking spaces selling above $10, to gate receipts from concerts and soccer matches when the ballclub is not playing.
SEC investigation.
"The Miami Herald" reported on December 2, 2011 that the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission (SEC) had issued subpoenas to the city of Miami and Miami-Dade County, requesting financial records, meeting minutes and communications with executives from the Marlins and Major League Baseball dating back to 2007. The executives named in the subpoena include baseball commissioner Bud Selig, ex-MLB president Robert DuPuy, Loria and Samson. The investigation may revolve around the Marlins' claims that the team needed public help because it could not afford to pay for a new ballpark.
Under examination are the nearly $500 million in bonds and the circumstances surrounding their sale. Another issue specifically mentioned by the SEC is the $2 million in property taxes that the city is required to pay the county for parking garages operated by the Marlins. Also under investigation are any campaign contributions from the Marlins organization and MLB to local and state elected officials. (Jeffrey Loria, Loria's wife, Robert DuPuy, and DuPuy's spouse are known to have donated to the failed mayoral campaign of city commissioner Joe Sanchez, among others.)
A former lawyer for the SEC said the watchdog agency likely wants to know whether the purchasers of stadium bonds were given full disclosure of the financial status of the borrowers involved, and also whether there may have been any "pay for play" involved on behalf of the parties. If the SEC finds wrongdoing in the investigation, it can choose to bring a civil suit against parties involved, issue fines or refer the case to the United States Department of Justice for possible criminal charges.
Design.
Contemporary architecture.
Marlins Park has the distinction of being the first MLB park designed in what stadium planners are calling the "contemporary" architectural style. The architecture is intended to shout a statement about the present-day culture of the city in which the stadium stands: Miami. It rejects the nostalgic idiom of the 20 consecutive new (plus 3 renovated) retro ballparks that opened in the 2 decades after Camden Yards was built. Owner Jeffrey Loria, who spearheaded the design, wanted his building to be "different and experimental." Loria said, "I thought it was time for baseball to be innovative."
In early 2008, Loria happened to be in London at the same time as some architects from Populous who were there on another project. The group met in a hotel lobby to begin discussing design ideas. Loria described the meeting:
"When it all started, the architects came to me and asked what I had envisioned. Was I looking to have a retro stadium? Did we have that in mind? I said, 'No retro, no art-deco, no looking back. Miami is a spectacular city, looking ahead. We need to be looking forward. I'd like to see us build a great, "contemporary" building...' 
"We had to think about some kind of design for it and what it might look like... I really did not want it to be just another ballpark. I wasn't interested in a 1970s or '80s doughnut... I wanted it to be a statement of what Miami is all about -- a contemporary city. Miami is an important American city and architecture makes your city great. The idea was to create something very contemporary." 
Loria then sketched his idea of a round building on a napkin and told the architects to bring him back some real drawings. Exec architect Earl Santee, who was present at the meeting, said, "Mr. Loria told us to make a piece of art." 
The architects returned to their Kansas City offices and began brainstorming in April 2008. "We were waiting for a client willing to break the mold," said Greg Sherlock, the project's lead designer at Populous. Loria "sort of let us do our thing and explore something unique. We knew from the beginning that this was going to be something new and different." As a result, classic elements such as redbrick, limestone, and muted forest-green seats or fences, would not be found anywhere in Marlins Park. Any visible steel trusses would be functionally required to be that way, unlike retro-style trusses which tend to be exposed and bare for aesthetics. According to Sherlock, the structure would convey "that a ballpark doesn't necessarily have to be bricks and steel to translate a message about its location. It can be interpreted in a fresh way."
The stadium would also not be symmetrical like the "cookie-cutter" stadiums of the pre-Camden, modern era. But eccentricities to the seating bowl and fences need not appear as contrived as those meticulously added into some of the retro parks (such as "Tal's Hill" in Minute Maid Park, or the "Mo's Zone" in Citi Field).
Populous began conducting feasibility studies for their "primary design objectives." The top objective was creating ""a ballpark that is quintessentially Miami,"" which meant, according to a list of adjectives that the architects drew up: "palms, destination, diverse, recreation, and beach." A similar list was drawn up for the Little Havana neighborhood around the future park: "Cuba, pastels, canopies, organic, and everything is unique." They created a presentation for the Marlins tailored to Loria's background in the art business with concepts such as "the site is a gallery space with the ballpark representing gallery walls", and "pure art... pure color... pure baseball." Four different initial designs were presented, all of which were stark departures from previous ballpark architecture. Both the Marlins' and Populous' favorite choice was a design of an angular white-curves-and-glass facade—a metaphor for the "water merging with land" landscape of the Miami area—which was close to what eventually became the final design.
"For the first time, you can embrace art and architecture and baseball in one building form," Santee said. "It's not just the art in the building, but the building itself is a piece of art."
"If you're looking for a label, I'd say "contemporary,"" Sherlock said. "In this particular case, we didn't adopt anything stylistically. It's sculpture quality, and with sculpture, there are no rules. We wanted an experience that connects the fan experience to the city of Miami and its people and its climate and culture."
"All about Miami".
The ballpark is intended to embody Miami so much that its emblematic features would look out-of-place if they were put in other cities.
"We used Miami as an excuse to do things that other cities couldn't get away with," team President David Samson said. "Everywhere you look, it's things that if they were anywhere else, people would say, 'You can't do that.' In Miami, people say, 'Oh, that's Miami.' You have to take advantage where you are."
"Marlins Park is all about Miami," said Sherlock. The exterior is a sculptural monument consisting of gleaming white stucco, steel, aluminum, and glass. The inclining elliptical form avoids creating many rigid, right angles. Angled, cantilevered pedestrian ramps also form elegant geometric shapes. "It's consistent with the essence of the buildings that are down here -- white plaster and graceful forms, which are somewhat of an abstraction of the look and feel of Miami Deco," Sherlock continued. Even the parking-garage walls are tiled in Miami-Deco pastels that connect with Little Havana.
As visitors walk from the outside in, they step right on metaphors for Miami's topography, including concrete pavers that in general are either green or blue ("grass" or "sea"). They walk past landscaping that evokes the "beach"—there's even sand—in places. There's cobalt-blue glass at eye level ("ocean"), the stucco and concrete ("land" or "buildings"), and the paler blue-gray glass at the upper levels ("sky"). The seats are also cobalt-blue, facing the naturally green, Bermuda grass field.
When Marlins fans first realized that the original colors of the team would not appear on the seats in the new stadium—and ultimately not on the new uniforms either—some angrily started a petition known as "Project Teal." But Samson said it was necessary to ignore fans' complaints: "I think any time you do something new and different, the knee-jerk reaction from bloggers or people who post comments is negative. But we have blinders on. This ballpark would have never been built if we had listened to the negativity."
Loria, a notable art dealer, took the four bright primary colors off the palette of the late Catalan surrealist, Joan Miró, to conveniently label different zones around the park—green (outfield), red (third-base line), yellow (first-base line) and blue (behind home plate). "If you look carefully, in those sections, they dissolve into the next color, and the colors mix," Loria said. Wide open plazas at the east and colorful west ends of the building, as well as a 360-degree concourse inside called the Promenade encourages fans to walk around—and to intermingle at stops such as the bars or the bobblehead museum. Dazzling colors are found throughout the interior, including fluorescent lime-green fences, and in modernist & contemporary works of art—including the much-debated animatronic home-run sculpture—that relate to baseball and Miami.
"My idea was to have people use their eyes and encourage them to use their eyes," said Loria. "We wanted a ballpark filled with great baseball, great entertainment, and occasionally, some images to be seen and enjoyed. It's not about an art gallery. But it's about images relating to the game. There are a few of them in the park."
A nightclub featuring loud music and a swimming pool just beyond the left field fence brings a touch of South Beach into the park. "Taste of Miami" food court includes such local cuisine as Cuban sandwiches, pork sandwiches, and stone crabs. There's even an aquarium inside the walls of home plate backstop containing live, tropical fish.
Marlins Park pays tribute to the two football stadiums closely associated with the team's stadium history. It transfers over "The Bermuda Triangle" quirk of Sun Life Stadium's outfield fence as a nod to their team's early years. However, instead of straight lines, the new "triangle" is a wave-like shape that smoothly curves upwardly around the base of the large home-run sculpture, making the nook appear necessary to the design of the asymmetrical fence. The height of the tall wall varies from to . The are also commemorations to the beloved old Orange Bowl both inside and outside of the park.
A critical design point addresses the tropical climate of South Florida. Fans are provided with the comfort they longed for at Sun Life Stadium with the daunting 5.27-acre retractable roof, retractable-glass wall panels that offer a panoramic view of Downtown Miami, and a huge air-conditioning system. The stadium is also said to be designed to withstand strong hurricanes.
"If our ballpark would speak, its first words would be, '¡Hola, Miami!,'" Loria said during a new-era ceremony.
Technology and going green.
Instead of framing new technology with nostalgic elements as in retro parks, Marlins Park emphasizes the future. Besides electronic mixed-media artwork, technology is also unmistakably used for commercial purposes. As a way to market to Latino fans, many digital menu boards on the concession stands continuously switch from English to Spanish and back. Also, there are no hand-operated advertisement signs; ads are all computerized.
"What it means is that operators could run a third-inning (concession) special and it would pop up... You could have the whole building with one sponsor for one moment, if you wanted to. Or you could do zones. It gives them maximum flexibility for however they want to present their partners as well as themselves."
As part of its forward-thinking design, the venue is an efficient, environmentally-friendly green building in its use of materials, waste, and operation. The selection of building materials included sealants, paint, and adhesives with low VOC (volatile organic compounds) to maximize good indoor-air quality. A white rubber membrane lining the roof reflects rays to reduce "heat-island effect." The extensive glass facade allows in natural light during the day and reduces reliance on artificial light. The suites are built with replenishable bamboo paneling instead of hardwood. Most construction waste was hauled away to recycling centers during the building phase.
Palm trees and other native plant species around the building encourage biodiversity. Levy Restaurants, which runs some of the kitchens, gets most of its fresh-food supply directly from local farms that are within a 100-mile radius of the stadium. Approximately 6 million gallons of water a year are saved with the use of 249 waterless urinals.
An early aim of the new ballpark was to become the first retractable-roof ballpark to be Silver Certified by Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED). On May 25, 2012, Marlins Park surpassed that goal by officially becoming the first MLB stadium—and the first retractable-roof stadium in any sport—to achieve LEED Gold Certification, anointing the facility as the most sustainable ballpark in MLB. The LEED-NC (New Construction) rating system credited the stadium with 40 points toward certification, the highest total of any LEED-certified park in the majors—the retro-contemporary ballparks of Target Field (36 points) and Nationals Park (34 points) are the only others to achieve LEED certification.
Although they were publicly seeking silver, Loria had privately challenged engineers to shoot for the higher gold certification. The most difficult aspect of achieving gold, though—and one the design team had doubt it would be able to accomplish—was concerning the energy required to operate the retractable roof. Populous thought renewable energy would be a part of the sustainability equation but the park opened without solar panels. However, engineers optimized lighting, mechanical controls, and electrical aspects enough to achieve a 22.4-percent reduction in energy usage, which exceeded the 14 percent required for certification.
The U.S. Green Building Council noted an innovation which earned the facility three credits: Throughout areas of the stadium, including the clubhouses, the floor is made of a synthetic pouring made from recycled Nike shoes. The Council presented Loria with a plaque to signify the entire gold-certification achievement.
"A lot of people have often thought this Gold Certification is an award. I'd like to think about this as 'the organization has earned its Ph. D,' because earning one of these is not an easy task. The team that's up here did some amazing things to bring this plaque to the building." -- Rick Fedrizzi, President, CEO and Founding Chair of U.S. Green Building Council
"It was our desire from the onset to not only build America's greatest new ballpark, but also its most environmentally friendly," said Loria.
Problems with grass and retractable roof.
Since first laying down sod in early February 2012, the grass has had difficulty growing under the frequently-closed roof. Planners had selected a strain of Bermuda grass—named Celebration—for its reputation of doing well in the shade. Even so, with the grass receiving only about 4 hours per day of sunlight, some of the sod kept turning brown. The worst-affected area is in deep right field where patches of dead sod have been replaced multiple times. Groundskeepers are attempting to point grow lights on the area to nurse it to health on non-game days.
During the first months of games played at the new park, at least 4 or 5 leaks showed themselves in the retractable roof. Fans sitting in at least 4 seating sections still got wet under the drippy roof on rainy days. Leaks have progressively appeared under different spots as stadium workers kept plugging them by opening up the roof panels and patching the joints.
Samson said it will take time to work out the kinks: "We knew going in that other retractable-roof ballparks had to make adjustments for one or two years to get their field right. We hoped that we'd get it right the first time. So far it's not right. We're going to keep working and find a way to make it better." 
Features.
The Marlins' front office commissioned several works of art and other notable features around the stadium.
History.
2012–present.
Marlin Park hosted a trio of soft openings prior to Spring training. The first baseball game took place on March 5, 2012 with a high school baseball game between Christopher Columbus High School and Belen Jesuit Preparatory School. The Marlins played an exhibition game on March 6 against the Miami Hurricanes (defeating the Canes 7-6) and on March 7 against the FIU Golden Panthers (defeating the Panthers 5-1). The Marlins then hosted two spring training exhibition games at the new ballpark against the New York Yankees on April 1 and 2, 2012.
Before a sellout crowd of 36,601, the Marlins played their first regular season game on April 4, 2012, against the St. Louis Cardinals (losing to the Cards, 4-1). The inaugural game was nationally televised on ESPN. As part of the Opening Night fanfare, players were announced onto the field while escorted by scantily-clad Brazilian dancers in full headdress. Muhammad Ali threw out the ceremonial first pitch after he was carted out to the field alongside Jeffrey Loria.
In 2011, the Marlins attendance had ranked 28th in majors during their final year at Sun Life Stadium. With a brand new ballpark, hiring manager Ozzie Guillén, and the team's payroll expansion to over $100 million (a club record resulting from the signings of free agents José Reyes, Mark Buehrle and Heath Bell, as well as the trade acquisitions of Carlos Zambrano and later Carlos Lee), Marlins officials expected attendance to skyrocket.
"With the team we are putting together, we expect there to be very few empty seats at this ballpark "ever,"" David Samson told reporters. "We have always told ourselves build it small and sell it out, and that's what we're going to do."
The Marlins went on to finish the ballpark's inaugural season 18th in MLB attendance, averaging 27,400 per home game. The increase was a significant improvement, but far short of expectations. In fact, Marlins Park had the smallest first-year attendance of the 11 ballparks that had opened between 2001 and 2012. The disappointing figures are largely attributed to the team's poor play on the field, as they finished in last place (69-93) in the NL East Division. Other cited explanations as to why some fans stayed away include opposition to the stadium's Little Havana location, and resentment over the use of public money to build it.
As the team underperformed both on the scoreboard and at the box office in their new ballpark, the Marlins traded away the face of the franchise, Hanley Ramírez, and 4 other veterans with contracts (Aníbal Sánchez, Omar Infante, Randy Choate, and Edward Mujica) in exchange for lower-salaried prospects in midseason 2012. The moves caused more tension with fans and made headlines around baseball that the Marlins had begun the third fire sale in team history—except this time it followed the opening of a new stadium instead of a World Series championship. But Marlins' President of Baseball Operations Larry Beinfest insisted that trades were not signaling a "fire sale" or a "white flag," despite the sudden drop in payroll. "We understand there's skepticism here," he said. "Yes, we have our history fire sales, but that's not what's going on here. This was about the current mix wasn't winning, so let's try something else." 
Fan fears of a fire sale in progress appeared to be confirmed during the offseason following the park's opening season as the front office proceeded to turn over much of the roster (including all recent free-agent signings) while massively unloading payroll. Manager Guillén was fired, in part for comments he made before the season about his admiring Fidel Castro's ability to stay in power. Heath Bell was dealt away a week earlier for a minor leaguer. Then, in a bombshell 12-player trade announced during baseball owners meetings in November 2012, the Marlins sent Reyes, Buehrle, ace pitcher Josh Johnson, Emilio Bonifacio, John Buck, and cash considerations to the Toronto Blue Jays in exchange for Yunel Escobar, Jeff Mathis, and 5 prospects. (Escobar was then re-traded for a prospect a month later.) Overall, the Marlins jettisoned more money in contract commitments via trades during the second half of 2012 ($225 million) then they had added in the free agency signings meant to usher in the new stadium era during the previous offseason ($191 million). Team payroll for the stadium's second opening day in 2013 projects to be one of the lowest payrolls in baseball once again.
After years of the pretense that a taxpayer-funded ballpark would finally solve the franchise's cycles of fire sales and low payrolls, the ownership's apparent return to the same policies merely months after construction completed sparked outrage from many Marlins fans. Irate fans and a few players vented anger—some tying stadium deal with the trades—on talk radio and social media, with most criticism directed at either Bud Selig, or Samson and Loria. "We finished in last place. Figure it out... We have to take a new course," a defiant Loria said to one reporter when asked about a fire sale. He dismissed another group of reporters, saying: "Not today boys. If you guys haven't figured it out yet, I'm not going to figure it out for you."
In retrospect, the team's brief honeymoon in their new home made this preseason quip from then manager Guillén sound foreboding: "It's like having a beautiful house and your marriage stinks. We have a beautiful house here, but if the people who live in it are not good, you're not going to have fun." 
In a radio interview, Samson sought to put the smaller payroll in perspective with Marlins Park. "It's a great ballpark and now we need a great team to go with it and we thought we had it last year and the evidence was overwhelming that we didn't," he said. When asked if he and Loria had pulled off a "Ponzi scheme" by fleecing the public in the stadium deal and selling them back a "sham" a year later, Samson replied that the stadium is accomplishing its main purpose of keeping pro baseball in Miami. He drew comparisons to their former ownership of the (now relocated) Montreal Expos and Olympic Stadium: "The difference in Montreal, there was no ballpark, there was no future. There is a long term future for baseball in Miami. That's what the ballpark has always been about was making sure an All Star game can come to Miami, making sure that generations will see baseball...
"matters at the end of the day is not the payroll...," Samson also said. "Let's not forget how much money Jeffrey Loria himself put in—over $160 million of his money to get a ballpark built, which has been a very positive thing and will continue to be long after all of us are gone." The stadium contract only required the Marlins pay $125.2 million out of pocket during the early years of the project. Samson was including in his figure the interest-free, $35 million loan that the Marlins will repay to the county by the year 2028.
The stadium hosted its first non-baseball event when the national soccer teams of Venezuela and Nigeria played a match on November 14, 2012. The field was configured for soccer by covering the infield dirt, placing one goal near the Marlins' dugout on the third-base side and the other in front of the visitors' bullpen in right field. "Baseball is our core product -- it's perfect for baseball -- but as you can see tonight, soccer fits well," said Sean Flynn, senior vice president of marketing and events at Marlins Park.
The stadium was supposed to host the 22nd annual World Music Awards on December 22, 2012, but the event was cancelled due to logistical and multiple visa issues and in view of this week's national mourning of the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting.
Starting in January 2013, Marlins Park is hosting the Miami Soccer Challenge as part of a three-year partnership with Global Football Challenge.
Marlins Park hosted the Pool 2 during the second round of the 2013 World Baseball Classic on March 12–16, 2013.
On April 20, 2013, the park will host "America's Night of Hope" with Joel and Victoria Osteen, an annual stadium event for Joel Osteen Ministries.

</doc>
<doc id="19502541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19502541" title="Merry Christmas, Drake &amp; Josh">
Merry Christmas, Drake &amp; Josh

Merry Christmas, Drake & Josh is a television movie, based on the Nickelodeon sitcom "Drake & Josh". Drake Bell, Josh Peck, Miranda Cosgrove, Nancy Sullivan, and Jonathan Goldstein reappear as their respective characters; with several recurring characters from the TV series also reappearing.
The film premiered on December 5, 2008, as a Nickelodeon Original Movie. It was the third most viewed TV movie on cable behind "High School Musical 2" and "", both owned by Disney Channel.
The film premiered 15 months after the end of the original "Drake & Josh" series, despite not being the series finale of the show.
Plot.
The film starts off with a snowglobe showing the Parker-Nichols home. Walter (Jonathan Goldstein) and Audrey (Nancy Sullivan) prepare to leave for a tropical vacation. Drake (Drake Bell) and Megan (Miranda Cosgrove) return home and Josh (Josh Peck) shows them his snowman air balloon decoration. Megan cuts the string, making the snowman glide away leading to Josh running after it. The scene shifts to Drake and Josh going to the Premiere. Drake tells Josh that he will be throwing a Christmas party on the roof of the Premiere, which Josh does not approve of because he is not sure that Helen (Yvette Nicole Brown) would approve either. Drake tells him that he has already spoken with Helen about it and that it is fine as long as she is invited (and if there are churros).
Helen hands Drake a Santa costume to wear in the mall. Josh is upset because Helen told him that he could not be Santa (since he lost weight over the years). Meanwhile Audrey and Walter make it to their island, which turns out to be a disaster. Back at the mall, Drake makes out with a teenage girl. Josh is annoyed and tries to get their attention eventually yelling "Santa!!" at which point they break. One of the other people, which happens be to an overweight woman who likes Drake, waiting in line for Santa, climbs on Drake to kiss him, starts to chase him eventually leading him to steal an old ladies electronic wheelchair to flee from her. He hides and he meets a little girl named Mary Alice Johansson (Bailee Madison). She says she and her family want the best Christmas ever. He made a Christmas promise he will do so; but it is said in the film that "you can't break a Christmas promise", and Drake does not realize he "will" have to give her family the "best Christmas ever".
Next they're at Drake's Christmas party up on the roof of the Premiere. At the party, Mindy (Allison Scagliotti) has to leave to go and visit her grandparents, leaving Josh upset. Crazy Steve (Jerry Trainor) shows up in front of Drake and Josh, and shows them a wood chipper called "Sally" on his cell phone. Craig (Alec Medlock) and Eric (Scott Halberstadt) come and tell Drake that the last song was great and he should perform it in the Christmas parade, but Drake says that the parade is for dorks and losers and that he is going to Las Vegas for Christmas to hear a band play inviting Josh when he gets upset that they will not be able to spend Christmas together. Later on, a few party crashers come to the party. When Josh calls the cops, they inadvertently mistake him for one of the party crashers and arrest him. With his attention turned away from Drake, Josh falls off the roof and lands in the back of a pickup truck, which drives off with the police trailing close behind.
When the truck turns at an intersection, Josh tumbles out, causing the police to arrest him. After Josh is arrested and sent to jail, he meets his prison roommate, Bludge (Kimbo Slice). At first, Bludge tries to beat him up, until Josh entertains Bludge with magic tricks. This makes Bludge change his mind about Josh. However, he says he claims he has to beat him up, so he can protect his reputation in jail. Bludge and Josh bang on the walls with Josh pretending to shout in pain, to get others to believe Josh is getting beat up.
Mary Alice brings up a story of how she has a sick foster mom and a busy foster dad. Drake knowing he has to fulfill that promise, attempts to break Josh out to help him. But is caught immediately after, landing both of them in trouble. Drake and Josh are sent to court and Helen acts as their lawyer. She tells Judge Newman (Henry Winkler) that Drake has made a promise to Mary Alice that he'd give her the best Christmas ever. Then the judge says that he will not send them to jail as long as they fulfill that promise.
They meet the cruel and embittered Officer Perry Gilbert (David Pressman), who says that he will take a vote from Mary Alice's family on Christmas asking them if they had the best Christmas ever. If any of them says no, they must go to jail. The duo soon meet Mary Alice's foster family, which include Lily and Violet (Camille and Cosette Goldstein), two frequently pounding-on-each-other twins, Zigfee (David Gore), a foreign guy who speaks an unknown language, Trey (Daven Wilson), a know-it-all, and Luke (Devon Graye), Mary Alice's rebellious older brother who refuses to participate with everyone else. They find many possibilities in giving Mary Alice's family the best Christmas ever, but their attempts are foiled by Officer Gilbert. Drake and Josh confront Megan, asking her to sabotage Officer Gilbert's doings by bribing her with Trevor's rare Smith Royal oboe, saying it was given to him by his grandfather. However, after soon realizing that he didn't actually own one, Megan refuses her promise to Drake and Josh.
Josh goes to visit Officer Gilbert's mother and claim they must hate them somehow for making their lives miserable. His mother claims that Officer Gilbert does not hate them and that he hates Christmas. Then, she tells them how Officer Gilbert always wanted a pet chimpanzee for Christmas. When he was eight on Christmas morning, he snuck downstairs and found there was a monkey sitting by the tree in a cage. But when he opened the cage door, it attacked him, causing him to hate Christmas ever since. Drake and Josh realize that since Christmas was ruined for him, he now wants to ruin it for everyone else.
At the Christmas parade, Officer Gilbert tricks Crazy Steve (who arrives in a DeLorean) into reminding the two in front of Mary Alice that they were only being kind to her so that they would not go to prison. Mary Alice and her family leave and threaten to vote "no" when the court asks them to vote, thinking jail as an appropriate punishment for Drake and Josh for deceiving the family.
Drake and Josh both decide to keep their promise no matter what. So the duo sends Officer Gilbert a sweet baby chimpanzee named Cookie as a Christmas present, completely changing his personality. Then, they try to use Crazy Steve's wood chipper to make it snow in front of Mary Alice's house. The wood chipper shoots large chunks of ice through the neighborhood where Mary Alice lives and causes more trouble as it destroys everything. The chipper then knocks out Drake and Josh and the now-kind Officer Gilbert and some other officers take them home. The next morning, Officer Gilbert explained to Mary Alice and her family what really happened; that Drake and Josh were not really trying to use them to stay out of prison.
They have Officer Gilbert and the other officers "arrest" them and bring them to the living room, where Mary Alice's family and other people surprise them. They then have the vote on whether they all had the best Christmas ever or not, with everyone voting "yes"; Zigfee learning his first English word. As they start singing, Josh's former cell mate Bludge comes down the chimney, breaking it in the process to deliver gifts to Mary Alice's family and others, including a Smith Royal oboe for Megan. Mindy arrives too, wanting to learn everything that happened and Crazy Steve gets "Sally" to make snow by using seven thousand pounds of "hard cheese". Drake and Josh's parents then arrive home from their troubled vacation at their "bungalow", which was blown away earlier in a tropical storm. As everyone plays in the blanket of "cheese snow", the film then draws to a close, as everyone truly has the "best Christmas ever".
Cast.
From the TV show.
The show's vast majority of recurring characters returned for the special, all played by their original actors. Crazy Steve takes a more major role in this film, having a larger role in the film than Audrey or Walter.
Movie only.
These characters all have a larger role than most characters, second only to Drake, Josh, and Megan.
Music.
The opening theme for the movie entitled "Christmas Promise" was composed and performed by Drake & Josh series composer Backhouse Mike. Miranda Cosgrove did a cover of "Christmas Wrapping", and the song became the single of the movie, but no soundtrack was released. The cast featuring Drake Bell, Josh Peck, & the kids do a cover of "12 Days of Christmas" in the movie. Drake Bell made a music video for his cover of "Jingle Bells" which promoted the movie and can be seen on the DVD.
Nielsen ratings.
The premiere of "Merry Christmas, Drake & Josh" broke the record of most viewers for the premiere of a Nickelodeon Movie with 9.10 million viewers, a title previously held by "iGo to Japan".

</doc>
<doc id="19502579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19502579" title="United Nations Security Council Resolution 1834">
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1834

UN Security Council Resolution 1834 was adopted unanimously by the 15 member states of the United Nations Security Council, extending the United Nations mission in Chad and the Central African Republic (MINURCAT) until March 15, 2009, which was due to expire on September 25, 2008.
__TOC__
Background.
The United Nations mission in Chad and the Central African Republic, MINURCAT(United Nations Mission in the Central African Republic and Chad ), was established in the United Nations Security Council Resolution 1778 on September 25, 2007, which would leave a multidimensional force in Chad and the Central African Republic (CAR) to help create security conductive to a voluntary and sustainable return of Refugees. The mission was created due to an estimated 230,000 refugees fleeing Darfur into eastern Chad and north-eastern CAR. Continued cross border assaults from Sudanese rebels have endangered refugees and local residents alike. The same resolution also authorized a European Union military deployment to support MINURCAT’s activities for one year, acting under Chapter VII of the United Nations Charter.
Before the vote, the Security Council held several meetings to discuss the resolution that would extend the United Nations mission in the region and have the United Nations take over the European Union led military force (EUFOR).
5981st Security Council meeting.
The 15 members of the United Nations Security Council convened at the United Nations headquarters in New York on September 24, 2008 to discuss extending the mandate on the mission to Chad and the Central African Republic, which was due to expire the next day. The meeting was called to order at 3:15 PM, with the President of the Security Council, Michel Kafando of Burkina Faso, introducing Ahmad Allam-Mi the representative of Chad who had been invited to sit in on the meeting. Members were given document S/2008/616, which contained the text of a draft resolution submitted by Belgium, Costa Rica, Croatia, France, the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya and the United States of America. Members of the Council also were given document S/2008/601 and Addendum 1, which contained the report of the Secretary-General on the United Nations Mission on the Central African Republic and Chad.
The United Kingdom representative Sir John Sawers expressed their support for the resolution, though listed a few concerns. "But there is much work to be done before the
Council can take a firm decision on a new peacekeeping mission," he said. "An expanded United Nations mission in Chad needs clear objectives, an achievable mandate, a sensible time frame for deployment, measurable benchmarks and a realistic end state that, once achieved, will enable the force to withdraw. We also question whether a force twice the size of EUFOR is needed." He also expressed reservation over a military presence in the Central African Republic, seeing no value to it, as well as calling for a 'disciplined and strategic approach to the management of scarce peacekeeping resources.'
The proceeding vote on the draft for the Resolution found all 15 members in favor, leading to the adoption of the draft resolution as Resolution 1834.

</doc>
<doc id="19502580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19502580" title="Alevtin Osipov">
Alevtin Osipov

Osipov made thirteen appearances for the Kazakhstan national football team in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="19502629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19502629" title="The Dream (In This Moment album)">
The Dream (In This Moment album)

The Dream is the second album by the American metalcore band In This Moment. The Dream, unlike their last album, features more use of clean vocals and harmonization rather than Maria Brink's high-pitched screams. The first single, "Forever", premiered on the band's Myspace page in August.
The album debuted at #73 on the Billboard Top 200 chart with first week sales of more than 8,000 copies.
Background.
Production.
Writing for "The Dream" began in late 2007 and recording in Las Vegas, Nevada in June 2008. Kevin Churko was enlisted as producer, due to his diverse collaborations with artists such as Ozzy Osbourne, Shania Twain, and Britney Spears.
Style.
The most notable differences between "The Dream" and "Beautiful Tragedy" are the missing metalcore elements and the ditching of Maria Brink’s screams in favor of more singing. The sound took a more 80’s inspired hard rock approach mixed with melodic metal. Brink describes the change more challenging and comfortable. In an interview with MTV, Brink explains:
"As a vocalist, screaming always came really easy for me — it wasn't much of a challenge, it just came out of me. The singing vocals were always more challenging. People always complimented me on my scream, but I didn't get a lot of feedback on my singing, so I just wanted to challenge myself a lot more on this record."
Concept.
Chris Howorth notes: "The basic idea behind calling our new album The Dream is that inside dreams anything can happen, all the things that seem impossible or unreachable in the 'real world' become a reality in your dreams. We wanted to make a record that you can lay down with, shut off the lights and have a total outerbody experience. We also wanted the record to be like a rollercoaster ride with explosive highs, beautiful lows and everything in between."
Promotion and tour.
Singles and videos.
"The Dream"'s first single was "Forever", which was released in August while the music video appeared weeks later. The video was directed by David Brodsky and features the band performing near the ocean and scenes of Maria underwater, which was filmed in a huge aquarium.
The band had been eyeing "Lost At Sea" or "Mechanical Love" as the second single, however it was announced that their cover of Blondie's "Call Me" will replace a track off "The Dream" as a single. The "Call Me" single was released on iTunes on May 26, 2009. The video was shot in the UK and released on June 23, 2009.
Tour information.
In support of "The Dream", the band kicked off a North American trek with Five Finger Death Punch and Bury Your Dead in October. In early 2009, they joined as a support act for Mudvayne and Nonpoint before heading to the UK in the spring for the Give It a Name tour. They were also a part of the summer’s Warped Tour lineup, performing at the Ernie Ball stage.
The band kicked off its first headlining tour called "A Winter To Remember" in November 2009 with Motionless In White, In Fear And Faith, and We Are Machines. Jesse Landry had parted ways with the band prior to the tour and has been replaced with Kyle Konkiel. The band placed a survey on their Myspace and allowed the fans to vote on what the wanted them to play. The set list included "All for You", "Her Kiss", "Forever", "The Great Divide", "Beautiful Tragedy", "Prayers", "Into the Light", along with others. They finished with an encore of "Daddy's Falling Angel" complete with circle pit.
Re-release.
"The Dream" was first re-released in the UK on April 13, 2009 to promote the band's appearance on the Give It a Name tour. In addition to "Call Me", two b-sides from "The Dream" sessions were included as bonus tracks, "A Dying Star" and "Sailing Away". These two tracks were meant to be included on the album but later omitted in favor of "Lost At Sea" and "The Dream".
An expanded reissue called The Ultra Violet Edition was released in the US on June 30, 2009 in time for their Warped Tour appearance. It contains new artwork and an additional disc of unreleased tracks and video footage.

</doc>
<doc id="19502641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19502641" title="Phillip Blond">
Phillip Blond

Phillip Blond (born 1 March 1966) is an English political philosopher, Anglican theologian and director of the ResPublica think tank.
Early life.
Born in Liverpool and educated at Pensby Secondary School for Boys, Blond went on to study philosophy and politics at the University of Hull, continental philosophy at the University of Warwick and theology at Peterhouse at the University of Cambridge. At Peterhouse, he was a student of John Milbank, founder of the Radical Orthodoxy theological movement and a noted critic of liberalism, philosophically understood. Blond's first work, "Post-Secular Philosophy: Between Philosophy and Theology", is very much in the Radical Orthodoxy line of thought and includes essays by many of that group's members. Blond won a prize research fellowship in philosophy at the New School for Social Research in New York.
Career.
Blond was a senior lecturer in Christian theology at the University of Cumbria and was a lecturer in the Department of Theology at the University of Exeter.
Blond was the director of the Progressive Conservatism Project at the London-based think-tank Demos, but left due to "political and philosophical differences" to establish his own think-tank, ResPublica.
Blond gained prominence from a cover story in "Prospect" magazine in the February 2009 edition with his essay on Red Toryism, which proposed a radical communitarian traditionalist conservatism that inveighed against both state and market monopoly. 
According to Blond, these two large-scale realities, while usually spoken of as diametrically opposed, are in reality the two sides of the same coin. As he explains it, modern and postmodern individualism and statism have always been connected of the hip, at least since the advent of Rousseau's thought, if not well before that in the work of Hobbes. In a series of articles in both "The Guardian" and "The Independent" he has argued for a wider recognition of the merits of civic conservatism and an appreciation of the potentially transformative impact of a new Tory settlement. 
In 2010, "The Telegraph" called him "a driving force behind David Cameron's 'Big Society' agenda."

</doc>
<doc id="19502649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19502649" title="Mr. J. Medeiros">
Mr. J. Medeiros

Jason C. Medeiros better known as Mr. J. Medeiros, is an American M.C., record producer, and songwriter He is responsible for forming the Hip Hop group The Procussions, the IAmConstance campaign, and his own label De Medeiros. He is of Portuguese and Scottish descent. He has released 3 albums with his former group The Procussions; “As Iron Sharpens Iron” and “Up All Night” both independently released and “5 Sparrows for 2 Cents” which was Rawkus Records first release from their reemergence in 2006. The Procussions shared the stage with many Hip Hop acts including The Roots, De La Soul, Lupe Fiasco, Mos Def, and were one of two acts on the Tribe Called Quest first reunion tour.
Mr.J. has written and produced music with such artists as, Talib Kweli Ahmad Jones, Shad, Marty James, 20Syl and French hip hop group Hocus Pocus.
Mr. J. Medeiros started his solo career in 2007 and put out his first album “Of gods and girls” on Rawkus Records that year. He then released “Friends Enemies Apples Apples” in 2009 followed by an EP titled "The Art of Broken Glass, both on his own label De Medeiros LLC. 
Mr. J. Medeiros released his third full length album "Saudade" in 2011, a project funded by his fans through the crowd sourcing site indiegogo. The music video for the single "Neon SIgns" won the MTVU Freshman video contest which in turn put the video into rotation. "Saudade" introduced "The Stare" a production team including Mr. J. Medeiros, Stro the 89th Key, and Luke Atencio. In 2012 Mr. J. Medeiros released the "Pale Blue Dot" EP which featured Canadian rapper SHAD.
Mr.J.Medeiros social activism includes his service with AmeriCorps NCCC his volunteer work with Habitat for Humanity, and assisting in various community outreach organizations for persons with developmental disabilities. He also ran a campaign against sexual abuse and human trafficking called iamconstance.org and humantrafficking.org to raise awareness about such issues. The iamconstance.org was prompted by his anti-human trafficking song/video “Constance” released on Mr.J’s album “Of gods and girls” which became popular in the non-profit community landing itself a spot in an expose on CBS Evening News. The video “Constance” is still being used today in aid to groups and organizations concerned with this social issue. Mr.J.Medeiros appeared
on Miami Ink in support of "Constance" and his song "American Fado" On the show (Miami Ink) Mr.J.Medeiros is seen getting a tattoo on his back which reads “Forgive Us”.

</doc>
<doc id="19502656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19502656" title="Lalla Romano">
Lalla Romano

Lalla Romano (November 11, 1906 in Demonte – June 26, 2001 in Milan) was an Italian novelist, poet, and journalist. 
Life and work.
She came from a noteworthy Piedmontese family, Giuseppe Peano was her great-uncle, and originally had an interest in painting. She continued to paint, gaining some attention with painting, throughout her life. She attended the University of Turin where Cesare Pavese led her to an increased interest in writing. She graduated with a degree in literature than worked as a librarian and teacher. During World War II she joined with the Resistance. After the war she became noted for writings that drew on personal and family experiences.

</doc>
<doc id="19502674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19502674" title="Janine Gordon">
Janine Gordon

Jah Jah, also known as MC Jah Jah, is the professional name of Janine Gordon, a white, female rapper, photographer and multimedia artist from Brooklyn, New York.
Rap career.
Jah Jah is an independent artist who is currently working without a major label. Her first record deal was with E-magine music entitled "The Art of Hip Hop", produced with Chubb Rock in 2002. Since 2005 she has been working almost exclusively with Quickmix who produced "The Attack","Lawless" and "Intelligence Report".
In 2002 she was on an episode of Texas Justice as a plaintiff against producers who did not produce industry standard quality music. She gave a live rap performance to the judge on this daytime television show and won. In 2003 she went to São Paulo Brazil for over a year and worked with a group of rapper and reggae artists including Jimmy Luv and Grand Master Duda, producing two albums. Jah Jah performed extensively at various clubs in Brazil and a television appearances on The Syange Show.
Jah Jah appeared on the first episode of ego trip's The (White) Rapper Show, but according to her [http://www.egradioonline.com/2009/06/video-throwback-jah-jah-finally-tells.html] they did not select her because she was overqualified and outshined the other contestants.
Jah Jah got her start in rap by freestyling with other artists, known and underground hip hop scene during the '90s. It was here that she met many other artists such as Redman, Chubb Rock, and The Beatnuts. "I was encouraged meeting Redman and The Beatnuts. Redman called me out in his song back in 97'" stated the rapper in an interview. She has a very wide fan base on Myspace and has experienced some success with her music overseas in Brazil. Jah Jah was able to remain within the top 10 artists for over a year on the Myspace music chart.
Lawsuit against 50 Cent.
In 2005, Jah Jah filed a copyright infringement lawsuit against 50 Cent and Dr. Dre for allegedly stealing her music and using it illegally for 50's "Massacre" album.
Art work.
Jah Jah has art, notably photography, that has appeared in magazines such as Arena and galleries in New York, San Francisco, Europe and Brazil. Her visual art work is credited under her real name, Janine Gordon. She also has a Master's Degree in Fine Art from New York University.
Exhibitions.
Here are the exhibitions that Janine's art has been featured in:

</doc>
<doc id="19502712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19502712" title="Jerry D. Young Memorial Field">
Jerry D. Young Memorial Field

Jerry D. Young Memorial Field, located in Birmingham, Alabama is the home field for the UAB Blazers baseball team. The stadium opened in 1984, and is named in honor of former UAB administrator Jerry D. Young, who was responsible for the establishment and early development of the program. It currently has a seating capacity of 1,000.
History.
The facility opened on February 26, 1984, with the Blazers defeating the visiting Vanderbilt Commodores by a final score of 14-8. Approximately one year later, the stadium was renamed in honor of Jerry D. Young on April 18, 1985. By 1992 the facility served as the site for first Great Midwest Conference Baseball Championship, in which the Blazers would be victorious. Through the 2007 season, UAB has an all-time record of 426-279-1 at Young Memorial Field.

</doc>
<doc id="19502719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19502719" title="240 Centre Street">
240 Centre Street

240 Centre Street, formerly the New York City Police Headquarters building, between Broome and Grand Streets in the Nolita neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City, was built in 1905-1909, and was designed by the firm of Hoppin & Koen. It housed the headquarters of the New York City Police Department from 1909 to 1973, and was converted into luxury condominiums in 1988 by the firm of Ehrenkranz Group & Eckstut. It is now known as the Police Building Apartments.
The building at 240 Centre Street replaced an older building nearby on Mulberry Street, where Theodore Roosevelt had served as New York City Police Commissioner. Following the consolidation of the cities of New York (Manhattan) and Brooklyn, the counties of Queens and Richmond (Staten Island), and a part of Westchester County which was appended to The Bronx, into the city of "Greater New York" in 1898, the police department underwent expansion and needed a new headquarters building.
The Police Building was designated a New York City landmark in 1978, and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="19502733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19502733" title="Sigdash">
Sigdash

Sigdash may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19502776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19502776" title="Chitrangudi Bird Sanctuary">
Chitrangudi Bird Sanctuary

Chitrangudi Bird Sanctuary locally known as ""Chitrangudi Kanmoli"" is a Protected area declared in 1989 and a part of Chitrangudi village, Mudukulathur Taluk, Ramanathapuram District, Tamil Nadu, India. It is adjacent to Kanjirankulam Bird Sanctuary. It is notable as a nesting site for several migratory Heron species that roost in the prominent growth of Babul trees there. International name: Chitragudi and Kanjirankulam Bird Sanctuary, IBA Code: IN261, Criteria: A1, A4i.
Geography.
The sanctuary area is within the high embankments of the community irrigation tank. The total length of the embankment is . The crescent-shaped Kanmoi starts at a northern point where an aqueduct from the Gundar river flows into the Kanmoi. There are five sluices that drain water to the agricultural lands. The wetland is irregular in depth and retains water for 3 to 5 months if rain is normal. Excess flood water is let out towards Chitrangudi village through a sluice gate about from the inlet aqueduct.
Flora.
The sanctuary vegetation is mostly Tropical Dry Deciduous forest. It is dominated by Babul (Thorn mimosa) along with Prosopis juliflora and the grasses Bermuda grass and Dichanthium foveolatum (Eremopogon foveolatus). A Babul plantation was planted in 1979 by Farm forestry division. The invasive Prosopis is slowly encroaching on much of the sanctuary area, retarding growth of Babuls. The irrigation tank bund and the area outside the tank have Tamarind trees, Fig trees, Neem trees, Portia trees, Silk trees (Albizzia amara), Drumstick trees (murungai ), and Palmyra palms. The medicinal plants Ocimum sanctum and Gloriosa superba also grow in the area.
Fauna.
The breeding population of migratory waterbirds arrive here between October and February and include: Spot-billed Pelican, Asian Openbill Stork, Grey heron, Purple heron, Pond heron, Little egret and Great egret.
Visitor Information.
The sanctuary is open year round and can be reached by road from Mudukulathur 4 km and Sayalgudi 12 km, Ramanathapuram 45 km and Madurai 120 km. The nearest railway station is Paramakudi and the nearest airport is Madurai. 
Accommodation is available at PWD Rest House at Mudukulathur , the Forest Rest House at Sayalgudi and at Paramakudi.
Contact: Wildlife Warden, Gulf of Mannar Biosphere Reserve, Mandapam, Ramanathapuram Dt., Tamil Nadu. Phone:04567-230079.

</doc>
<doc id="19502778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19502778" title="Silavar">
Silavar

Silavar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19502818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19502818" title="Arch Rock">
Arch Rock

Arch Rock may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19502819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19502819" title="Antônio Austregésilo">
Antônio Austregésilo

Antônio Austregésilo (April 21, 1876 – December 23, 1960), was a Brazilian neurologist important to the history of the field in his nation.
Austregésilo was born in Pernambuco. He helped build the first neurological school in Rio de Janeiro. He was a member of the Academia Brasileira de Letras and a President of the Academia Nacional de Medicina.

</doc>
<doc id="19502851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19502851" title="Myrickite">
Myrickite

Myrickite is a name used for both the agatized and opalized cinnabar materials. With a Mohs hardness of 7, the agatized form is a red-orange with bits of white, whereas the opalized material is orange and black and is 5 on the Mohs hardness scale. Although similar in color, this material should not be confused with the stone from China referred to as "Chicken Blood", as that material is a cinnabar stained serpentine with a hardness of 2.5-4. Unique to the United States, Myrickite is found at only one location in any quantity. During the early 1950s, Myrickite had been found in small quantities at the Manhattan Mine, located in Napa County, California, USA.
The name "Myrickite" is a lapidary term like "Montana Agate" or "Thunder Egg", not a mineral name. In addition, the percentage of mercury (0.01%) in this material is enough to give Myrickite its beautiful coloring. Myrickite is named after Francis Marion "Shady" Myrick who discovered it while prospecting in California's Death Valley in 1911.

</doc>
<doc id="19502852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19502852" title="Photo Finish Records">
Photo Finish Records

Photo Finish Records is an independent record label located in New York City, New York, United States (US). The label was started in 2006 by booking agent Matt Galle and is known for a diverse roster that includes punk bands, indie rock bands, and hip hop artists.
History.
The label's first release was in November 2006 when they put out the debut Envy On The Coast five song EP. Shortly after, they signed Danger Radio, and released their EP and debut studio album. 
Photo Finish achieved success with its next signing 3OH!3. The band's debut album "WANT" debuted at number 88 and peaked at number 44 on the Billboard Top 200 Chart. The band's song "Don't Trust Me" ranked in the number 1 position on the Top 40 Charts and eventually sold over 3 million digital copies. As of February 2014, "WANT" remains the label's most successful release.
Anthony Green's album "Avalon" debuted in August 2008 at number 44 on the Billboard charts, making it the label's most successful first-week performance for a release.

</doc>
<doc id="19502853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19502853" title="Konohana-ku, Osaka">
Konohana-ku, Osaka


</doc>
<doc id="19502860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19502860" title="Alan Zaslove">
Alan Zaslove

Alan Zaslove is a retired producer and director of animated series. He started in 1943 as an "office boy" for Leon Schlesinger's studios and went on to work for UPA (animation studio). He did animation for Gerald McBoing-Boing and Mr. Magoo. Later he did work for Hanna Barbera and Disney TV series and co-created Chip 'n Dale Rescue Rangers with Tad Stones. He shared Daytime Emmy Award nominations for that and work on Darkwing Duck. 

</doc>
<doc id="19502871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19502871" title="Frederick Augustus Ross">
Frederick Augustus Ross

Frederick Augustus Ross, (December 25, 1796 – April 13, 1883) was a Presbyterian clergyman.
He was born in Cobham, Cumberland County, Virginia.
He was educated at Dickinson College, Carlisle, Pennsylvania, entered the ministry,
emancipated his slaves, and from 1826 till 1852 was pastor of Old Kingsport Presbyterian Church in Kingsport, Tennessee, where he
had moved in 1818. In 1828 he labored as an evangelist in Kentucky and Ohio.
At the division of the Presbyterian general assembly in 1837–38 he adhered to the New School branch,
and in 1855 he became pastor of the 1st Presbyterian church in Huntsville, Alabama,
holding this charge until 1875 and continuing pastor emeritus until his death.
With James Gallaher and David Nelson he edited a monthly publication entitled
"The Calvinistic Magazine," founded in 1826,
and he published a book entitled "Slavery As Ordained of God" (Philadelphia, 1857).
He died in Huntsville, Alabama.

</doc>
<doc id="19502902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19502902" title="Patrick Thomas (conductor)">
Patrick Thomas (conductor)

Patrick Thomas AM MBE (born 1 June 1932) is an Australian conductor. 
For a period of almost 35 years he conducted hundreds of performances across Australia in just about every centre where the various state symphony orchestras ventured, and introduced music to virtually a whole generation of young Australians through his popular and distinctive schools concerts. He held a succession of important posts with four of Australia's major ABC orchestras and the specially created position of ABC Federal Conductor-in-Residence as well as conducting the Australian Opera and the Australian Ballet. He also conducted the ABC's radio chorus, the Adelaide Singers. 
Overseas, he appeared in 12 countries as Guest Conductor of such orchestras as the Moscow Philharmonic Orchestra, the Hallé Orchestra, Bavarian Radio Orchestra, Polish National Radio and Television Orchestra, Munich Philharmonic, BBC Symphony Orchestra, CBC Symphony Orchestra, Prague Radio Orchestra, and many others in New Zealand, the Czech Republic, Bulgaria and South Africa. Other facets of his diverse career included those of concert, radio and television presenter and interviewer.
Biography.
Alan Patrick Thomas was born in Brisbane, and attended Eagle Junction State School in Clayfield. In August 1944, at age 12, he attended his first major evening orchestral concert, when Eugene Ormandy conducted at Brisbane City Hall in four concerts designed to boost the war effort. Thomas requested, and a few days later received, Ormandy’s autograph, and from then on set his sights on becoming a conductor. As a 14-year-old, he played third flute at the first Queensland Symphony Orchestra (QSO) performance, on 26 March 1947, when the new 45-member ensemble under guest conductor Percy Code introduced Queenslanders to their own professional symphony orchestra.
In 1963, the ABC's acting federal director of music, Joseph Post, gave him a conducting audition and less than two years later Thomas became director of the ABC's Adelaide Singers. From there he had a brief stint with the Tasmanian Symphony Orchestra before returning to his home state. 
In 1973 he became the QSO’s first – and to date only – homegrown chief conductor. He stayed in that post until 1977. He decided to increasingly offer 20th-century composers as a way of developing a broadened approach on the part of the audiences to diverse modern repertoire, plus a more responsive and capable facility from the orchestra. Patrick Thomas co-established a successful Modern Music Forum in Brisbane.
Regularly conducting the Sydney Symphony Orchestra including on the its international tours, and Melbourne Symphony Orchestra, Thomas's glamorous concert engagements outside Queensland were in stark contrast to the harsh performance conditions which he and his 65-piece orchestra endured at home. Able to fill in at short notice when a scheduled conductor cancelled, Thomas became the ABC's Sydney-based conductor-in-residence. Thomas established an international reputation, especially in Europe where he was offered coveted return engagements by several leading ensembles. But his dedication to family and his home country meant that his career remained based in Australia. As the final director of the ABC Sinfonia, he became a casualty of the structural reforms of the mid-1980s that led eventually to the complete divestment of the orchestras from the ABC.
As a writer, his later work has included an autobiography, several hundred poems, a booklet of career anecdotes, a published reference text ("Overture to Conducting"), as well as articles and scripts for radio stations 2MBS FM and ABC Classic FM. 
Honours.
Patrick Thomas was appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in 1978 and made an Honorary Life Member of the Fellowship of Australian Composers in 1998, a first for an Australian conductor. In 1990 he was presented with the Sir Bernard Heinze Memorial Award. In 2005 he became a Patron of the Music Teachers' Association of New South Wales. In 2014 he was named a Member of the Order of Australia (AM).

</doc>
<doc id="19502911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19502911" title="Ohga Tanaka">
Ohga Tanaka


</doc>
<doc id="19502928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19502928" title="Jason Jennings (author)">
Jason Jennings (author)

Jason Jennings (b. May 31, 1956) is an American author, business consultant and motivational speaker. He delivers between 60 and 80 keynote speeches each year around the world. In 2007, "USA Today" named him one of the three most in-demand business speakers in the nation with Tom Peters and Jim Collins. Jennings has spent 20 years founding and leading businesses and consulting for other companies, teaching them how to achieve their economic potential.
Biography.
Born in Negaunee, Michigan, Jennings began his career as a broadcast journalist and later owned radio stations in Oklahoma, Washington and Arizona. The consulting firm he founded "Jennings-McGlothlin & Company" became the largest media consultancy in the world and served clients in the broadcasting and retail industries. He was the youngest radio station group owner in the world and his programming and sales strategies are credited with revolutionizing parts of the broadcasting industry, where later, he founded "Jennings-McGlothlin & Company".
He traveled the globe in search of the world's fastest companies for his book, "It's Not The Big That Eat The Small - It's The Fast That Eat The Slow". Within weeks of its release it hit the "Wall Street Journal", "USA Today" and "New York Times" Bestsellers Lists. Now published in 32 languages, "USA Today" named it one of the top 25 books of the year. He and his team studied more than 40,000 companies and identified the ten most productive companies in the world for his bestselling, "Less Is More". The book revealed the secrets of the world's most productive companies.
For his third book, "Think BIG, Act Small", Jennings profiled the leadership of the only ten companies in the world to have grown both revenues and profits by double digits every year for ten consecutive years. Like his previous books it debuted on all the bestseller charts.
In 2008, Jennings released "Hit the Ground Running". The book profiles and reveals the tactics and strategies of American CEOs who created the greatest amount of economic value since 2000. Companies and CEOs profiled include JM Smucker, Harris Corporation, Mohawk Industries, Humana, Goodrich, Hanover Insurance, Allegheny Technologies, Staples and Questar.
Jennings' next book, "The Reinventors – How Extraordinary Companies Pursue Radical Continuous Change" was released in 2012 and made bestseller lists at The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal, USA Today, and Amazon within the first month of publication.
"The Reinventors" focuses on methods used by companies like Starbucks, Arrow Electronics, Apple, Pella Windows, SAS, Capital One, DOT Foods, Humana, Nucor Steel, Multi-Chem, Koch Industries, Smithfield Foods, Southwest Airlines and RCI to remain relevant, grow, and stay ahead of their competition. With his team of researchers, Jennings studied more than 200,000 companies for this book.
A revised and updated version of "Think BIG-Act Small" was also released in 2012. Both books were published by Portfolio, the business and leadership imprint of Penguin Putnam. 
Jennings and his family live in Tiburon, California and Timber Rock Shore, Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="19502929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19502929" title="Arch Rock (Tasmania)">
Arch Rock (Tasmania)

Arch Rock is a sandstone islet, with an area of 0.44 ha and containing a natural arch, in south-eastern Australia. It is part of the Partridge Island Group, lying close to the south-eastern coast of Tasmania, in the D'Entrecasteaux Channel between Bruny Island and the mainland.
Fauna.
Recorded breeding seabird species are Pacific Gull and Kelp Gull. The Metallic Skink is present.
See also.
The other islands in the Partridge Island Group:

</doc>
<doc id="19502933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19502933" title="Roxy Hunter and the Myth of the Mermaid">
Roxy Hunter and the Myth of the Mermaid

Roxy Hunter and the Myth of the Mermaid is a 2008 Nickelodeon Original Movies that aired on July 13, 2008, and is the third edition to the Roxy Hunter movies, plus a direct sequel to the previous movie "Roxy Hunter and the Secret of the Shaman".
Synopsis.
Roxy is at it again when, in pursuit of a local journalism award, she befriends and brings home a mysterious amnesiac who was found soaking wet outside of the local coffee shop. After ceremoniously naming her Annie Nonomys, Roxy takes the young lady home and finds that even the most common household item is a complete mystery to Annie. When Annie returns dripping wet from the lake several nights in a row, Roxy determines what is abundantly clear to her: Annie is a mermaid, who has to find her way home back in the sea.

</doc>
<doc id="19502949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19502949" title="Carol Baker Tharp">
Carol Baker Tharp

Carol Baker Tharp (May 13, 1952 – November 25, 2007) was an American general manager and former executive director.
Biography.
Early life.
Carol Baker Tharp was born in Charleston, South Carolina, and later grew up in Charlotte, North Carolina. In the early 1970s, she received her bachelor's degree from Wake Forest University. In 1986, she and her husband, Michael, moved to Los Angeles, California, settling in Eagle Rock.
Managing and directing.
After receiving her master's degree from Claremont Graduate University, she spent four years at the University of Southern California School of Politics, Planning and Development as the deputy director of the Civic Engagement Initiative. At USC, Carol Baker Tharp managed a project to map neighborhood involvement throughout the region. Before becoming the deputy director of the Civic Engagement Initiative in January 2004, she was the executive director of Coro in Southern California and was Community Relations director for Eugene, Oregon. The third general manager position of the Department of Neighborhood empowerment was filled in for an interim chief for about eleven months when Los Angeles mayor Antonio Villaraigosa offered the position to her.
During her time as Deputy Director at the USC School of Policy, Planning, and Development she worked with associate dean Rich Callahan to develop leadership programs and executive education programs.
Upon being hired, Baker Tharp said that she intended to focus on getting councils to achieve results in their neighborhoods. In a particular matter, she did not want neighborhood council members to overstep their roles.
Carol earned a Ph.D in public policy and ethics from Claremont Graduate University in 2003.
Later years.
Tharp left the Department of Neighborhood Empowerment in September 2007 due to an aggressive battle with breast cancer. She died at her home on November 25, 2007, at age 55. Los Angeles mayor Antonio Villaraigosa, in mourning her death, stated:
"Carol Baker Tharp loved the City of Los Angeles and spent the past year working to strengthen its neighborhoods as the General Manager of the Department of Neighborhood Empowerment. Through her entire professional career and decades of community involvement as leader of Coro, the acclaimed non-profit civic affairs leadership training institution, and during her service to USC, Carol maintained the belief that civic engagement is the cornerstone of democracy. She committed her life to expanding power of the people. Her integrity, intelligence, compassion and humor will be missed. Though we mourn her passing today, we take comfort in the fact that her work and ideas will continue to yield positive benefits for the people of Los Angeles."

</doc>
<doc id="19502980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19502980" title="Roxy Hunter">
Roxy Hunter

Roxy Hunter may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19502995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19502995" title="International Council of Yacht Clubs">
International Council of Yacht Clubs

The International Council of Yacht Clubs (ICOYC) is an international organization that operates at the level of Commodores of yacht clubs through a Commodores’ Forum.
Its vision is to improve the quality of the services yacht clubs provide to their members, as well as promoting environmental awareness and responsibility towards the environment. 
Among its practical objectives, the main thrust is to identify areas of interest and areas of concern among member clubs and to share information and experience on these areas. The ICOYC also would like to promote fellowship and informal contact among member clubs by means of sailing events as well as social activities. 
The membership of the ICOYC is composed of prestigious yacht clubs in key yachting locations around the world, from Africa to Asia and the Pacific. Its main members are:
Royal Natal Yacht Club, Royal Vancouver Yacht Club, Seattle Yacht Club, Royal Hong Kong Yacht Club, Royal Perth Yacht Club, Royal Freshwater Bay Yacht Club, Royal New Zealand Yacht Squadron, Royal Sydney Yacht Squadron, Norddeutscher Regatta Verein, Royal Danish Yacht Club, Royal Norwegian Yacht Club, Segelclub RHE, Société Nautique de Marseille, Verein Seglerhaus am Wannsee, Royal Thames Yacht Club, Royal Western Yacht Cub.
History.
Its origins can be traced to Canada, where there was a discussion at the Royal Vancouver Yacht Club (RVYC) in 2003 about the need of an international Yacht Club organization. Practical steps were taken in 2005 when the RVYC hosted the first Commodores’ Forum, attended by representatives of yacht clubs around the world.
The International Council of Yacht Clubs was finally established in 2006 in Hong Kong, when the Royal Hong Kong Yacht Club hosted the second Commodores’ Forum. This event was attended by 28 yacht clubs from five continents.

</doc>
<doc id="19503001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19503001" title="Hogeon">
Hogeon

A hogeon is a type of "gwanmo" (관모), Korean traditional headgear for young boys aged one year to five years old. It was worn along with "durumagi" (overcoat) or "jeonbok" (a long vest). "Hogeon" was worn on holidays such as Seollal (Korean new year), Chuseok (Mid-term festival), or celebrations for their birthdays like doljanchi. The shape and material are almost similar to "bokgeon" except a tiger pattern embroidered on "hogeon". The outer is made of a black silk while the inner is dark blue silk. The tiger pattern was embroidered on the surface as reflecting parents' wish for their children to grow brave. The shapes of a tiger's eyebrow, eyes, whiskers, teeth and ears are decorated on the forehead of the hogeon. The ears was made with black and red fabrics. Strings attached to the end of the forehead part is able to tie the headgear to its back. Along with the tiger pattern, "geumbak" (gold leaf) of some of Hanja that had good and auspicious meaning are adorned with the "hogeon" to bliss the wearer. It was worn by young boys until they reached to the age of 5 or 6 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="19503013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19503013" title="Little Wansa">
Little Wansa

The hero of Wansa-kun was Wansa, a puppy who is sold for a pittance, then escapes, and spends much of the rest of the series looking for his mother. Tezuka never completed the manga version of the series.
In 1973 an animated series based on the manga was made, produced by Yoshinobu Nishizaki and broadcast by Kansai Telecasting Corporation. As with the earlier "Triton of the Sea", Tezuka had little-to-no involvement in this series and "Wansa-kun" ultimately ended up being the last series produced by the original Mushi Production before its bankruptcy. 
The anime series lasted 26 episodes. The first 21 episodes were very comedic in nature, but the final five episodes took a more dramatic turn, when Wansa began his search for his mother. Unlike the manga version, which was never completed, he succeeded in the final episode of the anime series.
After the series finished production, Nishizaki and many of his production team on this series went to work on "Space Battleship Yamato".

</doc>
<doc id="19503018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19503018" title="Auchmar (Hamilton, Ontario)">
Auchmar (Hamilton, Ontario)

Auchmar is a historic site and one-time Estate of Isaac Buchanan, who founded both the Hamilton and the Toronto Board of Trade.
Auchmar House is the centrepiece of Clairmont Park, the estate of the Honourable Isaac Buchanan (1810–1883), one of Hamilton's most influential citizens. It was built between 1852 and 1854 and is located at the northeast corner of Fennell Avenue and West 5th. The manor house, its several remaining outbuildings, and stone orchard wall occupy about of land which include most of the original estate features and landscaped grounds. However, the tiny Gatekeeper's Lodge, which resembles Auchmar House architecturally, became detached from the remainder of Clairmont Park. (It is located on the mountain brow at 71 Clarement Drive.) Auchmar House and the remaining contiguous portion of the Buchanan estate is a unique, heritage asset owned by the citizens of Hamilton and is recognized by the Ontario Heritage Trust as having significant historical value. Auchmar House is recognized as an outstanding example of the domestic Gothic Revival and with its surrounding acreage, is a very rare example of a mid-Victorian estate in Ontario which survives in relatively intact condition. Isaac Buchanan sat as a member of the Parliament of United Canada for Toronto between 1841 and 1843, and for Hamilton between 1857 and 1865, and served as President of the Council in the Macdonald-Tache ministry between March and June 1865. He became a writer of some note on the subjects of currency and trade and is generally credited as being a formative influence on John A. Macdonald's National Policy. Buchanan was an international merchant, first president of the Hamilton Club, founder of Hamilton and Toronto boards of trade (forerunners to modern chambers of commerce)and founder of the Thirteenth Battalion, a regiment which would later become the Royal Hamilton Light Infantry.

</doc>
<doc id="19503027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19503027" title="Jamie Laurie">
Jamie Laurie

James Laurie (born in Denver, Colorado, on October 6, 1977) better known by his stage name Jonny 5, is the singer and founder of the American musical group, Flobots. He is the only member who has been with the band since its inception in 2000. His rap influences include Andre 3000, Black Thought, Common, MF Doom, Aceyalone, Boots, Pep Love, Breezely Brewin, Mystik, Big Gipp, Jay‑Z, Cee‑Lo, Del the Funky Homosapien, Lateef, Lyrics Born, Gift of Gab, The Grouch, Lupe Fiasco, Kanye West, and Young  MC.
He was a paraeducator at East High School in Denver, Colorado, tasked with the management of the school's tutoring center; he left East High School when the Flobots became signed. While still working at East High School, Jamie was involved in many clubs and activities including PeaceJam and a hip-hop club. He also graduated from East High. In late 2012, he released a mixtape entitled "I Hope You Like It", featuring 31 different rhymes that he had been creating and posting on his YouTube channel for the previous three years.
Career with Flobots.
Jonny 5 formed the Flobots in 2000 while teaming up with producer Farhad Ebrahimi, a.k.a. Yahktoe. Together they released the independently released album "Onomatopoeia" in 2001, and the title track ended up in a compilation by the MIT Songwriting Club at Yahktoe's alma mater. The title track featured guitar player David Gralow, cello player Terrence Favors, and bass player Jaymz Haynes.
After the release of Jonny 5 and Yak's "Onomatopoeia" album, the Jonny 5 went on an extended hiatus. It was 2005 that Jonny 5 decided to form a new band with another lead MC, Brer Rabbit. Instead, he and Brer Rabbit decided to keep "Flobots", adding five new members: Mackenzie Gault on the viola, Jesse Walker on the bass guitar, Andy Guerrero (from funk band Bop Skizzum) on guitar, Joe Ferrone (also from Bop Skizzum) on trumpet, and Kenny Ortiz on drums. In October 2005, the revamped Flobots released their second album, "Flobots Present...Platypus", which went on to sell more than 3,000 copies over the next two years.
Flobots signed to Universal Republic, who reissued their second album, "Fight with Tools", which was originally released in October 2007. The album sold very well, due to the success of its lead single "Handlebars", which became a popular hit on Modern Rock radio in the spring of 2008. In the week of June 7, 2008, the album jumped on the Billboard 200 chart 168 places and peaked at #15, proving to be the band's most successful album to date.
The 2010 Flobots album, "Survival Story", produced by Mario Caldato, Jr., of the Beastie Boys, was released on March 16, 2010.
Following the lukewarm reception to "Survival Story", the Flobots were let go by Universal. They have continued to tour and finished a new album, titled "The Circle in the Square", released on August 28, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19503028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19503028" title="Fred Hoey">
Fred Hoey

Fred Hoey (born 1885 in Boston, Massachusetts, died November 17, 1949 in Winthrop, Massachusetts) was a major league baseball broadcaster. Hoey called games for the Boston Braves from 1925–38 and Boston Red Sox from 1927-38.
Hoey was born in Boston, but raised in Saxonville, Massachusetts. At the age of 12, Hoey saw his first baseball game during the 1897 Temple Cup. Hoey would later play semipro baseball and work as an usher at the Huntington Avenue Grounds.
In 1903, Hoey was hired as a sportswriter, writing about high school sports, baseball, and hockey. In 1924, he became the first publicity director of the Boston Bruins. Hoey began broadcasting Braves games in 1925 and Red Sox games in 1927, becoming the first full-time announcer for both teams.
In 1933, Hoey was hired by CBS Radio to call Games 1 and 5 of the World Series after commissioner Kenesaw Mountain Landis declared that Ted Husing and Graham McNamee could not call World Series games because they did not call any regular season games. Hoey was removed from the CBS broadcasting booth during the fourth inning of game one after his voice went out. Although reported as a cold, Hoey's garbled and incoherent words led many to think that Hoey was drunk. After this incident, Hoey never went to the broadcast booth without a tin of throat lozenges. His only other national assignment was calling the 1936 Major League Baseball All-Star Game, played in Boston, for Mutual.
After the 1936 season, Hoey was fired by the head of the Yankee Network, John Shepard III. Baseball fans, including Franklin D. Roosevelt rallied to his defense. After the 1938 season, Hoey demanded a raise, but the sponsors, despite public pressure, replaced Hoey with former player and manager Frankie Frisch. After leaving the booth, Hoey covered the Red Sox and Braves in Boston newspapers until 1946.
Hoey died on November 17, 1949 of accidental gas asphyxiation.

</doc>
<doc id="19503035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19503035" title="Sexy Trash">
Sexy Trash

Sexy Trash is a demos, B-sides and rarities album by Electric Six available exclusively on their "Hittin' The Walls and Workin' The Middle" tour. It includes 30 (mostly demo) tracks covering the band's career (from 1996-2007) as well as brief liner notes from lead singer Dick Valentine, it is expected to be available at the first show of the tour in East Lansing, Michigan. While initially only available at shows in the United States, it has now also been sold in the United Kingdom, Ireland and Spain.
The title of the album comes from a track on the band's fourth album "I Shall Exterminate Everything Around Me That Restricts Me From Being The Master".
Track listing.
All tracks recorded As Electric Six, except where otherwise stated.

</doc>
<doc id="19503046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19503046" title="1908–09 Kangaroo tour of Great Britain">
1908–09 Kangaroo tour of Great Britain

The first Kangaroo tour was in 1908 to England and Wales and coincided with the first Wallabies Rugby Union tour of Great Britain, which in hindsight put the Kangaroos in a tough position. The game of rugby league was not yet twelve months old in Australia however a New Zealand side had already toured to Britain (the All Golds in 1907), Australia had encountered New Zealand during the 1908 season and the pioneer Australian leaders of the game were keen to match up against the Northern Union founders of the code.
The first Kangaroo tour was considered a financial failure, with poor weather and economic conditions contributing to smaller than expected gate takings. The tour was later depicted in the disappointing and less than accurate 1988 Australian television movie "The First Kangaroos".
Tour summary.
Matches played: 45 Won: 17 Drew: 6 Lost: 22
The Ashes: Great Britain 2-0
Tour manager: James Giltinan
Assistant manager: J A Fihelly
Tour secretary: W Noble
Tour captain: Denis Lutge
Test captains: Dally Messenger & Alex Burdon
The tour.
The Kangaroos sailed for Britain on "RMS Macedonia" prior to the close of the 1908 NSWRFL season, denying some of the selected players to appear in the inaugural grand final. They worked as stokers to keep their fitness levels up as well as doing daily sessions in the ship's gymnasium and boxing ring. The jerseys were coloured sky blue and maroon, combining the state colours of NSW and Queensland respectively. When tour captain, Lutge was injured early in the tour, Messenger became captain in the 1st and 2nd Test Matches. After he was injured, Alec Burdon assumed the captaincy for the 3rd Test. One of the players Pat Walsh sailed to Britain separately on the ship, "Salamis" and brought the live Kangaroo mascot with him. Walsh arrived in England for the 5th match of the tour against Salford.
The Kangaroos scored some truly memorable victories,including wins against Yorkshire,Lancashire and Hunslet(featuring their fearsome forwards "The Terrible Six").The seven-month tour proved to be a true test of survival and was almost a disaster due to small gate-takings. A crippling cotton mills strike in northern England made it difficult for many fans to afford their way through the turnstiles and there was some criticism of what the Australians wanted to charge as entrance fees. The Australians morale ebbed during one of the meanest northern winters on record. Dally Messenger was the tourists' leading point-scorer with 160, which was 103 points clear of next highest-scorer. In addition, the live marsupial mascot of the team died before the end of the tour."The Kangaroo which the Australians took with them died on March 9,the execrable weather was too much for it"(The Arrow. April 17, 1909).
The Leading try scorers of the tour were Devereaux 17, Messenger 10, Frawley 10, Walsh 9, Courtney 8.
"We are having nothing but rain, snow, sleet and cold... why, you cannot feel your hands and feet and the referees are cruel, don't give us anything at all."James Giltinan, tour manager of the tour, writes home in 1908
Deane, Walsh, Frawley, Devereux and Rosenfeld all stayed behind to play in the wintry Northern Union competition when the Australians boarded the "RMS Seuvic" for the journey home. On the return journey Messenger met and fell in love with Annie Macauley whom he would marry. Also while en route back to Australia, secretary J. J. Giltinan, president Harry Hoyle and treasurer, Victor Trumper, the men who had done most to form the NSWRL, were being voted out of it.
Rugby league then made its first appearance in Scotland in in 1909 when Glasgow’s Celtic Park hosted a game between the Northern Rugby Football Union representative side and the touring Australians.
Test matches.
Great Britain led 14-5 at half-time and stretched to 17-5 before Australia began their fightback spearheaded by Devereaux's three ties. They led 22-20 in the dying minutes before Great Britain snatched a draw with a penalty goal.
A heavy pitch limited scoring opportunities and Great Britain went to the half-time break with a three nil lead. Australia's defence was solid throughout the second half and when Frawley scored for Devereaux to convert they took the lead. However Oldham winger George Tyson scored late in the match and secured The Ashes for Great Britain for the first time.

</doc>
<doc id="19503076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19503076" title="Roxy Hunter and the Horrific Halloween">
Roxy Hunter and the Horrific Halloween

Roxy Hunter and the Horrific Halloween is the fourth and final edition to the Roxy Hunter movies, and is a direct sequel to the previous movie "Roxy Hunter and the Myth of the Mermaid". The movie was first released on The N's Halloween Block in October 2008. This movie was instead aired on The N, but not the regular Nickelodeon. All of the main cast will be reprising their regular roles for this movie.
Plot.
Roxy Hunter (Aria Wallace) walks out of school to find a new boy from Transylvania named Stefan (Connor Price) being bullied. Finally snapping, Stefan throws his lunch at Seth (Connor McAuley), the head bully. However, Seth ducks, and the food hits Roxy, and the two of them start a fierce rivalry. On her mother Susan's (Robin Brule) advice, she decides to try and make peace with Stefan.
Meanwhile, Max (Demetrius Joyette) is having his last day at Moody Mansion, before his parents come to pick him up. However, he learns that they can't come because of getting a huge cut of a gold mining expedition via video chat. Heartbroken, Max skips out on dinner and spends all of his time in his bedroom. Meanwhile, Susan is slightly shocked to find out that Jon (Yannick Bisson) wants to move in with her.
When Roxy goes to visit Stefan at his house, she sees an old woman (Maria Lebb) stirring something strangely red in a cauldron. When Roxy points out that the house is so quiet and dark, Stefan says his uncle Vlad Petrescu (Juan Chioran) sleeps during the day, and is very sensitive to light. When they go into Stefan's room, Vlad enters a short while after, telling them to keep the noise down. As he leaves, Roxy notices something red on his hand, as though dried blood. 
At home, she quickly starts to believe that Stefan's family are vampires. She meets Stefan at a small gazebo in the woods with garlic and different holy relics to test whether or not he is a vampire. He passes the test, but it is clear that he has no idea that his uncle is a vampire. Roxy hastily says goodbye and runs off.
Finding Seth and his gang, Roxy tells them about this, and they go and investigate. Roxy and Seth find several wooden crates in Vlad's barn. In one of them is a horrifying painting. Vlad hears their screaming, and the club shoots him with garlic and holy water-loaded water guns, they realized that Vlad is not effected and they run off, but Vlad manages to catch Roxy. When he calls Susan over, Roxy blurts out ""He's a vampire!"". Vlad then explains that he is a painter and the "blood" on his hands is merely red paint. Roxy apologizes, but still gets grounded. However, she receives a letter from Stefan saying to meet him at the gazebo. Once there, Roxy learns that Stefan's parents are very poor, and his father (Martin Roach), an artist, hoped that Vlad, who is really a family friend, could sell his paintings (the ones that Roxy found in the crates the previous day) in America, but it turns out that Vlad has signed his name on the paintings to sell them for his own benefit.
Meanwhile, Max meets up with his old friend Jill (Tara Shelley) to egg the sheriff's house. However, the eggs were actually hard-boiled and break right through the window. While everyone else runs off, Max stays, knowing he deserves to be punished. The sheriff tells him about a high school prank gone wrong, resulting in the entire school burning down. His father tried to send him to a military academy, but he ran away to go on an amateur music tour. When he got back, he wanted to tell his father that he had learned that he was acting in his son's best interest, but his father had died. He ends the story by letting Max off the hook after telling him that, though his parents have let him down, it does not mean that they do not love him.
Susan gives Roxy a spark of idea on how to stop Vlad and make him confess: scaring the confession out of him. They set up a haunted house, with various scares along the way, until it ends in Vlad running into the forest. Roxy says that she is a vampire, and that she will turn him into a living dead. Terrified, he confesses to his crimes, and the sheriff, who was spying on Roxy's plan takes him to jail for. 
At dinner, Jon proposes to Susan. She accepts and they are engaged. Max learns to overcome his depression. Best of all, with the money for the paintings, Stefan's parents are able to come to America.

</doc>
<doc id="19503085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19503085" title="Paraserianthes lophantha">
Paraserianthes lophantha

Paraserianthes lophantha, commonly called Albizia, Cape Leeuwin Wattle, Cape Wattle or Crested Wattle, is a fast-growing tree that occurs naturally along the southwest coast of Western Australia, from Fremantle to King George Sound. It was first spread beyond southwest Australia by Baron Ferdinand von Mueller, who gave packets of "P. lophantha" seeds to early explorers under the assumption that if they planted the seeds at their campsites, the trees would indicate the routes they travelled.
It is considered a weed in the parts of Australia where it is not indigenous, as well as in New Zealand, South Africa, the Canary Islands, and Chile.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19503101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19503101" title="Dan Logan">
Dan Logan

Dan Logan (born 19 December 1985 in Grantham, East Midlands, England) is an English musician. Formerly the temporary bassist of The Kooks and is the former Cat the Dog bassist. He also briefly played double bass for Brighton alt/blues band Sweet Sweet Lies as well as singing and playing all instruments in rock-a-billy side band Logan And The Faithfuls collaborating with various musicians. After a brief spell with The Lyrebirds he was briefly bassist for a reformed The Ordinary Boys and drum tech for The Maccabees
Biography.
Logan was born in the village of Skillington East Midlands, but raised in Lymm a village out side of Cheshire. He was educated at home his whole life. he attended Brighton Institute Of Modern Music where he met Daryl Pruess, Andrew Newton and Christopher Melian and together formed Cat the Dog in 2004.
The band was signed to Virgin records after only 3 shows, Cat the Dog split in December 2007 after their last tour with Zico Chain.
in 2008 he temporarily replaced Ex-Kooks bassist Max Rafferty to complete their first world tour.
Equipment.
He plays a 1970s Fender jazz bass usually with an Ampeg or Ashdown amp,

</doc>
<doc id="19503111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19503111" title="Neutron number">
Neutron number

The neutron number, symbol N, is the number of neutrons in a nuclide.
Atomic number (proton number) plus neutron number equals mass number: Z+N=A. The difference between the neutron number and the atomic number is known as the neutron excess: D = N - Z = A - 2Z.
Neutron number is rarely written explicitly in nuclide symbol notation, but appears as a subscript to the right of the element symbol. In order of increasing explicitness and decreasing frequency of usage:
Nuclides that have the same neutron number but a different proton number are called isotones. This word was formed by replacing the p in isotope with n for neutron. Nuclides that have the same mass number are called isobars. Nuclides that have the same neutron excess are called isodiaphers.
Chemical properties are primarily determined by proton number, which determines which chemical element the nuclide is a member of; neutron number has only a slight influence.
Neutron number is primarily of interest for nuclear properties. For example, actinides with odd neutron number are usually fissile (fissionable with slow neutrons) while actinides with even neutron number are usually not fissile (but are fissionable with fast neutrons).
Only 57 stable nuclides have an odd neutron number, compared to 200 with an even neutron number. No odd-neutron-number isotope is the most naturally abundant isotope in its element, except for beryllium-9 which is the only stable beryllium isotope, nitrogen-14, and platinum-195.
Only two stable nuclides have fewer neutrons than protons: hydrogen-1 and helium-3.

</doc>
<doc id="19503121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19503121" title="She Came Home for Christmas">
She Came Home for Christmas

She Came Home for Christmas is the second single by Danish alternative rock band Mew. The song was released after "I Should Have Been a Tsin-Tsi (For You)". The song originally appeared on the band's debut album "A Triumph for Man" in 1997, and was later included on Frengers, a compilation album of sorts, in 2003. The song was released as a single in both Denmark and the United Kingdom multiple times between 1997 and 2003.
Music video.
The video was filmed in 2002. In the beginning we see the scene, and "good" fairy, which appeared on it. Then appears a man in a suit of a bear, which starts dancing with the fairy. In the middle of the video there is "evil" fairy with the magic ball in her hand, with help of which she kills the bear. After that, the scene starts to grow with plants, and the "evil" fairy turns into a tree. All this time the events on the stage are combined with the playing of the group, which plays on the background of the falling snow. At the end the video shows a girl with a teddy-bear, which she has received for Christmas.

</doc>
<doc id="19503170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19503170" title="1991 Emperor's Cup">
1991 Emperor's Cup

The 71st Emperor's Cup was held between December 14, 1991 and January 1, 1992. It was the last cup involving clubs from the old Japan Soccer League before it was reorganized into the J. League. The tournament was won by Nissan Motors, now known as Yokohama F. Marinos. The 12 JSL First Division clubs qualified automatically, while the other clubs qualified to the first round via regional qualifying cups.

</doc>
<doc id="19503171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19503171" title="Kinsan Ginsan">
Kinsan Ginsan

“Kinsan Ginsan” (きんさんぎんさん) was the affectionate name given to twin sisters from Japan who were record-setting in terms of their longevity. They were and . Their maiden name was . Their health and vitality, despite being over 100 years old, was said to be “an ideal form of living in your sunset years”, and they became national celebrities in Japan. In Kinsan Ginsan Became Kaisan Tuksan, By Replacing Them As Band: Then They Are Became: Kisoto, Mika, Show Noko, Taksion, And Kai Narita, Kin Narita's Grandson, Born In 1989.
History.
The twins were born on 1 August 1892 (in the 25th year of the Meiji Era) in Narumi Village (currently in Midori Ward, Nagoya), Aichi Prefecture. Kin was the elder daughter and Gin was the younger daughter. Tests proved that they were identical twins.
In 1991, they celebrated being about to reach 100 years of age, and were featured in a newspaper article in which the mayor of Nagoya met both of them and congratulated them.
One of the sisters has four daughters who also showed signs of longevity. The four sisters have taken part in a documentary from NHK, Today's Close-Up November 20, 2012, and been the centre of study around longevity.
References.
http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/asia-pacific/1194040.stm
http://articles.latimes.com/2001/mar/01/local/me-31938
http://www.hellofuntime.com/2013/01/todays-close-up-20121120-forever-young.html

</doc>
<doc id="19503174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19503174" title="Kyle Craig">
Kyle Craig

Kyle Craig is a fictional character and antagonist in James Patterson's series of novels featuring Washington, D.C. detective Alex Cross. Craig, a Special Agent for the Federal Bureau of Investigation, is initially a close friend of Cross and assists the detective in his high-profile investigations, and also occasionally asks Cross for help with his own cases. However, in the 2001 novel "Violets Are Blue", Craig is revealed to be a criminal who calls himself "The Mastermind", having organized a series of brutal bank robberies and murders. He is eventually brought to justice by Cross. From "Violets Are Blue" onwards, Craig has been one of Cross' most formidable adversaries. In the film adaptations of Patterson's novels "Kiss the Girls" and "Along Came a Spider", Craig is played by Jay O. Sanders.
Background and History.
Craig was born to a general, who abused him at a young age and later on. His elder brother once said that he became such a mean kid that they kicked him out of the house to live in garage a couple of times. Later on in his life, it was said that he killed one of his two brothers while hunting, his second brother knew about it and even punched Kyle at the funeral. When the time came, Craig moved away from family and didn't see his mother, father, or surviving brother again. His father was revealed to have died sometime during the series. He graduated from Duke University and Duke's Law School, as indicated in "Double Cross" and became a rising star in the FBI. It is revealed that while at Duke University, he had met two killers Casanova and The Gentleman Caller, who later become the villains in "Kiss the Girls", and started killing along with them before heading off on his own. Some time during his life, his met his unknown wife and married her, having a couple of kids too. While in the FBI, Craig started looking across the United States for other known killers, two of which turns out to be the Audience Killer and the Wolf, two villains who later appear in the novels as villains to Alex Cross. It is also believed that he had also met another killer named Mr. Smith, who would also face off against Cross in "Cat & Mouse". During the events of "Kiss the Girls", Craig killed a reporter named Beth Lieberman, marking his first "seen" kill in the novels, although it's really not his first.
Kyle first appears as an FBI agent from "Along Came A Spider" to "Violets Are Blue" and also a friend of Alex Cross, the series protagonist, helping him out on his cases to capture killers, even using his FBI connections to give him resources. By the novel "Roses Are Red", a new serial killer called the "Mastermind" is causing trouble with a series of bank robberies and murders, one of which involves the killer murdering Alex's girlfriend and partner, FBI agent Betsey Cavalierre. By the end of the novel, it is revealed that Kyle Craig himself is the serial killer, but no one knows the truth. In "Violets Are Blue", Craig continues to taught Alex by being the Mastermind and later reveals himself by the end of the novel. When he tries to kill Alex, he ends up defeated and arrested by Alex himself. During his interrogation, Craig reveals that he killed multiple times before and during the book series and that he killed Betsy because she was onto him and that her love for Alex was growing more stronger and coming between him and Alex. After his trial, Craig is sent to prison. From books "Four Blind Mice" to "Double Cross", Craig is being held at the supermax prison, ADX Florence. He is visited by Cross, only when he has available information on certain cases.
Four years later, in "Double Cross", Kyle escapes prison, with the help of lawyer, and travels across the Eastern United States and Paris, enjoying his newfound freedom. He kills multiple people during the novel, one of which is his mother. He also uses his mother's bank account to wire money into an overseas account in order to help out in remaining hidden from the authorities and provide for himself. After facing off against Alex, with the help of the Audience Killer, Craig once again escapes and goes into hiding, planning his revenge against Cross. In both novels "Cross Country" and "I, Alex Cross", Craig always calls towards the end of the books, leaving a threatening message and his future plan for revenge for Alex. In "Cross Fire", Craig returns and changes his face in order to get close to Cross. While pretending to be another FBI agent named Max Siegel, he takes on cases that Alex is doing and starts to gain his trust while on a case again two killer. After solving the case and Alex's wedding, Craig reveals himself to Alex, while on his honeymoon and fights him to the death for the final time. However, Alex wounds him and is arrested. Unable to escape and not wanting to go back to prison, Craig kills himself by shooting a gas tank, which kills him upon impact and burns his body. He is the only villain to appear in more books than any other villain in the series.
In the earlier books, it was mentioned that Kyle was married with a couple of kids, but his wife and children are never mentioned or seen in the later books, but it presumed that they have cut Kyle out of their lives, due to the fact that he is a killer.
The only books he hasn't appeared in was "London Bridges", "Mary Mary", "Cross", "Alex Cross's Trial", and all of the other novels after his death in "Cross Fire".
Relationships and Enemies.
Throughout the series, Kyle Craig had a seemingly strong friendship with Alex Cross. Kyle would help Alex out on several of his cases, giving him the resources and clearance to take care of the job. He also helped give him clearance to see Gary Soneji in "Along Came A Spider". In the novel "Kiss the Girls", Kyle kept Alex on the case to find his niece, Naomi, who was kidnapped by Casanova. Even off the case, the two had a strong friendship and would go out for a beer once in a while. Alex once consider Kyle to be one of his best and loyal friends in the FBI. However, when Kyle was revealed to be the "Mastermind", a serial killer who was behind a series of bank robberies, including the murder of Alex's girlfriend, FBI agent Betsey Cavalierre, all of which happened in "Roses Are Red" and "Violets Are Blue". The revelation put a strain on Alex's relationship with Kyle, and made them enemies to each other, with both of them wanting to kill each other. Alex later captured and imprisoned Kyle for his crimes, which would set Kyle off to vow vengeance. After escaping prison in "Double Cross", Kyle would face off against Alex for the final time in "Cross Fire", with Kyle dying by the climate of the novel.
In "Kiss the Girls", Kyle met Kate McTiernan for the first time and would later form a crush on her in "Violets Are Blue", despite the fact that she was engaged by that time. Both Kyle and Kate seemed to have a good friendship and meet up for lunch, along with Alex, once in a while. When it was revealed that Kyle was the killer known as the "Mastermind", Kate was shocked by the information and was revealed to be his next victim. After Kyle is captured and sent to prison, it is presumed that Kate has cut all ties from Kyle and moved on with her life.
Kyle also seemed to have a small friendship with John Sampson, Alex's childhood friend and partner. However, by the time Kyle is revealed to be the killer, John seemed to have come to view him as an enemy and whatever friendship existed between them faded away.
Kyle's relationship with his family wasn't very good to begin with and there was never any reconcile with any of them. It is believed that Mr. Craig, Kyle's father, abused him and that his mother did nothing to stop it. He also had two brothers, one of which he presumably kills and strains the relationship with the other for good. When Kyle is revealed to be a killer and sent to prison, his family shows no sympathy for him. During his imprisonment, Kyle's father dies. Kyle later kills his own mother and steals her money from her bank account after he escapes prison. After Kyle's death, his other brother is his own surviving family member left.
Sometime during Kyle's life, he met and married his unknown wife, having a few children too. His wife's name is unknown and is never shown in the novels leaving her and Kyle's relationship unknown, as well his relationship with his children. After Kyle's imprisonment, due to the fact that he is a serial killer, his wife and children are never mentioned or heard from again. It is left presumed that his wife and children had cut him off and moved on with their lives.
Although it is never shown, Kyle, as the "Mastermind", viewed Alex's current girlfriend in "Roses Are Red", FBI agent Betsy Cavalierre, to be a great enemy to his relationship and future rivalry with Alex. When Betsy started to investigate Kyle, under the suspicion that he may be the one behind the murders, Kyle kills her, stabbing her multiple times inside her own home.
Appearances.
"Along Came A Spider".
Kyle Craig makes several brief appearances in the novel, as a rising star in the FBI. He helps Alex Cross, John Sampson, and several other detectives search for Gary Soneji, to which they finally capture him at a McDonalds. He later becomes friends with Alex and starts giving him help through his FBI status.
"Kiss The Girls".
Kyle Craig returns for a much bigger role in the second novel, he helps lead an investigation against a serial killer and kidnapper, "Casanova". He provides resources for Alex, which helps lead to another serial killer by the name of "The Gentleman Caller", who stalks people on the Western Coast of California. At the end of the novel, both killers are linked together and are killed by Alex, and all kidnapped women are freed, finally ending the case.
During the book, it is hinted that Kyle may have murdered a reporter named Beth Lieberman, who was researching the The Gentleman Caller. This is later confirmed in "Violets Are Blue".
"Jack & Jill".
Kyle Craig's role is small in the novel, but he does make a few appearances throughout the book.
"Cat & Mouse".
Kyle is investigating a serial killer named "Mr. Smith", who has been killing throughout the Eastern United States and Western Europe. He tries to get Alex on the case but fails to convince him. After Alex and his family are brutually attacked inside their home, Craig and the FBI use the incident as an advantage to lour out Mr. Smith, who is revealed to be non other than Thomas Pierce, an FBI agent who has been on the Mr. Smith case since the beginning. Kyle later tries to have Thomas killed, based on a kill order from the FBI, during ambush. Pierce/Smith is able to escape but is finally killed by John Sampson.
"Pop Goes The Weasel".
Kyle's role is once again small, but he does appear a few times and even helps Alex try to find his fiancee, Christine Johnson, who was kidnapped by a serial killer named "Geoffrey Shafer".
"Roses Are Red".
At the beginning of the 2000 novel "Roses Are Red", Craig, using the alias "The Mastermind", formulates the robbery of a Citibank with two associates, Errol and Brianne Parker. Over the course of the robbery, Brianne reveals that Errol is holding the bank manager's family hostage and will kill them all if she doesn't leave the bank by a certain time. The robbery goes as planned, but Brianne neglects to call Errol, who in turn kills the family anyway. Craig, as the Mastermind, later visits the Parkers at their secluded hideout, bringing pizza and wine to celebrate. However, the poisoned items kill the Parkers. It is stated later that Brianne was raped by Craig post-mortem. Cross, investigating the robbery, finds the Parkers' bodies and informs Craig, unaware of his role in murdering them.
Craig hires a more professional robbery crew, who are referred to only by codenames: Mr. Red, Mr. White, Mr. Blue, and Mrs. Green. This new crew robs a First Union bank and, same as before, holds the manager's family hostage, only this time Mr. Red and Mr. White produce a videotape to prove they are not bluffing. When he hears an alert on a police scanner regarding the robbery, Mr. Blue kills the bank's staff; the First Union manager's family is later released. It is later revealed that Craig had intended for the staff to be killed no matter what the robbery's outcome was, and that it was he who tipped off the police. After two more robberies — which Craig investigates alongside Cross — he murders the crew with more poisoned food, this time having sex with Mrs. Green's corpse.
Craig hires five corrupt NYPD narcotics detectives to take part in his next crime, in which they commandeer a Washington tour bus carrying the wives of several insurance executives and demand a ransom of $5 million in uncut diamonds; the transfer is a success and the hostages are released. The FBI suspects a former U.S. Army sergeant, Mitchell Brand, of organizing the robberies and eventually track down his location. However, it turns out Brand was set up. Meanwhile, Craig commits two home invasions, in one case raping and killing a woman for the initial purpose of impregnating her. Cross' investigation next focuses on Frederick Szabo, the head of security at the First Union, and then on Szabo's therapist, Dr. Bernard Francis. Despite being implicated by an accomplice, Francis professes his innocence whilst dying from poison.
Three weeks after the case is seemingly solved, Craig contacts Cross and tells him that Betsy Cavalierre, the FBI special agent assisting him on the Mastermind case, has been raped, murdered, and mutilated in her own home. Cross, who was romantically involved with Cavalierre, swears to kill the Mastermind — unaware that Craig is listening and secretly estatic over the emotional turmoil he has caused.
"Violets Are Blue".
In the wake of Cavalierre's murder, Craig engages in a covert cat-and-mouse game with Cross, threatening his family and friends as the Mastermind. While this is going on, he also assists Cross in his investigation of a series of vampiric serial killings in San Francisco. Over the course of the investigation, they realize that the murders are the work of a cult and track similar killings across the country. When Cross returns to Washington, Craig enters his house and prepares to kill both him and his family. However, because Cross is recovering from injuries inflicted by a suspect, Craig does not consider him a worthy opponent at the moment and leaves.
After Cross links the killings to Daniel and Charles, a pair of travelling magicians, he and Craig travel to New Orleans to put them under surveillance. As the investigation progresses, Craig becomes increasingly hostile to Jamilla Hughes, an SFPD detective aiding Cross; Hughes considers Craig to be a control freak who has serious issues with women. After Daniel and Charles are mysteriously killed during a Halloween party, Cross receives another taunting call from the Mastermind; this time, he notices Craig watching him intently.
Cross comes to believe that while Daniel and Charles were involved in the killings, they had been framed for the more sloppy murders committed by Michael and William, two brothers also involved in their cult. When Hughes returns to San Francisco and is kidnapped by the cult, Cross and a seemingly detached Craig stake out the animal preserve where it is based. Events transpire to where Cross saves Hughes and the FBI apprehends the cult. However, upon receiving another threatening call from the Mastermind, Cross arranges for his family to be moved to a safe location. Cross suddenly realizes that Craig is the Mastermind, and arrives at Hughes' apartment to protect her from him.
Calling FBI director Ronald Burns, Cross learns about the Bureau's suspicions of Craig in both the Cavalierre and Lieberman murders. Cross races back to Washington to protect as many of his relatives and friends as possible from Craig's homicidal wrath. Cross correctly deduces that Kate McTiernan, one of the protagonists from "Kiss the Girls", is his next target. He finds Craig at McTiernan's home and engages in a vicious struggle with him, eventually knocking him out with a bottle. When Craig comes to, Cross goads him into making a confession, which is recorded on his cell phone. Kyle is sent to supermax security prison ADX Florence, where he being held on death row.
"Four Blind Mice".
Kyle Craig returns for two brief appearances in the novel, where he is still being held in prison. Alex and him meet over the Four Blind Mice case but he gives him little information, only taunting him about his family and everyone he has lost. They meet again at the end of the book, where Kyle promises Alex that he will escape and come after him and everyone else that he loves.
"The Big Bad Wolf".
Kyle Craig is mentioned at the beginning of the novel and appears at the very end. Alex Cross comes to him for help, which Criag provides, and gives the name of the criminal mastermind, "The Wolf", but the target is revealed to be a decoy.
"Cross".
Despite not appearing in the novel, Craig's presence can be felt at the beginning of the story. He writes a letter to Alex, expressing that he misses his times with him and swears revenge. He also promises that he will escape from prison one day and that he will kill his entire family with him watching.
"Double Cross".
Imprisoned at the supermax prison ADX Florence, Craig hatches an elaborate escape plan with his loyal attorney, Mason Wainwright. While Craig and Wainwright are having one of their regular meetings in ADX Florence—which are not monitored due to attorney–client privilege—the two men swap clothes and give each other prosthetic masks bearing their likenesses. Craig, having assumed Wainwright's identity, manages to leave the prison with ease and drive away in the lawyer's car. Wainwright, now bearing Craig's likeness, goes to his client's cell and hangs himself. However, prison officials figure out the ruse and warn Cross, who by now has started a private psychiatry practice in Washington.
Craig travels to his family's vacation home in Aspen, using another prosthetic mask to disguise himself as his dead father. He visits his mother and forces her to let him gain access to the Craig family's overseas bank accounts. After killing her, he travels the world to enjoy his newly gained freedom. He goes to Iowa City, Chicago, and Paris, where he meets three separate women and violently kills them, sexually violating at least two of the bodies. He leaves clues at his crime scenes, including an unsigned Hallmark card imitating the D.C. Audience Killer, or DCAK. Craig begins e-mailing DCAK, praising his work despite actually viewing him as an inferior amateur.
Craig leaves Paris for Washington, where he murders Nina Wolff, the judge who presided over his trial and sentenced him to death. He then has a meeting with DCAK in front of Cross' home. Events transpire to the point where Cross tracks down DCAK and engages in a knife fight in an alley. Craig appears, coaching DCAK on how to attack Cross. However, Cross manages to severely wound and incapacitate DCAK. Craig holds Cross at gunpoint and begins taunting him, but Cross' girlfriend, Detective Brianna Stone, appears on the scene and shoots Craig. Craig initially plays dead before getting up, vowing to kill Cross, and fleeing the scene.
"Cross Country".
The presence of Kyle Craig is felt at the end of the book, he makes a call to Alex, who has finished up a case on "The Tiger" and warns him that he will be coming after him soon.
"I, Alex Cross".
Kyle Craig once again calls Alex at the end of the novel, he doesn't make any physical appearances. He congratulates Alex on finding Caroline's killer, First Husband "Theodore Vance". He tells Alex that he will give him and his new fiancee, Bree Stone, some time for rest and fun, but warns him that he will return for revenge when the time is right.
"Cross Fire".
Despite making several threatening phone calls to Cross, Craig doesn't return until a few years after the DCAK case. Craig assumes the identity of an FBI agent, Max Siegel, by killing him and augmenting his own appearance through plastic surgery. He then murders Siegel's handler and returns to Washington, where "Siegel" is assigned to the Patriot sniper case with Cross. Craig antagonizes Cross by trying to beat him to breakthroughs in the case. He also copycats both the Patriot and the Numbers Killer, alerting Cross through cryptic clues that he is actually impersonating them.
After solving both the Patriot and Numbers cases, Cross marries Washington detective Brianna "Bree" Stone. Craig — still impersonating Siegel — shows up at Cross's honeymoon and attempts to take Cross' family hostage. With the help of Stone, Cross eventually subdues and arrests Craig, who is surprised that Cross refuses to kill him. As he is being taken into custody, Craig steals an officer's gun and shoots an air tank, which explodes and seemingly kills him.
This marks the final appearance of Kyle Craig, officially making him the most recurring villain in the series.
Adaptions.
Kyle Craig has been in two of three movie adaptions to the "Alex Cross series". He appeared in "Kiss the Girls" and "Along Came a Spider", being played by fellow actor, Jay O. Sanders.
Kyle Craig did not appear in the reboot, "Alex Cross", but he may appear in the potential sequel, which will be adapted from the novel, "Double Cross".

</doc>
<doc id="19503205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19503205" title="Wargosuchus">
Wargosuchus

Wargosuchus (meaning "Warg beast from J. R. R. Tolkien's works crocodile") is an extinct genus of baurusuchid mesoeucrocodylian from the Late Cretaceous of Argentina. It is known from a fragmentary skull from the Santonian-age Bajo de la Carpa Formation of the Neuquén Group, found in the vicinity of Neuquén, Neuquén Province, and was described by Agustín Martinelli and Diego Pais in 2008. The type species is "W. australis".
"Wargosuchus" is based on MOZ-PV 6134, a partial right premaxilla and maxilla, and partial skull roof. Martinelli and Pais distinguished "Wargosuchus" from other mesoeucrocodylians by skull details, such as a deep groove on the midline of the frontal bones, a large depression for the olfactory bulbs, and enlargement of the last tooth of the premaxilla followed by a deep pit for the following tooth of the lower jaw. The animal had a robust skull. It shared its setting with four other taxa of mesoeucrocodylians: common "Notosuchus", and rare "Cynodontosuchus", "Lomasuchus", and "Gasparinisuchus".

</doc>
