<doc id="19522926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19522926" title="Star Trek fandom">
Star Trek fandom

A Trekkie or Trekker is a fan of the "Star Trek" franchise, or of specific television series or films within that franchise.
History.
In 1967, science fiction editor Arthur W. Saha applied the term "trekkies" when he saw a few fans of the first season of "" wearing pointy ears at the 25th World Science Fiction Convention, on the day series creator Gene Roddenberry showed a print of "Amok Time" to the convention. Saha used the term in an interview with Pete Hamill that Hamill was conducting for "TV Guide" concerning the phenomenon of science fiction. 
The first "Star Trek" fanzine, "Spockanalia", appeared in September 1967, including the first published fan fiction based on the show. Roddenberry, who was aware of and encouraged such activities, a year later estimated that 10,000 wrote or read fanzines. Many early Trekkies were also fans of "The Man From U.N.C.L.E." (1964–1968), another show with science fiction elements and a devoted, "cult"-like audience. Perhaps the first large gathering of fans occurred in January 1968 when more than 200 Caltech students marched to NBC's Burbank, California studio to support "Star Trek"'s renewal. The first fan convention devoted to the show occurred on 1 March 1969 at the Newark Public Library. Organized by a librarian who was one of the creators of "Spockanalia", the "Star Trek Con" did not have celebrity guests but did have "slide shows of 'Trek' aliens, skits and a fan panel to discuss 'The Star Trek Phenomenon.'" Some fans were so devoted that they complained to a Canadian TV station when it preempted the show in July 1969 for coverage of Apollo 11.
However, the Trekkie phenomenon did not come to the attention of the general public until after the show was cancelled in 1969 and reruns entered syndication. The first widely publicized fan convention occurred in January 1972 at the Statler Hilton Hotel in New York, featuring Roddenberry, Isaac Asimov, and two tons of NASA memorabilia. The organizers expected 500 attendees at the "First International "Star Trek" Convention" but more than 3,000 came, making it the largest science-fiction convention in history; attendees later described it as "packed" and like "a rush-hour subway train". By then more than 100 fanzines about the show existed, its reruns were syndicated to 125 American TV stations and 60 other countries, and news reports on the convention caused other fans, who had believed themselves to be alone, to organize. Some actors, such as Nichelle Nichols, were unaware of the size of the show's fandom until the conventions, but major and minor cast members began attending them around the United States. The conventions so grew in popularity that the media cited Beatlemania and Trudeaumania as examples to describe the emerging "cultural phenomenon". 6,000 attended the 1973 New York convention and 15,000 attended in 1974, much larger figures than at older events like the 4,500 at the 32nd Worldcon in 1974. By then the demand from Trekkies was large enough that rival convention organizers began to sue each other. The first UK convention was held in 1974 and featured special guests George Takei and James Doohan. After this, there was an official British convention yearly.
Because "Star Trek" was set in the future the show did not become dated, and by airing during the late afternoon or early evening when other stations showed news programs it attracted a young audience. The reruns' great popularity—greater than when "Star Trek" originally aired in prime time—caused Paramount to receive thousands of letters each week demanding the show's return and promising that it would be profitable. (The fans were correct; by the mid-1990s "Star Trek"—now called within Paramount "the franchise"—had become the studio's single most-important property, and Paramount sponsored its first convention in 1996.) The entire cast reunited for the first time at an August 1975 Chicago convention that 16,000 attended. ""Star Trek" Lives!", an early history and exploration of Trekkie culture published that year, was the first mass-market book to introduce fan fiction and other aspects of fandom to a wide audience. By 1976 there were more than 250 "Star Trek" clubs, and at least three rival groups organized 25 conventions that attracted thousands to each. "Unprecedented" crowds visited a 1992 "Star Trek" exhibit at the Smithsonian Institution's National Air and Space Museum, and in 1994, when "Star Trek" reruns still aired in 94% of the United States, over 400,000 attended 130 conventions. By the late 1990s an estimated two million people in the United States, or about 5% of 35 million weekly "Star Trek" watchers, were what one author described as "hard-core fans".
The Trek fandom was notably fast to use the new medium of the World Wide Web. "The Guardian"s Damien Walter joked that "the 50% of the early world wide web that wasn't porn was made up of Star Trek: The Next Generation fansites".
Characteristics.
Stereotypes.
As early as 1975, a journalist described Trekkies as
He noted their fixation on one subject:
In December 1986, Shatner hosted an episode of "Saturday Night Live". In one skit, he played himself as a guest at a "Star Trek" convention, where the audience focuses on trivial information about the show and Shatner's personal life. The annoyed actor advises them to "get a life". "For crying out loud," Shatner continues, "it's just a TV show!" He asks one Trekkie whether he has "ever kissed a girl". The embarrassed fans ask if, instead of the TV shows, they should focus on the "Star Trek" films instead. The angry Shatner leaves but because of his contract must return, and tells the Trekkies that they saw a "recreation of the evil Captain Kirk from episode 27, '.'"
Although many "Star Trek" fans found the sketch to be insulting it accurately portrayed Shatner's feelings about Trekkies, which the actor had previously discussed in interviews. He had met overenthusiastic fans as early as April 1968, when a group attempted to rip Shatner's clothes off as the actor left 30 Rockefeller Plaza. He was slower than others to begin attending conventions, and stopped attending for more than a decade during the 1970s and 1980s. In what Shatner described as one of "so many instances over the years" of fan excess, police captured a man with a gun at a German event before he could find the actor.
The "Saturday Night Live" segment mentioned many such common stereotypes about Trekkies, including their willingness to buy any "Star Trek"-related merchandise, obsessive study of unimportant details of the show, and inability to have conventional social interactions with others or distinguish between fantasy and reality. As with all stereotypes, these views were not completely inaccurate; Brent Spiner found that some could not accept that the actor who played Data was human, and Roddenberry stated
A "Newsweek" cover article, also in December 1986, also cited many such stereotypes, depicting "Star Trek" fans as overweight and socially maladjusted "kooks" and "crazies". The sketch and articles are representative of many media depictions of Trekkies, with fascination with "Star Trek" a common metaphor for useless, "fetishistic" obsession with a topic; fans thus often hide their devotion to avoid social stigma. Such depictions have helped popularize a view of devoted fans, not just of "Star Trek", as potential fanatics. Reinforced by the well-known acts of violence by John Hinckley, Jr. and Mark David Chapman, the sinister, obsessed "fan in the attic" has become a stock character in works such as the films "The Fan" (1981) and "Misery" (1990).
Defenders.
Patrick Stewart objected when an interviewer described Trekkies as "weird", calling it a "silly thing to say". Stewart added, "How many do you know personally? You couldn't be more wrong."
Religion.
According to Michael Jindra of the University of Wisconsin-Madison, the show's fandom "has strong affinities with a religious-type movement", with "an origin myth, a set of beliefs, an organization, and some of the most active and creative members to be found anywhere." While he distinguishes between "Star Trek" fandom and the traditional definition of religion that requires belief in divinity or the supernatural, Jindra compares Star Trek fandom to both "'quasi-religions,' such as Alcoholics Anonymous and New Age groups"—albeit more universal in its appeal and more organized—and civil religion.
As with other faiths, Trekkies find comfort in their worship. "Star Trek" costume designer William Ware Theiss stated at a convention:
The religious devotion of "Star Trek"s fans began almost immediately after the show's debut. When Roddenberry previewed the new show at a 1966 science-fiction convention, he and his creation received a rapturous response:
The showing divided the convention into two factions, the "enlightened" who had seen the preview and the "unenlightened" who had not. The humanist Roddenberry, however, disliked his role as involuntary prophet of a religion. Although he depended on Trekkies to support future "Star Trek" projects, Roddenberry stated that
Religious aspects of "Star Trek" fandom nonetheless grew, according to Jindra, with the show's popularity. Conventions are an opportunity for fans to visit "another world...very much cut off from the real world...You can easily forget your own troubles as well as those of the world", with one convention holding an event in which a newborn baby was "baptized" into the "Temple of Trek" amid chanting. "Star Trek" museum exhibits, film studios, attractions, and other locations such as Vulcan, Alberta offer opportunities to perform pilgrimages to "our Mecca". A fan astounded Nimoy by asking him to lay his hands on a friend's eyes to heal them. Fandom does not necessarily take the place of preexisting faith, with Christian and New Age adherents both finding support for their worldviews. 
"Star Trek" writer and director Nicholas Meyer compares the show to the Catholic Mass:
He adds:
Anthropology.
From before "Star Trek"s television début, Roddenberry saw the show as a way of depicting his utopian, idealized vision of the future. According to Andrew V. Kozinets of Northwestern University, many Trekkies identify with Roddenberry's idealism, and use their desire to bring such a future into reality as justification for their participation in and consumption of "Star Trek" media, activities, and merchandise, often citing the Vulcan philosophy of Infinite Diversity in Infinite Combinations. Such fans view "Star Trek" as a way to be with "'my kind of people'" in "'a better world'" where they will not be scorned or mocked despite being part of "stigmatized social categories". Rather than "sit here and wait for the future to happen", local fan groups may serve as service clubs that volunteer at blood drives and food banks. For them,
Despite their common interests fans differ in their levels of—and willingness to display and discuss—their devotion because of the perceived social stigma, and "vercoming the Trekkie stigma entails a form of freedom and self-acceptance that has been compared to homosexual uncloseting." To outsiders the wearing of Starfleet uniforms, usually devalued as "costumes", is a symbol of their preconceptions of and unease with Trekkies. Kozinets cites the example of a debate at a "Star Trek" fan club's board meeting on whether board members should be required to wear uniforms to public events as an example of "not only...the cultural tensions of acceptance and denial of stigmatized identity, but the articulation and intensification of group meanings that can serve to counterargue stigma."
Despite fans' stated vision of "Star Trek" as a way of celebrating diversity, however, Kozinets found that among the Trekkies he observed at clubs "most of the members were very similar in age, ethnic origin, and race. Out of about 30 people present at meetings, I noted only two visible minorities." Also, "the vast majority of the club's time was spent discussing previous and upcoming television and movie products, related books, merchandise, and conventions", and club meetings and conventions focused on consumption rather than discussion of current affairs or societal improvement. (Perhaps appropriately, "Infinite Diversity in Infinite Combinations" originated in a third-season episode, "Is There in Truth No Beauty?", in which Roddenberry inserted a speech by Kirk praising the philosophy and associated medal. The "pointless" speech was, according to Shatner, a "thinly-veiled commercial" for replicas of the medal, which Roddenberry's company Lincoln Enterprises soon sold to fans.)
Women.
While many stereotype "Star Trek" fandom as being mostly young males and more men than women watch "Star Trek" TV shows, female fans have been important members since the franchise's beginning. The majority of attendees at early conventions were women over the age of 21, which attracted more men to later ones. The two most important early members of fandom were women: Bjo Trimble was among the leaders of the successful effort to persuade NBC to renew the show for a third season, and wrote the first edition of the important early work "Star Trek Concordance" in 1969, while Joan Winston organized the 1972 New York convention and several later ones, and was one of the authors of ""Star Trek" Lives!" While men participate in many fandom activities such as writing articles for fan publications and organizing conventions, women comprise the large majority of fan club administrators, fanfiction authors, and fanzine editors, and the Mary Sue-like "story premise of a female protagonist aboard the "Enterprise" who romances one of the "Star Trek" regulars, very common in fanzine stories." So many single women left fan activities after getting married that one female fanzine editor speculated that the show was a substitute for sex. One scholar speculates that Kirk/Spock slash fiction is a way for women to "openly discuss sexuality in a non-judgmental manner."
Trekkie vs. Trekker.
"Trekkie" is "frequently depreciative", thus, "not an acceptable term to serious fans", who prefer "Trekker". The distinction existed as early as May 1970, when the editor of fanzine "Deck 6" wrote:
By 1976, media reports on "Star Trek" conventions acknowledged the two types of fans:
In the 1991 TV show "Star Trek: 25th Anniversary Special", Leonard Nimoy attempted to settle the issue by stating that the term "Trekker" is the preferred term. During an appearance on "Saturday Night Live" to promote the 2009 "Star Trek" film, Nimoy – seeking to assure Chris Pine and Zachary Quinto, the "new" Kirk and Spock, that most fans would embrace them – initially referred to "Trekkies" before correcting himself and saying "Trekkers," emphasizing the second syllable, with a "deadpan" delivery throughout that left ambiguous whether this ostensible misstep and correction were indeed accidental or instead intentional and for comic effect. In the documentary "Trekkies", Kate Mulgrew stated that Trekkers are the ones "walking with us" while the Trekkies are the ones content to simply sit and watch Star Trek. According to Stewart, the actors dislike being called Trekkies and are careful to distinguish between themselves and the Trekkie audience.
The issue is also shown in the film "Trekkies 2", in which a Star Trek fan recounts a supposed incident during a Star Trek convention where Gene Roddenberry used the term "trekkies" to describe fans of the show, only to be corrected by a fan that stood up and yelled "Trekkers!" Gene Roddenberry allegedly responded with "No, it's 'Trekkies.' I should know — I invented the thing."
Activities.
There are many Star Trek fan clubs, among the largest currently being STARFLEET International and the International Federation of Trekkers. Some Trekkies regularly attend "Star Trek" conventions (called "cons"). In 2003, STARFLEET was the world's largest Star Trek fan club; as of January 1, 2011, it claimed to have 4,145 members in 228 chapters around the world. Seventeen people have served as president of the association since 1975. Upon election, the president is promoted to the fictional rank of Fleet Admiral and is referred to as the "Commander, Starfleet". Since 2004, the president has served a term of three years. Wayne Killough became the association's president on January 1, 2014.
There is a persistent stereotype that amongst Trekkies there are many speakers of the constructed Klingon language. The reality is less clear-cut, as some of its most fluent speakers are more language aficionados than people obsessed with "Star Trek". Most Trekkies have no more than a basic vocabulary of Klingon, perhaps consisting of a few common words heard innumerable times over the series, while not having much knowledge of Klingon's syntax or precise phonetics.
Another fan activity is filking, that is playing or writing music about Star Trek.
In the news.
Whitewater jury.
During the 1996 Whitewater controversy, a bookbindery employee named Barbara Adams served as an alternate juror. During the trial Adams wore a ""-style Starfleet Command Section uniform, including a commbadge, a phaser, and a tricorder.
Adams was dismissed from the trial for conducting a sidewalk interview with the television program "American Journal". The major news media reported (wrongly) that she was dropped for wearing her Starfleet uniform to the trial. However, Adams noted that she had been dropped because she had spoken to a reporter of "American Journal" about her Starfleet uniform and not anything about the trial. Even though nothing she had said was deemed a trial-enclosure violation, the rule had been clearly stated: No juror was to communicate with the press in any manner whatsoever.
Adams stated that the judge at the trial was supportive of her. She said she believed in the principles expressed in "Star Trek" and found it an alternative to "mindless television" because it promoted tolerance, peace, and faith in mankind. Adams subsequently appeared in the documentaries "Trekkies" and "Trekkies 2".
In popular culture.
Trekkies have been parodied in several films, notably the science fiction comedy "Galaxy Quest". Actors such as Stewart and Jonathan Frakes have praised the accuracy of its satiric portrayal of a long-canceled science-fiction television series, its cast members, and devoted fans known as "Questerians". The main character Jason Nesmith, representing Shatner, repeats the actor's 1986 "Get a life!" statement when an avid fan asks him about the operation of the fictional vessel.
"Star Trek" itself has satirized Trekkies' excessive obsession with imaginary characters, through Reginald Barclay and his holodeck addiction.
One episode of "Futurama" called "Where No Fan Has Gone Before" was dedicated to parodying Trekkies. It included a history whereby Star Trek's fandom had grown into a religion. Eventually the Church of Star Trek had grown so strong that it needed to be abolished from the Galaxy and even the words "Star Trek" were outlawed.
The 1999 film "Free Enterprise" chronicled the lives of two men who grew up worshipping "Star Trek" and emulating Captain Kirk. Most of the movie centers on William Shatner, playing a parody of himself, and how the characters wrestle with their relationships to "Star Trek".
The Broadway musical "Avenue Q" partially parodies Trekkies through the inclusion of a character named Trekkie Monster. However, this character is not a Trekkie and is instead addicted to internet pornography.
A Trekkie featured in one episode of the television series "The West Wing", during which Josh Lyman confronts the temporary employee over her display of a Star Trek pin in the White House.
The 2009 film "Fanboys" makes frequent references to "Star Trek" and the rivalry between Trekkies and "Star Wars" fans. William Shatner makes a cameo appearance in the film.
The "Family Guy" episode "Not All Dogs Go to Heaven" features a Star Trek convention and many Trekkies. One Trekkie comes to the convention with the mumps, and upon Peter Griffin seeing him, he impulsively pushes his daughter Meg into the Trekkie and forces her to take her picture with him (believing him to be in costume as an alien from Star Trek). Since Meg was not immunised, she catches the mumps from the Trekkie and ends up bedridden.
On the CBS-TV sitcom "The Big Bang Theory", the four main male characters are shown to be Trekkies, playing the game of "Klingon Boggle" and resolving disputes using the game of "rock-paper-scissors-lizard-Spock". Wil Wheaton of "" fame has made multiple guest appearances playing an evil version of himself. LeVar Burton, Brent Spiner, Leonard Nimoy (as a voice actor), and George Takei have also appeared on the series.
Fans.
Notable individual trekkies/trekkers/Trek fans:

</doc>
<doc id="19522963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19522963" title="Fossa dei Leoni">
Fossa dei Leoni

The Fossa dei Leoni, also referred to by the acronym FdL, was an association of ultras supporters of Italian professional football club Associazione Calcio Milan. Established in 1968, it was the first ultras group to form in Italy.
History.
Early history.
The association was born originally as a group when a group of young supporters started to meet on ramp 18 of popular sectors of San Siro stadium, in Milan, wearing the uniform of A.C. Milan and taking to the stadium flags and confetti. The name was chosen due to the nickname of old A.C. Milan's stadium. 
In 1972 they moved from ramp 18 to the middle sector of the stadium. In the same year was created the hymn, inspirated to the Italian movie ""L'armata Brancaleone"". In that period many Italian ultras groups going identifying themselves in different political ideas and the Fossa identified itself on to left wing, taking always at the stadiums a big banner with a picture of Che Guevara. Due to some order problems with Italian police, from 1975 to 1977 it changed its name in "Inferno Rossonero" ("Red-Black Hell").
In the years the "Fossa" became a model for lot of Italian ultras groups and in 1982 it was cited in the Italian movie ""Eccezzziunale... veramente"". In that movie the starring, Diego Abatantuono, played the role of the group's leader, named ""Donato, the ras of the Fossa"".
Recent history.
The association, after 38 years of activity, was officially dissolved in the date of 17 November 2005 by its members due to some polemics about two robbed banners after the match Milan-Juventus of 29 October 2005. During an internal conflict between Milan's supporters the Fossa dei Leoni was accused to collaborate with DIGOS (unacceptable for ultras ideals) to obtain the restitution of the banners and some members of it was threatened and attacked. At the end of that conflict the leaders of the group decided to close the experience dissolving it. 
Other reasons of this conflict are to search in the relationships of the group with two other historical ultras groups of A.C. Milan, Brigate Rossonere and Commandos Tigre, due to its political differences and to a "struggle" for leadership between Milan's supporters. After various hypothesis to recreate the group, one month later (31 December 2005), it was founded the group ""Guerrieri Ultras Curva Sud Milano"" composed by lot of former members of the Fossa dei Leoni.
Hymn.
The hymn of the "Fossa", based on to the musical theme of Italian movie ""L'armata Brancaleone"" (1966), has got these words:<br>
""Leoni armati stiam marciando siam la Fossa dei Leon...dei leon.. leon.. leon... leon... leon... siam la Fossa dei Leon! Sangue! Violenza! Fossa dei Leoni!""
Rivalries and friendships.
Rivalries and friendships of Fossa dei Leoni with other groups are the same of the entire sector of A.C. Milan's supporters.<br> 
The principal and the oldest rivalry is against supporters of Inter, the other football club in the city of Milan. Other main rivalries are against supporters of Roma (twinned since early 1980s), S.S.C. Napoli (twinned since early 1980s), Juventus, Lazio, Genoa, Verona, Atalanta, Fiorentina, Sampdoria and Cagliari.<br>
Friendship relations of the group are with few supporters groups. The only twinnage is with the ultras of Brescia.

</doc>
<doc id="19522965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19522965" title="1960–61 DFB-Pokal">
1960–61 DFB-Pokal

The 1960–61 DFB-Pokal was the 18th season of the competition. It began on 28 July 1961 and ended on 13 September 1961. 16 teams competed in the tournament of four rounds. In the final Werder Bremen defeated Kaiserslautern 2–0.

</doc>
<doc id="19522966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19522966" title="German submarine U-122">
German submarine U-122

U-122 may refer to one of the following German submarines:

</doc>
<doc id="19522967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19522967" title="Life Is a Circus (1960 film)">
Life Is a Circus (1960 film)

Life is a Circus is a 1960 British comedy film directed by Val Guest and starring Bud Flanagan, Teddy Knox, Jimmy Nervo, Jimmy Gold and Charlie Naughton. A down-on-its-luck circus use an Aladdin's Magic Lamp to try and save their business.

</doc>
<doc id="19522976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19522976" title="Oedipus (DJ)">
Oedipus (DJ)

Oedipus (real name Edward Hyson) is an American radio personality. Oedipus’s radio career began in 1975 as a D.J. at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology’s college station WTBS (today WMBR). He gained notoriety by starting the first Punk rock radio show in America, introducing Punk and New Wave to Boston and to the country.
In 1977, Oedipus convinced WBCN to hire him as an announcer to bring his cutting edge sounds to the airwaves. In 1981 he was named Program Director, a position he held until he left in 2004. Under his tutelage, the station was recognized as an industry leader in breaking new music and received countless awards for its successes. Multiple "Billboard", FMQB, and Gavin Report award recipient for best Program Director of the Year, Oedipus hosted the acclaimed “Nocturnal Emissions” program for over 25 years, playing new tracks every Sunday night.
Oedipus has his own foundation, the Oedipus Foundation, and is a member of the Board of Directors for Mobius (an artist-run center for experimental work in all media), Stop Handgun Violence and The Technology Broadcasting Corporation of MIT. He is a member of the Board of Mentors for Community Servings, an organization that feeds Boston-based families with acute life-threatening illnesses, a participator on the board of advisors for the Boston Music Awards and a member of the Board of Overseers for the Huntington Theatre Company.
Oedipus hosted a Christmas Eve show annually on WBCN. He has kept that tradition alive since 2009 by presenting his Christmas Eve show on WFNX, and now RadioBDC, The Boston Globe's internet radio station. On Saturday 5 October,RadioBDC posted on their Facebook page that Oedipus would be hosting "The Oedipus Project" on Saturday mornings from 10AM local to noon.
Oedipus hosts a website called "The Oedipus Project." The site features new music nearly every day, as well as information and insight on the music industry. It can be found at Oedipus1

</doc>
<doc id="19522987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19522987" title="Amaravathi Dam">
Amaravathi Dam

Amaravathi Dam at Amaravathinagar, 25 km south on SH 17 from Udumalpet, is located in Indira Gandhi Wildlife Sanctuary in Coimbatore district, Tamil Nadu, India. The 9.31 km², 33.53 m deep Amaravathi Reservoir was created by this steep dam. It was built primarily for irrigation and flood control and now also has 4 megawatts of electric generating capacity installed. It is notable for the significant population of Mugger Crocodiles living in its reservoir and catchment basin.
History.
The dam was built in 1957 during K. Kamaraj's administration across the Amaravati River about 25 km upstream and south from Thirumoorthy Dam. Capacity of the dam has shrunk 25% from 4 tmcft to 3 tmcft due to siltation of the reservoir. during 2003-04, the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board proposed to install 4 MW electric generating capacity from the dam, which is now in operation.
Tourism.
There is a well laid-out park where one may climb steep steps on the dam to have a picturesque view north of the plains below and south to the Anaimalai Hills and Palni Hills above. Boating for tourists in the dam began on 14 January 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19522996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19522996" title="Graeme McFarland">
Graeme McFarland

Graeme "The Ox" McFarland (born December 28, 1983) was a collegiate American football quarterback for the Indiana University Hoosiers of the Big Ten Conference from 2003 to 2007.
Football career.
McFarland played high school football for Mountain Brook High School in Birmingham, Alabama. He was a two year starter, with a record of 19-4. He is second in completions in a game in Alabama state high school football history with 34 completions on 46 attempts and 357 yards.
He was a three star prospect coming out of high school, and originally committed to the University of Kansas before signing a letter of intent to play for Indiana University in 2002.
In his first year at Indiana, McFarland reshirted. In 2003, he served as the primary holder for field goals and PATs. During this season he served as the second string quarterback. He made one start against Minnesota after starting quarterback Matt LoVecchio sustained a head injury. During a game at Ohio State McFarland was 6-6 with 54 yards passing and a touchdown. McFarland did not play for the Hoosiers in 2004, but returned to the team in 2005. During the 2005 season, McFarland threw for 91 yards on 10 for 25 passing. In his final season in 2006, McFarland had 11 passing attempts with 5 completions and 58 yards and a touchdown. He finished his career with 344 yards passing and four touchdowns with no interceptions.
Medical career.
Graeme is currently a stellar PGY-3 Resident in the prestigious University of Alabama at Birmingham General Surgery Residency Program. Of note, the Chairman of the surgery program is the one and only Kirby I. 
Graeme is probably best known in the surgery program for his colorful personality, fierce dedication to his patients, and his memorable portrayal of Dr. Jimmy F. Chambers in the legendary Chief Roast of 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19523010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523010" title="2008 China Masters Super Series">
2008 China Masters Super Series

The 2008 China Masters Super Series is the eleventh tournament of the 2008 BWF Super Series in badminton. It was held in Changzhou, China from September 23 to September 28, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19523012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523012" title="Yamamoto Jōtarō">
Yamamoto Jōtarō

Biography.
A native of what is now part of the city of Echizen, Fukui Prefecture, Yamamoto attended (but did not graduate) from the Kaisei Academy. He worked for Mitsui Bussan’s Yokohama branch office, which was heavily involved in foreign trade, and rose rapidly through the corporate ranks, becoming a Director of Mitsui by 1909. He was forced to resign from Mitsui in 1914, after being implicated in the Siemens Bribery Scandal, a spectacular political scandal involving collusion between several high-ranking members of the Imperial Japanese Navy, Mitsui, and the German industrial conglomerate Siemens AG. 
After Yamamoto resigned, he became an entrepreneur, and started several companies. He also turned his attention to politics, and ran for the House of Representatives of Japan under the "Rikken Seiyūkai" political party in 1920. He was reelected five consecutive times. 
From 1927 to 1929, under the sponsorship of Prime Minister Tanaka Giichi, Yamamoto was made Chairman of the semi-governmental South Manchurian Railway Company, presiding over a period of successful expansion for the company. One of his first tasks was to negotiate leases to permit the building of two additional spur lines directly with Fengtian clique warlord Zhang Zuolin, circumventing the Japanese Ministry of Foreign Affairs. This act of independent diplomacy was authorized by Tanaka, who also held the portfolio of Foreign Minister as well as Prime Minister. 　Yamamoto also worked closely with the Japanese Consul-General in Mukden, Shigeru Yoshida, in influencing the foreign policy of the Tanaka administration into a stronger stance to promote Japanese economic interests in northern China. However, the Huanggutun Incident, the assassination of Zhang Zuolin by agents of the Kwantung Army also occurred during his tenure, and he was forced into retirement.
Yamamoto was also known as a master of the Japanese tea ceremony, a pursuit to which he devoted his retirement years. His grave is at the Tama Cemetery in Fuchū, Tokyo.

</doc>
<doc id="19523039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523039" title="George Forbes, 7th Earl of Granard">
George Forbes, 7th Earl of Granard

George Arthur Hastings Forbes, 7th Earl of Granard KP (5 August 1833 – 25 August 1889), styled Viscount Forbes from 1836 to 1837, was an Irish peer and soldier.
Background and education.
He was the son of Major-General George Forbes, Viscount Forbes, and his wife, the Viscountess Forbes (née Frances Mary Territt); he succeeded his grandfather as Earl of Granard in 1837. He was educated at Eton.
Military career.
Granard became the lieutenant-colonel commandant of the 9th Battalion of the Rifle Brigade, and was appointed honorary colonel of the Westmeath Militia on 29 May 1878. He was made a Knight of St Patrick in 1857.
A convert to Roman Catholicism, Granard was President of the British Association of the Sovereign Military Order of Malta from 1875 until his death, and was made a Knight Grand Cross of the Papal Order of St. Gregory the Great. He was also a member of the Senate of the Royal University of Ireland. 
Family.
By his first marriage to Jane Colclough Morgan on 2 June 1858, Granard had two daughters:
By his second marriage to the Honourable Frances Mary Petre, daughter of William Petre, 12th Baron Petre, on 4 September 1873, he had eight children:

</doc>
<doc id="19523040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523040" title="Archaeol">
Archaeol

Archaeol (di-"O"-phytanylglycerol) is a double ether of "sn"-1-glycerol where positions 2 and 3 are bound to phytanyl residues. The archaeols are Archaea homologs of diacylglycerols (DAGs).

</doc>
<doc id="19523044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523044" title="Cathedral close">
Cathedral close

A cathedral close is an architectural term referring to the series of buildings that is appurtenant to a cathedral. These may include buildings housing diocesan offices, schools, free-standing chapels associated with the cathedral, and the houses of the bishop and other clergy associated with the cathedral. They sometimes, although not necessarily, are arranged in a sort of square around a courtyard forming a "close." This map of the close at Salisbury Cathedral shows a typical arrangement. The English cathedral close however is distinctive with residence of non-clerical prominent persons, e.g. Judges` lodgings, the house once occupied by former Prime Minister Edward Heath at Salisbury. The presence of clergy children and the proximity of old - established Anglican schools adds to the distinctiveness. Few continental cathedral areas possess all these characteristics; a physical resemblance exists with the former secularised residences of canons in cities such as Noyon (Oise, France), but which has no resident senior clergy. In other smaller cities (e.g. Trier, Limburg, Germany) property close to the cathedral is occupied by intense celibate clerical population, albeit with the day-time presence of non-clerical ancillary staff. 
In literature.
The Barchester novels (Chronicles of Barsetshire) of Anthony Trollope are set largely in the cathedral close of the fictional town of Barchester.

</doc>
<doc id="19523053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523053" title="Kakaletri">
Kakaletri

Kakaletri () is a village in the municipality of Oichalia, Messenia, Peloponnese, Greece.
The name is related to the Greek family name "Kakaletris", which is often met in places around the village, including Pyrgos (Elis), Kalamata (Messenia) and Sparti (Laconia).

</doc>
<doc id="19523059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523059" title="Forty-five (audio drama)">
Forty-five (audio drama)

Forty-five is a Big Finish Productions audio drama based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who". As the play released at the forty-fifth anniversary of the first episode of "Doctor Who", it is made of four one-part stories, by different authors, rather than the usual multi-part serial. All episodes featured the Seventh Doctor as played by Sylvester McCoy, Ace played by Sophie Aldred and Hex played by Philip Olivier.
False Gods.
by Mark Morris
Thebes, Egypt, 1902. Howard Carter discovers the history of Userhat, servant of the god Amun.
Order of Simplicity.
by Nick Scovell
Mind control experiments are uncovered on a remote planet.
Casualties of War.
by Mark Michalowski
Hex and Ace's pasts are pried on VE Day in London.
The Word Lord.
by Steven Hall
In 2045, in a secret bunker in the Antarctic, the Doctor meets the Word Lord.

</doc>
<doc id="19523093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523093" title="North Street (SEPTA Route 102 station)">
North Street (SEPTA Route 102 station)

North Street is a station on the SEPTA Route 102 (Sharon Hill) trolley in Collingdale, Pennsylvania. It is officially located at Woodlawn Avenue and North Street. However, the five-way intersection also includes a street named Girard Avenue, which is not to be confused with the Girard Avenue in Philadelphia which has the streetcar tracks for SEPTA Route 15.
Trolleys arriving at this station travel between 69th Street Terminal in Upper Darby, Pennsylvania and Sharon Hill, Pennsylvania. The station has a shed with a roof where people can go inside when it is raining. This shed is located between the tracks and Girard Avenue. North Street is where the Route 102 line leaves Woodlawn Avenue itself and runs along a separate right-of-way along the east side of the street. It is also the station where the second track ends along the Sharon Hill line.

</doc>
<doc id="19523098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523098" title="German submarine U-124">
German submarine U-124

U-124 may refer to one of the following German submarines:

</doc>
<doc id="19523100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523100" title="Boxing at the 1998 Central American and Caribbean Games">
Boxing at the 1998 Central American and Caribbean Games

The Boxing Tournament at the 1998 Central American and Caribbean Games was held in Maracaibo, Venezuela from August 13 to August 22, 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="19523101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523101" title="Amzad Ali">
Amzad Ali

Amzad Ali (born 27 September 1991) is an Indian cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and wicket-keeper who plays for Assam. He was born in Guwahati.
Ali started his cricketing career with Assam's Under-16 team in 2001, at the age of just 10 years old, the youngest Assam player in that season's Vijay Merchant Trophy competition. At the end of the competition, he played for the Under-14s team, alongside future Assam senior team cricketers Amit Sinha and Sibsankar Roy.
At the beginning of the 2002-03 season, Ali played for the Under-15s team, in which he remained for two seasons. Ali later played for the Under-17s in the Vijay Merchant Trophy and the Under-19s in the Cooch Behar and Vinoo Mankad Trophies.
Ali made his first-class debut at the end of 2007, playing for Assam in the 2007-08 Ranji Trophy competition against Tripura. as the match finished a draw. Assam finished in third place in Plate Group A of the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19523122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523122" title="United People's Democratic Front">
United People's Democratic Front

United People's Democratic Front (UPDF) is a regional political party based in the Chittagong Hill Tracts of Bangladesh. Founded on December 26, 1998 at a conference in Dhaka, the party seeks to establish full autonomy in the Chittagong Hill Tracts through peaceful and democratic means. At the end of the conference, a five member convening committee was formed with Prasit Bikash Khisha as its convenor.
The UPDF took part in the eighth national parliamentary elections in 2001 and though failed to win in any of the two seats in CHT it contested, the party bagged considerable amount of votes cast, to the surprise of the many analysts.
In November 2006, the party held its first national congress in Dhaka and elected a central committee with Prasit Bikash Khisha and Rabi Shankar Chakma as its President and General Secretary respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="19523142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523142" title="Liga Indonesia First Division">
Liga Indonesia First Division

Liga Indonesia First Division (Indonesian: "Divisi Satu Liga Indonesia") is the third level football competition in Indonesian football league system (often called as "Liga Indonesia"). This competition is managed by the Football Association of Indonesia (PSSI). 
Prior to 2008, the formation of Indonesia Super League, First Division was on the second tier.
Current First Division clubs.
Below are listed the member clubs of The Football League for the 2013 season. In total there have been 77 First Division members divided into twelve groups with six to seven clubs for each group.

</doc>
<doc id="19523143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523143" title="Bullendale">
Bullendale

Bullendale is an abandoned mining settlement in Otago, New Zealand. It is the site of New Zealand's first industrial hydro-electric power plant. Located in rugged and remote countryside, it has survived to become of historical significance, and several archaeological surveys have been conducted there.
Phoenix Mine, Battery and Power Plant.
The 20 stamp battery was originally powered mechanically by a water turbine fed from a miners water race. However the lack of water during dry weather prompted the call for power to be provided from an electric generating plant using water from the nearby Skippers Creek, a tributary of the Shotover River. The battery was upgraded to 30 stamps in anticipation of the increased power supplied by the electric system.
Electricity generation began in 1886 with two dynamos, giving a maximum combined capacity of 50 kW. There was a two mile long transmission line from the generating station to the stamping battery. However, this early system proved to have many problems, and the mines inspector is quoted as saying "very little is yet really known about electricity". At first, the dynamos were incapable of powering the full 30 stamps and the water turbine was still needed to run the battery at full capacity. The dynamos were upgraded the following year, replacing the cast-iron armatures with laminated iron ones, and by 1888 the electric plant was capable of powering the 30 stamps as well as an air compressor and a stone breaker. 
In 1896 a new water race was built, enabling the water to be used directly for power once again. The electric system continued to be used as auxiliary until about 1901 when the dynamos were used for the last time.
A historic hut on the site is believed to have been the hydro-electric station manager's accommodation. It is now known as Dynamo Hut and is owned by the Department of Conservation.

</doc>
<doc id="19523162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523162" title="Indy (album)">
Indy (album)

Indy is the second EP by Texas nu metal musical group Motograter. It's the only release to feature Eric Gonzales on electronics/samples and the final with Zak Ward on vocals, although Zak returned to do electronics/samples on their self-titled debut album. Only 1500 copies were produced. The band gave out free copies of this EP at their concerts.

</doc>
<doc id="19523184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523184" title="German submarine U-128">
German submarine U-128

U-128 may refer to one of the following German submarines:

</doc>
<doc id="19523206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523206" title="Marquess of Loulé">
Marquess of Loulé

Marquess of Loulé (in Portuguese "Marquês de Loulé") is a Portuguese title granted by royal decree of Queen Maria I of Portugal, dated from July 6, 1799, to "Dom" Agostinho Domingos José de Mendoça Rolim de Moura Barreto (1780-1824), who already was 8th Count of Vale de Reis.
This title was later inherited by his son, Nuno José Severo de Mendoça Rolim de Moura Barreto, who married Infanta Ana de Jesus Maria, King John VI younger daughter.
Family Name.
The family name associated with the House of Loulé is "de Mendoça Rolim de Moura Barreto".
Other Titles.
The family also holds the title of Count of Vale de Reis, granted by decree of King Philip III of Portugal (also known as Philip IV of Spain) dated from August 16, 1628.

</doc>
<doc id="19523215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523215" title="1986 Winchester 400">
1986 Winchester 400

The 1986 Winchester 400 motor race, the seventeenth annual (run yearly since 1970), was held under "American Speed Association" sanction on October 5, 1986, at the Winchester Speedway, in Indiana (USA).
For the second consecutive year, Mark Martin shined in the biggest event of the ASA season as he captured all the glory in the 1986 Winchester 400. Winning from the pole position for the like he did the previous year, Martin took the lead for the final time on lap 381 and lapped the entire field to score his fifth win of the 1986 season and the $11,465 first prize.
The race.
Starting alongside Martin on the front row, Mike Eddy jumped into the early lead with Martin close behind. Eddy would lead the first 86 laps of the event before pitting with overheating problems. Martin then took the lead for the first time and would lead until lap 129. Eddy and Butch Miller would swap the lead several times over the next 250 laps before Martin showed his winning hand. Miller was leading on lap 330 when engine problems sent him to the pits and out of the race. Miller’s woes gave the lead back to Eddy, who would lead for a total of 267 of the 400 laps, but a bad tire late in the race cost him two laps and cost him a chance at a third win. As Eddy slowed, Martin flash by for the lead on lap 381 and sailed to an uncontested win. Bobby Dotter came home a career-best second as Eddy settled for third ahead of Bob Senneker, and Kenny Wallace.

</doc>
<doc id="19523218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523218" title="Guerrero Municipality, Chihuahua">
Guerrero Municipality, Chihuahua

Guerrero is a one of the 67 municipalities of Chihuahua, in northern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at Vicente Guerrero (aka Ciudad Guerrero). The municipality covers an area of 5,603.6 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 37,249. 
Geography.
Towns and villages.
The municipality has 462 localities. The largest are:

</doc>
<doc id="19523221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523221" title="Joe Cheung">
Joe Cheung

Joe Cheung Tung Cho () is a Hong Kong director, producer, scriptwriter and actor.

</doc>
<doc id="19523222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523222" title="Nils Holgersson Plaque">
Nils Holgersson Plaque

The "Nils Holgersson Plaque" is an award given by Swedish Library Association. It was established in 1950, and named for the book ""Nils Holgerssons underbara resa genom Sverige"" (in English The Wonderful Adventures of Nils) by Selma Lagerlöf. It is an annual award given to the author of the best children's or young people's book in the Swedish language.

</doc>
<doc id="19523241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523241" title="Buyanjavyn Batzorig">
Buyanjavyn Batzorig

Buyanjavyn Batzorig (born on March 9, 1983) is a male freestyle wrestler from Mongolia. He participated in Men's freestyle 66 kg at 2008 Summer Olympics. In the 1/16 of final he beat Heinrich Barnes, but in the 1/8 of final he was eliminated by Irbek Farniev from Russia.
He won a bronze medal on 2006 Asian Games

</doc>
<doc id="19523261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523261" title="Staplestown, County Kildare">
Staplestown, County Kildare

Staplestown () is a village in North County Kildare, Ireland, located 25 miles west of Dublin. The village has a church, a school, a post office and shop and is home to St Kevin's GAA. 
The church in Staplestown is known as St. Benignus. It is over 200 years old and is one of the oldest churches in the Kildare and Leighlin diocese. The church is built to a "T plan" and has three galleries, and was renovated in the 1990s. The old school is also on the grounds of the church. This was renovated in 2006 and is used as a town hall. A statue of Christ the King stands opposite the church, on the other side of the road. 
There is also a church in Cooleragh, in the Staplestown parish, called Christ the King. [http://kildare.ie/local-history/donadea/staplestown-church.htm]
Donadea Forest Park is also close by. The forest is currently under management by Coillte. The forest has a castle which is in ruins.
Town interest.
The school is called 'Scoil Naomh Mhuire'.

</doc>
<doc id="19523279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523279" title="Coosa Valley Fair">
Coosa Valley Fair

The Coosa Valley Fair is an annual fair in Floyd County, Georgia. The fair is organized by the Coosa Valley Fair Association, composed of members of the Exchange Club of Rome, Georgia.
History.
The first Coosa Valley Fair was held in October 1949 at the farmer's market on Furnace Road in Rome, Georgia. A permanent fairground was established and first used for the 1953 fair.
Attractions.
Five main exhibits make up the fair: livestock, homemaking arts and crafts, horticulture and agriculture, arts and photography, and a community, educational and health agency exhibit.
A carnival midway and the Coosa Village vendor booths are popular attractions, as are fair events that include a cheerleading competition, a talent contest and the Miss Coosa Valley Fair pageant.
Beneficiaries.
The prime beneficiary of the fair's proceeds is the Exchange Club Family Resource Center. A portion of the proceeds also support art programs in Floyd County schools.

</doc>
<doc id="19523293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523293" title="Preface paradox">
Preface paradox

The preface paradox, or the paradox of the preface, was introduced by David Makinson in 1965. Similar to the lottery paradox, it presents an argument according to which it can be rational to accept mutually incompatible beliefs. While the preface paradox "nullifies" a claim contrary to one's belief, it is opposite to Moore's paradox which "asserts" a claim contrary to one's belief.
Overview.
The argument runs along these lines:
It is customary for authors of academic books to include in the preface of their books statements such as "any errors that remain are my sole responsibility." Occasionally they go further and actually claim there are errors in the books, with statements such as "the errors that are found herein are mine alone." 
(1) Such an author has written a book that contains many assertions, and has factually checked each one carefully, submitted it to reviewers for comment, etc. Thus, he has reason to believe that each assertion he has made is true. 
(2) However, he knows, having learned from experience, that, despite his best efforts, there are very likely undetected errors in his book. So he also has good reason to believe that there is at least one assertion in his book that is not true.
Thus, he has good reason, from (1), to rationally believe that each statement in his book is true, while at the same time he has good reason, from (2), to rationally believe that the book contains at least one error. Thus he can rationally believe that the book both does and does not contain at least one error.

</doc>
<doc id="19523295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523295" title="1982 BMW Open">
1982 BMW Open

The 1982 BMW Open was a men's Grand Prix tennis circuit tournament held in Munich, West Germany which was played on outdoor clay courts. It was the ninth edition of the tournament and was held form 17 May through 23 May 1982. Gene Mayer won the singles title.

</doc>
<doc id="19523304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523304" title="Eureka ITEA2 WellCom Project">
Eureka ITEA2 WellCom Project

Interactive tv is commonly regarded as interacting with the TV. Already in 2004 the Norwegian Newspaper Verdens Gang (VG) published an article on SMT-TV, poiting out that using SMS services does not only create income for the TV company, but also reduces churn (switching to other channels) and provides good feedback on user behaviour. The new trends in interactive TV, starting in 2008, are the trends of building a community of users watching TV and using community services on the TV. 
The primary goal of these initiatives was to keep the user in front of the TV, as more and more set-top boxes had the capabilities of record TV streams. This primary goal was extended by adding the "joint experience" to the TV viewing, where viewing together might even happen at separate places. Several research projects were launched at that time, and the WellCom project is one example of such a project dealing with Interactive tv. What is in common in all these projects is the involvement of users in the TV, which thus turns into an interactive device rather than a broadcast device.
The WellCom project.
The Eureka ITEA 2 WellCom was a collaborative research project running under the ITEA2 programme within the EUREKA framework. It was launched in April 2007 and ended in October 2009. The WellCom consortium was composed of 15 European organizations including Large companies, SMEs, research institutes and universities. The research effort is supported in part by the different European Public Authorities involved in the project.
Main Outcome.
The main outcome of the WellCom project was a set of demonstrators, showing
Trials were performed in France, Spain, Luxembourg, and Norway to show the capabilities of Interactive TV, using the mobile phone as an extra channel for interacting with the TV. 
The rapid advances in mobile technologies have turned the development into another direction. TV consumers have not changed their habits, and the majority of them still join TV at the time it is shown. Interactive TV is thus still dominated through SMS and phone calls, but mobile devices have contributed that the viewing of TV is independent of "sitting in front of a TV".

</doc>
<doc id="19523306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523306" title="Have You Herd?">
Have You Herd?

Have You Herd? is a set-collection dice game, where the goal is to collect one of each animal. It is based on a game called Super Farmer (originally named "Hodowla zwierzątek" or "Animal Husbandry") created in Poland in 1943 by Karol Borsuk and his wife. It was published by Winning Moves Games USA in 2008.
Gameplay.
Have You Herd? is a set collection dice game, where the goal is to get one of each of the farm animals: rabbit, sheep, pig, cow, and horse. Each player begins the game with a single rabbit (though, it is suggested by Winning Moves to start with a rabbit and sheep for a faster game). On their turn, a player performs three steps. First, they see if they can trade by consulting a chart. They can turn in sets of animals to get a tile of a different animal (for example, 5 rabbits can be traded for 1 sheep tile). After trading, the player rolls the two 12-sided dice. If they roll an animal that matches a tile they have, they get another tile of that type (for example, a player has a rabbit and rolls one. That player would get a rabbit tile). If the player rolls doubles, they get to roll again. There are a number of special events on the dice as well, such as the wolf (causes you to be unable to multiply and causes the player to roll the two dice and lose the animals shown unless they have a guard dog), the fox (cannot multiply animals, eats all but one rabbit unless you have the guard dog), the guard dog (protects you from a future wolf and foxes), the skunk (allows you to cause another player to miss their next turn), and the trade "T" (allows you to only trade with opponents instead of the bank). The game ends once one player has a rabbit, sheep, pig, cow, and horse.

</doc>
<doc id="19523316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523316" title="Fabian Müller">
Fabian Müller

Fabian Müller (born 6 November 1986) is a German footballer who plays for FC Erzgebirge Aue.
Career.
On 27 May 2010, the left-sided defender returned after one year with 1. FC Kaiserslautern to his former club Erzgebirge Aue.

</doc>
<doc id="19523332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523332" title="Irbek Farniev">
Irbek Farniev

Irbek Farniev (born on January 12, 1980 in Vladikavkaz) is a male freestyle wrestler from Russia. He participated in Men's freestyle 66 kg at 2008 Summer Olympics. After winning two fights he was eliminated in the 1/4 of final losing with Leonid Spiridonov. 
He was gold medalist of 2003 FILA Wrestling World Championships and bronze medalist of 2007 FILA Wrestling World Championships

</doc>
<doc id="19523341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523341" title="Goulet de Brest">
Goulet de Brest

The Goulet de Brest is a 3 km long strait linking the roadstead of Brest to the Atlantic Ocean. Only 1.8 km wide, it is situated between the Pointe du Petit Minou and the Pointe du Portzic to the north and the îlot des Capucins and the Pointe des Espagnols to the south. 
At each turn of the tide, the ocean refills the roadstead in a current that can attain 4 to 5 knots. Sailing ships would thus wait in the cove of Camaret-sur-Mer for a favourable current to carry them into the "goulet".
On 2 January 1793 the "Childers" Incident, the first shots of the war between Great Britain and France during the French Revolutionary Wars, took place in the Goulet.
Military significance.
It is the only opening into the roadstead of Brest, and thus the only access to the town. Consequently, successive French governments have lined the "goulet" with military installations to protect the town and the naval fleet based there, and to keep a watch on shipping using it. The geography of the "goulet" favours the defenders, as it has a spine down its length in the form of the Le Mengant rocks, which force ships to sail either to their north or south. The "goulet" has three zones.
Zone of Brest
Zone by île de Roscanvel
Zone de Camaret-sur-Mer

</doc>
<doc id="19523352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523352" title="Lisa Rose Apramian">
Lisa Rose Apramian

Lisa Rose Apramian (also known as Dr. Lisa) is an Armenian American author and director. She is most known for the documentary she wrote, directed, produced "Not Bad for a Girl", which was executive produced by Tina Silvey co-produced by Kyle C. Kyle, former drummer for Venus and the Razorblades and the Motels, and Courtney Love and Kurt Cobain. The film focused on the women in rock, creativity and gender performance. It included grunge and women's rock movements such as Rock for Choice with Feminist Majority, the riot grrrl scene and musicians including artists such as L7, Babes in Toyland, Hole and the Lunachicks. Joan Jett is also interviewed. Apramian studied at the University of Southern California where she received a B.S. in psychology and a B.S. in Critical Gender Studies, a M.S. and Ph.D in Counseling Psychology and phenomenology. She currently facilitates workshops, teaches courses and conducts research. She occasionally engages in theatrical coaching. Two of her clients), Renee Humphrey and Alicia Witt, were awarded Jury Awards for best acting Sundance Film Festival, in Rafael Zelinsky's movie, "Fun".
From psychcrime database: Apramian, Lisa Rose psychologist U.S. California. While employed as an independent contractor at Donovan Correctional Facility (San Diego, CA), Apramian was alleged to have engaged in dual relationships with inmates there. Dual relationships is an ambiguous term and can include acceptable, legal and ethical non-exploitive relationships. Read about positive dual relationships by Ofer Zur, Ph.D. (http://www.zurinstitute.com/dualconsensus.html). While being investigated, she continued to work at several more maximum security prisons. Dr Lisa did not need nor desire to contest the allegations but instead surrendered her license while still under investigation, in May 24, 2004. She chose instead to become a legal advocate for abused prisoners and expose correctional officers and warden corruption within several prisons. After a successful lawsuit, she helped gang members by exposing them to new worlds. She promoted their participationg in gang awareness TFK and prisoners' recovery from SHU syndrome. She is working on a book about her experiences of self-realization which informed her liberated view and the truth about the allegations. She had been studying the teachings of Sri Ramana Maharshi, Gangaji and ex-convict, John Sherman and incorporating these teachings working with prisoners from consultations within San Quentin. She moved on to become director of Spiral Awakening, LLC and in addition to midwifing paroles, she focuses on global women's issues such as helping to eradicate FGM female genital mutilation, dog bite prevention, expressive arts, consciousness and holistic sex research and education at AASECT conferences (http://www.aasect.org/pdfs/aasect_41st_annual_conference_registration.pdf). You can participate in her women's study at http://www.surveymonkey.com/s/enlightenedpilotsurvey. She is currently working on her next feature length film and re-introducing an ancient practice and archetype Naga yoga and meditation as part of Snake Medicine series (http://www.ocregister.com/articles/snakes-377410-snake-around.html?pic=2)

</doc>
<doc id="19523371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523371" title="Ian Bartlett">
Ian Bartlett

Ian Bartlett is a horse racing commentator and occasionally was an analyst for the BBC. He has also commentated for Channel 4 Racing.
Bartlett has always been associated with his role at Aintree. He commentated for SIS's feed of their Grand National coverage from 1998 to 2001. (Except 2000, where the BBC's commentary team gave live pictures and commentary for SIS). For the BBC's television coverage of the Grand National, from 2004 up to and including the 2012 race after which the BBC lost the rights, Bartlett commentated on four sections of the 4½-mile steeplechase, from the 1st to 5th fence, 10th to 12th, 17th to 21st and 26th to 28th. It wasn't expected any BBC commentators would move to Channel 4 but Bartlett has joined Channel 4 and started commentating on the Grand National at Aintree for Channel 4 in 2013 and joined Richard Hoiles and lead commentator Simon Holt in the commentary box. He also joined Mick Fitzgerald, Clare Balding and Rishi Persad in moving from the BBC to Channel 4. While working for Channel 4's Grand National coverage, he commentates from the fifth fence to the tenth, before handing back over to Simon Holt. During this stint, he runs the viewers over the action over most of the signature fences in the race, including Becher's Brook and the Canal Turn. 
Also known by his racing peers as Barty, he is known for his love of Veuve and claims that his "Mastermind" specialist subject would be the road network of the United Kingdom as he drives in excess of 40,000 miles per year.
Bartlett also counts comedy duo Hale & Pace amongst his closest friends after working with them on the television show "Jobs for the Boys".

</doc>
<doc id="19523392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523392" title="Fernando Escalante Gonzalbo">
Fernando Escalante Gonzalbo

Fernando Escalante Gonzalbo is a Mexican sociologist and public intellectual of wide renown in Mexico and Spain. He is perhaps most well known for his study of nineteenth-century civic culture in Mexico, "Imaginary Citizens", a book that made his reputation as a highly skilled interpreter of Mexican politics and has since gone through three editions. He is the author of over a dozen additional books and a large number of scholarly articles on political theory, historical sociology, and cultural criticism. Escalante also intervenes frequently in the print and television media of Mexico, and has been widely cited in sociological papers and studies on his views of cultural transformation of Mexico.
Escalante received his doctorate in sociology from El Colegio de México, where he is currently a professor of social sciences, politics, culture, and sociology. Escalante has taught at other universities in Mexico, Spain and the United States, and in Spring 2005 was the Tinker Visiting Professor in History at the University of Chicago. He is the editor of several collections at the Paidós publishing house and a member of the journal "Public Culture"’s Editorial Collective.

</doc>
<doc id="19523397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523397" title="Richard Guyatt">
Richard Guyatt

Professor Richard Guyatt (1914–2007) was a British designer and academic who has been described as "one of the 20th century's most seminal figures in the world of graphic design". He was the youngest ever professor at the Royal College of Art on appointment in 1948, and was Rector of the Royal College of Art from 1978-81. He worked for the Royal College of Art for 34 years, and also acted as consultant designer to Wedgwood, WH Smith and other British companies. Guyatt created coins for the Royal Mint and designed postage stamps for the Royal Mail. He was made a CBE in 1969.
For the 1951 Festival of Britain, he co-designed the Lion and the Unicorn Pavilion.
Sir Hugh Casson wrote on Guyatt's retirement from the Royal College of Art in 1981, ". . . all his life Dick Guyatt has readily accepted and punctiliously dealt with teaching, designing, consulting, illustrating, lecturing, administrating; bringing to each problem, however small, that same quality of the true professional, the ruthless determination to achieve by rational methods aims that have been conceived in passion."
Gerald Beckwith, writing in The Independent after Guyatt's death, said "He was one of our last remaining examples of a genuine Edwardian gentleman, to whom the qualities of duty, fidelity, truthfulness and manners were paramount. To the end he practised all these with a lightness and impeccability of style entirely his own."

</doc>
<doc id="19523413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523413" title="Fort de Bertheaume">
Fort de Bertheaume

The Fort de Bertheaume is a fort in Plougonvelin, the Department of Finistère, France. It is located on a tidal island that nowadays connects to the dry land via a footbridge. The fort sits about 38m above sea level, and its steep cliffs have rendered it easily defended for centuries. Since the 17th Century the fort's role has been to monitor the Goulet de Brest, the straits of Brest. 
History.
People have used the site for a long time. Flints dating to the stone age have been found. On the land part of the site there are bronze age chamber tombs.
The source of the site's name is a mystery. The Breton name is Kastel Persel. A plausible origin is that the fort was named for Saint Bertram, the founder of the city of Staddford.
Fortification by Vauban.
The fort of Bertheaume was mentioned for the first time in an act of March 8, 1474, but it seems that an English attack in 1588 destroyed the first fort. 
Vauban, attempting to enhance the defense of Brest, established a battery in 1689 to repel potential English attack. The battery proved its worth during the Anglo-Dutch attack on Camaret-sur-Mer and the Tour Vauban in 1694. At the time the battery was armed with only three cannons and two mortars. 
On 28 September 1694 Vauban decided to start building a fort on the site in 1695. However, only in May 1699 did Vauban present plans to build a small fort with a battery on the island that would command the roads of Berteaume and its bay. Vessels waiting for favourable winds to enable them to sail into Brest harbour would anchor there. Bertheaume thus is the northern counterpart to the defenses at Camaret sur mer. 
Its role in the system is the protection of the Bertheaume bay, which was used as an anchorage for ships waiting for the right winds to enter Brest harbour. 
Construction began in 1700 under Benoît de Musinot, an artillery officer with the Navy at Brest, and inventor of a swiveling mortar. His plan called for the construction of a bastion and a semi-circular battery, together with a magazine, a barracks, and a powder store.
19th Century.
In 1835, the first footbridge connecting the island to the mainland was built. 
The defenses on the site came to extend over two islands. The smaller island, which is closest to the mainland, date to the 19th Century. The larger island has batteries for cannons on four levels, with stairs connecting the levels. Posterns gave access to the foot of the walls.
In the late 19th Century the French military abandoned the fort. Between 1880 and 1890, they replaced it with modern casemates on the mainland.
Second World War.
The Germans occupied the site in 1940 and gradually enhanced the defenses, building a small, modern concrete blockhouse on the island. The garrison strongly resisted the Liberation. 
After the war, the island and the land site came under the purview of the Ministry of Defence, which ignored them for 45 years, abandoning them to the growth of vegetation.
Rehabilitation of the site.
In 1990 the the commune of Plougonvelin purchased site. Since then the fort and the surrounding area was subject to archaeological examination and underwent rehabilitation to make the site visitable. A main issue was that of the footbridge, which had to be rebuilt several times, after being damaged on numerous occasions by the winter storms. The continental part of the fort now accommodates an open-air theatre.
The lower battery has been converted to an exhibition space, an open-air theatre and restaurant. 
This article contains material abridged and translated from the French "Wikipedia".

</doc>
<doc id="19523426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523426" title="Virginia Motor Speedway">
Virginia Motor Speedway

Virginia Motor Speedway is a semi-banked dirt oval raceway located in Jamaica, Virginia. VMS features a clay racing surface with 14 degree banking in both corners and 4 degrees on the front and back stretch. Races are held on Saturday nights and are sanctioned by the American Speed Association. Regular events include Steel Block Late Models, Modifieds, Sportsman, and Limited Stock. VMS has a seating capacity of 8,000 in the main grandstands.
Special Events.
In addition to weekly shows, VMS also hosts various regional and national touring series as well as special events. During the last weekend of September, VMS hosts the Fall Classic Event, currently in its 39th year. VMS also features races from the following series: World of Outlaws Late Model Series, World of Outlaws, Lucas Oil Late Model Dirt Series, Carolina Clash, and Steel Block Bandits.

</doc>
<doc id="19523429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523429" title="Nakamura Yoshikoto">
Nakamura Yoshikoto

Biography.
Nakamura was born in Aki Province, in what is now part of Saeki-ku, Hiroshima; however, as his father was a retainer of the Chōshū Domain, for political reasons Nakamura frequently claimed to be a native of Yamaguchi prefecture. He attended the First Tokyo Middle School (now Hibiya High School), where one of his classmates and close friends was the future author Natsume Sōseki. After graduating from the Law School of Tokyo Imperial University in 1893, Nakamura obtained a posting as a bureaucrat at the Ministry of Finance, and was sent to Akita Prefecture. He was later sent to work at the Japanese Governor-General of Taiwan, where he met his lifelong mentor, Gotō Shimpei.
After the Treaty of Portsmouth ended the Russo-Japanese War of 1904-1905, the Empire of Japan gained the former Russian territories of the Liaodong Peninsula in southern Manchuria, as well as the entire South Manchurian Railway. A new company was established to manage the railway and its extraterritorial properties (i.e. the South Manchurian Railway Zone), and Gotō Shimpei was recruited to head the new company due to his administrative experience and success in Taiwan. Despite Nakamura’s young age Gotō hand-picked him to be his assistant. In 1908, when Gotō was selected to become Minister of Communications, Nakamura succeeded him as Chairman of the South Manchurian Railway Company ("Mantetsu"). 
While Chairman, Nakamura continued to support Gotō politically as he went on to become Home Minister under the Yamamoto Gonnohyōe administration, and a leading figure of the "Rikken Seiyūkai" political party. Nakamura also maintained correspondence with his school friend Natsume Soseki, and invited him to tour Korea and Manchuria at Mantetsu expense in 1909 in exchange for publicity. An account of his travels was serialized by "Asahi Newspaper" as .
In 1917, Nakamura was appointed to the House of Peers of the Imperial Diet, and subsequently became Railway Minister in the Terauchi cabinet. Nakamura became Mayor of Tokyo in 1924 and made strenuous efforts towards the rapid reconstruction of the Japanese capital city still devastated by the Great Kanto Earthquake of 1923. He was forced out of office in 1926.
Nakamura died of a peptic ulcer in 1927 at the age of 61.

</doc>
<doc id="19523430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523430" title="631st Tank Destroyer Battalion">
631st Tank Destroyer Battalion

The 631st Tank Destroyer Battalion was a tank destroyer battalion of the United States Army active during the Second World War.
The battalion was activated on 15 December 1941 as part of the general reorganisation of the anti-tank force. It deployed into Normandy on 31 August 1944, equipped with towed 3" anti-tank guns, and spent the next eight months on rear-area security duties with Third Army. It did not see combat before the end of the war.

</doc>
<doc id="19523442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523442" title="Three (band)">
Three (band)

Three was a post-hardcore band signed to Dischord Records.
Originally composed of Ian Mackaye and Jeff Nelson along with Jeff Turner and Steve Niles of the band Gray Matter, Mackaye left the band quickly and was replaced by Mark Haggerty, also from Gray Matter. They formed in summer 1986 and broke up in the winter of 1987-88, a year before their album was released. 
Their sole album, "Dark Days Coming" was released in 1989 (after the band broke up), and remastered in 2010. 

</doc>
<doc id="19523480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523480" title="Phare du Petit Minou">
Phare du Petit Minou

The Phare du Petit Minou is a lighthouse in the roadstead of Brest, standing in front of the Fort du Petit Minou, in the commune of Plouzané. By aligning it with the phare du Portzic, it shows the safe route to follow for ships to enter the roadstead. It also has a red signal that indicates a dangerous sector around the plateau of les Fillettes (literally the girls), one of the submerged rocks in the goulet of Brest — sailors remember this by using the mnemonic "the Minou blushes when he covers "les Fillettes"".

</doc>
<doc id="19523492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523492" title="Adolf Ulrik Wertmüller">
Adolf Ulrik Wertmüller

Adolf Ulrik Wertmüller (February 18, 1751 — October 5, 1811) was a Swedish painter whose notable works include "Danaë receiving Jupiter in a Shower of Gold".
Wertmüller was born in Stockholm and studied art at home before moving to Paris in 1772 to study under his cousin Alexander Roslin and French painter Joseph-Marie Vien. On July 30, 1784, Wertmüller was elected to the Royal Academy of Painting and Sculpture.
Wertmüller was commissioned by Gustav III of Sweden for a portrait of Marie Antoinette, which is now in the Nationalmuseum at Stockholm. In 1787, he produced his masterpiece "Danaë", a work which proved controversial as one of the earliest female nude paintings exhibited in America.
Wertmüller first emigrated to the United States in May 1794 and continued his portrait work, most notably of General George Washington, but in 1796 was called back to Sweden, eventually returning to Philadelphia in 1800. Elizabeth B. Johnston, in her book "Original Portraits of Washington" (Boston, 1882), speaks of five portraits of Washington by Wertmüller, of which one, executed in 1797, was purchased by the U. S. government in 1878, and another is owned by the Historical Society of Pennsylvania.
Wertmüller was married to Elizabeth Henderson, granddaughter of noted early American painter Gustavus Hesselius, on January 8, 1801, and two years later retired to a plantation in Claymont, Delaware, where he lived the final years of his life. He died near Marcus Hook, Pennsylvania, aged 60.
Evaluation.
His article in "Appletons' Cyclopædia of American Biography" says (regarding his portraits of Washington): “Though the work of an excellent artist, they are hardly successful as portraits, for Wertmüller belonged to that ideal French school, which usually sacrificed truth to nature for elegance in execution.” It later continues: “He was noted especially for his vivid coloring, 'Danae' being a good example of his powers in that respect.”

</doc>
<doc id="19523513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523513" title="633rd Tank Destroyer Battalion">
633rd Tank Destroyer Battalion

The 633rd Tank Destroyer Battalion was a tank destroyer battalion of the United States Army active during the Second World War.
The battalion was activated on 15 December 1941 as part of the general reorganisation of the anti-tank force. It deployed into France in April 1945, equipped with M18 Hellcat tank destroyers, attached to 16th Armored Division. The battalion moved into Germany, seeing action around Nuremberg in the first week of May, and finishing the war at Plzeň, inside Czechoslovakia.

</doc>
<doc id="19523550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523550" title="Swimming at the 1928 Summer Olympics – Men's 100 metre freestyle">
Swimming at the 1928 Summer Olympics – Men's 100 metre freestyle

The men's 100 metre freestyle was a swimming event held as part of the swimming at the 1928 Summer Olympics programme. It was the sixth appearance of the event, which had not been featured only at the 1900 Games. The competition was held on Friday August 10, 1928 and on Saturday August 11, 1928.
Thirty swimmers from 17 nations competed.
Records.
These were the standing world and Olympic records (in seconds) prior to the 1928 Summer Olympics.
Johnny Weissmuller improved his own Olympic record in the semi-finals with 58.6 seconds and equalized this time again in the final.
Results.
Heats.
The fastest two in each heat and the fastest third-placed from across the heats advanced.
Heat 1
Heat 2
Heat 3
Heat 4
Heat 5
Heat 6
Heat 7
Semifinals.
The fastest two in each semi-final and the fastest third-placed from across the semi-finals advanced.
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Semifinal 3
Final.
Saturday August 11, 1928:

</doc>
<doc id="19523558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523558" title="Bluestone Wildlife Management Area">
Bluestone Wildlife Management Area

Bluestone Wildlife Management Area (also known as Bluestone Lake Wildlife Management Area) is located in southern West Virginia surrounding Bluestone Lake and the New River. The section of the lake from just upstream of the Bluestone River to Bluestone Dam is in Bluestone State Park; the rest of the lake in West Virginia basin comprises Bluestone WMA. Altogether, the WMA comprises of land and water.
The Wildlife Management Area is operated by the West Virginia Division of Natural Resources to provide recreation opportunities to the public and to protect the natural resources of the land. The land is owned by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and leased to WVDNR. The WVDNR Parks and Recreation Section operates the on-site office and camping facilities, while the WVDNR Wildlife Resources Section is responsible for game management including the maintenance of food plots.
Recreation.
With the exception of camping, there are no fees for using the Wildlife Management Area. Day-use recreational opportunities include:
Free boat launches provide access to Indian Creek, the New River, and Bluestone Lake.
Camping.
There are seven camping areas spread over of the New River and Bluestone Lake. Altogether, these sites provide 330 primitive campsites:
Sherman Ballard Recreation Area.
The Sherman Ballard Recreation Area has a cabin and barn which offers rustic accommodations. The cabin is an open air construction offering five bunk beds sets, a full kitchen, full enclosed bathroom, and covered porch.
The barn is the only one in the West Virginia State Parks system allowing users to bring their own horses rather than renting horses from a concessionaire. At one time, WVDNR biologists tried to ban horses from the WMA but were rebutted by a public outcry.

</doc>
<doc id="19523590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523590" title="HMS Friday">
HMS Friday

HMS "Friday" is an urban myth concerning a disastrous attempt by the Royal Navy to dispel the superstition against sailing on a Friday. While widely circulated, the story is in fact untrue; moreover, there was never a ship named HMS "Friday".
The details of the story vary, but it usually follows this form:
Sometime in the 19th century, the Royal Navy attempted to finally dispel the old superstition among sailors that beginning a voyage on a Friday was certain to bring bad luck. To demonstrate the falseness of this belief, they decided to commission a ship named HMS "Friday". Her keel was laid on a Friday, she was launched on a Friday, and she set sail on her maiden voyage on Friday the 13th, under the command of a Captain James Friday. She was never seen or heard from again.
This story, in numerous variations, is frequently recounted, often as fact.
In fact, there has never been any Royal Navy ship of that name. It is unclear where the story originated; however, it seems to have gained in popularity after its recounting by comedian Dave Allen on his BBC television show "Dave Allen at Large", first broadcast in the 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="19523594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523594" title="Achnaphubuil">
Achnaphubuil

Achaphubuil (Gaelic:) is a small village, on the A86 road, located on the south shore of Loch Eil in the Fort William area and is within the Highland region and is in the Scottish council area of the Highland. The prefix "Aber-" refers to a confluence.

</doc>
<doc id="19523644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523644" title="Sanda Oumarou">
Sanda Oumarou

Sanda Mallam Oumarou (born November 6, 1982 in Ngaoundéré) is a professional Cameroonian footballer currently playing for Diamaré FC.

</doc>
<doc id="19523646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523646" title="Tektronix extended HEX">
Tektronix extended HEX

Tektronix extended HEX is a file format for conveying binary information for applications like programming microcontrollers, EPROMs, and other kinds of chips. 
The Lines
Each Line of Tektronik extended HEX file starts with a percent (%) character.
Each line consists of five parts:

</doc>
<doc id="19523653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523653" title="Problem-Oriented Medical Information System">
Problem-Oriented Medical Information System

The Problem-Oriented Medical Information System, or PROMIS, was a hypertext system specially designed for maintaining health care records. PROMIS was developed at the University of Vermont in 1976, primarily by Jan Schultz and Dr. Larry Weed. Apparently, the developers of Carnegie Mellon University's ZOG system were so impressed with PROMIS that it reinspired them to return to their own work.
PROMIS was an interactive, touch screen system that allowed users to access a medical record within a large body of medical knowledge. At its peak, the PROMIS system had over 60,000 frames of knowledge. PROMIS was also known for its fast responsiveness, especially for its time.

</doc>
<doc id="19523660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523660" title="PROMIS">
PROMIS

PROMIS or Promis may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19523662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523662" title="The Fairmont Orchid">
The Fairmont Orchid

The Fairmont Orchid is a luxury hotel on the Kohala Coast of the island of Hawaii. It is managed by Fairmont Hotels and Resorts.
History.
The history of Keawaiki Bay is preserved in archeological sites, lava formations, and footpaths leading everywhere from burial sites to cave complexes. The first to develop this region was Francis Hyde ʻĪʻī Brown (1892–1976), who is often referred to as the last chief; Brown was a descendent of a member of Kamehameha’s army and a superb statesman and athlete during the 1920s. In 1972 Brown sold the resort to Mauna Lani Resort, and Kalahuipua'a was renamed Mauna Lani, which means “mountains reaching the heavens,” named in reverence to the five volcanic mountains that surround the Kohala region. In 1990 the resort was finished hosting 540 luxury guest rooms, a spa and pool.
Renovations.
In 1996, $13 million was spent on renovations to the hotel. This resulted in the addition of Brown's Beach House and a private outdoor function area. In 2002 the resort became a part of the Fairmont Hotels and Resorts chain alongside destinations as the Fairmont San Francisco and the Fairmont Banff Springs Hotel in Alberta, Canada. By the end of 2006 all guest rooms and public areas were refurnished.

</doc>
<doc id="19523669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523669" title="PRSA">
PRSA

Prsa or PRSA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19523673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523673" title="Phare du Portzic">
Phare du Portzic

The phare du Portzic is situated on the north-eastern extremity of the Goulet de Brest (Finistère, France) and is the nearest lighthouse to the town of Brest. It was inscribed as a monument historique before 1987. On the seaward side of the bottleneck entrance to the goulet, the lighthouse faces the Pointe des Espagnols. 
It was built on military land in 1848, at the same time as the phare du Petit Minou (started slightly earlier to the north of the Goulet. It was electrified in 1953 and automated in 1984 (though a semaphore post set up at its base in 1987 to regulate traffic in and out of the goulet is still permanently manned).

</doc>
<doc id="19523681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523681" title="Emilie Ullerup">
Emilie Ullerup

Emilie Ullerup (born 27 October 1984) is a Danish actress. She is best known for playing Ashley Magnus on the television series "Sanctuary".
Early life and education.
Ullerup was born in Copenhagen, Denmark as a child of a diplomatic family. As a diplomat's daughter she had to move very often and grew up all over the world. Her love to perform developed early. In every new school she played every school play or musical. After graduation from high school in Copenhagen in 2003, she moved to Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada and attended the Vancouver Film School, graduating in 2005.
Career.
Ullerup's first role was that of Julia Brynn on the remake television series of "Battlestar Galactica" in 2006, which aired on the Sci Fi Channel. She played Ashley Magnus in the first and second seasons of the television show "Sanctuary" until her character was written out. Her departure remained a topic of heated debate among fans, with many of them wanting her brought back in future episodes, until the show was cancelled in 2012.
Personal.
Ullerup speaks Danish, English, Swedish, and Vietnamese. Her father holds the title of Lord Chamberlain for the Danish Royal Family. In 2008, she was found to have a benign but aggressive tumor wrapped around her spinal nerves. She underwent surgery to remove the tumor in 2009, at which time her coccyx and half of the sacrum of her pelvis was removed. After about five months, she recovered enough to return to work. She currently lives in Vancouver with her boyfriend, actor Kyle Cassie.

</doc>
<doc id="19523684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523684" title="Eustratius of Nicaea">
Eustratius of Nicaea

Eustratius of Nicaea (; c. 1050/1060-c. 1120) was Metropolitan bishop of Nicaea in the early 12th century. He wrote commentaries to Aristotle's second book of "Analytica" and the "Ethica Nicomachea."
Eustratius was a pupil of John Italus, although he had deliberately dissociated himself from John's supposed heretical views when John was condemned around 1082. A few years after the trial of Italus, he wrote a dialogue and treatise on the use of icons directed against Leon, the bishop of Chalcedon, who had accused the emperor Alexius Comnenus of sacrilege and iconoclasm in the way in which he had stripped the churches of gold to fund his wars. For this he gained the emperor Alexios I's friendship, and this probably helped him to become Metropolitan bishop of Nicaea. Eustratius was said by Anna Comnena to have been wise both in mundane and in religious matters and especially expert in argument. Nevertheless he found himself accused of heresy in 1117 and a charge was placed before the Synod of Constantinople which narrowly succeeded despite a defence by Patriarch John IX of Constantinople. As a result of the condemnation Eustratius was formally suspended for life.
Two commentaries by Eustratius on the works of Aristotle survive:

</doc>
<doc id="19523691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523691" title="Warwickshire Primary Care Trust">
Warwickshire Primary Care Trust

Warwickshire Primary Care Trust was an NHS organisation in the United Kingdom which incorporates the former North Warwickshire, Rugby and South Warwickshire PCTs. It was established on 1 October 2006 and provides healthcare services from Polesworth in the north of the county through Royal Leamington Spa to Shipston in the south and Alcester in the west. It was abolished in April 2013.
Board.
Warwickshire PCT was headed up by Bryan Stoten as its Chairman and Gillian Entwhistle as its Interim Chief Executive following the departure of David Rose to become Managing Director of a leading private healthcare company.

</doc>
<doc id="19523708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523708" title="Belarus in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009">
Belarus in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009

Belarus and Belarusian Television and Radio Company (BTRC) announced their participation in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 on 29 September 2008 by releasing the rules of their national selection - "Eurofest 2009". The song did not progress from the first semi-final of the competition.
Eurofest 2009.
The country's quest to select their sixth entry at the Eurovision Song Contest began in a selection process, the first stage involving a professional jury which selected 15 songs to be performed at the semi-final of Eurofest 2009, which was then narrowed down to 5 by the jury for the final, which was decided by televoting.
Submission of songs to BTRC was held from 5 October to 20 November 2008. BTRC received a total of 126 entries for Eurofest 2009. Live auditions were held by BTRC to select the 15 artists that would compete in the semi-final on 15 December 2008. The names of the successful artists were released on 5 December.
Semi-final.
The semi-final of Eurofest 2009 was held on 15 December 2008. A professional jury selected five artists to qualify for the final in January. The finalists had an opportunity to change their selected songs before performing in the final again.
Final.
The five qualifiers from the semi-final competed again in a national final on 19 January, a show held at the Sports Palace in Minsk, and presented by singers Anastasija Tihanovich and Dmitry Koldun, with Koldun being the 2007 Belorussian entry, coming sixth. The interval act consisted of the 2008 Belorussian and Ukrainian entries, Ruslan Alehno and Ani Lorak. The host, Koldun, also performed. The winner was decided by televoting, and the running order for the songs was not held until the night of the contest.
The contest was won by Petr Elfimov, with his rock song "Eyes That Never Lie". He received a landslide number of votes, receiving 11475 votes in total, over 4000 more than runner-up Gunesh. The group "Veter v Golove" were the only act to have changed their song from the semi-final stage.
After being selected as the Belarusian entry, Elfimov promoted his entry in a number of countries before Eurovision, making guest appearances at both the Greek and Ukrainian national finals on 18 February and 8 March respectively.
At Eurovision.
A new version of "Eyes That Never Lie" was made after winning the Belarusian national final, which was produced by Tero Kinnunen at the Finnvox Studios in Helsinki, both known for their associations with symphonic metal band Nightwish.
Belarus competed in the first semi final where they failed to qualify, finishing 13th of 18 participants, scoring 25 points.

</doc>
<doc id="19523711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523711" title="Park Avenue Viaduct">
Park Avenue Viaduct

The Park Avenue Viaduct is a roadway in the Manhattan borough of New York City that carries Park Avenue from East 40th to 46th Streets around Grand Central Terminal and the MetLife Building then through the Helmsley Building; all three buildings lie across the line of the avenue. 
The viaduct was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983, technically as a "boundary increase" to the Grand Central Terminal's prior listing, but carrying a separate reference number.
Description.
The viaduct provides a pedestrian-, bicycle-, and bus-free express route for taxicabs and other automobile traffic from 40th Street to 46th Street. From the south, traffic from Park Avenue or the Park Avenue Tunnel enters a ramp which rises to a "T" above 42nd Street, over the street-level entrance to Grand Central Terminal below; side lanes of Park Avenue descend from 40th to end at 42nd Street. The elevated roadway then passes in front of Grand Central Terminal and around it to the east, passing the MetLife Building and descending again to ground level through the east portal in the Helmsley Building, arriving at 46th Street. Traffic coming from the north reverses this pattern: up a ramp through the Helmsley Building's west portal, past the MetLife Building, around the left to the front of Grand Central, and then to the right and down again to 40th Street, meeting side lanes coming from 42nd Street, where the viaduct connects to the Park Avenue Tunnel or to Park Avenue proper.
History.
The viaduct was first proposed in 1916, and construction began in 1918 Work progressed rapidly despite the wartime difficulty in securing labor and material and the viaduct opened on April 16, 1919. The original viaduct took two way traffic from Park Avenue at 40th Street and carried it around the west side of Grand Central Terminal, depositing it at the corner of Forty-Fifth Street and Vanderbilt Avenue. A spur ran east along the rear of the terminal, providing parking space and an entrance to the Commodore Hotel.
Shortly after completion, it was evident that additional measures were needed to prevent a traffic tie up at the north end of the newly completed pass. New York Central engineers suggested a plan which proposed that Park Avenue be closed to all vehicular traffic at the 45th Street grade and traffic be carried around both sides of the terminal and deposited at Park Avenue and 46th Street. The plan was approved by the Board of Estimate in January 1928, and construction complete by September of that year.
In popular culture.
The viaduct appears in numerous movies and television show episodes:
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="19523724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523724" title="James A. Garfield School">
James A. Garfield School

The James A. Garfield School is a school building located at 840 Waterman Street in Detroit, Michigan. It is also known as the Frank H. Beard School. The school was listed on the National Register of Historic Places and designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1984.
History.
The James A. Garfield School is one of the oldest existing schools in the city of Detroit, as well as one of the least altered. The original building, named for president James A. Garfield, was designed in 1896 by Malcomson and Higginbotham for the Springwells Township school district, replacing the previous four-room schoolhouse that had become drastically overcrowded.
In 1907, the Springwells School District merged with the schools of Detroit. After the merger, the name of the building was changed to honor Frank H. Beard, the director of the Springwells school board for 17 years.
Description.
The brick school is built in the Victorian Romanesque style. The symmetrical front façade is organized into five bays, with the central and end bays projecting outward and the other two receding. The entrances are topped with semi-circular arches, and the structure boasts a variety of window shapes and sizes. The elaborate brickwork, multi-planed roofline, and the red brick tower conveyed the importance the community attached to public education. An addition to the original school was built in 1900.
Current use.
Today the school houses the Beard Early Childhood Center.

</doc>
<doc id="19523725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523725" title="Joseph Atang Thompson">
Joseph Atang Thompson

Joseph Steven Atang Thompson (born February 14, 1989) is a Nigerian football player currently with Enyimba International F.C..
Career.
Thompson began his career with Cotonsport Garoua as a member of the Rudder Sports Management and moved in 2008 to Enyimba International F.C., after only one year he signed with Kano Pillars F.C.. On 6 January 2011 was linked with Sporting Kansas City. He returned to Enyimba following the end of the 2012 season.
International.
He has played with the Nigeria national under-20 football team.

</doc>
<doc id="19523754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523754" title="Wilbraham Tollemache, 6th Earl of Dysart">
Wilbraham Tollemache, 6th Earl of Dysart

Wilbraham Tollemache, 6th Earl of Dysart FRS (21 October 1739 – 9 March 1821), known from 1739 to 1799 as Hon. Wilbraham Tollemache, was a British politician, a younger son of Lionel Tollemache, 4th Earl of Dysart.
Tollemache originally served in the Royal Navy, and then in the British Army, retiring in 1775 as a major in the 6th Regiment of Foot. He first entered the House of Commons as Member of Parliament for Northampton in 1771. On 4 February 1773, he married Anna Maria Lewis, but had no children. He continued to sit for Northampton until 1780, and then represented Liskeard until 1784. He was High Sheriff of Cheshire in 1785, and later High Steward of Ipswich, like his elder brother.
He inherited the earldom and the accompanying estates from his childless elder brother, Lionel, in 1799. Wilbraham carried out a program of improvements at Ham House, including the creation of the Yellow Satin Bedroom, and was also a patron of Reynolds and Gainsborough.
Dysart died without children. The Tollemache baronetcy became extinct upon his death, while the Earldom of Dysart passed to his sister Louisa.

</doc>
<doc id="19523770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523770" title="Play bus">
Play bus

A play bus (or playbus or learning bus) is a bus used for providing a mobile facility for a variety of activities surrounding entertainment and education, usually for children of pre-school or school age.
Play buses are usually specially converted for their purpose, usually from second hand vehicles, although occasionally are purpose built by a bus manufacturer. Play buses can be any size, from minibuses to double-deckers and may be operated by charities, education authorities or as private businesses.
Depending on usage and fittings, play buses may provide mobile playgrounds, gymnasiums, library services, or education centres as a mobile classroom.
In the United Kingdom, the National Playbus Association is a charity that provides support and advice to organisations wishing to operate play buses. Formed in 1969, it is now supported by various government departments.

</doc>
<doc id="19523773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523773" title="1972 Swedish Pro Tennis Championships – Singles">
1972 Swedish Pro Tennis Championships – Singles

John Newcombe won in the final 6–0, 6–3, 6–1, against Roy Emerson.
Seeds.
"Seeds unavailable."

</doc>
<doc id="19523784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523784" title="Casa Diablo">
Casa Diablo

Casa Diablo can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19523785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523785" title="André Ndame Ndame">
André Ndame Ndame

André Ndamé Ndamé (born November 30, 1987 in Douala) is a professional Cameroonian footballer currently playing for Moroccan club FUS de Rabat.
Career.
Ndamé began his professional career 2007 for Union Douala and joined 2008 to Cotonsport Garoua. After two seasons for Coton Sport FC de Garoua returned in September 2009 to his youth club Union Douala.

</doc>
<doc id="19523831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523831" title="Abtan v. Blackwater">
Abtan v. Blackwater

Atban v. Blackwater was a lawsuit brought against Blackwater Worldwide, a private military contractor. It was regarding the September 16, 2007, Blackwater Baghdad shootings.
Background.
According to numerous reports, the shooting started after a small car had failed to comply with an Iraqi police officer's call to stop; the Blackwater guards then fired on the car, suspecting that it might be a suicide bomber. However, a different report filed by Blackwater, who were at the time guarding a US State Department convoy, had been fired on first and responded with measured, small arms fire directed at those who had attacked them.
Case.
The suit was filed on behalf of a number of Iraqi citizens by the Center for Constitutional Rights and a number of other lawyers alleging that Blackwater had violated US and international law, as well as participating in war crimes and disobeying the Alien Tort Statute. The case was filed on October 11, 2007 in the U.S. District Court of Columbia. On November 27, 2007 an amended complaint was filed, adding the families of two other victims. 
March 28, 2008 a second amended complaint was filed to join the family of an additional Iraqi who had been killed as well as nine additional injured Iraqi survivors. On April 8, 2008, the defendants filed a motion to dismiss for lack of venue, to which the plaintiffs filed an opposition on April 22, 2008. Judge Walton ordered that this case be consolidated with Estate of Albazzaz, et al. v. Blackwater Lodge and Training Center, Inc. et al. for purposes of pre-trial discovery and briefing. On April 28, 2008 plaintiffs filed a motion to file a third amended complaint in order to include a spoliation claims. In early May, the defendants filed their opposition to the third motion to amend the complaint, to which the plaintiffs would file a reply. It was reported that the charges "were thrown out on the grounds that the prosecution had built its case wrongly using statements the accused provided under immunity to State Department investigators." The settlement of the case concluded on January 6, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19523846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523846" title="A Century of Love">
A Century of Love

"A Century of Love" was the Moldovan entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 2008, composed by Oleg Baraliuc and Viorica Demici and sung in English by Geta Burlacu.
On the night of the semi-final of the contest the song was performed 4th, following Estonia's Kreisiraadio with "Leto svet" and preceding San Marino's Miodio with "Complice". The song received 36 points, placing 12th of 19 songs competing and failing to make the final, the first time Moldova was absent from the final in its Eurovision history.

</doc>
<doc id="19523847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523847" title="GNR Class C2">
GNR Class C2

The Great Northern Railway class C2 locomotives were a class of 4-4-2 tank locomotives built by the Great Northern Railway (GNR) between 1898 and 1907. They were used on local and commuter passenger trains in Yorkshire and North London. They were withdrawn between 1937 and 1958.
Numbering.
The GNR numbered them 1009A, 1010, 1013–1020 and 1501–1550. All passed to the London and North Eastern Railway in 1923, who renumbered them by adding 3000 to their GNR number.
In the post World War II renumbering scheme, the remaining 50 locomotives were renumbered 7350–7399. 
In 1948, the remaining 49 locomotives passed to British Railways, who renumbered them by prefixing a 6 to their LNER number (i.e. 67350–67399).

</doc>
<doc id="19523848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523848" title="Fort du Petit Minou">
Fort du Petit Minou

Built between 1694 and 1697, the Fort du Petit Minou was a fort built in the commune of Plouzané in France to defend the goulet de Brest. It consists of 6m high masonry bastions, surrounded by a 3m deep and 9.5m wide moat.
Vauban completed the defences along the goulet and at this fort installed 240 cannons and a command post for directing fire and coordinating the defences' magazines. It was reinforced in the 18th and 19th centuries, with the phare du Petit Minou being added nearby in 1848. The fort was occupied in 1940 as a German blockhouse and after the point's liberation at the start of September 1944 the remains of a former hôtel were demolished. After losing its military purpose, the fort was acquire by the commune and opened to the public in October 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19523860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523860" title="Pak Ui-chun">
Pak Ui-chun

Pak Ui-Chun (born 1932) is a North Korean diplomat and politician. He is the current Minister for Foreign Affairs of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.
Pak began his diplomatic career in 1972, and went on to serve as ambassador of North Korea to Algeria, Syria and Lebanon. From 1989 to 2007, he served as ambassador to Russia, before being appointed Foreign Affairs Minister upon the death in office of his predecessor Paek Nam-sun.

</doc>
<doc id="19523863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523863" title="Edward A. Johnson">
Edward A. Johnson

Edward Austin Johnson (1860–1944) was an attorney who became the first African-American member of the New York state legislature when he was elected to the New York State Assembly in 1917.
Biography.
Johnson was born in slavery in Wake County, North Carolina. Johnson, in his early education, was taught by a free colored woman, Miss Nancy Walton. He continued his education at Washington High School. He then attended Atlanta University and worked as a school principal from 1883 until 1891, first in Atlanta and then in Raleigh, North Carolina. Meanwhile, he wrote "A School History of the Negro Race in America", which was the first textbook by a black author to be approved by the North Carolina State Board of Education for use in the public schools.
Johnson earned a law degree at Shaw University in 1891 and thereafter practiced law in the Raleigh area while also teaching at Shaw. Johnson won every case that he argued before the North Carolina Supreme Court. From 1899 to 1907, he was an assistant to the U.S. Attorney for eastern North Carolina. Johnson became active in the Republican Party and served a term on Raleigh's city board of aldermen.
In 1907, Johnson left North Carolina for New York City. He became active in Harlem and in the Republican Party there. He was a member of the New York State Assembly (New York Co., 19th D.) in 1918. In 1928, he ran for Congress in the 21st District but lost to Royal H. Weller. Despite his loss, he received the greatest number of votes from the Republican party in his district. Even with the loss of his sight in 1925, he continued to work in politics and on various projects that supported his country and race.

</doc>
<doc id="19523865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523865" title="Clément Antoine Bayema">
Clément Antoine Bayema

Clément-Antoine Bayema (born July 9, 1988 in Douala) is a professional Cameroonian footballer currently playing for University of Ngaoundéré.
Career.
He played previously for Cotonsport Garoua and Étoile du Congo.
International career.
Bayema was called to the Cameroonian national team for play the 2009 CEMAC Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19523868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523868" title="Miki &amp; Griff">
Miki &amp; Griff

Miki & Griff were a British country music duo, who had several hit singles on the UK Singles Chart in the late 1950s and early 1960s.
History.
Miki and Griff's actual names were Barbara and Emyr Griffith; Barbara (née Salisbury) was Scottish and Emyr was Welsh. They first met while singing in the George Mitchell Choir in 1947-48. After leaving the group, they sang with Johnny Dennis & the Ranchers, and wed in 1950. While doing variety shows with Max Bygraves, they began using the name Miki & Griff, and did comedy skits in addition to pop and country music.
Lonnie Donegan discovered the duo and had them record with Pye Records; in addition to singing with Donegan on his self-titled release, they also released several singles which enjoyed chart success in Britain. They toured America in 1964, including performances at the Grand Ole Opry, though they never really broke into the US market. They continued to tour into the 1970s; Barbara (born 20 June 1920) died on 20 April 1989; Emyr (born 9 May 1923) died on 24 September 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="19523893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523893" title="Out of Control (Girls Aloud album)">
Out of Control (Girls Aloud album)

Out of Control is the fifth and final studio album by British all-female pop group Girls Aloud, released in the United Kingdom on 3 November 2008 by Fascination Records. Like their previous albums, it was crafted by the production team of Brian Higgins and Xenomania. "Out of Control" builds on the sound of Girls Aloud's previous albums and represents a move into the mainstream for the group.
"Out of Control" debuted to positive reviews from contemporary music critics. The album debuted at No. 1 on the UK Albums Chart, Girls Aloud's first studio album to do so, and quickly became Girls Aloud's best-selling studio album. It was certified 2x platinum in the UK and Ireland. It yielded three singles, including chart-topping "The Promise", which was awarded Best British Single at the 2009 BRIT Awards.
Background.
Girls Aloud announced they would begin work on their fifth studio album in May 2008, while on the Tangled Up Tour. Sarah Harding told MTV News that they had "been working on it all summer."
Brian Higgins said, "By the time we did the last album, it was different. They were so big then. They were ready to sell a million albums immediately, so they didn't [...] something a bit highbrow. They needed something that would hit you right between the eyes [...] The group has moved more and more into the mainstream, because that was what was required."
Girls Aloud's website describes "Out of Control" as "their most exciting and thrilling album yet." According to Kimberley Walsh, the album's title came from Girls Aloud's record company telling the girls, "We don't know what to say, you lot are out of control. We can't tell you anything." It also comes from a lyric in "We Wanna Party". Nicola Roberts revealed that the album was nearly titled "Girls Aloud: Revolution", after the song "Revolution in the Head". The artwork for "Out of Control" was revealed on Girls Aloud's official website on 16 October 2008.
Music.
Style and lyrics.
"The Sun" described the album as "a mixture of ballads and the relentlessly upbeat, catchy hits we have come to expect." Kimberley Walsh has said that the album is "a lot older sounding, which wasn't intentional, it was just kind of how it went." The girl group were very involved in the album's direction. "The '60s thing is quite prominent," Walsh told the BBC. "But it's out of the ordinary. Not really what you'd expect." Nicola Roberts said that the album also features a lot of 1980s-inspired electro pop. Sarah Harding said that Girls Aloud "wanted to stay upbeat but try something a bit different and advanced. I don't think anything we've ever done has ever sounded the same. But we have that same vibe whatever we do because of our vocals." Nadine Coyle said the "aim from the beginning was to come up with songs that didn't sound like anything else out there." Walsh continued, "We want to impress the fans with what we do, so we've tried to up our game with this album and step outside the comfort zone."
Girls Aloud co-wrote four songs on the album: "Love Is the Key", "Miss You Bow Wow", "Revolution in the Head" and "Live in the Country". In particularly, the bridge of "Love Is the Key" was written by Kimberley Walsh.
Songs.
The album's lead single, "The Promise", is a 1960's Spector-influenced number. Despite the popularity of 1960's pastiches, it was said that Girls Aloud's "go-for-broke, very modern re-imagining of Spector's wall of sound proves to be more authentic and entertaining than most other recent attempts". "The Loving Kind" is a collaboration with Pet Shop Boys. Neil Tennant said that they co-wrote the song while working with Xenomania, and described it as "beautiful but still dancey". Popjustice said that "the lyrics have the sadness and melancholy of a massive proper ballad but the production drags the song straight to the dancefloor and lends it an undeniable sense of optimism." The song has been compared to 2007's "Call the Shots", and has been referred to as both "a letdown sequel" and "the best thing they've ever done." "Rolling Back the Rivers in Time", which originally had a working title of "50s Sweetheart", was compared to Burt Bacharach. It features guitar from The Smiths member Johnny Marr, who also plays harmonica on "Love Is the Key".
"Love Is the Key", according to Digital Spy, "begins with the strains of a cathedral choir before lurching into a sixties-style pop strut". It ends with "a bluesey harmonica solo in the outro." "Turn to Stone" was called an "icy electro banger", compared to "Róisín Murphy's moody kid sisters being remixed by 808 State". "Untouchable" is a six and a half-minute song that was called "fast, electronic and fantastic" with an immense build-up to the chorus. The song was said to recall New Order and "fuses blissful Balearic guitar lines with a pulsating techno throb". The song was the different version to the Radio edit. Track seven, "Fix Me Up", was compared to "the theme tune to a comedy sex film from 1975. In a good way." It contains a sample of Reuben Bell's "Superjock", written by Bell, Jerry Strickland, and Wardell Quezergue. "The Sun" described "Love is Pain" as "a heartfelt song" which ends with "an emotive solo" by Cheryl Cole, whose husband Ashley Cole received tabloid attention for allegedly cheating on her in early 2008. It has been described by Popjustice as "an early-90s electronic sort of affair."
"Live in the Country" was called a drum and bass track "about moving to the countryside – complete with farm animal sound effects", and "basically the sequel to 'Swinging London Town'" (from Girls Aloud's 2005 album "Chemistry"). It was described as a "drum and bass anti-anarchy anthem". "Miss You Bow Wow", it was stated, "could well be the most exhilarating song of the year, being almost ridiculously danceable, having a gloriously soaring chorus and some surreal lyrics". "Revolution in the Head", a reggae-influenced song, features pseudo-rapping from Nadine Coyle. The album's bonus track, "We Wanna Party", is a cover of a Lene track. Lene previously co-wrote Girls Aloud's "No Good Advice" and "You Freak Me Out", and also has her own version of "Here We Go". Girls Aloud originally recorded the song for "What Will the Neighbours Say?", but it was decided it didn't fit.
Release.
"Out of Control" was initially announced to be released on 10 November 2008, but the release date was moved forward a week to 3 November. The Irish release date came the Friday before on 31 October 2008. In addition to the album, an extra limited edition live album was released. Entitled "Girls A Live", the bonus disc was available to purchase only from Woolworths. It features a number of live performances from Girls Aloud's tours. Additionally, a double-disc collector's edition of the album was released 8 December. The box set comes in a DVD-sized case and contains a bonus disc containing unreleased demos and interviews, as well as a 24-page booklet containing photos and lyrics to all of the songs.
Reception.
Critical response.
Critical response to "Out of Control" was positive. Aggregating website Metacritic reports a normalised rating of 63% based on nine critic reviews, indicating "generally favorable" reception. It was described as "their most melancholy album to date". "The Times" wrote that Girls Aloud "show no sign of flagging in their quest to push the boundaries of the pop song" and noticed that they "continue to be as inventive as ever." BBC Music described "Out of Control" as "a shimmering album of heartbreaking electro pop" and exclaimed that it is "pop music at its finest." Digital Spy found it "smart, adventurous, emotionally resonant and often very, very catchy" and called it "an absolute delight" and Girls Aloud's "fourth terrific album in a row". MusicOMH noticed that it is "chock-full of those trademark, otherworldy electro-synth songs" and concluded by calling it "yet another excellent album from a group who may have risen from a lot of people's 'guilty pleasure' to becoming full-on national treasures". "Slant Magazine" hailed it as "one of the best pop albums of 2008" and said that Girls Aloud "are in a position where they can let the music do all the talking for them". NME praised the songs "Love Is The Key", "Rolling Back the Rivers in Time" and "Untouchable" and stated that although it is "not their best" effort, it is "more consistent than any British indie album released this year".
Yahoo! Music said that it "barely steers too far from their recipe for success", but more or less praised the album, awarding it seven out of ten. "The Observer" gave it three out of five stars, but felt that Girls Aloud raised the bar so spectacularly that this album "suggests that Xenomania's once-bottomless well of great ideas is running dry". "The Guardian" stated that "despite ear-catching touches [...], nothing hits the spot like the Phil Spector-like single The Promise". "The Independent" described Girls Aloud's output as "the musical equivalent of the lingering aftertaste of synthetic sweeteners", calling the album "meekly conformist pop."
The album appeared on Critic's Choice lists by "Billboard" contributors Keith Caulfield, Hazel Davis, and Mikael Wood.
In 2008, the album came top in Popjustice's Readers Poll 2008, beating Britney Spears' Circus. The lead single, "The Promise", came fourth, behind Spears' "Womanizer", which they later covered on their Out of Control Tour, MGMT's "Kids" and Sam Sparro's "Black and Gold". "The Promise" also won Best Number One Single and the group won Best Pop Act of 2008.
Chart performance.
"Out of Control" debuted in the Irish Albums Chart at No. 7, the highest debut of the week and their second highest charting in Ireland. It debuted in the UK Albums Chart at No. 1. This is their first studio album to achieve the coveted No. 1 position. The album "Girls A Live" also entered the UK Albums Chart at No. 29. "Out of Control" spent five weeks in the UK top five overall, and three additional weeks in the top ten. In the top ten albums chart of 2008, "Out of Control" came eighth, selling nearly 600,000 copies within just two months. On 4 January 2009, "The Sound of Girls Aloud: The Greatest Hits" re-entered the charts at No. 6 while "Out of Control" was No. 10, thus giving Girls Aloud two top ten albums at the same time.
"Out of Control" has sold over 800,000 copies.
Track listing.
All tracks were produced by Xenomania. Credits adapted from the liner notes of "Out of Control".

</doc>
<doc id="19523898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523898" title="Brice Owona">
Brice Owona

Brice Owona (born March 4, 1989 in Yaoundé) is a professional Cameroonian footballer currently playing for GC Biaschesi in the Swiss 1. Liga Classic.
Career.
Owona began his career in January 2002 for AS Fortuna Yaoundé and was in summer 2005 scouted by Cotonsport Garoua. On 12 February 2010 FC St. Gallen has committed the midfielder of Cotonsport Garoua, the offensive player signed a contract until 2012 with FC St. Gallen. On the same day he made his debut for the Ostschweizer club in a friendly game against the Austrian club FC Dornbirn 1913.
Arrest.
In November 2011 Owona was arrested for rape and held in prison for ten days. Since his release he has not played for St Gallen, with the club seeking to terminate his contract, which expires in summer 2012.
International career.
He is former member of the Cameroon national under-20 football team and played with the team the 2009 FIFA U-20 World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19523929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523929" title="International STAND UP to Bullying Day">
International STAND UP to Bullying Day

International STAND UP to Bullying Day is a special semi-annual event in which participants sign and wear a pink “pledge shirt” to take a visible, public stance against bullying. The event takes place in schools, workplaces, and organizations in 25 countries across the globe on the third Friday of November to coincide with Anti-bullying week, and then again on the last Friday of February.
History.
The first "International STAND UP to Bullying Day" took place in February 2008. 236 schools, workplaces and organizations representing more than 125,000 students and staff registered to take a STAND against Bullying by signing and wearing a special pink pledge shirt.
Host.
Each participating school, workplace or organization hosts their own STAND with aid being provided by event coordinators Bully Help Initiatives, a Canadian based organization committed to developing effective support structures for victims of bullying through a variety of initiatives including BullyHelp.org.
Pink Shirts.
Participation in the STAND constitutes the signing and wearing of a special pink "pledge shirt". Signing and wearing this shirt identifies a peer based support structure to victims and their bullies in a non-confrontational way. The color of the shirts is based on a campaign started by Travis Price and David Shepherd, two students who took a stand for a fellow student who was bullied for wearing a pink shirt to school.

</doc>
<doc id="19523939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523939" title="Fort de Toulbroc'h">
Fort de Toulbroc'h

The military remains known as Fort de Toulbroc'h form part of the defences along the goulet de Brest in France, in the commune of Locmaria-Plouzané. They are accessible via coastal path GR34 to the pointe du Grand Minou.
The first buildings and batteries on the site date to 1884. They were occupied by the Germans and on 2 September 1944 60 men of the 5th Ranger Battalion took them in 6 minutes, capturing a German garrison of 5 officers and 237 men.

</doc>
<doc id="19523964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523964" title="Insignias of Tokyo">
Insignias of Tokyo

Tokyo Metropolis has two official emblems. One is called the "crest" or monshō, another is called the "symbol". It also has two official flags featuring either emblem.
Metropolitan Crest.
The was adopted on November 2, 1943, under the . It is same as the Crest of the former Tokyo City, decided by the city council on December 1889. It is believed to be designed by , an alderman of the city.
The crest shows the Sun with six rays, representing Tokyo as the center of Japan. As most other prefectural crests in Japan, its color is not designated. The crest looks like a kanji 京 ("kyō") of 東京 ("Tokyo"), but the metropolitan announcement does not explain as such.
Metropolitan Flag.
The was adopted on October 1, 1964, under the . It features a white Metropolitan Crest on center. The background color is , a traditional color which was popular in Edo.
Metropolitan Symbol.
The was adopted on June 1, 1989, under the .
The design was selected by the from 20 candidates. The winning design was created by , a professional graphic designer.
The vivid green symbol consists of three arcs combined to resemble a leaf of the ginkgo, the metropolitan tree, and represents "T" for Tokyo.
Metropolitan Symbol Flag.
The was adopted on September 30, 1989, under the . It features a vivid green Metropolitan Symbol on center. The background color is white.
Usages.
Both emblems and their corresponding flags are the official insignias of Tokyo. The Metropolitan Crest and the Metropolitan Flag are older and are used on more formal occasions.[http://www.metro.tokyo.jp/ENGLISH/PHOTO/2007/071002.htm They are also used on traditional or historical objects, as well as the things of the longer duration of use.
On the other hand, the Metropolitan Symbol and the Metropolitan Symbol Flag are more commonly used, including its official website, the metropolitan-operated buses and trains.

</doc>
<doc id="19523974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523974" title="Kankalsi">
Kankalsi

Kankalsi may refer to several places in Burkina Faso:

</doc>
<doc id="19523985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523985" title="Colourlovers">
Colourlovers

Colourlovers (styled COLOURlovers) is a social network service, blog, and international creative community that focuses on color inspiration and color trends for both personal and professional creative projects.
Overview.
The colors, palettes, patterns and shapes on Colourlovers are created by a community of members using tools on the website. As of December 2011, over one million of its members have created more than 4.6 million colors, 1.9 million palettes, two million patterns and 122,000 pattern templates. There are about one million visitors each month.
Colourlovers was founded in December 2004 by Darius A. Monsef IV, and is based in Portland, Oregon.
In April 2011, Colourlovers raised $1 million in angel funding. A book was published in 2011 containing about three thousand choice patterns from the website.
Color of the year.
Each year since 2010, in the members of Colourlovers have voted in February of each year for their favorite colour created by themselves during the previous year, which is designated as the "Colour Lovers Colour of the Year". For example, in January 2010, all the colours created in the previous year between February 2009 and January 2010 were voted on to determine which one was the favorite colour of 2010.
The results of each year's vote are shown below. So far, there seems to be a predeliction by the members in favor of reddish colors. 

</doc>
<doc id="19523996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523996" title="Fankélé Traoré">
Fankélé Traoré

Fankélé Traoré (born September 9, 1981 in Bamako, Mali) is a professional Niger footballer currently playing for Stade Malien de Sikasso.

</doc>
<doc id="19523997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19523997" title="GNR Class C1">
GNR Class C1

GNR Class C1 may refer to either of the following classes of railway locomotive designed for the Great Northern Railway by Henry Ivatt:

</doc>
<doc id="19524001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524001" title="Sju svarta be-hå">
Sju svarta be-hå

Sju svarta be-hå is a 1954 Swedish crime film directed by Gösta Bernhard and starring Dirch Passer.

</doc>
<doc id="19524017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524017" title="Osowa Góra (Bydgoszcz district)">
Osowa Góra (Bydgoszcz district)

Osowa Góra, a district in Bydgoszcz, the capital of Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, Poland. It has about 13,000 residents.
Education.
Junior High Schools
Primary Schools

</doc>
<doc id="19524023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524023" title="Karimama">
Karimama

Karimama may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19524045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524045" title="Kouri">
Kouri

Kouri may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19524065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524065" title="North Heidelberg Football Club">
North Heidelberg Football Club

North Heidelberg Football Club is an Australian rules football club in Heidelberg West, Victoria, currently competing in Division 2 of the Northern Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="19524072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524072" title="1995 Movistar Open – Singles">
1995 Movistar Open – Singles

Alberto Berasategui was the defending champion, but did not participate this year.
Slava Doseděl won the title, defeating Marcelo Ríos 7–6(7–3), 6–3 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19524078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524078" title="Girls Without Tomorrow">
Girls Without Tomorrow

Girls Without Tomorrow aka. "Call Girl '88" (應召女郎1988) is a 1988 Hong Kong film directed by David Lam Tak Luk and Wong Chi.
It was followed by a sequel in 1992: "Girls Without Tomorrow 1992".

</doc>
<doc id="19524087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524087" title="Nigerian National Integrated Power Project">
Nigerian National Integrated Power Project

The Nigerian National Integrated Power Project (NIPP) was conceived in 2004 when Olusegun Obasanjo was the President of the Federal Government of Nigeria. It was formed to address the issues of insufficient electric power generation and excessive gas flaring from oil exploration in the Niger Delta region. Seven power plants were designed in gas-producing states as part of the project.
Planned power plants included:
Together, the projects generated contracts worth $414,000,000 for the supply of turbines and electricity generation equipment to General Electric (GE). The primary turbine is GE 9E gas turbine with a nominal ISO rating of 126MW. After adjusting for site conditions, the capacity was set to 112.5 MW.
The plants are low efficiency simple cycle but have provision for future extension to combined cycle.
Administration changes in 2007 interrupted funding for more than two years.
The NIPP project includes 11 power plants and 4 FGN Power Stations:
The Ikot Abasi NIPP power plant has been replaced by Ibom Power, which is a 190 MW project of the Akwa Ibom State government.
The revised project involves large scale transmission projects across all of Nigeria which are crucial to ensure power distribution from generation plants to final customers.

</doc>
<doc id="19524089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524089" title="Haman Daouda">
Haman Daouda

Adama Haman Daouda (born August 13, 1989 in Garoua) is a professional Cameroonian footballer currently playing for Union Sportif Nyamirambo.

</doc>
<doc id="19524094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524094" title="Fort du Mengant">
Fort du Mengant

The fort du Mengant or fort du Léon in the commune of Plouzané is part of the defences of the roadstead of Brest. It is made up of a high battery (58m above sea-level), with a now-destroyed artillery tower, and a lower semi-circular battery at the foot of the cliff, with two small powder magzaines. 
Built by Vauban in 1684, it faces the batterie de cornouaille on the Roscanvel peninsula, built to the same model as the lower part of the fort du Mengant. The aim was to permit these two batteries, only just over 2 km apart, to bar entry to the roadstead. The original plans foresaw the completion of the defences by adding a battery in the middle of the goulet, on the Roche Mengant, but this proved impossible due to the tides and currents in the goulet.
Around 1875, the naval ministry built a dam up against the lower battery to create a small harbour in which to base motor torpedo boats, in order to adapt the fort to this evolution in warfare. The lower battery houses the annexe to the Centre Nautique des Equipages de la Marine, whilst the upper battery is now used for radar testing. An imposing ramp was built in the 1960s to link the port to the upper battery so that the largest pieces of radar equipment to be tested could be carried up to it from the port.

</doc>
<doc id="19524098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524098" title="Falgu Teerath">
Falgu Teerath

Phalgu Tirath is an Indian pilgrimage site, where pilgrimages are undertaken by the Hindus during the Shraddha period. It is located in Pharal village in the Pundri sub-tehsil of Kaithal district in Haryana state. Pharal village is located between Pundri and Dhand in Kaithal district and is very near to Kurukshetra town[.
During the Shraddha, "Phalgu Mela" (Phalgu fair) takes plece here and the Hindus make offerings in the form of "pindadana" (offerings of balls of food) in the remembrances of their ancestors. It is believed that the offerings ("pindadana") done in favour of forefathers at the place relieves their soul from the cycle of rebirth. In a way it is like taking care of the atma of the deceased parents for a good place in heaven. The "pinda"s, after chanting prayers, are offered to the sacred pond at the heart of Pharal Village.
The road between Daund and Pharal is 3 m wide and during the pilgrimage, because of heavy rush of pilgrims it becomes very difficult to reach the sacred pond.
Pharal Village
The name of the village has come from Phalgu Pond, which is named after Phalgu Rishi who is believed to be the son in law of Gaya ji . There is a small temple dedicated to the Phalgu rishi which is located on the shore of the pond.
Most of the descendents of the natives of this place have now moved out of the village, but still they come here timely to offer their prayers to their ancestors. The original village is located at some height from the pond, which can be seen when going in village as streets are steep.
As you go through the streets you can see the remains of Havelies (Homes) of the people who used to live here. It is believed to be a very sacred place.
Phaphrana Village
There is another Phalgu mandir at village Phaphrana, Tehsil Assandh, District karnal which is a very old and secred place also. Fair happens in devotion of Phalgu Rishi on Amavas of Monday which is very uncertain. It is not happens on a fixed particular day. In phaphrana village, this mandir is famous as Phalgu Dada mandir. In usual Sunday is celebrated as Phalgu dada's day. This day every family of village celebrates by making Khir at their home or at mandir premises.

</doc>
<doc id="19524109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524109" title="The Cathedral School of St. John the Divine (New York City)">
The Cathedral School of St. John the Divine (New York City)

The Cathedral School of St. John the Divine is a co-educational Episcopal, independent school K-8 day school for girls and boys of all faiths located in New York City’s Morningside Heights on the Upper West Side. Founded in 1901, it is located on the premises of the Cathedral of St. John the Divine, and has an enrollment of about 265 students. Of those pupils, 137 are girls and 129 are boys, and 95% are day students.
Scholastics and sports.
It offers language studies in two Chinese tongues, Latin, French, and Spanish, and the sports of baseball, basketball, soccer, softball, and track and field.
About one third of their students earn financial aid to offset the $10,000-plus annual tuition, and they work to achieve diversity in their enrollment.
While the school welcomes children of all faiths, there is a distinct Anglican religious feel to the school: students attending prayer services, saying The Lord's Prayer or grace before meals, and celebrating Christmas, with the best singers joining the Cathedral's choir, which sings evensong, and, in the days after 9/11, for memorial services.
Campus.
There is a flock of peacocks on the grounds of the school yard and the adjoining cathedral close, which were first donated by the Bronx Zoo in the 1980s.
In 2009, the school completed improvements to their kitchen and other facilities.
The school hosts an annual Spring Fair, most recently in May 2013.
Governance.
The school is governed by a board of trustees, the current chair of which is The Very Rev. Dr. James A. Kowalski, dean of the Cathedral of St. John the Divine.
The school is a full member of, and is accredited by, the National Association of Independent Schools. It is also a member of the Association of Independent Schools Admissions Professionals.

</doc>
<doc id="19524115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524115" title="Margou">
Margou

Margou may refer to several places in Burkina Faso:

</doc>
<doc id="19524122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524122" title="Super Chinese 3">
Super Chinese 3

Super Chinese 3 is an action RPG video game released in 1991 for the Nintendo Entertainment System. It is the last of the NES "Super Chinese" games and was not released outside of Japan.
Gameplay.
Similar to "Little Ninja Brothers" before it, "Super Chinese 3" incorporates role-playing video game elements into the gameplay.

</doc>
<doc id="19524123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524123" title="Fraser Valley Trade and Exhibition Centre">
Fraser Valley Trade and Exhibition Centre

The Fraser Valley Trade and Exhibition Centre or TRADEX is the second largest facility of its kind in Abbotsford, British Columbia. It is operated by the Tourism Abbotsford Society and hosts around 90 events every year. These events are run by independent companies or people (aka. Show Managers) who are subject to TRADEX policies and procedures. The events vary in type and include consumer shows, trade shows, banquets, agricultural shows, special events, meetings, sporting events, outdoor events, weddings, product launches, film shoots, and ride and drives.
The building has an H-shaped layout of two halls which can be used independently or for a single large exhibition. It has nine hangar-style doors of varying sizes, the biggest of which allows the passage of objects as large as wide and high.
The centre hosts the bulk of its events between September to May, during which time events are run almost every weekend. During the rest of the year, the centre plays host to fewer events, and most of these are outdoor events.
History.
The centre was constructed as a joint project between the BC Pavilion Corporation (BC PavCo) the Provincial Government, the Municipal Government and Airshow Canada, and was completed in 1991. It was managed by BC PavCo until 2003 when the centre was purchased by the City of Abbotsford and Tourism Abbotsford contracted to take over the operation of the centre.
Additional information.
On top of 120,000 total square feet of exhibition space, TRADEX has:
<LI /> 3 additional meeting rooms, of varying sizes.
<LI /> A show office with a private meeting room/lounge.
<LI /> One loading bay with 2 loading bay doors.
<LI /> Fully licensed catering facilities from fast food concessions to banquet for 2,500 people per hall. 
<LI /> A 2 level food concession area totalling , and has seating for 500 people. 
<LI /> of paved, gravel and grass parking lot area, totalling 2,500 parking stalls with over 1,000 being paved.

</doc>
<doc id="19524130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524130" title="Ousmaïla Baba">
Ousmaïla Baba

Baba Ousmaïla (born September 26, 1986 in Garoua) is a professional Cameroonian footballer currently playing for Cotonsport Garoua.
Career.
Ousmaïla played previously for ESG Gafsa on loan from Club Sportif Sfaxien.

</doc>
<doc id="19524152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524152" title="Tangaye">
Tangaye

Tangaye may refer to several places in Burkina Faso:

</doc>
<doc id="19524157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524157" title="I kongens klæ'r">
I kongens klæ'r

"I kongens klæ'r" is a 1954 Danish comedy film directed by Poul Bang and starring Dirch Passer.

</doc>
<doc id="19524160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524160" title="Louise Cordet">
Louise Cordet

Louise Cordet (born Louise Boisot, 8 February 1945, England) was an English pop singer who also sang in French, best known as a one-hit wonder for her 1962 single, "I'm Just a Baby".
Early life.
Louise Cordet is the daughter of Captain Marcel Boisot of the Free French Air Force and the French-born Greek actress Helene Cordet.
In 1940, as a trainee cadet pilot with no more than twenty hours flying time, her father flew a Morane 315 training aircraft without navigation equipment or maps from Meknès in Morocco to Gibraltar in response to Charles de Gaulle's appeal of 18 June.
Her mother's parents helped Prince Andrew and Princess Alice of Greece after their exile in 1922, resulting in a lasting friendship between the two families.
Cordet is a goddaughter of Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, and was educated firstly at the French Lycée in Kensington, London, and then at a convent school.
Music career.
When she began singing she took her stage name from her mother, Hélène Cordet, who had adopted the surname early in her own professional career, as an actress and TV hostess.
After signing to Decca Records, she released "I'm Just a Baby" in 1962, which hit No. 13 on the UK Singles Chart. The song was composed by Jerry Lordan and produced by the former Shadows drummer Tony Meehan. 
She appeared in the films "Just for You" and "Just for Fun" in 1963. 
Cordet undertook tours with The Beatles and Gerry and the Pacemakers. Gerry Marsden is said to have initially written the song "Don't Let the Sun Catch You Crying" for Cordet, though the Gerry and the Pacemakers recording was released almost simultaneously, in April 1964. She recorded a four-track EP for French Decca - three tracks in French (including a French-language version of the English song, "Around and Around", plus her version of the Beatles' song, "From Me to You"). Her final single was a cover version of the Motown tune, "Two Lovers". "Two Lovers", originally composed by Smokey Robinson, featured Jimmy Page on guitar on Cordet's version. She also toured in 1963 with Paul & Paula, Tony Meehan and Jet Harris, with the concert promoter Arthur Howes, but by 1965 she had stopped recording.
She served as French pronunciation advisor at Marianne Faithfull's 11 May 1965 Decca Records recording session.
Personal life.
She is married to a Greek national and has three children: the eldest son is the singer Alexi Murdoch. She now lives in Greece with a home also in London. Her brother Max Boisot was a professor of economics.

</doc>
<doc id="19524189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524189" title="Valery Noufor">
Valery Noufor

Valery Noufor (born May 13, 1985 in Douala) is a professional Cameroonian footballer currently playing for Espérance Guider.

</doc>
<doc id="19524192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524192" title="Vahagn (name)">
Vahagn (name)

Vahagn (or Vahakn) (Armenian: ) is a common Armenian male given name, referring to ancient Armenian god of war and courage Vahagn – the Armenian counterpart of the Zoroastrian god of victory Verethragna, whose name in Avestan means "smiting of resistance". See Վահագն for more on the origin of the name.

</doc>
<doc id="19524197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524197" title="Harold Hill Smith">
Harold Hill Smith

Harold Hill Smith (April 24, 1910 – October 19, 1994) was an American geneticist who first fused a human cell and a plant cell.
Life and career.
Born in Kearny, New Jersey, Smith graduated from Rutgers University and earned master's and doctoral degrees in genetics at Harvard University. He then worked for seven years at the United States Department of Agriculture before serving in the United States Navy in World War II.
He was appointed professor of plant genetics at Cornell University and was senior geneticist at the Brookhaven National Laboratory from 1955 to his retirement in 1978. He died of natural causes in State College, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="19524200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524200" title="Alexina Calvert">
Alexina Calvert

Alexina Calvert (née McWilliam) (13 August 1898 – 19 September 2008) was a British supercentenarian who was the oldest living person in Scotland at the time of her death. She was born and raised in Scotland and married her husband Nicholas in 1921. Her husband, who was originally from Dumfriesshire, became a postmaster in Inverness, then the couple moved to take over the post office in Annan in 1946. Nicholas died in 1973. Calvert celebrated her 110th birthday in 2008; visitors left gifts of flowers and chocolate, and Calvert's 85-year-old daughter was also present. She died on 19 September 2008 just over a month after her 110th birthday.
With her death, Annie Turnbull (born 21 September 1898) became the new record holder for Scotland's oldest living person.

</doc>
<doc id="19524205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524205" title="Springfields">
Springfields

Springfields is a nuclear fuel production installation in Salwick, near Preston in Lancashire, England. The site is operated by Springfields Fuels Limited, under the management of Westinghouse Electric UK Limited, although since its conversion from a munitions factory in 1946 it has been operated and managed by a number of different organisations including the UK Atomic Energy Authority and British Nuclear Fuels. Fuel products are produced for the UK’s nuclear power stations and for international customers.
Activities on the site.
The site has been making nuclear fuels since the mid-1940s. The site is notable for being the first nuclear plant in the world to produce fuel for a commercial power station connected to the national grid (Calder Hall).
The four main activities carried out on the site are:
Future of the plant.
Manufacture is scheduled to continue until 2023. Decommissioning activities have so far resulted in 87 buildings on the site having been fully demolished.

</doc>
<doc id="19524232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524232" title="Fort du Dellec">
Fort du Dellec

Forming part of the chain of fortifications along the goulet de Brest, the fort du Dellec was built by Vauban in the 17th century, then rebuilt several times, notably in the 19th century when casemates were added for barracks and munitions storage. A German blockhouse typical of those on the Atlantic Wall was also added here by the Germans. It is located on the coastal paths between Brest and Le Conquet in the commune of Plouzané. The fort has been open to the public for some years.
Two viewing points allow views of the cliffs of the Crozon peninsula and the Goulet, and there is a marina in a nearby small creek.

</doc>
<doc id="19524236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524236" title="Golopo Nemba">
Golopo Nemba

Golopo Nemba Bambara (born May 8, 1986 in Garoua) is a professional Cameroonian footballer currently playing for Racing Club Bafoussam.

</doc>
<doc id="19524263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524263" title="Carol Deene">
Carol Deene

Carol Deene (born Carole Carver, 3 August 1944, Thurnscoe, Yorkshire, England) is an English former pop singer.
After appearing on Joan Regan's BBC TV programme "Be My Guest" in 1961, when she was 16, Deene was signed to the HMV label, and scored three Top 40 hits on the UK Singles Chart in 1962. "Norman" reached number 24 in January 1962, "Johnny Get Angry" reached number 32 in July, and "Some People" hit number 25 in August. Her first chart hit was "Sad Movies (Make Me Cry)", a number 44 entry in the UK chart in October 1961.
In 1962, Deene briefly hosted her own show on Radio Luxembourg. Despite a serious car accident in 1966, Deene continued to record throughout the 1960s and into 1970, and regularly toured the northern clubs. After another car crash in 1974, she only recorded sporadically for a number of labels until the late 1970s. She now lives in Spain where she manages a radio station with her husband.
In January 1997, Diamond Records released a compilation album of Deene's work, entitled "Johnny Get Angry".

</doc>
<doc id="19524277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524277" title="Pointe de Cornouaille">
Pointe de Cornouaille

La pointe de Cornouaille is a cape to the north of the hamlet of Kerviniou in France. They are both situated on the Roscanvel peninsula and, facing as it does the Fort du Mengant, a battery on the point forms part of the defences of the goulet de Brest.
Known defences on the site include :

</doc>
<doc id="19524288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524288" title="Irvin J. Borowsky">
Irvin J. Borowsky

Irvin J. Borowsky (November 23, 1924) is an American publisher and philanthropist.
Early life.
Irvin J. Borowsky was born in 1924 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, the youngest of the nine children of Emma and Samuel Borowsky. His parents had emigrated from Poland to the United States where Samuel Borowsky became a supplier of flour and related products for bakeries. At twelve years old, the young Borowsky answered an ad in "Popular Mechanics" for a five dollar printing press. The press came with a package of type, ink and instructions. It changed his life. At the time of his father’s death, Borowsky was fourteen years old and was operating his own printing business which he named City Wide Press.
Business life.
At the end of World War II, Borowsky, now a master printer, founded Foster Manufacturing Company to provide custom storage equipment to printers and newspapers throughout the nation. He redesigned the ad makeup departments for the "Washington Post", "Boston Herald", "The Plain Dealer", "Philadelphia Inquirer" and many other newspapers farming out the construction of his specially designed steel equipment. In 1948, recognizing the power and potential of the television industry which was just emerging, he started a weekly TV magazine which in time became "TV Guide". With his Foster Manufacturing Company providing funds, he bought large presses to accommodate the magazine format and the first editions of the magazine were printed - a major event for this new TV field. 
He moved his companies to a location that accommodated all three enterprises. City Wide Press, Foster Manufacturing, and TV Digest were now efficiently housed under one roof. 
His innovations in the publishing and printing industries are legendary…creative and groundbreaking.
After selling his TV magazine to Walter Annenberg in 1953, Borowsky founded the North American Publishing Company (NAPCO) which became a highly successful publisher of magazines nationwide. Beginning with Printing Impressions, now the leading publication for the printing and graphic arts industries, Borowsky expanded NAPCO by creating new magazines as well as purchasing and restructuring other publications.
His first acquisition was "Audio" magazine. Within 18 months his stable of magazines included "Sailing World", "Target Marketing", "Magazine and Book Seller", "American School and University", "American Import/Export Management", "In Plant Reproductions", "Custom House Guide", "Package Printing", and more. 
In 1975 Borowsky purchased "CUE", the beloved magazine of New York events and entertainment. Calling him a “rebuilder of magazines” Business Week further made note of the fact that Borowsky spent “a fortune” to get "CUE" in shape. Borowsky moved "CUE" magazine to new spaces at 55th Street and Madison Avenue and North American Publishing Company became a significant presence in New York City. By this time, NAPCO was producing 24 different magazines each month. 
By 1980, he sold several of his magazines: "CUE" to Rupert Murdoch, "Sailing World" to the New York Times, and "Audio" to CBS. His son, Ned, was appointed president of NAPCO and Borowsky announced that he would concentrate his time and resources on philanthropy and social issues.
Philanthropy and later life.
In addition to his publishing activities, Borowsky has always been immersed in philanthropy plus community services and support. For several years he served as President of the Jewish Exponent, the newspaper that has connected and served the Philadelphia Jewish community for over 100 years. For the Federation of Jewish Charities, he became chairman of the printing and publishing divisions. Borowsky made many visits to Israel, notably during the Yom Kippur War and, on later occasions, for meetings with that nation’s leadership. 
In 1992, he organized and led 700 Evangelical Christians on a tour that explored cherished early Christian shrines as well as contemporary economic and political issues with leaders from the sciences, technologies, agronomics and education. 
In 1982, Borowsky founded the American Interfaith Institute to join Jews and Christians in common cause; to remove anti-Semitic language and incorrect translations of specific passages of the New Testament, thus building understanding, acceptance and relationships among Christians and Jews. Working closely with the scholars and translators of the American Bible Society, Borowsky was able to see the fulfillment of a key goal of the Institute when the American Bible Society published the Contemporary English Version (CEV), the first New Testament that does not hold Jews responsible for the crucifixion. Under the aegis of Borowsky, the American Interfaith Institute has developed a distinguished Scholars’ Board [http://www.americaninterfaith.org/scholars.htm] who guide the work and outreach of the organization within a framework of symposia, research, publishing and distribution of teaching materials for professors of religion . To date, Borowsky has written, edited and published 18 books relating to the mission and work of the Institute. Now in its 26th year, the American Interfaith Institute continues its initiative with vigor and commitment. 
As a member of both the American Academy of Religion and the Society of Biblical Literature, Borowsky has lectured worldwide on issues of diversity, faith and cooperation. 
In 2000, Borowsky founded the National Liberty Museum which has welcomed over 500,000 visitors from throughout the world. They come to participate in the museum’s unique programs and exhibitions that address freedom, peace and conflict resolution; to celebrate the diverse heritage and tradition that gives the nation strength and purpose. The Teacher Training Programs and the Education Center of the museum have received plaudits from throughout the educational community and is approved by the Pennsylvania and New Jersey Departments of Education. The contemporary art that is incorporated into every exhibit symbolizes the “art of liberty” and has been noted as one of the most original and effective teaching models in the nation.
Borowsky’s philanthropic outreach reflects his personal interest in art, education and social services. His Board affiliations include the Salvation Army, the University of the Arts (as Vice Chairman), the Jewish Community Centers and more. He is the major funder of the National Liberty Museum and serves as Chairman of that institution, which he founded. His contributions connect him to libraries, schools and the arts. He is the recipient of numerous awards including those from the Salvation Army, University of the Arts (Philadelphia), Printing Industries of America, Ben-Gurion University of the Negev, Foreign Policy Research Institute, United Way, city of Philadelphia, Alliance of Contemporary Glass Art, Federation of Charities, and Boys Town Jerusalem.
Personal life.
Borowsky and his wife have visited 61 countries to meet with theologians from diverse religions and to acquire key contemporary art. 
Their significant art collection, which focuses on the paintings of Marc Chagall, 
bronzes by renowned 20th century artists and masters of studio glass art is highly respected worldwide.
He married his second wife, Laurie Wagman in 1979. Including his wife’s daughters from her first marriage, they have 6 married children and 13 grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="19524289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524289" title="IDCA">
IDCA

IDCA can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19524302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524302" title="Lassina Abdoul Karim">
Lassina Abdoul Karim

Lassina Abdoul Karim Konaté (born May 20, 1987 in Niamey) is a professional Nigerien footballer currently playing for FC Metz in the French Ligue 2.
Career.
Lancina left on 29 March 2013 Cotonsport Garoua from Cameroon and signed for Bulgaria A Grupa side PFC Lokomotiv Sofia. In August 2013, he joined French Ligue 2 team FC Metz.
International career.
He is also a member of Niger national football team, having been called up to the 2012 Africa Cup of Nations. He has more than 20 caps for Niger.

</doc>
<doc id="19524312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524312" title="Allan Toweel">
Allan Toweel

Allan Toweel (13 May 1931 – 28 November 1995), was a former Welterweight (under 147 lbs/ 66,68 kg) boxer from South Africa. He became one of the finest trainer-managers in the history of SA boxing.
Personal.
His father, Michael Joseph Toweel (better known as Pappa Mike), was instrumental in introducing the basics of boxing to Allan and his brothers. Allan was the brother of fellow boxers Willie, Jimmy, Fraser, and Vic Toweel; and uncle of Paul Toweel. Born in Benoni, South Africa, he attended Benoni West Primary, Benoni Convent and Benoni High School.
Career.
As an amateur he won 126 out of 134 bouts. In 1946, he won East Rand, Transvaal and SA junior titles.
Fighting at welterweight, he won seven of eight professional bouts, with one ending in a draw. Troubled with asthma problems he turned down an offer from trainer Willie Ketchum, to go to America and unfortunately could not challenge Pat Patrick for the SA welterweight title.
Trainer.
Under his father's guidance, he helped to train brothers Vic (who went on to win the World Bantamweight Championship, beating the great Manuel Ortiz who was recognised as one of the greatest bantamweight champions of all time) and Willie, who scored a draw for the world bantamweight crown against Robert Cohen, winning the British Empire lightweight title and achieving national titles in four weight divisions: feather, bantam, light and welterweight. Allan also trained Dennis Adams for his fight against Frankie Jones in October 1957 in Scotland, when the South African won the British Empire flyweight title in what was considered a major upset.
Some of the top fighters he trained were Mike Schutte, Kosie Smith, Pierre Fourie, Patrick Toweel, Bushy Bester, Kokkie Olivier, and Pierre Coetzer. For a while he also trained the South African Gerrie Coetzee (former Heavyweight Champion in 1983).
He died at the age of 64 on 28 November 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="19524347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524347" title="Božidar Tadić">
Božidar Tadić

Club career.
Tadic previously played for FK Obilić in Serbia.

</doc>
<doc id="19524356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524356" title="WBusiness Books">
WBusiness Books

WBusiness Books is a business book publisher based in El Monte, California. WBusiness Book is an imprint of New Win Publishing, which is owned by Academic Learning Company, LLC. 
WBusiness Books publishes business books focusing on sales, marketing, leadership, entrepreneurship and communication. It published Wall Street Journal bestseller "From Lifeguard To Sun King: The Man Behind the Banana Boat Success Stories" in 2008, written by Robert Bell, the founder of the Banana Boat sun care brand.
History.
Academic Learning Company, LLC traces its roots as an academic and educational publisher to D. Appleton & Company (Boston, 1813) which later became Appleton Century Crofts (New York). Appleton Century Crofts was the American publisher of the two-volume New Century Dictionary and New Century Encyclopedia, the premier reference materials in the 19th century.
In the 1970s, Appleton Century Croft was sold to Meredith Publishing. Later, in 1974 Charles Walther purchased the New Century division from Meredith in an early management buyout. In 1981, New Century acquired Follett Publishing and Winchester Press in 1982. In 1990, Frank Gil purchased New Century Publishing and changed the company name to New Win Publishing Inc.
In November 2003, Academic Learning Company, LLC from California acquired New Win Publishing Inc.'s assets and divided New Win Publishing into two divisions. Velázquez Press is the educational publishing division focused on publishing reference and educational books for schools. New Win Publishing has three imprints: Winchester Press, WBusiness Books, and ZHealth Books. WBusiness Books publishes books of interest to the business community.
In February 2008 Academic Learning Company, LLC added a new division, WBusiness Speakers. This became the speaking and consulting division for the book publisher.

</doc>
<doc id="19524367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524367" title="Far och flyg">
Far och flyg

Far och flyg is a 1955 Swedish film directed by Gösta Bernhard and starring Dirch Passer.

</doc>
<doc id="19524385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524385" title="Bangaye">
Bangaye

Bangaye may refer to several places in Burkina Faso:

</doc>
<doc id="19524388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524388" title="Democrats for Trentino">
Democrats for Trentino

Democrats for Trentino () is a regionalist social-democratic Italian political party based in Trentino.
It emerged in September 2008 as a split from the Democratic Party (PD), after that Remo Andreolli, provincial Minister of Health and last provincial leader of the Democrats of the Left, was excluded from the list of the PD for the 2008 provincial election.
In the 2008 provincial election the party gained 2.0% of the vote and no seats in the Council.

</doc>
<doc id="19524391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524391" title="Eric Christian Ndjie">
Eric Christian Ndjie

Eric Christian Ndjie (born February 8, 1988 in Yaoundé) is a professional Cameroonian footballer currently playing for Cotonsport Garoua.
Trivia.
He cames 2006 from Mbalmayo F.C. to Cotonsport Garoua.

</doc>
<doc id="19524401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524401" title="That International Rag">
That International Rag

"That International Rag" is a song composed by Irving Berlin in 1913. Berlin wrote the song the night before its debut, when he needed a new opening number for his act while on tour in England.
Days before the song's composition, Berlin held a press conference that backfired and led the public to question his musical talent. He wanted to impress his audience with a new song, so he stayed up overnight to compose the number and completed it just before his matinee in London. The performance was well received; it did well on vaudeville and in early sound recordings. The song later appeared in Hollywood films.
Background.
In 1913, Berlin accepted an invitation to cross the Atlantic and perform in London. It was his second trip to England, so he called a press conference shortly after his arrival. This decision would have been normal business practice by Tin Pan Alley standards, but it appeared very brash to the British public. Berlin considered the press conference to be even more important than his scheduled appearance at the Hippodrome; his reputation depended more upon the impression he created for the journalists than on how he performed in a single theater.
Berlin made one mistake at the press conference that led to a backlash in the press and started a rumor that would follow him for decades. After admitting that he could neither read nor write music, he offered to compose a song on the spot to any title the journalists chose. One suggested "The Humming Rag", and he created the tune within an hour. In Berlin's enthusiasm to show off his talent for fast composition, he forgot to consider the impression he created when he tapped out the melody for his musical secretary with a single finger. Soon the public was reading that he was not only illiterate in music, but unable to play the piano. Those envious of his success called him "nothing but a hustling, hard-sell sham". As opening night drew near, he discovered that all of his hit songs were already well known to the British public. Needing a new number to open his act, and he composed "That International Rag" overnight in a panic.
Composition.
Berlin stayed up the night before his opening performance to create a new song. He was incapable of composing alone because he was primarily a lyricist who created melodies, so he worked with a musical secretary Cliff Hess, who transcribed and arranged the piece. As Berlin readily confessed, "I don't know anything about harmony; but I can make tunes".
They made little progress until around four in the morning. When their work began to disturb neighboring guests at the Savoy Hotel, Berlin answered complaints by filling the piano with bathroom towels in order to muffle the sound. He completed the chorus and began writing the second verse around sunrise.
"That International Rag" was completed just in time for its first performance. Berlin later described his method of composition in the following words: "I sweat blood... Absolutely. I sweat blood between 3 and 6 many mornings, and when the drops that fall off my forehead hit the paper they're notes."
Despite the song's title, critics doubt whether the work is actually ragtime. David Blanke explains the distinction between Tin Pan Alley rag and classic rag in the following manner:
As critic Gilbert Chase quips, Berlin's Hippodrome billing as "King of Ragtime" during this tour was "not a total misnomer if we add 'white, commercial, synthetic'." A kinder Gary Giddins concludes "it wasn't ragtime, but it was authentic Americana and it did the trick."
Reception.
Berlin's performance at the song's debut softened the impression that his initial press conference had given, and it settled some of the doubts about his musical talent.
Sophie Tucker introduced the song to vaudeville, and the Victor Military Band saw success with an early recording. In 1938 "That International Rag" appeared as a number in the Twentieth Century Fox film "Alexander's Ragtime Band". It was also used in the 1948 MGM film "Easter Parade", and in 1953's "Call Me Madam".

</doc>
<doc id="19524410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524410" title="Climate footprint">
Climate footprint

The term climate footprint has emerged from the field of carbon footprinting, and refers to a measure of the full set of greenhouse gasses (GHGs) controlled under the Kyoto Protocol. A climate footprint is a more comprehensive measure of anthropogenic impact upon the climate than a carbon footprint, but is also more costly and labour intensive to calculate. 
A climate footprint is a measure of the total amount of carbon dioxide (CO2), methane (CH4), nitrous oxide (N2O), hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs), perfluorocarbons (PFCs) and sulphur hexafluoride (SF6) emissions of a defined population, system or activity, considering all relevant sources, sinks and storage within the spatial and temporal boundary of the population, system or activity of interest. Calculated as carbon dioxide equivalent (CO2e) using the relevant 100-year global warming potential (GWP100).

</doc>
<doc id="19524417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524417" title="Kerviniou Batteries">
Kerviniou Batteries

The batteries de Kerviniou are artillery batteries built in the late 19th and early 20th centuries, and are made up of an upper battery (1891) and an underground magazine (1891)
Located on the Roscanvel peninsula facing the Fort du Mengant, they are a late addition to the defences of the goulet de Brest (a lower battery near the site, dating to 1695, has not yet been found). Demilitarised in 1915, they are open to the public.

</doc>
<doc id="19524421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524421" title="Bossongri">
Bossongri

Bossongri may refer to these places in Burkina Faso:

</doc>
<doc id="19524426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524426" title="Jovan Markuš">
Jovan Markuš

Jovan Markuš (Serbian Cyrillic: Јован Маркуш)(b. 20 January 1949 in Cetinje, Montenegro, Yugoslavia) is a Montenegrin politician, journalist, publicist, historian and heraldist. He is the former mayor of Cetinje, Montenegro's Old Capital.
Jovan Markuš graduated from the University of Belgrade Faculty of Mechanical Engineering in 1974. In the 1980s he was elected into the local assembly of the Cetinje Municipality and elected President of the local parliament, from 1984 to 1990 also serving the post of Mayor of Cetinje. Afterward from 1990 to 1994 he was the CEO of the Galenika farmacy firm for Montenegro, and from 1994 to 1999 Director of the Federal Tolls Management.
After leaving administrational politics, he became a dedicated journalist and publicist, winning the First Prize for Publicism in 2002. Jovan Markuš had invested a lot in research in the field of heraldry and in general history to a lesser extent. He authored three books in the field and became a member of the international Committee for Honoring Royal Dignity, which he remains to this day.
In 1990 he gathered various intellectuals in reforming the old Montenegrin People's Party from the days of Montenegro's independence in the early 20th century, with the fall of Communist single-partism, and remained honorarily its Executive Committee's Vice-president to this day.
He is the President of the Cetinje-based Serbian Cultural and Enlightenment Society of Montenegro. Jovan Markuš is also the Honorary Citizen of the city of Greenville, Michigan, United States of America. Next to Serbian, Markus also speaks Italian and French. He is married, his son Branko is a doctor and his daughter Marija is a student of the Medical Faculty of the University of Belgrade.

</doc>
<doc id="19524430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524430" title="Cinepix">
Cinepix

Cinepix is a South Korean 3-D animation company headquartered in Seoul.
Cinepix created "AquaKids" and "".

</doc>
<doc id="19524439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524439" title="Khar-polis">
Khar-polis

Khar-polis is an Iranian game played by two teams of approximately 5 to 7. Literally translated, "Khar-polis" means "Donkey-cop".
Terminology.
First, one team is designated as a Khar () team, and the other team is designated as the Polis () team. The Khar team forms a line in this manner: First, one person leans his back against a wall. This person is called Mikh (). The Mikh person forms a lock with his hands, and keeps his locked hands in front of himself. Then, the second person in the Khar team rests his forehead in the locked hands of the Mikh, thus bending forward. This person also puts one of his legs (typically the left leg) in front, and his other leg (typically the right leg) to the back. Then, the third person in the Khar team locks his hands around the upper part of the backward leaning leg of the second person, and he himself bends down with one leg in the front and one leg to the back. The rest of the Khar team follow suit, each bending down with one leg in front and one leg in back, while locking their hands around the upper leg of the person immediately in front of them. This forms a line, which is collectively called Khar.
Rules.
Once the line is formed, the players of the Polis (cop) team start jumping on the line, which creates the appearance of a person riding on the back of a donkey. The goal of the Polis team is to put pressure on the Khar team, so that their line collapses to the ground. The Khar team, on the other hand, is supposed to withstand the pressure until all of the Polis team players have jumped. At that point, after a count to ten, if the Khar team has not collapsed onto the ground, the teams switch sides. 
Even if one of the Khar team players cannot withstand the pressure and falls to the ground, the line is considered to have collapsed. The expression used is "Khar khabid", which means "The donkey went down." If this happens, the Khar team will have to form a line for another round of jumping. On the other hand, if one of the Polis team members loses his balance and falls to the ground while being mounted on the line, the Polis team is lost that round, and it will be their turn to be the Khar team. 
Once each member of the Polis team has jumped on the line, he is not permitted to crawl forward to create space for his teammates to jump. Neither team is allowed to rattle or otherwise shake the line in order to make the other team collapse or fall off.

</doc>
<doc id="19524443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524443" title="Incommunicado">
Incommunicado

Incommunicado, as an adjective or adverb, refers to a situation or a behaviour due to which communication with outsiders is not possible, for either voluntary or involuntary reasons, especially due to confinement or reclusiveness. 
"Incommunicado" may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19524445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524445" title="Moussa Nassourou">
Moussa Nassourou

Moussa Nassourou (born April 19, 1985 in Yaoundé) is a professional Cameroonian footballer currently playing for Cotonsport Garoua.
Trivia.
He began his profi career by his mother club Cotonsport Garoua in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="19524455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524455" title="The Beatles' 1965 European tour">
The Beatles' 1965 European tour

Set list.
The typical set list for the shows was as follows (with lead singers noted):
Instruments and equipment.
Instruments The Beatles had on the tour, shown here for each member of the group.
John
Paul
George
Ringo

</doc>
<doc id="19524456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524456" title="Doyana">
Doyana

Doyana may refer to several places in Burkina Faso:

</doc>
<doc id="19524458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524458" title="Princess Frederica">
Princess Frederica

Princess Frederica may refer to:
Princess Frederika may refer to: 
Princess Friederike may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19524467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524467" title="Wilbur Comics">
Wilbur Comics

Wilbur Comics was a comic book published from 1944 to 1965. The comic featured the fictional character Wilbur Wilkin, a contemporary of Archie. Wilbur Wilkin actually made his first appearance in "Zip Comics" #18, three months before Archie's first appearance. Wilbur also made appearances in several other Archie comics, such as "Pep Comics", as a backup feature. Of particular note, popular Archie character Katy Keene made her first appearance in "Wilbur Comics" #5. This title was published originally under the imprint of MLJ Magazines, which then became Archie comics starting with issue #8. After issue #87 (December 1959), the book went on until August 1963's #88. After 1 more issue in 1964 and 1 in 1965, the series was canceled with issue #90.
In the late 1960s, Archie Comics reused the last name "Wilkin" in a new title, "That Wilkin Boy". It is unknown if this was an attempt at relaunching "Wilbur Comics" (the new character Bingo Wilkin does not closely resemble Wilbur Wilkin), or if the editors just believed that "Wilkin" is a good comedy name.

</doc>
<doc id="19524470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524470" title="Det var paa Rundetaarn">
Det var paa Rundetaarn

Det var paa Rundetaarn is a 1955 Danish comedy film directed by Poul Bang and starring Dirch Passer.

</doc>
<doc id="19524480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524480" title="Spencer baronets">
Spencer baronets

There have been two baronetcies created for members of the Spencer family, both for descendants of two younger sons of Sir John Spencer (1524–1586) of Althorp, Northamptonshire:
The Baronetcy of Spencer of Yarnton was created on 29 June 1611 in the Baronetage of England for Thomas Spencer, Member of Parliament for Woodstock 1604-11, son of Sir William Spencer of Yarnton, Oxfordshire, the third son of Sir John Spencer, Kt. of Althorp. The third Baronet also represented Woodstock 1660-1679. The baronetcy was extinct on the death of the seventh Baronet as a minor in 1741.
The Baronetcy of Spencer of Offley was created on 14 March 1627 for John Spencer of Offley Place, Great Offley, Hertfordshire, the son of Sir Richard Spencer, the fourth son of Sir John Spencer, Kt. of Althorp. His sister Alice, who married Sir John Jennings of Sandridge, was the grandmother of Sarah, 1st Duchess of Marlborough. He died without male issue in 1633 and the Baronetcy was extinct, but was recreated on 26 September 1642 for his brother and heir Brocket Spencer. The fourth Baronet was Member of Parliament for Hertfordshire 1705-08. On his death the Baronetcy was extinct. His estate was inherited by his four daughters, and ultimately by his greatgranddaughter who married Sir Thomas Salusbury

</doc>
<doc id="19524485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524485" title="Michele Besso">
Michele Besso

Michele Angelo Besso (25 May 1873 Riesbach – 15 March 1955 Genoa) was a Swiss/Italian engineer of Jewish Italian (Sephardi) descent. He was a close friend of Albert Einstein during his years at the Federal Polytechnic Institute in Zurich, today the ETH Zurich, and then at the patent office in Bern. Besso is credited with introducing Einstein to the works of Ernst Mach, the sceptical critic of physics who influenced Einstein's approach to the discipline. Einstein called Besso "the best sounding board in Europe" for scientific ideas.
In a letter of condolence to the Besso family Albert Einstein wrote his now famous quote "Now Besso has departed from this strange world a little ahead of me. That means nothing. People like us, who believe in physics, know that the distinction between past, present and future is only a stubbornly persistent illusion"

</doc>
<doc id="19524512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524512" title="List of music styles that incorporate the accordion">
List of music styles that incorporate the accordion

Traditional music styles incorporating the accordion.
This is a list of articles describing traditional music styles that incorporate the accordion, alphabetized by assumed region of origin.
Note that immigration has affected many styles: e.g. for the South American styles of traditional music, German and Czech immigrants arrived with accordions (usually button boxes) and the new instruments were incorporated into the local traditional music.

</doc>
<doc id="19524522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524522" title="Fort de Portzic">
Fort de Portzic

The Fort de Portzic was built near the town of Brest by Vauban between 1693 and 1699 as part of the defences of the goulet de Brest. It faces the pointe des Espagnols and was improved and enlarged over time (including the Phare du Portzic in 1848 and a semaphore station in 1987), since it formed the town's last and innermost defence. The buildings on the site remain in military use. Nearby is the lighthouse Phare du Portzic. 

</doc>
<doc id="19524523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524523" title="List of American Championship Car winners">
List of American Championship Car winners

The following is a list compiling the total number of career victories in open wheel American Championship Car Racing. The list recognizes "Indy car" or "Champ car" victories under the following auspices:
Sanctioning bodies.
The AAA Contest Board began sanctioning races as early as 1904. In the early years of the sport, only two seasons (1905 and 1916) an official national championship was recognized and awarded. Individual events from 1904, 1906–1915, and 1917–1919 are specifically excluded from the table below, due to the fact that they were not part of an official "championship" season.
The national championship was re-instated by AAA for 1920 and beyond. Retroactively awarded titles for the other years were later researched, although most historians consider them to be revisionist, and do not deem them as suitable for official record. All racing was suspended from 1942 to 1945, due to WWII. The 1946 season is a source of a statistical anomaly. The AAA Contest Board included "Big Car" races in the national championship for 1946, swelling the season to 77 events (6 Champ Car races and 71 Big Car races). Some later texts chose to dismiss the 71 Big Car races from record, but reliable records and historians contend that the season should be regarded as the full 77-race schedule.
Note that victories in the Indianapolis 500 from 1979 to 1995 are listed under the heading of USAC. While CART sanctioned the primary year-long season of races, the Indianapolis 500 itself remained under the sanctioning of USAC.
For 1996–1997, victories in the Indianapolis 500 and Indy Racing League are listed solely under the heading of IndyCar. For the first nine races of its existence (five in 1996 and four in 1997), the Indy Racing League fell under the sanctioning umbrella of USAC. After two controversial races in early 1997, sanctioning abruptly switched to in-house oversight by the IRL. In 2010, the series retired the term "IRL" in favor of "IndyCar."
Non-points races such as the Race of Two Worlds, Marlboro Challenge, and the 2008 Nikon Indy 300 are not reflected in the totals below.
Wins chart.
Winners of non-championship events.
A substantial number of non-championship races were sanctioned by the AAA Contest Board, namely from the periods from 1902–1904, 1906–1915, and 1917–1920. That includes the Indianapolis 500 in 1911, 1912, 1913, 1914, 1915, and 1919. Various other non-championship races have been conducted over the years by AAA, USAC, CART, and IRL from 1920–2008. The winners from those races are specifically not included in the main table above. Below is an abridged list of race winners from non-championship AAA races.
Notes
Wins by nationality.
"All figures correct through the 2013 Grand Prix of Houston – Race 1."
Team victories.
Total all-time victories for Indy car teams (selected teams & active teams).

</doc>
<doc id="19524540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524540" title="Girls Without Tomorrow 1992">
Girls Without Tomorrow 1992

Girls Without Tomorrow 1992 (應召女郎1988之二現代應召女郎) is a 1992 Hong Kong film directed by David Lam Tak Luk and Wong Chi. It is a sequel to the 1988 film "Girls Without Tomorrow".

</doc>
<doc id="19524548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524548" title="Marcellin Gaha Djiadeu">
Marcellin Gaha Djiadeu

Marcellin Gaha Djiadeu (born March 24, 1982 in Bafang) is a professional Cameroonian footballer currently playing as Player-Coach for Unisport de Bafang.
Career.
He began his career by FC Unisport de Bafang and signed in January 2003 with Cotonsport Garoua. Djiadeu left in December 2008 with Cotonsport FC de Garoua and signed in Indonesia for Arema FC. He returned in the Spring of 20010 to Cameroon and becames the Team-Captain of Unisport de Bafang.
Coaching career.
In April 2013 becames the B Coaching Licence and started as Player Head coach of Unisport de Bafang.

</doc>
<doc id="19524557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524557" title="Germán Montoya">
Germán Montoya

Marcelo Germán Montoya (born 23 January 1984) is an Argentine football goalkeeper who plays for Colón in the Argentine Primera División.
Club career.
Montoya started his professional career with Belgrano in the 2000 Apertura of the Primera División. He became a starter for Belgrano during the 2006 Clausura of the Primera B Nacional (second division), relegating Colombian international Robinson Zapata to the bench. Belgrano was promoted at the end of the season and Montoya played his first full season in the first division in the 2006–07. However, his team was relegated at the end of the season.
After Belgrano's relegation, Montoya stayed in the first division, being transferred to Vélez Sársfield. At first, he was a substitute for Sebastián Peratta, but became a starter from the 12th fixture onwards due to a knee injury suffered by Peratta. During the 2008 Apertura, Montoya was originally a starter, but was relegated by Marcelo Barovero by the end of the tournament. Subsequently, when Ricardo Gareca replaced Hugo Tocalli as the team's coach for the 2009 Clausura, Montoya regained his position as a starter. Vélez won the tournament and Montoya had the lowest goals-to-games ratio, therefore being awarded the Ubaldo Fillol Award.
During the 2010 Apertura, Montoya lost his place again to Barovero, and played only when the new starter was injured. He was later an un-used substitute in Vélez' 2011 Clausura winning campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="19524561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524561" title="Leopold Grützmacher">
Leopold Grützmacher

Leopold Grützmacher (born in Dessau, Germany on 4 September 1835, died in Weimar Germany on 26 February 1900) was a German cellist and composer.
He was the younger brother of Friedrich Grützmacher and was a member of the Gewandhaus orchestra in Leipzig. Later he was the principal cellist of the Schwerin Hofkapelle, the Landestheater in Prague and then in the Hofkapelle in Meiningen, Germany. From 1876 he was first cellist and chamber music virtuoso in Weimar.
Grützmacher composed two cello concertos and many small cello pieces. His son Friedrich was also a cellist.

</doc>
<doc id="19524565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524565" title="His Dark Materials (disambiguation)">
His Dark Materials (disambiguation)

His Dark Materials may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19524610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524610" title="Tourism in Bihar">
Tourism in Bihar

Bihar (, , ) in eastern India is one of the oldest inhabited places in the world with a history going back 3000 years. The rich culture and heritage of Bihar is evident from the innumerable ancient monuments that are dotted all over the state. Bihar is home to many tourist attractions and is visited by large numbers of tourists from all over the world. Around total 6 million tourists visit Bihar every year.
History of tourism.
The documented history of tourism in Bihar region dating back to the 4th century BCE. Greek geographer Megasthenes (, c. 350 BC - 290 BC) visited the region in reign of Chandragupta Maurya. His observations were recorded in "Indika". Dionysius was son of Megasthenes, who visited Patliputra in reign of Ashoka the Great. Hsuan-Tsang and I Ching visited Nalanda to study in the 7th century.
In the earliest day, tourism in region was purely based educational tourism as Bihar was home of some prominent ancient universities like Nalanda University and Vikramashila University.
Pilgrimages.
Bihar one of the most sacred place of various religions like Hinduism, Buddhism, Jainism, Sikhism & Islam, Many tourist travel to Bihar to visit their pilgrimage.
Mahabodhi Temple, a Buddhist shrine and UNESCO World Heritage Site is also situated in Bihar. Mahatma Gandhi Setu, Patna, is one of the longest bridge in the world.
Sikh pilgrimages.
The capital of Bihar, Patna is one of the holiest city in Sikhism, as The tenth Guru of the Sikhs Guru Gobind Singh was born here in 1666 and spent his early years before moving to Anandpur. Patna was also honoured by visits from Guru Nanak in 1509 as well as Guru Tegh Bahadur in 1666.
Eco Center.
or Patna Zoo. This is situated near Bailey Road in Patna.
Connectivity and access.
Bihar is also an important transit point of Bihar for the tourists dropping in from the other states of India. Bihar is well-connected by air, rail and road transport.
Patna has its own airport known as Lok Nayak Jayaprakash Airport or Airport Patna. It is a national airport and it is connected to all major cities of India via daily flights.
Gaya Airport is the only international airport in Bihar and Jharkhand which 96 km from Patna. It is an international airport which is connected to Colombo, Sri Lanka through two airline operators: Bangkok, Thailand, Singapore, and Bhutan.
Bihar is strategically located in the main line of the East Central Railway and therefore connected with important cities of India and most cities within Bihar.
The cities of Bihar are well connected by public transport including both private and government transport. The cities are interconnected as well as connected with the capital. The roadways also connected to adjacent states and regular bus service is available for different cities of adjacent states like Jharkhand, West Bengal, Uttar Pradesh. The roadways also connects to Nepal. To boost the state roadways, the state government have introduced Mercedes Benz luxury buses. The Mercedes luxury buses, 92 in number, ply between 17 routes including Patna, Bhagalpur, Gaya, Ranchi and Jamshedpur.

</doc>
<doc id="19524618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524618" title="Noel Djondang">
Noel Djondang

Noel Djondang (born January 1, 1988 in Niamey) is a professional footballer from Niger who currently plays for Cotonsport Garoua.
Career.
He began his professional career by Cotonsport Garoua in 2007 and joined in summer back to Niger who signed for JS du Ténéré.

</doc>
<doc id="19524629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524629" title="Hvad vil De ha'?">
Hvad vil De ha'?

"Hvad vil De ha'?" is a 1956 Danish comedy film directed by Jens Henriksen and Preben Neergaard and starring Dirch Passer.

</doc>
<doc id="19524639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524639" title="Zabrody, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship">
Zabrody, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Zabrody is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasocin, within Włoszczowa County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Krasocin, north-east of Włoszczowa, and west of the regional capital Kielce.
The village has a population of 113.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19524654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524654" title="Martina Reilly">
Martina Reilly

Martina Reilly is a bestselling author based in Ireland. She has written teenage fiction under the name Martina Murphy and women's fiction under the names Tina Reilly and Martina Reilly. She also writes plays, teaches drama, and dabbles in journalism.
Writing career.
She was originally published by Pooleg but she is now published by Little Brown Book Group, a division of Hachette Livre, under the 'Sphere' imprint. Martina's novels have been published in many languages including Italian. 
Her teenage books include "Livewire," which won an International White Raven Award, and "Dirt Tracks" which won a Bisto Book merit award in 2000. "Dirt Tracks" was also shortlisted for an RAI reading Award.
Bibliography.
To date she has written eleven women's fiction books including "Something Borrowed", which was considered for the Impac Literary Award. Her titles are: 

</doc>
<doc id="19524655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524655" title="Pointe des Espagnols">
Pointe des Espagnols

The Pointe des Espagnols is the north-east extremity of the Roscanvel peninsula, an outgrowth of the Crozon peninsula closing off the roadstead of Brest. It also marks the south-east limit of the goulet de Brest (the other limits are marked by pointe des Capucins, pointe du Petit Minou and pointe du Portzic).
Formed by a cliff that is more than 60m high, at whose summit and base are the remains of fortifications and barracks, the point reaches towards the north-east via the rocher de la Cormorandière, marked by a pole. The straight channel situated between the point and the rocher is the location for strong currents which affect the roadstead.
This strategic position, facing Brest, was already noted by the Duchy of Brittany, who sited a fortlet there in 1387 (now lost). In 1594, Spaniards landed here and were only dislodged after several battles - it was in this period that the cape first took on its present name.
Fortifications.
The known works are:

</doc>
<doc id="19524656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524656" title="Josip Jurčič">
Josip Jurčič

Josip Jurčič (4 March 1844 – 3 May 1881) was a Slovene writer and journalist. He was born in Muljava, Austrian Empire (now part of the municipapity of Ivančna Gorica, Slovenia) and died in Ljubljana, Austria-Hungary. Josip Jurčič followed the literary program proposed by Fran Levstik and was one of the most influential Slovene literary realists.
The Jurčič Trail () from Višnja Gora (where he attended primary school) to Muljava is named after him. The house where he was born is now an open air museum.

</doc>
<doc id="19524685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524685" title="Ahmadou Eboa Ngomna">
Ahmadou Eboa Ngomna

Ahmadou Eboa Ngomna (born December 4, 1983 in Kaélé) is a professional Cameroonian footballer currently playing for New Stars FC Douala.
Career.
Ngomna played recently for Cameroonian side Cotonsport Garoua, Karachi United in Pakistan and Sur Club in Oman.

</doc>
<doc id="19524693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524693" title="List of StarCraft media">
List of StarCraft media

"StarCraft" is a science fiction media franchise made up of real-time strategy video games developed and published by Blizzard Entertainment. The series has several games which carry the main story arc: "StarCraft", its expansion pack ', and the trilogy '. In addition, the series incorporates media that include spin-off video games, tabletop games, novelizations, graphic novels, and other literature. A variety of toys have also been produced. Set in the 26th century, the series revolves around three species fighting for dominance in a distant part of the Milky Way galaxy: the Terrans, humans exiled from Earth who are adept at adapting to any situation; the Zerg, a race of insectoids obsessed with the pursuit of genetic perfection through the assimilation of other races; and the Protoss, a humanoid species with advanced technology and psionic abilities attempting to preserve from the Zerg both their civilization and strict philosophical way of living.
Conceived by Chris Metzen and James Phinney, the "StarCraft" series has been a commercial and critical success. The first game, "StarCraft", is regarded as being highly influential in the real-time strategy genre. Combined with its official expansion, "Brood War", over 10 million copies of "StarCraft" have been sold globally. "StarCraft" remains one of the most popular online games in the world; Blizzard Entertainment reported an 800 percent increase in Battle.net service usage after the game's release in 1998. The series is particularly popular in South Korea, where a successful electronic sports scene has been established.

</doc>
<doc id="19524700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524700" title="SMK Aminuddin Baki, Johor Bahru">
SMK Aminuddin Baki, Johor Bahru

S.M.K. Aminuddin Baki, Johor Bahru (SABJB), is a public national school in Johor Bahru, Johor, Malaysia. It is located on Jalan Abdul Samad. Schools surrounding SAB include S.M.K. Sultan Ismail (SSI), Sekolah Seni Johor Bahru and S.J.K.(c) Foon Yew 2.
The school is named after Aminuddin Baki, who has been granted the soubriquet "Bapa Pendidikan Malaysia" (Father of Malaysian Education).
History.
1962
1964 
It was named Lower Secondary School.
1968 
1970 
1971-1972
1972...
1986 
1988 
2003 
2006
2007

</doc>
<doc id="19524714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524714" title="RS Productions">
RS Productions

RS Productions was a Television and Radio production company best known for producing the 1980-1984 sitcom "Kingswood Country". The company was founded by Gary Reilly and Tony Sattler, originally to produce comic sketches such as "The Novels of Fiona Wintergreen" and "anti-ads" (satirical advertisements for fictitious company "Product Name") for ABC youth radio 2JJ (later JJJ). and for its "Local Radio" network. Titles included "Chuck Chunder of the Space Patrol" (1975), "Doctors and Nurses" (1976) and "The Naked Vicar Show" (1976–77). for which a compilation of highlights is available.
A television version of "The Naked Vicar Show" was broadcast by Channel Seven (1977–78). One of its regular sketches became the basis for the hit series "Kingswood Country". Other TV series produced by the company included "Daily at Dawn" (1981), "Brass Monkeys" (1984–1985) and ""Bullpitt!"" (1997–1998). The company also produced several radio programs. Today the company still exists as the copyright holder of its programs, two of which, "Kingswood Country" and "Bullpitt!", have since been released on DVD.
The company ceased production in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="19524720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524720" title="Benacerraf">
Benacerraf

Benacerraf ( "Ben-Aseraf") is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19524738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524738" title="Battalion (disambiguation)">
Battalion (disambiguation)

A battalion is a military unit of several hundred soldiers.
Battalion may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19524747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524747" title="Sinor">
Sinor

Sinor or Shinor (formerly Senapur/Sainyapur) is a small town in Vadodara District, Gujarat, India. Situated on the bank of river Narmada, it is known as the birthplace of one of the most prolific Gujarati writers, Ramanlal Vasantlal Desai. Natives speak Gujarati as their first language here.
People living here are mostly from Hindu and Muslim communities. Society is divided in various small habitats called "Faliyas" in local language, like Kibbutz in Israel. Some of the main Faliyas are "Busa Faliya, Devfali, Ranavas, Adhibhag, Charbhag, Nani Bhagol, Timba Faliya, Rabarivad, Nagarwada, Popat sheri, Machhivad" and "Bhattsheri".
The town is famous for its bands, which are mostly active in local ceremonies as well as in ceremonies of nearer villages. Some of the bands are "Shamshad Band, Bashir Band, Makbul Nizami Band, Hindustan Band" to name a few. The town is also known for "Kotha", a kind of sour fruit like fig.
There are lots of temples on the bank of Narmada river, some of them are "Ramji Mandir (Ganesh Mandir), Bhandareshvar Temple, Rohineshvar Temple, & Krashneshvar Temple. one more community is Jain here. There are many of old & historical Derasar's in the town one of newly constructed Derasar is one the bank of river Narmada. Two old historical bridges also situated here, people said that it was maid by "Gayakvad" King of Vadodara. & it's known as "Jhulto Pull" old Nerogage 
A narrow gauge railway line connects Sinor with Karjan (NH8) & from there Dabhoi.

</doc>
<doc id="19524756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524756" title="Frederic Adamou Ngove">
Frederic Adamou Ngove

Frederic Adamou Ngove (born August 1, 1988 in Bertoua) is a professional Cameroonian footballer currently playing for Union Sportive de Douala.
Career.
He began his career with Bebe F.C. Douala and moved in 2000 to Cotonsport Garoua. In 2008 he left Garoua and moved to ES Hammam-Sousse.

</doc>
<doc id="19524763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524763" title="TiVo, Inc.">
TiVo, Inc.

TiVo, Inc. is an American corporation whose primary product is the marketing and subscription services for its Tivo branded digital video recorder. TiVo primarily operates in the United States, but also in: Australia, Canada, Mexico, New Zealand, Puerto Rico, Taiwan, and the United Kingdom.
History.
TiVo Inc. was incorporated on August 4, 1997 as "Teleworld, Inc." by Jim Barton and Mike Ramsay, veterans of Silicon Graphics and Time Warner's Full Service Network digital video system. Originally intending to create a home network device, they later developed the idea to record digitized video on a hard disk. 
Teleworld began the first public trials of the TiVo device and service in late 1998 in the San Francisco Bay area. After exhibiting at the Consumer Electronics Show in January 1999, Mike Ramsay announced to the company that the first version of the TiVo digital video recorder would ship on March 31, 1999, despite an estimated four to five months of work remaining to complete the device.
Teleworld, Inc. renamed themselves to TiVo Inc. on July 21, 1999. TiVo Inc. made its IPO (Initial Public Offering) on September 30, 1999. Its first profitable quarter was the second quarter of 2005.
The original TiVo device digitized and compressed analog video from any source (antenna, cable or direct broadcast satellite). In late 2000, Philips Electronics introduced the DSR6000, the first DirecTV receiver with an integrated TiVo DVR. This new device, nicknamed the DirecTiVo, stored digital signals sent from DirecTV directly onto a hard disk. 
In early 2000, TiVo partnered with electronics manufacturer Thomson and broadcaster British Sky Broadcasting to deliver the TiVo service in the UK market. This partnership resulted in the Thomson PVR10UK, a stand-alone receiver released in October 2000. In January 2003, After poor sales, Tivo pulled out of the UK market., officially their manufacturing contract expired, however it was more likely because Sky, who were the exclusive distributor of Tivo in the UK, launched their own Tivo-like DVR product called Sky+ which they heavily promoted to their customers. Sky+ is still the dominant DVR product in the UK with 5.9million customers as of 2009.
In 2004, TiVo sued EchoStar Corp, a manufacturer of DVR units, for patent infringement. The parties reached a settlement in 2011 wherein EchoStar paid TiVo a licensing fee for its technology.
In June 2005, veteran media executive Tom Rogers was named president and chief executive officer of TiVo Inc. Rogers, a TiVo board member since 2003, took the reins from TiVo co-founder Mike Ramsay. Under Rogers' leadership, TiVo has transformed itself from just a DVR into a complete in-home broadcast, cable and broadband media hub and an ally to the traditional media businesses with its innovative ad solutions and television measurement services.
In 2006, TiVo, Inc. won an Emmy Award for Outstanding Innovation and Achievement in Advanced Media Technology.
On November 25, 2009, Tivo re-entered the UK market by announcing a partnership with UK cable company Virgin Media to become the exclusive provider of Set Top Box middleware and user inferface software for Virgin Medias next generation television platform. On November 3, 2010 Virgin Media announced the launch of their first PVR running Tivo software, available in 500GB or 1TB configurations.
As of Q1 2012, Virgin now have 677,000 Tivo Subscribers in the UK, up by 242,000 from the previous quarter, representing 18% of Virgin's TV customer base.
On January 19, 2010, Microsoft filed a lawsuit against TiVo, Inc. for patent infringement. Both companies agreed to end their lawsuits in March 2012

</doc>
<doc id="19524769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524769" title="Den store gavtyv">
Den store gavtyv

Den store gavtyv is a 1956 Danish comedy film directed by Johan Jacobsen and starring Dirch Passer.

</doc>
<doc id="19524773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524773" title="Liborio Romero">
Liborio Romero

Liborio Romero (born July 23, 1979 in Tenancingo, Tlaxcala) is a boxer from Mexico, who represented his native country in the Men's Light Flyweight (– 48 kg) category at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia. 
There he was stopped in the second round by Lithuania's Ivanas Stapovičius. Romero, nicknamed "Cañas", won the silver medal a year earlier in the same weight division at the Pan American Games.

</doc>
<doc id="19524790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524790" title="Akokana FC">
Akokana FC

Akokana FC (Akokana FC d'Arlit ) is a semi-professional Football club based in the city of Arlit, Niger. They regularly appear in the Niger Premier League.
2008 season.
Akokana won their group in the first stage of the Niger Championship, and finished 6th in the finals. They reached the finals of the Niger Cup, but were defeated by champions AS Police of Niamey, 2-0.

</doc>
<doc id="19524802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524802" title="Beth Israel Synagogue (Edenbridge, Saskatchewan)">
Beth Israel Synagogue (Edenbridge, Saskatchewan)

Beth Israel Synagogue is an historic Carpenter Gothic style Orthodox synagogue located in Edenbridge in the rural municipality of Willow Creek, near Melfort, Saskatchewan, Canada. The Edenbridge Hebrew Colony was founded in 1906 by Jewish immigrants who came from Lithuania via South Africa. Completed in 1906, the synagogue's wooden frame exterior, steep pitched roof and end lancet windows are typical of the plain Carpenter Gothic style buildings built by other religious groups in Saskatchewan and the rest of rural North America during the late 19th and early 20th centuries. The elegant interior, however, reflects the Eastern European roots of the Orthodox congregation. Today Beth Israel is the "oldest surviving synagogue in Saskatchewan."
Beth Israel Synagogue, including its adjacent cemetery, is a municipal heritage site as designated by the Rural Municipality of Willow Creek on September 10, 2003."

</doc>
<doc id="19524812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524812" title="Alinex">
Alinex

Alinex is a Portuguese operating system. It started with as an initiative between the regional government of Extremadura (Spain) and the University of Évora (a Portuguese university), in 2005. Version 1.0 was initially based on gnuLinEx, but since version 2.0 it is based on Ubuntu. It is currently being developed by the University of Évora. It was included in computers provided by the Portuguese government and was also available in many Portuguese schools.

</doc>
<doc id="19524820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524820" title="Oregon Progressive Party">
Oregon Progressive Party

The Oregon Progressive Party is a minor political party in the U.S. state of Oregon. Originally called the Oregon Peace Party, it was accepted as the sixth minor statewide political party in Oregon on August 22, 2008. This allowed the party to nominate Ralph Nader as its candidate in the 2008 U.S. presidential election. In September 2009, the party changed its name to the Oregon Progressive Party, to "more accurately reflects the party's positions" on issues besides peace, including "social justice, consumer advocacy, environmental protection, and worker's rights."
Membership.
Following the renaming of the party to the Oregon Progressive Party in September 2009, membership in the Oregon Peace Party ceased to exist by Oregon law. Party leaders are encouraging its members to re-register with the renamed Oregon Progressive Party. During May 2010 the party had 391 members and in June 2010 the number had grown to 817 members. Currently, the number of registered progressives stands at approximately 1900. The Progressive Party has nominated a slate of candidates for the 2010 general election, including one Democrat, Peter DeFazio (a 12-term member of Congress from Oregon's 4th Congressional District).
Platform.
The party's 2010 platform outlines the following positions and policies:

</doc>
<doc id="19524834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524834" title="The Liquidator (1965 film)">
The Liquidator (1965 film)

The Liquidator is a 1965 British thriller film starring Rod Taylor as Brian "Boysie" Oakes, Trevor Howard and Jill St. John. It was based on the first of a series of Boysie Oakes novels by John Gardner, "The Liquidator". The film follows the 1964 novel closely. Due to a legal dispute, the film's original November 1965 release was delayed to the end of 1966, by which time the spy film craze was waning.
Plot.
In World War II, tank corps Sergeant "Boysie" Oakes stumbles and unwittingly shoots and kills two men attempting to assassinate British Intelligence Major Mostyn (Trevor Howard) in Paris. Mostyn mistakenly believes Oakes was lethal on purpose.
Twenty years later, Mostyn (now a colonel in British Intelligence) and his boss (Wilfred Hyde-White) are in trouble due to a series of embarrassing security disasters. To save his job, the chief orders Mostyn to hire an assassin to illegally eliminate security leaks without official authorisation. Mostyn recruits Boysie into the Secret Service without first telling him what his employment will entail, luring him in with a lavish apartment and a fancy car. After Boysie passes a training course, Mostyn informs him that his code name is "L", and that it stands for liquidator. Unable to resign and not a killer himself, Boysie secretly hires a freelance professional assassin (Eric Sykes) to do the dirty work.
Things go well until Oakes persuades Mostyn's secretary Iris (Jill St. John) to spend the weekend with him on the Côte d'Azur, even though Mostyn has warned him that any contact between spies and civilian employees is a serious criminal offence. Boysie is captured by enemy agents led by Sheriek (Akim Tamiroff), who firmly believes he is on assignment and wants to know who the target is. However, Sheriek's superior, Chekhov (John Le Mesurier), is coldly furious that he has gone beyond his orders to merely watch Boysie, thus endangering a much more important operation. He has Sheriek arrange for Boysie to escape.
Then Quadrant (David Tomlinson) arrives with a new mission for Boysie. He is to stage a fake assassination attempt on the Duke of Edinburgh when he visits a Royal Air Force base to test the security. Boysie has been duped: Quadrant is actually an enemy agent, and the bullets in his sniper rifle are real. Mostyn shows up in the duke's place and is able to locate Boysie, but while they are distracted, Quadrant and a pilot steal the real target: the Vulture, an advanced new stealth aircraft which the duke was to inspect. Boysie manages to shoot Quadrant and board the plane as it is taking off. To his surprise, the pilot is none other than Iris, who informs him that she is the coordinator of the operation. He is able to overpower her and, with radio help, return the aircraft to the base.
Production.
Producer Jon Pennington brought Australian screenwriter Peter Yeldham to the project after both had cooperated on "The Comedy Man" (1963).
Richard Harris was initially approached for the role but after negotiations chose to do "The Heroes of Telemark" instead. Taylor insisted on playing the role with an American accent because he was more comfortable with it by that stage in his career.
The film opens with animated titles by the Richard Williams studio.
Like "Where the Spies Are", also filmed in MGM-British Studios, MGM planned a Boysie Oakes series. Cardiff recalled that the censors made them delete one of Taylor's lines: "it smells like a Turkish wrestler's jockstrap".
Reception.
Release of the film was held up a number of months due to a legal conflict between producer Leslie Elliot and MGM. Jack Cariff thought this hurt the final box office result of the film, which was disappointing.
Soundtrack.
The original score was composed by Lalo Schifrin and includes a driving main title vocal theme and a soft end title theme ("My Liquidator"), both sung by Shirley Bassey. Other than the "Goldfinger"-type title song, Lalo Schifrin deliberately avoided the John Barry James Bond style of music.

</doc>
<doc id="19524838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524838" title="Paul Alain Bingan">
Paul Alain Bingan

Paul Alain Bingan (born May 29, 1987 in Douala) is a professional Cameroonian footballer currently free agent.
Trivia.
He began his career by Authentic F.C. Douala before transferred to Cotonsport Garoua, 2008 left the team.

</doc>
<doc id="19524860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524860" title="Elephant Butte Lake State Park">
Elephant Butte Lake State Park

Elephant Butte Lake State Park is a state park of New Mexico, United States, located north of Truth or Consequences along the shore of Elephant Butte Reservoir. It is the largest state park in New Mexico and surrounds the state's largest reservoir. The reservoir, created in 1916 across the Rio Grande, is long with more than of shoreline.
Recreation at Elephant Butte Reservoir is managed by the New Mexico State Parks under agreement with the United States Bureau of Reclamation. Elephant Butte Dam, constructed between 1911 and 1916, was a major engineering feat in its day. The enormous concrete dam is the major feature of the Elephant Butte National Register Historic District. New Mexico State Parks operates a visitor center that contains information on the construction of the dam. There are 3 developed camps on the lake, with over 200 camping and picnicking sites, concession-operated marinas, and stores.

</doc>
<doc id="19524865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524865" title="High Sheriff of Middlesex">
High Sheriff of Middlesex

This is a list of High Sheriffs of Middlesex.
History of the office.
From c. 1131 to 1889 there was no separate sheriff for the county. By a charter of Henry I the livery of the City of London were given the right to elect two sheriffs of "London and Middlesex" on a payment of £300 "per annum" to the Crown. This continued until 1889, when the Local Government Act 1888 came into force. A single High Sheriff of Middlesex was thereafter appointed in the same manner as other English counties. At the same time, the most populous parts of Middlesex were included in the new County of London, which had its own High Sheriff.
The office ceased to exist in 1965, when Middlesex was abolished. The majority of the area became part of the jurisdiction of the High Sheriff of Greater London.
List of Sheriffs.
1131–1888.
See List of Sheriffs of London
1889–1899.
Note: the years shown are the shrieval years. Sheriffs were appointed at a meeting of the privy council generally held
in February or March and held office until the similar meeting in the next year. For example high sheriff appointed in March 1892 "for the year 1892" held office until March 1893.

</doc>
<doc id="19524888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524888" title="2001 Cotton Bowl Classic">
2001 Cotton Bowl Classic

The 2001 Southwestern Bell Cotton Bowl Classic was a college football bowl game played on January 1, 2001, at the Cotton Bowl in Dallas, Texas, USA. The Cotton Bowl was part of the 2000 NCAA Division I-A football season. The bowl game featured the Tennessee Volunteers from the SEC and the Kansas State Wildcats from the Big 12 and was televised in the United States on Fox. 
Game summary.
The Kansas State Wildcats became just the second team to win 11 games in four consecutive seasons by defeating The Tennessee Volunteers, 35-21, in the 2001 Cotton Bowl Classic. 
Third-quarter touchdown runs of 12 and six yards by junior Josh Scobey three minutes apart were the difference as Kansas State improved its four-year record to 44-8, including three bowl victories. 
The Wildcats (11-3) joined The Florida State Seminoles as the only teams to reach the 11-win plateau in four consecutive seasons.
After losing to # 1 Oklahoma in the Big 12 Conference championship game, Wildcats head coach Bill Snyder gave his players the chance to vote on whether or not they wanted to accept a Cotton Bowl Classic bid. The vote was unanimous, and the Wildcats played well in their second trip to Dallas in five years. 
Having lost the 1997 Cotton Bowl Classic to BYU, the Wildcats scored on their second possession and led 21-7 just 19½ minutes into the contest. 
Senior quarterback Jonathan Beasley ran for a 14-yard score and threw TD passes of 56 and 10 yards to Quincy Morgan to give Kansas State the two-touchdown advantage. 
The Wildcats frustrated Tennessee freshman quarterback Casey Clausen into a miserable 7-of-25, three-interception performance. Clausen did throw a 17-yard TD pass to TE David Martin, forcing a 7-7 tie in the first minute of the second quarter. 
Scobey set a Kansas State bowl record by rushing for 147 yards on 28 carries, breaking the mark of 133 yards set by J.J. Smith in the 1993 Copper Bowl. Beasley added 98 yards on 17 attempts while completing 13-of-27 passes for 210 yards. 
Tennessee's Travis Henry carried 17 times for 180 yards, 81 coming on a late touchdown scamper. The Volunteers (8-4) had their seven-game winning streak halted.

</doc>
<doc id="19524898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524898" title="Washington Death with Dignity Act">
Washington Death with Dignity Act

Initiative 1000 (I-1000) of 2008 established the U.S. state of Washington's Death with Dignity Act (RCW 70.245), which legalizes physician-assisted dying with certain restrictions. Passage of this initiative made Washington the second U.S. state to permit some terminally ill patients to determine the time of their own death. The effort was headed by former Governor Booth Gardner.
The measure was approved in the November 4, 2008 general election. 1,715,219 votes (57.82%) were cast in favor, 1,251,255 votes (42.18%) against. There were 2,966,474 votes total. 30 of the state's 39 counties voted in favor of the initiative.
In 1991, the similar initiative 119 was rejected by Washington voters by a margin of 54 percent to 46 percent. I-119 would have allowed doctors to prescribe a lethal dosage of medication, and also to administer it if the terminally ill patient could not self-administer.
Unlike that initiative, I-1000 requires the patient to ingest the medication unassisted.
The initiative is based on Oregon Measure 16, which Oregon voters passed in 1994. Oregon is the only other state to have enacted similar legislation.
Specific provisions in the initiative.
The official ballot summary for the measure, slightly amended following a February 2008 court challenge, is, "This measure would permit terminally ill, competent, adult Washington residents medically predicted to die within six months to request and self-administer lethal medication prescribed by a physician. The measure requires two oral and one written request, two physicians to diagnose the patient and determine the patient is competent, a waiting period, and physician verification of an informed patient decision. Physicians, patients and others acting in good faith compliance would have criminal and civil immunity."
Provisions in the law include:
Supporters.
The campaign was run by a coalition that includes former Washington governor, Booth Gardner. aid-in-dying advocates from Oregon, the Death with Dignity National Center, Compassion & Choices (national), Compassion & Choices of Washington, Compassion & Choices of Oregon. The name of the official political advocacy group working on the campaign was changed from "It's My Decision" to "YES on 1000".
State Senator Darlene Fairley, who chairs the Death with Dignity Disabilities Caucus, said that "as a matter of personal control and autonomy, it makes sense to let patients themselves decide what kind of medical care they want to receive and how long they want to suffer with a terminal illness."
State Representative Jamie Pedersen, chair of LGBT for 1000, said, "people facing terminal illnesses gain peace of mind from knowing that their end-of-life choices will be respected. Everyone deserves that respect and can appreciate its importance." Organizations that supported I-1000 include the American Medical Student Association, the American Medical Women’s Association, the Lifelong AIDS Association, the ACLU, the National Women’s Law Center, the Washington Chapter of the National Association of Social Workers, and the Washington State Public Health Association.
The Washington State Psychology Association was neutral on I-1000, but found that "patients choose aid in dying because of a desire for autonomy and the wish to avoid loss of dignity and control, not because of a poor mental state, lack of resources or social support," and "the law has had a positive effect in terms of significant improvements in palliative care."
The "Newcastle News" endorsed the measure in an October 7, 2008, editorial. "Some opponents of I-1000 will refer to the life-death option as assisted suicide, but this has no resemblance to suicide. It is a humane end to a life that is already ending," the editorial said.
Opposition.
The Coalition Against Assisted Suicide opposed the measure. It included doctors and nurses, disability rights advocates and organizations, hospice workers, minorities, right-to-life organizations, the Catholic Church and other Christian organizations, and politicians.
The organization held that the danger of making doctors the agents of a patient's death far outweighed any advantages to assisted suicide, or safeguards in the initiative's text. They felt that legalization of assisted suicide would put pressure on minorities, the disabled, and the poor.
Actor Martin Sheen appeared in television ads opposing Initiative 1000. There has been some debate over one of Sheen's statements: persons with depression can be given a lethal dose without prior professional assessment. According to the Washington Death with Dignity act, "Medication to end a patient’s life
in a humane and dignified manner shall not be prescribed until the person performing the counseling determines
that the patient is not suffering from a psychiatric or psychological disorder or depression causing impaired
judgment." This issue has been explored in the field of medical ethics.
Not Dead Yet, a disabilities advocacy group which joined with the Coalition Against Assisted Suicide, objected to the measure, arguing that it discriminates against and targets the disabled. They believe that disabled people who are worried they will become a burden to their families need help and pain relief for their conditions, not encouragement to die.

</doc>
<doc id="19524905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524905" title="Îlot des Capucins">
Îlot des Capucins

Îlot des Capucins ("Islet of the Capuchins") is a rocky islet at the foot of a cliff in the commune of Roscanvel on the Crozon peninsular. Its name comes from a rock near the island, shaped like a praying monk. It has a strategic position at the entrance to the goulet de Brest and so a fort sited on it controlled the whole of Camaret bay, with views stretching from pointe du Grand Gouin (to the southwest), to fort de Bertheaume (to the northwest). 
The fort was built in 1848 after plans drawn 150 years earlier by Vauban, built in schist and granite and made up of an underground battery (1890) and a rapid-fire battery (1890) It was linked to the mainland by a bridge in 1859.
On the heights overlooking the islet is an upper battery (1885) to the islet's right and left, a platform battery with an underground magazine (1897) and a mortar battery (1889).

</doc>
<doc id="19524923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524923" title="Patricio Calero">
Patricio Calero

Patricio Calero (born July 20, 1977 in El Empalme, Guayas) is a boxer from Ecuador, who represented his native country in the Men's Light Flyweight (– 48 kg) category at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece. 
There he was stopped in the first round by Russia's eventual bronze medalist Sergey Kazakov. Calero won the bronze medal in the same weight division at the 1999 Pan American Games. He qualified for the Olympic Games by ending up in second place at the 2nd AIBA American 2004 Olympic Qualifying Tournament in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="19524936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524936" title="Last Exit to Brooklyn (album)">
Last Exit to Brooklyn (album)

Last Exit to Brooklyn is a soundtrack album by British singer-songwriter and guitarist Mark Knopfler, released on 3 October 1989 by Vertigo Records internationally, and by Warner Bros. Records in the United States. The album contains music composed for the 1989 film "Last Exit to Brooklyn", produced by Bernd Eichinger and directed by Uli Edel.
Critical reception.
In his review for AllMusic, William Ruhlmann gave the album three out of five stars, calling it Knopfler's "most ambitious and accomplished soundtrack." Ruhlmann noted that unlike Knopfler's first three soundtracks, the music for "Last Exit to Brooklyn" "did not sound like outtakes from Dire Straits sessions, but instead consisted of fully orchestrated scoring."
Track listing.
All music was written by Mark Knopfler.

</doc>
<doc id="19524949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524949" title="Model-tower, 1811 type">
Model-tower, 1811 type

A model tower ("tour-modèle"), also known as an Empire tower or a Napoleon tower, was a standardised defensive fortification created in 1811.
History.
Napoleon I wished to remedy the disorder in France's coastal defences and so demanded the construction of a fortification combining powder magazines, food storehouses and gunners' lodgings in one building Napoleon's idea was that the cannons in coastal batteries were very vulnerable to enemy raids and so they could be made safer by combining these elements in a single building. As a coastal defensive chain, they can be compared to the United Kingdom's near-contemporaneous chain of Martello towers (built between 1804 and 1812).
This defence programme is known by the name "model towers and redoubts, 1811 type". Their construction programme was begun in 1812 and was originally intended to run for ten years, but it was abandoned on Napoleon's abdication in 1814. Of the 160 model works originally planned (106 on the Atlantic coast, and 54 in the Mediterranean), only 12 towers were completed by 1814, including the 6 in Finistère around the roadstead of Brest (listed below). Louis-Philippe of France attempted to emulate Napoleon and complete this defence chain in 1846 with a set of standardised crenellated guardhouses.
Types.
1 (model tower).
Model 1 is 16m wide and could house 60 men, along with four 24- or 16-pounder cannons.
2 (model tower).
Model 2 is 10.5m wide and could house 30 men, 1 field gun and 2 caronades.
3 (model tower).
Model 3 is 9m wide and could house 18 men (or 12 men and a battery 'guardian') and 2 caronades.
4 (defensive guardhouse).
9m wide, it was built on 2 levels.
5 (defensive guardhouse).
9m wide, it was only built on one level.

</doc>
<doc id="19524953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524953" title="Jewish Military Organization">
Jewish Military Organization

The Jewish Military Organization was an outgrowth of the Betar movement in Nazi-occupied eastern Europe. After Menahem Begin fled to Soviet Union territory, Jewish veterans of the Polish Army and the National Military Organisation networked with Polish military officers to prepare for the insurgency against the Third German Reich. The military background of the organization was a useful attribute in an environment of tyranny and genocide. The Jewish Military Union, a branch of the Jewish Military Organization, was effective at fighting Axis forces in Warsaw, Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="19524960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524960" title="25 Words or Less">
25 Words or Less

25 Words or Less is a party board game where two teams of players take turns bidding words back and forth, until one team allows the other to try to give that number of clues to their team to try getting five words from a card in only one minute. It was first published by Winning Moves Games USA in 1996 and was republished in 2006 as "25 Words or Less: People, Place and Things Edition".
Gameplay.
The game is played by one player from each of the two teams drawing a card (1 between the two of them) and looking at the five words on the card. They then begin bidding words, starting at 25 and working backward, until one player passes. The player who passed then flips the timer and the other player has one minute to give clues to his team to try to get them to guess each of the five words on the card, where each word in the giver's clues counts as one of the words bid. If the Giver manages to get his team to guess all five words, his team keeps the card. If he runs out of time, the card passes to the other team. Two new players from each team then start the next turn of bidding after looking at a new card. The game ends once one team has collected nine cards.

</doc>
<doc id="19524981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524981" title="Doug Sheldon">
Doug Sheldon

Doug Sheldon (born Bernard Bobroff, 1936, Stepney, London) is a former English pop singer, actor, and novelist.
Sheldon was born into a family of carnival businesspeople, and he worked as a barker while receiving training in acting. After completing military service, he landed a role in the 1961 film "The Guns of Navarone" and worked in small theatre productions.He shared a flat in London with three other unknown actors-including Michael Caine and Sean Connery He was discovered by Bunny Lewis while performing onstage, and was quickly offered a recording contract with Decca Records, even though he had no previous experience performing as a singer.
Sheldon's first single was "Book of Love", which did not chart. The follow-up single was a cover of the tune "Runaround Sue", which became a hit record in the UK reaching No. 36 in the charts, although Dion's version soon outstripped it in popularity both in the UK and the United States. His next single, "Your Ma Said You Cried in Your Sleep Last Night", became his highest charting hit at No. 29. Shel Talmy produced the next single, "Lollipops and Roses", which flopped, but with the tune "I Saw Linda Yesterday" he managed to crack the UK Singles Chart for the last time in 1963 at No 36.
After the middle of the decade, Sheldon returned to a career in acting, where he appeared on "Doctor Who" and in "Ryan's Daughter". He also published novels. In 2007, his entire Decca discography was released on CD by Vocalion Records.

</doc>
<doc id="19524996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19524996" title="Grigoriy Andreyev">
Grigoriy Andreyev

Grigoriy Aleksandrovich Andreyev (; born 7 January 1976) is a Russian marathon runner
Biography.
He representing Russia at the 2004 Summer Olympics, the 2008 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Olympics. He was born in Bashkortostan.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19525005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525005" title="Færgekroen">
Færgekroen

Færgekroen is a 1956 Danish film directed by Poul Bang and starring Dirch Passer. 

</doc>
<doc id="19525017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525017" title="Summer Naomi Smart">
Summer Naomi Smart

Summer Naomi Smart (also known under the name Summer Naomi) is an American actress and singer. Smart has won two Joseph Jefferson Awards, one in 2008 and one in 2009.
History.
Smart grew up in Salt Lake City as the youngest of seven girls and began acting while in Junior High School. After graduating from Hillcrest High School in Midvale, Utah, she worked as a musical entertainment performer at Lagoon Park in Farmington, Utah while attending Brigham Young University. Smart graduated from Brigham Young University in 2005 with a BFA in music, dance, and theatre and during her stay there she participated in the university's Young Ambassadors program.

</doc>
<doc id="19525018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525018" title="José Bragança de Miranda">
José Bragança de Miranda

José Augusto Bragança de Miranda, born in Lisbon, 1953 is licentiate in Sociology, with a Ph. D. in Communication, is Professor at the Communications Sciences Department of New University of Lisbon, lecturing in "Political Theory" and "Cultural Criticism." 
Former director of the Department and President of the CECL (Centre for Research on Communication and Languages), and responsible for the "Specialisation in Culture and Communication" at the same department and is editor in chief of the "Review of Communication and Languages" (22 issues). 
He is author of several essays on cultural, political and aesthetical subjects. In 1994 he published a book on "Analytic of Actuality," having in print another book on "Politics and Modernity." His actual research field centers mainly on culture and technology.

</doc>
<doc id="19525105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525105" title="Black reconnaissance">
Black reconnaissance

Black reconnaissance or BRCON is a term describing military deep penetration reconnaissance of a completely covert nature. It is distinct from normal forms of covert recon in that discovery of the action would be so disruptive to relations between two countries that the instigators would be disavowed if caught.
Black reconnaissance and other forms of covert and espionage action.
Black reconnaissance is different from more common terms such as covert ops and other military forms of recon in that covert operations are kept secret to protect the lives of the team conducting the mission. Black recon is kept secret because discovery would lead to political ramifications, and the lives of those conducting the reconnaissance are secondary. In the case that a black recon effort is discovered, the government denies any involvement. For air-related black recon the usual explanation given is equipment failure and drifting off course, while ground based black recon is usually explained away as someone violating orders.
Black reconnaissance is also not a form of espionage, per se. The primary objective of black reconnaissance is to perform a military task, not to engage in any form of non-military intelligence gathering. The fact that such elements are incorporated into the reconnaissance mission is because most times, this will be the only reconnaissance allowed before a military action is taken.
During WW 2, black reconnaissance took on a slightly different meaning, where it indicated a form of recon for a surprise attack that if discovered, meant the attack would have to be redesigned or even abandoned. Many elements incorporated into modern black reconnaissance efforts were pioneered by WW II fighters and ground recon crews.
Types of black reconnaissance.
The earliest black reconnaissance missions were flown during WW II, by all sides of the war. The fastest fighters were stripped of everything except fuel, painted matte black, and flew at night, trying to identify bombing targets, locate fleets, and the like. The USS Ranger was fitted out with special planes just for this purpose, and used them in preparing for Operation TORCH in the Mediterranean.
Most BRCON was traditionally conducted by specially constructed spy planes of the United States against the Soviet Union, using high powered cameras to overfly Soviet airspace to locate the positions of missile silos, and by Soviet planes using MAD or FLIR gear to locate US ballistic missile submarines. This was a back and forth effort on the part of the two superpowers and lead to the development of single-use planes such as the SR-71, the SR-75, and the Soviet Tsybin RSR.
After the end of the Cold War, most black reconnaissance is now of a ground nature, mixing standard reconnaissance objectives such as mapping terrain and identifying targets with HUMINT objectives, political assessments, and designing mission specifications to avoid ambushes. Missions of this nature were run constantly during the Vietnam War, along with other elements of Project Phoenix, operating out of Cambodia and Laos, where they not only acted to scout military objectives but to identify psy-war targets.
Black reconnaissance in media.
Quite a few fiction novels have been written on the topic of black recon and its effects on the world sphere. Authors such as Richard Moran and John Ringo often incorporate both ground-based and air-based black reconnaissance concepts in their books, and movies such as the Bourne series blur the lines between "civilian" intelligence methods and "military" intelligence methods. It appears quite commonly in various conspiracy theories, and is often confused with black intelligence operations from government groups like the CIA.

</doc>
<doc id="19525108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525108" title="Tag til marked i Fjordby">
Tag til marked i Fjordby

Tag til marked i Fjordby is a 1957 Danish comedy film directed by Poul Bang and starring Dirch Passer.

</doc>
<doc id="19525114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525114" title="Karakoram Wildlife Sanctuary">
Karakoram Wildlife Sanctuary

The Karakoram Wildlife Sanctuary is a high altitude wildlife sanctuary located in the easternmost reaches of the Karakoram range in Leh District, Jammu and Kashmir. It is important as one of the few places in India with a migratory population of the Chiru or "Tibetan Antelope". This Wildlife Sanctuary has been extensively surveyed by Prof. Chandra Prakash Kala for distribution of vegetation, including plants of medicinal values, across the environmental gradient and habitat types. 
Biodiversity.
Medicinal Plants.
Being cold desert area, the vegetation in Karakoram Wildlife Sanctuary is quite sparse. However, the ecological marginal conditions have employed some remarkable characteristics in these vegetation, which has high medicinal properties. Fifteen rare and endangered medicinal plant species have been discovered by Prof. C.P. Kala from this sancturay, which are distributed over different habitat types. Arnebia euchroma, Bergenia stracheyi, Ephedra gerardiana, and Hyoscymus niger are the threatened but medicinally important plants occur in this wildlife sanctuary

</doc>
<doc id="19525128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525128" title="Nancy Pfotenhauer">
Nancy Pfotenhauer

Nancy Mitchell Pfotenhauer (born 1963 as Nancy Wadley) is the president of MediaSpeak Strategies. She has been a Senior Policy Advisor and National Spokesperson with the 2008 John McCain presidential campaign and political commentator on Fox News, CNN and MSNBC. She was also former Executive Vice President of Citizens for a Sound Economy (CSE), former President of the Independent Women's Forum, and former President of Americans for Prosperity (originally CSE).
Early career.
She started her career as graduate research assistant to Walter E. Williams at George Mason University, where she was taking an MA in economics. At George Mason, Pfotenhauer studied under Walter Williams, a substitute host on the Rush Limbaugh Show. After graduating from George Mason University, Pfotenhauer became chief economist at the Republican National Committee (1988). She worked for George H. W. Bush's transition team (1988) and then (until 1990) for Sen. William L. Armstrong (R-CO); in 1990 she was appointed chief economist of the President's Council on Competitiveness.
Citizens for a Sound Economy.
In 1995 Pfotenhauer joined Citizens for a Sound Economy as Executive Vice President for Policy. With her then-husband Daniel J. Mitchell, an economist at The Heritage Foundation, she co-hosted the call-in show "Mitchells in the Morning" on National Empowerment Television, run by Heritage Foundation founder Paul Weyrich.
Koch Industries (1996–2001).
From 1996 to 2001, she served as Director of the Washington office for Koch Industries (KII). She built and managed the DC team's lobbying operation, PAC and all legislative and regulatory strategies in addition to jointly running KII's government affairs operations globally. The largest privately held company in the country, KII's interests fell heavily in the energy, environment, transportation and tax fields. She ran multi-million dollar issue campaigns at the federal and state level, using earned and paid media and the most sophisticated message-development tools and grassroots and opinion-leader mobilization techniques.
While working for Koch, she married Gordon Smith's (R-OR) chief of staff Kurt Pfotenhauer, who works as a mortgage-industry lobbyist.
Recent career.
She is the former President and CEO of the Independent Women's Forum (IWF) (2000–2005). She was Vice Chairman of IWF's Board of Directors from 2005 to 2007. In 2002, Pfotenhauer was nominated by President George W. Bush to serve as a delegate to the United Nations' Commission on the Status of Women and served during the 46th session of the Commission. The Bush Administration also appointed her to the National Advisory Committee on Violence Against Women. Additionally, she served on advisory committees reporting directly to Secretary of Labor Elaine Chao and former Secretary of Energy Spencer Abraham.
She was an advisor for the 2008 John McCain presidential campaign. During the campaign she sparked controversy by referring to areas of Virginia outside of Northern Virginia as "real Virginia", picking up on a GOP talking point that Sarah Palin promoted, namely that red states are the "real America" and more "pro-America".
In 2011, Pfotenhauer appeared as a spokeswoman for Koch Industries on FoxNews and other media outlets.
In 2013, Pfotenhauer was a signatory to an amicus curiae brief submitted to the Supreme Court in support of same-sex marriage during the "Hollingsworth v. Perry" case.

</doc>
<doc id="19525129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525129" title="Encore Capital Group">
Encore Capital Group

Encore Capital Group, Inc. purchases portfolios of defaulted consumer receivables from major banks, credit unions, and utility providers, and partners with individuals as they repay their obligations and work toward financial recovery. Headquartered in San Diego, California, Encore is a publicly traded NASDAQ Global Select company and a component stock of both the Russell 2000, the S&P SmallCap 600, and the Wilshire 4500.
History.
Encore Capital Group’s wholly owned operating subsidiary, Midland Credit Management, Inc., was founded in 1953 and was incorporated in Kansas in September 1953. In 1998, an investor group led by Nelson Peltz and Peter May (members of Triarc Companies, Inc. management) and Kerry Packer of Consolidated Press International Holdings Limited, acquired a majority interest in its operations. In 1999, this investor group formed a holding company, MCM Capital Group, Inc., which was later renamed Encore Capital Group, Inc. in April 2002.
The company was incorporated in Delaware in April 1999 as MCM Capital Group, Inc. and changed its name to Encore Capital Group, Inc. in April 2002. The company completed its initial public offering of 2,250,000 shares of common stock in July 1999.
Business.
Encore purchases portfolios of defaulted consumer receivables at deep discounts to face value and uses a variety of operational channels to maximize collections from these portfolios. Encore manages these receivables by partnering with individuals as they repay their obligations and work toward financial recovery. Defaulted receivables are consumers' unpaid financial commitments to credit originators, including banks, credit unions, consumer finance companies, commercial retailers, auto finance companies, and telecommunication companies, and may also include receivables subject to bankruptcy proceedings, or consumer bankruptcy receivables.
In addition, Encore provides bankruptcy support services to some of the companies in the financial services industry through their wholly owned subsidiary, Ascension Capital Group, Inc. ("Ascension"). 
Locations.
Encore Capital Group is based in San Diego, California, which is the Corporate headquarters for its operations.
Additional offices: The company's operations include sites in
The company currently employs about 2,300 people (as of September 30, 2011) across these locations, and additionally possesses a large third-party network of collection agency and litigators that spans the United States.
Leadership Team.
Encore Capital’s management team comprises:
Financials.
In 2011, Encore Capital paid $386.9 million, to purchase $11.7 billion in face value of debt, compared to $362 million, to purchase $10.9 billion in face value of debt in 2010. Of this $386.9 million, $346.3 million was spent on credit card portfolios, $1.6 million on consumer bankruptcy accounts, and $38.9 million on telecom accounts.
The Company's revenue increased 22.5% in 2011 to $467.4 million. Gross collection increased to $761.2 million in 2011, a 26% increase from 2010. Collection sites accounted for $336.0 million, while legal collections accounted for $377.5 million. External collection agency forwarding accounted for $47.7 million in gross collections.
Robo-Signing Controversy.
The case Vassalle v. Midland Funding LLC, 11-3814, U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit (Cincinnati) was held to determine if Encore Capital Group used illegal collection tactics to collect funds from 1.44 million consumers. The suit alleged that Encore's Midland Funding unit's used affidavits approved by staff without personal knowledge of their validity, a process commonly known as "Robo-Signing." A negotiated settlement of $5.2 million was objected to by the FTC, American Association of Retired Persons (AARP), the National Consumer Law Center and 38 U.S. state attorneys general. In February 2013 the settlement was overturned by the 6th circuit court of appeals, who described the final payout of $17.38 per litigant as "perfunctory at best." The court also objected to the negotiated one year injunction on the grounds that Encore's subsidiaries would then be "free to resume its predatory practices." The ruling reversed the decision of Judge David Katz of Toledo and returned the case to him for further proceedings.
Consumer Bill of Rights.
Encore Capital has launched an industry-first Consumer Bill of Rights, a document that codifies the company's commitment to conduct business ethically, engage in respectful and constructive dialogue with consumers, and play a positive role in consumers' financial recovery.
Key tenets of the Bill of Rights include:

</doc>
<doc id="19525136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525136" title="Raymond Ndong Ndong">
Raymond Ndong Ndong

Raymond Victorien Ndong Ndong (born March 23, 1988 in Douala) is a professional Cameroonian footballer who is currently free agent.
Trivia.
He began his career by AS Bebe Douala before later transferred to Cotonsport Garoua. In 2008 he left Cotonsport Garoua.

</doc>
<doc id="19525146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525146" title="Columbia River Shipbuilding Company">
Columbia River Shipbuilding Company

The Columbia River Shipbuilding Company was a small shipyard in Portland, Oregon, United States, located on the west bank of the Willamette River. The shipyard was located at the foot of SW Sheridan Street, just upstream of the Interstate 5 Marquam Bridge.
The owners of Columbia River Shipbuilding were A. F. Smith and J. Frank Watson, who were also owners of the Smith and Watson Iron Works. The shipyard was managed by Charles D. Bowles, who was also associated with J. F. Duthie Shipbuilding of Seattle, Washington. Columbia River Shipbuilding was established in 1918 to build cargo ships for the . The shipyard closed shortly after the end of World War I.
Most of the 32 ships built by the Columbia River Shipbuilding Company were the "West" boats, a series of steel-hulled cargo ships built for the on the West Coast of the United States as part of the World War I war effort. The first ship built at Columbia River Shipbuilding was the cargo ship ; the final ship completed was the cargo ship "West Hassayampa", completed in January 1920.

</doc>
<doc id="19525179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525179" title="Thumb position">
Thumb position

In music performance and education, thumb position, not a traditional position, is a stringed instrument playing technique used to facilitate playing in the upper register of the double bass, cello, and related instruments, such as the electric upright bass. To play passages in this register, the player shifts his or her hand out from behind the neck and curves the hand, using the side of the thumb to press down the string; in effect, the side of the thumb becomes a movable nut (capo).
On double bass.
For the double bass, thumb position is used when playing above high G (on the third ledger line in bass clef notation for the double bass). To play passages in this register, the player shifts his hand out from behind the neck and flattens it out, using the side of the thumb to press down the string. When playing in thumb position, the use of the fourth finger is replaced by the third finger, as the fourth finger becomes too short to produce a reliable tone. Bass instruction books often teach thumb position by having the player place the left-hand thumb on the high G note (on the third leger line in bass clef notation), so that the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd finger can then play the Ab, A, and Bb. Once in this position, other notes can be accessed with slight modifications; the B or C (above the G) can be played by making a larger space between the thumb and the first finger; a player with a large hand may even be able to play a high D with their thumb still holding down the G, if they stretch their hand fully open. 
In this same position, notes below the G can also be played. By barring the thumb across the G and D strings, the G and D notes can be played in quick succession. Alternatively, notes on the D string can be performed in quick alternation with notes on the G string. While traditional methods rarely discuss playing on the A or E string in thumb position, French pedagogue Francois Rabbath (and his disciples such as Paul Ellison) advocate the performance of notes on the A and E strings. While introductory manuals start teaching thumb position by stopping the G string on the high G, any of the notes on the upper part of the fingerboard can be stopped and held by the thumb.
One issue with the use of thumb position is that it is harder to produce vibrato with the thumb than with the fingers, because fingers have much fleshier pads than the side of the thumb. While the difference between the vibrato sound produced by the fingers and the thumb may not be noticeable in a passage of moving notes, if there is a held note which is stopped by the thumb, which is vibrated, the difference may be noticeable. As such, some players use finger substitution to replace the thumb with one of the fingers.
Other bass instruments.
Electric bassists such as Brian Bromberg and Steve Bailey have applied the thumb position technique to their instruments, due to the fact that they share a common tuning. In the jazz world, many bassists from the 1970s onward play both instruments, sometimes with equal proficiency (e.g. Stanley Clarke). The advantage of using thumb position on the bass guitar is that the left hand can cover two octaves or more without shifting position, which facilitates complex passages.
On cello.
With the cello, in the "neck" positions (which use just less than half of the fingerboard, nearest the top of the instrument), the thumb rests on the back of the neck. However, in thumb position, the thumb usually rests alongside the fingers on the string and the side of the thumb is used to play notes, along with the other left-hand fingers. The fingers are normally held curved with each knuckle bent, with the fingertips in contact with the string. If a finger is required on two (or more) strings at once to play perfect fifths (in double stops or chords) it is used flat. In slower, or more expressive playing, the contact point can move slightly away from the nail to the pad of the finger, allowing a fuller vibrato.
The cello thumb position is introduced on the second or half-string harmonic, because of the ease with which this note may be found, the succession of notes from seventh to thumb position being in "a natural sequence and range," and the stretch required to reach seventh position without removing the thumb from the neck. Bylsma attributes the tendency of many composers of the 19th century to prescribe thumb position only on the A string to the fact that they were not string players (in contrast to Boccherini, for example, who routinely used A and D, and also used G).
In thumb position, the, "'standard' finger pattern," between the thumb, first and second fingers, is whole, whole, and half tone. Thus if the thumb is placed on A, the index and middle fingers are placed on B and C.
As with the double bass, one issue with the use of thumb position is that it is harder to produce vibrato with the thumb than with the fingers, because fingers have much fleshier pads than the side of the thumb. Some cellists use finger substitution to replace the thumb with one of the fingers.

</doc>
<doc id="19525195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525195" title="Agatha">
Agatha

Agatha may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19525211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525211" title="Robert Marting">
Robert Marting

Robert Marting is a fitness trainer and spokesperson best known for his fitness training DVD series Great Form Equals Great Results.
Biography.
Robert Marting was born in King County, Seattle, Washington, The son of a Navy pilot, Marting spent time as a child in Thousand Oaks, California before growing up in Colleyville, Texas, a small town in suburban Fort Worth. He first picked up a weight in grade school for various sports and martial arts. In the early days growing up in rural Texas, first utilizing the power of fitness in sport- a passion for the field soon developed. Marting credits fitness for teaching him about patience, commitment and introspection describing it as a "Powerful catalyst for improvement in ourselves and anyone we come in contact with".
An alumnus of Texas Tech University, Marting earned a Bachelor of Science in Exercise and Sport Sciences. Upon graduating in 1996, he started the Personal Training service PrecisionFit in Dallas, Texas. A savvy student of bio-mechanics and physiology, he became a stickler of perfect form and technique with his clientele and often challenged the growing personal training profession for not holding the same standard.
From his time at Texas Tech, Marting had set a goal of getting in good enough shape to make the cover of a major fitness magazine. Moving to Los Angeles in 2002, he achieved that goal appearing on multiple magazine covers including Men's Fitness and Bill Phillips Muscle Media. Wanting to communicate the countless physical and psychological benefits of correct resistance training techniques to a larger audience than just his personal training clientele, he began filming segments that would later become Great Form Equals Great Results. The first volume was completed and distributed worldwide in 2003, with the more advanced volumes 2 and 3 completed in 2007 to form the box-set.
As part the United States Department of Health and Human Services extensive effort to address adult and childhood obesity, the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality invited Marting as a panelist for the development of an interactive DVD to help clinicians, families and children combat the epidemic of childhood obesity.
Marting’s work has been published for continuing medical education CME credits and various physician-targeted journals including Patient Care, Consultant and Internal Medicine News. He considers it an honor to be a part of the nation’s preventative measures against the obesity epidemic stating "Fitness, namely resistance training is finally earning much-deserved credibility and is now being mentioned in the medical community as a "must-do" for our long-term health and quality of life".
Robert Marting is currently involved in many projects to promote health and wellness including childhood obesity programming, e-books and virtual personal training modules- utilizing the power of fitness to be the best we can be.

</doc>
<doc id="19525221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525221" title="List of members of the Senate of Northern Ireland">
List of members of the Senate of Northern Ireland

This is a list of members of the Senate of Northern Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="19525233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525233" title="Ulya River">
Ulya River

Ulya River () is a river in northern Khabarovsk Krai in Russia. The length of the river is 325 km, the area of its drainage basin is 15,500 km². The Ulya originates in the Dzhugdzhur Mountains, flows northeast parallel to the coast and turns east to reach the Sea of Okhotsk about 100km southwest of Okhotsk. It freezes up in late October - early November and remains icebound until May. The first Russian to reach the Pacific Ocean was Ivan Moskvitin who sailed down the Ulya and wintered near its mouth in 1639. Vasili Poyarkov reused his huts in 1646. The Ulya was one of the water routes to and from Okhotsk. From its tributaries either the Lama Portage or the Alachak Portage led to the Mati River which flows north to the Maya River, which leads to the Aldan River and then Lena River to Yakutsk.
References.
James R Gibson, "Feeding the Russian Fur Trade", 1969

</doc>
<doc id="19525243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525243" title="Louis Hasley">
Louis Hasley

Louis Leonard Hasley (November 3, 1906 – May 1986) was an American writer, poet, essayist, editor, and critic. He was also a professor of English at the University of Notre Dame from 1931 to 1973. He was married to the writer Lucile Hasley.

</doc>
<doc id="19525255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525255" title="Daniela Simmons">
Daniela Simmons

Daniela Simmons (sometimes written Daniela Simons) is a singer who represented Switzerland at the Eurovision Song Contest 1986 in Bergen with the song "Pas pour moi". The song finished second behind Belgium's entry. Simmons had made previous attempts to represent Switzerland. In 1983, she came last in the national selection with "Dis moi tout" but took second place in 1985 with "Repars a zero". Simmons made one further Eurovision attempt in 1991 but finished second in the national heat with "Come finira?".

</doc>
<doc id="19525272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525272" title="Kathryn F. Clarenbach">
Kathryn F. Clarenbach

Kathryn F. Clarenbach was an early leader of the modern feminist movement in the United States and the first Chairperson of the National Organization for Women (NOW).
Early life.
Kathryn “Kay” Dorothy Frederick was born in Sparta, Wisconsin on October 7, 1920 to Nina and Alexander Frederick. Her mother, Nina, was very active in the community and was elected to the Sparta school board in the early 1920s. Both of her parents were committed to help their children receive the best education possible. Kay started school at age 2,1/2 taking 1st and 2nd grade in the same year. It was expected that the Frederick children would attend college; their parents agreed to finance all of their children’s educations through a master’s degree.
Clarenbach attended Sparta High School, took part in numerous clubs including German club, "a cappella" choir, orchestra, debate, yearbook, volleyball, basketball, and had the lead part in the senior play.
College.
Clarenbach never took a final exam until 1937 when she got to the University of Wisconsin–Madison, so that experience was entirely new for her. Another new experience for her was the need to study. She had a mixture of study partners from a Supreme Court justice, a local lawyer, and a progressive left-winger. Due to the fact women were not allowed in the Rathskeller (a fact that annoyed her), she and her study partner would meet in the Paul Bunyan Room in the union.
Initially, Clarenbach was undecided as to what her major would be. Her father believed she should prepare for a practical career, such as teaching. However, in 1941 she graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in political science.
Clarenbach worked at a gift shop and sold tickets to make spending money during her college years. She spent her free time working on extracurricular activities. She joined the Alpha Chi Omega sorority and later became the house president in 1941.
Early career.
In 1942, Clarenbach received her masters degree. In order to support the war effort, she took the federal Civil Service Exam and passed. She then moved to Washington D.C. to work as an administrative analyst with the War Production Board for two years. When she moved back to Madison in 1944, she went back to school to get her Ph.D., which she received two years later in 1946. During her graduate studies, she spent her time as a teacher’s assistant. One of her professors introduced her to a fellow student, Henry Clarenbach. On September 5, 1946, Kathryn and Henry Clarenbach were married in Sparta.
After her marriage, Clarenbach was offered teaching jobs at both Purdue University and Bryn Mawr College. She accepted Purdue’s offer to teach Political Science. She enjoyed her experience there but left because she was tired of having a commuting marriage. In 1948 Clarenbach and her husband joined others to work on Henry Wallace’s unsuccessful presidential campaign. During that time, Henry Clarenbach continued to work toward his Ph.D.
Clarenbach then left the work force to raise her three children: Sara (1949); David (1953), who was to become a state legislator; and Janet (1957). During her time as a new mother she was also busy with volunteer work including holding a position on the state board of the Missouri League of Women Voters.
In 1961, when Clarenbach and her family moved back to Madison, Clarenbach took a teaching position at Edgewood College. She also got elected on to the Board of Trustees at Alverno College. She was very energized by the idea of an all-women college and believed strongly in its mission.
Clarenbach's father encouraged his children to appreciate and be curious about the world outside of Sparta. Throughout her life, Clarenbach's career took her all over the United States, including Hawaii (4 times), the Virgin Islands (1977), Cuba (1978), Europe and Canada (3 or 4 times).
Feminism.
In 1962, the focus of Clarenbach’s work became women’s issues when she was asked to devise a program for continuing education for women through the University of Wisconsin–Extension. Clarenbach was worried about finding childcare when she took this job, but her husband rescheduled his real estate work so he could be at home when the children got home from school. She believed strongly in her work and was impressed by the changes she saw in co-workers and those in the program.
During a statewide conference she organized, Clarenbach’s life was changed when the idea of a state-wide Governor's Commission on the Status of Women was unanimously recommended. Governor Reynolds was supportive of the idea and worked to get the commission created. In July 1963, Reynolds asked Clarenbach to lead the planning commission and the first conference. The conference took place in January 1964. After the conference the governor asked Clarenbach to chair the commission and she accepted. During her time as chair she helped change and redefine several laws which were unfair to women, such as those on sexual assault, divorce, and marital property. Clarenbach was chair of the commission for 15 years.
Establishment of NOW.
In 1966 Betty Friedan and Clarenbach set forth to put some pressure on the federal government. The National Organization for Women (NOW), was founded to fit that need. Clarenbach became the first chair of NOW. NOW’s first action was to confront the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission about their sexual discrimination. When they made their point, they received much support. NOW kept growing.
Clarenbach was requested to be the conference coordinator for the first (and only) National Women's Conference in Houston, Texas, which took place during International Women's Year. Clarenbach learned a lot during her tenure as executive director on the International Women’s Year Commission, even though many poor decisions were made during that time due to fear and anxiety from conservative harassment. The conference took place in 1977 and was a success.
Later life.
Clarenbach was proud of all that she has done, but was most proud of starting NOW and the Governor’s Commission on the Status of Women. She was also proud of her work in the field of continuing education for women. Clarenbach was on the steering committee on the National Association of Commissions on the Status of Women and was its first president in 1970. She chaired the National Women's Political Caucus, and was committed to seeing that women got elected to public office. In 1988 she retired from UW–Madison. Clarenbach and some other co-workers have created a film that has been on demand over the nation, "Never Underestimate the Power of Women". She has also edited and published a book, "Green Stubborn Bud : Women's Culture at Century's Close".
Clarenbach believed the women’s movement hasn’t done all it should, especially in educating the younger generation and in getting women elected to public office. But overall, she was proud of its work and progress.
On March 4, 1994, she died due to complications with smoking-related emphysema.

</doc>
<doc id="19525277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525277" title="16 Camelopardalis">
16 Camelopardalis

16 Camelopardalis is a star in double system in the constellation Camelopardalis.

</doc>
<doc id="19525284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525284" title="Medrano Tamen">
Medrano Tamen

Josue Tamen Medrano Ngathie (born March 29, 1986) is a professional Cameroonian footballer who is currently with Nigerian club Sunshine Stars F.C.
Career.
Tamen began his career with PMUC Douala. In 2006 he transferred to Cotonsport Garoua, where he played until 2008.
Tamen was member of the Cameroonian beach soccer team at the 2006 FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19525295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525295" title="Krudt og klunker">
Krudt og klunker

Krudt og klunker is a 1958 Danish comedy film directed by Annelise Hovmand and starring Gunnar Lauring.

</doc>
<doc id="19525303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525303" title="Ingrid Peters">
Ingrid Peters

Ingrid Peters (born April 19, 1954 in Dudweiler, Saarland) is a German singer.
She represented Germany in the Eurovision Song Contest 1986 held in Bergen. Her song, Über die Brücke geh'n, was placed eight. Peters had made previous attempts to represent Germany. In 1979, she performed a song called Du bist nicht frei and in 1983 was runner-up in the national contest with Viva la mamma. Peters was a special guest on the German national contest in 1987 and 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19525306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525306" title="Normandie (album)">
Normandie (album)

Normandie is the debut EP by Danish indie rock band Decorate. Decorate., released on on Tactic Records. The album was promoted by the single "Karen".
The band also released a vinyl edition of "Normandie", which was printed in 500 copies with five different cover designs (100 issues each). The five designs were chosen from a number of different submissions that the band received from fans and friends after the announcement of an LP cover design competition for the vinyl release of the record.
__TOC__
Tracklist.
The vinyl edition additionally contains the following tracks:

</doc>
<doc id="19525312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525312" title="Bob Galasso">
Bob Galasso

Robert Joseph Galasso (born January 13, 1952 in Connellsville, Pennsylvania) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. He pitched in three seasons in the major leagues between and .

</doc>
<doc id="19525319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525319" title="Absolute Zero (film)">
Absolute Zero (film)

Absolute Zero is a 2006 disaster film, directed by Robert Lee, and written by Sarah Watson. It stars Jeff Fahey and Erika Eleniak. The film is about polar shift, which brings a new ice age in Florida, and everywhere within 30 degrees north and south of the equator.
Plot.
David Koch (Jeff Fahey), a climatologist employed by Inter Sci, proposes a theory that the last ice age was triggered by Earth's polar shift in a single day. When unusually cold weather strikes Miami and the birds start to return from the south a few months earlier, he is sent to Antarctica to find out what is happening.
Once there, he discovers a frozen body of a human that is at least 10,000 years old. What is interesting is his appearance—he looks as if he was instantly frozen in place. He also discovers cave paintings that show the sun falling down. A sudden blizzard then destroys a base camp and kills some members of his team.
Back in Miami, he presents his findings to his co-workers and his boss. He claims that another polar shift is only a couple of hours away and the new ice age is inevitable. However, nobody believes him. According to the current theories, the shifting of the poles should last at least 200 years so the climate changes, if any, wouldn't appear overnight. David's one-time love Bryn (Erika Eleniak) supports his theory with numerous stories about the falling sun followed by a darkness and terrible cold.
When the weather in Miami starts getting colder and colder, the evacuation is ordered and the people start to move to the north. David, Bryn, and a group of people miss the chance to escape, and their only hope is to hide in a special room at Inter Sci. In a couple of hours, everything within 30° north and south of the equator turns to absolute zero (–273°C) turning Florida, Mexico, Central America, most of South America and Africa into an ice desert.
They manage to survive although everything is frozen outside the room. When the polar shift is over and the sun appears again, they are rescued.
As a consequence of polar shift, many people die and the world's climate changes completely—Northern Canada and Siberia become hot deserts; Greenland, Iceland, Northern Europe, New York City and State, Alaska, and Antarctica now have a tropical climate.
Filming.
The film was shot in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
Scientific inaccuracies.
The basic premise of the film, that the movement of the Earth's magnetic north and south poles to the middle latitude would cause a massive climatic shift, is only partially true. Although such an event (if it were possible) would result in dramatic effects on global weather patterns, it would not reverse the Earth's climate zones as shown in the film, since climate is governed not just by the Earth's magnetic field, but mainly by altitude and proximity to the poles via the tilt of the Earth's axis, which affords lower latitudes more direct sun rays. Furthermore, the movement of the poles, not the magnetic poles, would move both arctic and temporate regions, but would not necessarily trigger an ice age. It would not cause an ice age localised to Miami, as the film suggests.
The depiction of the Earth's areas that experience a decline in temperature (ultimately to -273°C) is not scientifically accurate. Below -196°C (-320°F), the two dominant gases of Earth's atmosphere (oxygen and nitrogen) would have liquefied and fallen to the surface. Once the temperature dropped below -220°C (-365°F), the liquefied gases would have solidified. Neither of these events occur in the film.
It is impossible to reach absolute zero naturally, nor would a movement of poles induce any reduction in Earth temperatures.
Furthermore, extremely low temperatures at or near absolute zero would almost certainly result in the manifestation of a Bose-Einstein condensate. Essentially, this causes quantum fluctuations to appear on a macroscopic scale. However, no such behavior is observed in the film.

</doc>
<doc id="19525366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525366" title="Jolles">
Jolles

Jolles is a surname and may apply to:

</doc>
<doc id="19525385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525385" title="Hawk Mountain Ranger School">
Hawk Mountain Ranger School

Hawk Mountain Ranger School (HMRS) is a Search and Rescue school operated by the Pennsylvania Wing of the Civil Air Patrol (CAP). The school, located in the foothills of the Blue Mountains, is a National Cadet Special Activity operated by Pennsylvania Wing; it is the only NCSA not operated by National Headquarters CAP (CAPNHQ).
On September 11, 2004, the school was rededicated as the 'Colonel Phillip Neuweiler Ranger Training Facility' in honor of its founder, Colonel Phillip Neuweiler.
Location.
The School is located on of CAP corporate property Kempton, Pennsylvania. The school is on the side of the Blue Mountains, approximately a mile south of the Hawk Mountain Bird Sanctuary. The school's base camp is located in a clearing off of Pine Swamp Road. However, the school's activities make use of several hundred acres of state game land in the surrounding hills, including several sections of the Appalachian Trail and accompanying side trails.
History.
After World War II, Civil Air Patrol shifted its focus away from patrolling sea lanes and anti-submarine warfare to enlarging its Search and Rescue operations. During the early 1950s, Colonel Phillip Neuweiler saw an increasing need for trained rescue teams for use by Civil Air Patrol's Pennsylvania Wing, which he commanded. He sent several teams to Westover AFB to be instructed by Air Force Pararescuemen. The Air Force instructors were so inspired by the dedication, motivation, and quality of the students that they called their students 'Rangers.'
Motivated by the success of the training, Col Neuweiler moved the school to a property he owned in Berks County in 1956. During this time, the school was staffed by both Civil Air Patrol members and USAF personnel. In the early 1960s, a cadet staff training program was implemented, and, combined with expertise of CAP personnel, eventually replaced the need for extensive USAF personnel for training.
By the mid 1970s, several similar schools had appeared elsewhere in Civil Air Patrol. Other nationally recognized CAP Ranger schools were held in the Everglades of Florida, at Black River Mississippi, and in Puerto Rico, and a similar program was Washington Wing's Challenger School. All of these schools were called National Emergency Assistance Training schools, or NEAT schools, by CAPNHQ in 1974, and served as the basis for CAP's emergency services training.
In July 1996, Brigadier General Richard Anderson, the CAP National Commander at the time, visited the Hawk Mountain Ranger School and recognized its lasting contributions, and called it "the Harvard School of Search & Rescue."
In the spring of 2004, the school began a major infrastructure reconstruction. Trees were cleared at the base camp, eight new operation huts were constructed on raised pedestals, new latrines and shower facilities were constructed. A new gravel road was constructed leading up to the memorial gardens and chapel area. The new construction was dedicated on September 11, 2004, and the training area was rededicated as the 'Col. Phillip Neuweiler Memorial Training Center'.
On April 14, 2007, members of HMRS broke ground on a new climbing and rappelling tower. By July 7 the tower was mostly completed, but construction was halted for the duration of the Summer School. After graduation of the 2007 class, work on the tower was resumed, and the tower was completed by August.
More recently, CAP Rangers have been involved in recovery efforts after Hurricane Katrina. 31 CAP Rangers from Pennsylvania Wing alone traveled 28 hours to Pascagoula, Mississippi to aid in relief efforts. Rangers from numerous other wings assisted as well. CAP Rangers went door-to-door ensuring that local residents had the food, water, and medical care they needed.
The Ranger Program.
Advancement through the various Ranger classes or grades requires a student to demonstrate knowledge of or proficiency in certain skills. There are often practical, fitness, and administrative sections.
The Medic Program.
Just as the Ranger Program was started, a need was apparent for medical training. However, for the first seven years of the Ranger program, all medical support was provided by Air Force personnel.
Beginning in 1960, Dr. William E.B. Hall of Allentown, Pennsylvania began providing for most of the health care needs of Pennsylvania Wing CAP, and consequently HMRS as well. As a CAP Lieutenant Colonel, Dr Hall commanded the PA Wing Hospital Squadron 3102, consisting of professional nurses, doctors, and other qualified medical personnel.
In the early 1970s, Lieutenant Don Kliptein recognized that many of the cadets coming to the school already had extensive medical backgrounds, but no ranger experience. In 1971, Lt Kliptein began training Cadets to assist Sq 3102 in providing medical assistance to other cadets. Cadet medics helping injured cadets quickly improved the overall atmosphere of the cadet program, leading to the introduction of the first dedicated medical course in 1973. This new course was structured to tie in directly with the Ranger program. Medic trainees would accompany Ranger trainees during the Field Training Exercise portion of Summer Schools, combining both Ranger experience with Medical training.
Curriculum.
Several Courses are offered at the school. Course durations range from afternoon activities to week and a half long adventures. The school staff prides themselves as being the cheapest of the National Cadet Special Activities offered by the Civil Air Patrol, and goes through tremendous efforts to remain cost-effective.
Summer School.
The Summer School is the largest training session at the school, and is offered in mid-July. The summer school is one of many nationally recognized cadet activity.
Upon arriving at Summer School, cadets are assigned to one of various squadrons. Each squadron has a slightly different curriculum; some are specially tailored to emphasize various areas of search and rescue (such as medical training or high-angle rescues), while others instruct students on a broader base of search and rescue skills.
After a few days at and around the school grounds, the entire school, goes on a multi-day field training exercise (FTX) to put recently learned skills into action. Most training is conducted on the nearby Appalachian Trail, but some training is conducted off-site at fire training facilities or other nearby locations.
Upon returning from the FTX, cadets are administered tests to achieve higher Ranger grades. After testing, squadrons perform skits that dramatize their experiences at Hawk, and a graduation ceremony is held prior to cadet's departures.
Winter School.
Winter School is a cold-weather survival school typically held during the month of February. Students learn through first hand experience how to conduct Search and Rescue in cold-weather environments. Advanced students learn about shelter construction and how to survive in a cold environment with minimal equipment. Two sessions of Winter School are offered: one at Hawk Mountain, and one on the western side of Pennsylvania near Pittsburgh a few weeks later.
Other Schools.
Teams of Rangers compete against each other in a simulated Search and Rescue scenario. During the competition, teams are evaluated on such areas as: individual equipment, team equipment, search procedures, communications, physical fitness, navigation, rescue and evacuation, leadership, fire building, and other search and rescue related skills. Winners of this event typically receive a monetary donation from the school for the purchase of team equipment.
The first aid weekend typically offers courses in First Aid, CPR, and AED use. Graduates are certified by the Red Cross.
Eight staff training weekends are held throughout the spring to train cadets to serve as staff members for schools. Cadets must participate in all eight weekends; the first introductory weekend is often held at Fort Indiantown Gap, while the remaining seven are held "on the mountain." The staff training usually consists of more vigorous physical training and mental testing than is found in the other schools. The reason being to test the staff candidates to their limits.
Navigation weekend is usually held in early September. It was originally created by John McGuire, former commander of CAP Pennsylvania Squadron 109, as the Escape and Evasion program. This weekend instructs students in map reading, navigation, compass use, course plotting, mobility, aeronautical navigation, and team mobility.
This course, offered simultaneously with the Navigation weekend, instructs aircrew in the topics of survivability, aircraft survival kits, shelter building, signaling, water procurement, fire building, and the mental aspects associated with survival.
ES weekend, held in the mid Spring, is an introductory course to the fundamentals of Emergency Services. Students learn a variety of skills, including: types of searches, search lines procedures, basic map and compass skills, litter and stokes tie-in and carries, operation of radio direction finder equipment, equipment needed for basic search & rescue, land navigation, basic health and medical skills, and knots.
This 12-Hour adventure race is held annually in honor of a former staff cadet. Krista Greisacker had spent many years training and instructing at HMRS in the 1980s. The race encompasses orienteering, cycling, mountain biking, canoeing, and rappelling. Proceeds from this race are donated to improving the facilities at HMRS.
Hawk Mountain Distance Learning Center.
In an effort to rekindle interests in the Ranger program, several staff members from HMRS started the 'Hawk Mountain Distance Learning Center'(HMDLC). The HMDLC would send instructors and materials to other states interested in starting a school, and would provide logistical support to get the school running.
The first such expedition was to the Snake Creek Ranger Training Area in Miramar, Florida in 2004.
In 2005, HMRS re-introduced a Staff Training squadron during their summer school to allows returning members from distant states the opportunity to become Ranger Staff.
Physical Fitness.
Hawk Mountain Ranger School is physically demanding. Students are expected to carry both individual and team equipment on multiple treks through the backcountry. As such, the school offers various programs designed to prepare cadets for the rigors of the school.
Obstacle Course.
Adjacent the parade field is an obstacle course that is maintained by the school. Daily inspections of the course ensures the course is prepared well before cadets begin traversing the course.
Three Ball Soccer.
A traditional Physical Training event at the school is Three Ball Soccer. Played in the parade field, this variation of the game Soccer pits one team against another, with three balls in play simultaneously. Teams are allowed to field as many players as they are able. Games are officiated by Ranger Staff, who may join either team at their own discretion.
Squadron Runs.
As an alternative to Three Ball Soccer, squadrons occasionally run up and down Pine Swamp Road. Cadets are encouraged to call jodies they may know as well as create some of their own.
Ranger Staff.
The 2008 HMRS Ranger Staff Handbook defines Ranger Staff as being: 
The Ranger Staff Motto is "We Lead."
History of the Ranger Staff.
As the Ranger Program expanded and gained national recognition in the late 1950s, leaders of the program saw an increasing need for more staff members to oversee the program. Especially few were cadet leaders capable of instructing other cadets.
In 1960, Lieutenant Colonel John Weaver developed a program to train cadets as Ranger Staff at Hawk Mountain Ranger School (HMRS). At the time, Lt Col Weaver was commander of Pennsylvania Wing's Ranger program, and appointed Major John McNabb to oversee the new cadet staff program.
As the Ranger program matured, it also expanded well beyond the boundaries of Pennsylvania. As students from other states attended HMRS, they took home the knowledge and pride they earned. Inspired by several cadets, Major Fred Graham of the Florida Wing began a Ranger Staff Training Program in the Everglades. Staff Cadets from Florida served alongside Pennsylvania Wing Staff members at HMRS, as well as at the Ranger School in Black River, Mississippi.
Staff training.
Ranger Staff training typically occurs over eight weekends from early Spring through early summer. Each weekend focuses on a different area of staff expertise, such as 'survival weekend' or 'ropes weekend.'
Staff training is typically broken into two groups. New staff trainees train together to familiarize themselves with what is expected of a Ranger Staff Member, while returning staff members typically focus on enchaning their leadership abilities and knowledge of the various Ranger disciplines.
In the Summer of 2005, Hawk Mountain Ranger School began offering a summer course to train cadets to be Ranger Staff. This course compresses the entire 8 weekend traditional course into approximately 9 days, conducted simultaneously with the school's other summer courses. This course is offered to further promote the CAP Ranger program beyond Pennsylvania.
Staff distinctions.
Staff personnel at Ranger schools wear distinctive uniforms. While Ranger trainees wear BDUs with brown T-shirts underneath, Ranger Staff wear orange t-shirts under their BDU's. Master Medics may wear red T-shirts and Expert Rangers may wear black T-shirts. Staff members also wear pistol belts and they wear military bib scarves whenever on base and the overblouse is also worn.
Military Bib Scarves.
Scarves comply with US military specifications. They are worn around the neck and are tucked into the BDU blouse. When blouses are removed due to high temperatures, scarves are also removed.
Pistol belts.
Staff Members wear a pistol belt at all times. Despite their name, no pistol is worn on the belt, nor is other equipment.
Ranger Schools.
Several Schools have been created solely for the purpose of training CAP Rangers. Those that still operate today are:
Schools that have closed are:
HMRS Ranger Tapes.
The Ranger Tapes are a series of military style badges of the School. The tapes signify qualification as a Ranger. Various levels of the award exist, one for each grade of HMRS Ranger, the highest grade being that of Expert Ranger. Those successfully graduating from Hawk Mountain Ranger Schools are presented with the Ranger Tape equivalent to the grade of award they have earned. The tape is worn above the left breast pocket. The award is only worn on field uniforms (such as the Battle Dress Uniform). This award is not authorized for wear on any United States military uniform.

</doc>
<doc id="19525395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525395" title="Barbari Roma Nord">
Barbari Roma Nord

Barbari Roma Nord (their nickname meaning "barbarians") are an american football team from Rome, Italy. Currently, they compete in the A2 LENAF Championship, the second level of american football championship system in Italy. 
The team practices in the Ernesto Dezi sports center, and has won three national awards.
History.
Foundation.
A. S. Roma Nord Barbari A. F. T. was created in 1999 through the efforts of Manuel Schollmeier and Daniele Napoli after their extensive experiences in this sport practiced in Rome. Founded at the end of the past millennium, this American Football team introduces in the Italian capital a new mental approach in practicing football, extrapolated by the deepest and purest roots of this sport. By proposing and implementing an efficiently strict standard, BARBARI also foster a strong relationship between staff and players. They thus create their own particular style, on which coach and player Manuel Schollmeier (after a broad experience of teaching to younger players) bases the team’s setting and philosophy. This very philosophy emphasizes passion, sacrifice, honor, humility, discipline, seriousness, and loyalty. 
As a matter of fact, here is how he describes the motivation which brought to the eventual creation of the team: ""The team’s creation, longed for by both Daniele Napoli and myself, served as an appeal to all those veterans who have shown in the past to be akin to our mentality, and to profess therefore to future generations a football made of physical contact, violent battles, extreme suffering, of intensity, victories, and even ...of defeats"".[http://www.barbariromanord.com/29_12_1999/]

</doc>
<doc id="19525405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525405" title="Areg">
Areg

Areg (Armenian: ) is a common Armenian male given name, meaning "sun" in Armenian. See Wiktionary article on Areg for more. It is also said to have been the name of the God of the Sun in the Armenian Pantheon before the influence of Zoroastrianism and the Greek Pantheon.

</doc>
<doc id="19525410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525410" title="Mount Olivet Cemetery (Milwaukee)">
Mount Olivet Cemetery (Milwaukee)

Established by the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Milwaukee in 1907, Mt. Olivet Cemetery has served the south side community of Milwaukee, Wisconsin for over 100 years. The property holds over 27,000 in-ground burials in traditional graves and above-ground entombments and inurnments in crypts and niches.
In 2006 a mausoleum expansion project of over 2,000 new crypts and over 600 niches was announced and sales commenced.
The cemetery is located at 3801 West Morgan Avenue and is one of seven cemeteries in the Archdiocese of Milwaukee Catholic Cemeteries (AOMCC) System.

</doc>
<doc id="19525446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525446" title="Happy Together (1989 Hong Kong film)">
Happy Together (1989 Hong Kong film)

Happy Together (相見好) is a 1989 Hong Kong film.

</doc>
<doc id="19525452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525452" title="Pigen og vandpytten">
Pigen og vandpytten

Pigen og vandpytten is a 1958 Danish family film directed by Bent Christensen and starring Lily Broberg. 

</doc>
<doc id="19525457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525457" title="The Wendy's Company">
The Wendy's Company

The Wendy's Company is a holding company for the major fast food chain, Wendy's. Its headquarters are in Dublin, Ohio. The company formerly was known as Deisel-Wemmer Co. (1884–1929), Deisel-Wemmer-Gilbert Corporation (1929–1946), DWG Cigar Corporation (1946–1966), DWG Corporation (1966–1993), Triarc Companies, Inc. (1993–2008) and Wendy's/Arby's Group, Inc. (2008–2011).
The company's principal subsidiary, Wendy's International, is the franchisor of Wendy's restaurants. The company is also a franchisor of T.J. Cinnamons and the Pasta Connection, owns 243 T.J. Cinnamons outlets and 6 Pasta Connection outlets and is a minority owner (18.5%) of the Arby's fast food roast beef sandwich chain.
History.
DWG years.
The New York Stock Exchange delisted DWG in 1965 after an attempt at purchasing Allegheny Pepsi bottling company failed. DWG, thus free from NYSE reporting requirements, sold their remaining cigar operations or closed them in 1966. Renamed as DWG Corporation, DWG used its cash from the cigar operation sale to purchase a 12% share of the National Propane Corporation. Security Management Company, headed by Victor Posner, a major investor in DWG saw potential with the company as it was bold to sell its main operation. Posner saw it as a good takeover vehicle and became the controlling interest of DWG.
Posner usually placed himself as chairman of the board and president of each company that his Security Management Company subsidiaries, DWG or NVF, a vulcanized fiber manufacturer that controls the other half of Posner's companies. So while collecting reasonable compensation at each company, Posner's overall compensation surpassed major corporation executive pay like General Motors. NVF controlled Sharon Steel Corporation, one of the country's largest specialty steel manufacturers, which led to legal trouble. Posner sat on Sharon Steel's pension trustee board and directed the pension board to invest in Posner-owned properties. In 1971 the SEC sued, after which Posner then agreed not to sit on any pension board for any of his companies. Posner basically let those companies that could get by with minimum maintenance and nothing more do just that. With the run of acquisitions from 1982 and 1985, DWG faced heavy debt. Posner approached one of his backers, Carl Lindner, Jr., for assistance. Instead in 1986, Lindner's American Financial Corporation had acquired warrants for more than 30 percent of DWG's shares. Linder backed down from exercising the warrants but forced Posner to reduce his pay from DWG. Posner also started selling off DWG assets: Foxcroft and Enro shirt groups and the citrus operation. A deal for Royal Crown fell through.
An investor that Posner contacted to help get Sharon Steel out of bankruptcy, indicated that his lawyer, Andrew Heine, might want to buy Fischbach Corp. Just short of Fischbach being sold, Heine's Granada Investments Company made a bid for all of DWG at $22 per share. Posner converted all DWG options into voting shares but was unable to vote them due to an Ohio judge's order. Granada sued Posner for not taking the bid serious and Posner sued back stating the bid had no merit. Posner lost the case in 1991 and was forced to pay $5.5 million to Granada. Further more, the judge noting other investigations in illegal stock trading in the Fischbach acquisition and of Posner's compensation added three court-appointed directors to DWG's board as audit, compensation, and intercorporate transactions committees.
Posner stopped the appointed directors from presenting their report to the full board forcing Judge Lambros to convert 50% of Security Management Company ownership in DWG to preferred shares and to sell the remaining common stock. Posner resigned as chair of DWG in 1992 and sold his shares to Trian Group, a New York-based investment partnership led by Nelson Peltz and Peter May. Shareholders agreed to drop their longstanding lawsuits claiming that DWG was raided and stripped.
Triarc.
In 1993, DWG's name was changed to Triarc Companies, Inc. Peltz served as CEO of the company from 1993 through 2007, during which time the company sold several holdings in order to focus on food and beverage operations after initially deciding on focusing on soft drinks, fast food, textiles, and liquefied petroleum gas.
Triarc in August 1995 purchased Mistic Brands, Inc. from Joseph Victori Wines, Inc. for $97 million, adding to its beverage holdings of Royal Crown Cola, and turned Mistic Brands around with the addition of new products. Triarc sold off its textiles by 1997.
In 1997, Triarc acquired Snapple Beverages from Quaker Oats, which had bought the company from leveraged buyout firm Thomas H. Lee Partners in 1994 for $1.7 billion. Quaker discontinued the Wendy the Snapple Lady (Wendy Kaufman) advertisements and sold Snapple to Triarc for $300 million in 1994. Triarc reintroduced Wendy the Snapple Lady. Cable Car Beverage Corporation, maker of Stewart's Root Beer and other flavors, was purchased by Triarc in November 1997.
National Propane Corporation was sold in 1999.
Snapple, Mistic, and Stewart's (formerly Cable Car Beverage) was sold by the company to Cadbury Schweppes in 2000 for $1.45 billion In October of that same year, Cadbury Schweppes purchased Royal Crown from Triarc.
Wendy's/Arby's.
On April 24, 2008, Triarc announced the acquisition of Wendy's, the international fast food company. The transaction was part of the company's strategy to transition from a holding company for varied businesses into a true food and beverage company. The purchase was finalized on September 15, 2008, when shareholders of both Triarc and Wendy's agreed to the terms. As part of the terms, the name was changed to Wendy's/Arby's Group, Inc.
The Wendy's Company.
In January 2011, the group announced it was divesting itself of the Arby's chain which had seen lackluster sales growth since the acquisition of Wendy's in 2008. It was officially announced the companies had split on January 21, 2011. On June 13, 2011, Wendy's/Arby's Group Inc. announced that it would sell the majority of its Arby's chain to Roark Capital Group, maintaining an 18.5% stake in the company. On August 2011, The Wendy's Company announced it would move its corporate headquarters from Sandy Springs, Georgia to their Dublin Restaurant Support Center (Wendy's International's headquarters) in Dublin, Ohio. This resulted in 50 jobs being moved to Ohio. On December 1, 2011, the company announced they will close the Atlanta Restaurant Support Center in Sandy Springs and consolidate all headquarters operations to the Dublin Restaurant Support Center in Ohio. This will result in an additional 170 jobs being moved from Sandy Springs to Dublin.

</doc>
<doc id="19525465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525465" title="Christina Liebherr">
Christina Liebherr

Christina Liebherr (born 16 March 1979) is a Swiss equestrian who competes in the sport of show jumping.
She won the bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics in team jumping following the disqualification of Norwegian rider Tony André Hansen.
Career.
Christina Liebherr began riding at the age of nine. From December 1995 till August 2011 she was trained by German Rider Susanne Behring. 
She was selected for the 2008 Summer Olympics where she rode "LB No Mercy" and won the bronze medal in team jumping following the disqualification of Norwegian rider Tony André Hansen.
Personal Life.
Her grandfather is the founder of the Liebherr Group.
Horses.
current:
former show horses:

</doc>
<doc id="19525484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525484" title="National Private Truck Council">
National Private Truck Council

National Private Truck Council (NPTC) is a national trade association in the United States which represents private motor carrier fleets.
Headquartered in Arlington, Virginia, the National Private Truck Council (NPTC) is the national trade association dedicated exclusively to representing private motor carrier fleets. These corporate or "private" truck fleets are operated by manufacturers, distributors, processors, and retailers to meet their inbound and outbound transportation needs. Such fleets also include food, retail, wholesale, construction and service companies.
Private motor carrier fleets account for approximately 82 percent of the medium and heavy-duty trucks registered in the United States; travel approximately 53 percent of all the U.S. miles traveled for medium and heavy-duty trucks; and consist of slightly more than two million vehicles. Consequently, private fleets comprise the largest segment of the trucking industry.
History.
The Association was founded in 1939 as an independent organization initially named the "National Council of Private Motor Truck Operators" after attempts during the 1930s to organize a special private truck conference of the American Trucking Associations (ATA) failed. In 1947, the ATA created a competing organization called "The Private Carrier Conference (PCC)" and it became the largest affiliate of the ATA. In 1953 the National Council of Private Motor Truck Operators changed its name to the "Private Truck Council of America" (PTCA). For over forty years, the PCC and the PTCA operated separately as competitors representing the private fleet trucking industry in Washington, D.C.
In 1987, the PCC disaffiliated with the ATA and renamed itself the "National Private Trucking Association" (NPTA). In 1988, the NPTA and the PTCA voted to merge the two organizations into one. A year later, in 1989, as a result of this merger, the National Private Truck Council was chartered in the Commonwealth of Virginia. Since its inception, NPTC has been an independent national trade association unaffiliated with any other organization in the trucking industry.
In 1992, NPTC formed the Institute for Truck Transportation Management (ITTM), a non-profit charitable and educational corporation operating as a subsidiary of NPTC. The NPTC Institute provides training and certification services for the private fleet industry and oversees the Certified Transportation Professional (CTP®) program which is the only national certification credential for private fleet managers in the United States.
NPTC represents a broad cross-section of America's Fortune 500 elites such was Wal-Mart, ConAgra, Sysco, Kraft, Linde, General Mills, Nestle, Schwans, Pepsi, Bridgestone, Batesville, Frito-Lay, and hundreds of other manufacturers, distributors, retailers and public service agencies, as well as hundreds of medium to small companies of all kinds with private fleets.
NPTC celebrated its combined 70th Anniversary at the Annual Education Management Conference and Exhibition in Nashville, May 3–5, 2009.
Industry Profile.
Private motor carrier fleets are operated by a cross-section of American manufacturers, distributors, processors, and retailers to meet their inbound and outbound transportation needs. Such truck fleets also include food, retail, wholesale, construction and service companies. These companies range in size from family-owned small businesses and town utility fleets to Fortune 500 global conglomerates.
Wal-Mart Stores, ExxonMobil, Bridgestone Firestone, Kraft Foods, Georgia-Pacific, Frito-Lay, Toys "R" Us, Food Lion, Praxair, Sysco and AutoZone are just a few of the thousands of companies operating their own fleet of trucks in support of their principal, non-transportation line of business.
Private fleets account for approximately 82 percent of the medium and heavy-duty trucks registered in the United States; travel approximately 53 percent of all the U.S. miles traveled for medium and heavy-duty trucks; and consist of more than two million vehicles. Consequently, private fleets comprise the largest segment of the trucking industry.
Private trucking hauls an estimated 4.45 billion tons of freight per year with a value of commodities shipped at $2.4 trillion. In total, private carriers transport 56 percent of all truck tonnage. They generate about 308 billion ton-miles of transportation having an overall average length of haul of 51 miles. (Source: Census Bureau, 1993-1997 Commodity Flow Survey)
Major commodities hauled by private fleets include petroleum, stone and concrete, wood and paper, beverages, grain mill products, chemicals, food and dairy products, construction materials, finished goods and many, many more.
The NPTC is located at 950 N. Glebe Road, Suite 530, Arlington, VA 22203. Phone is (703)683-1300 and fax is (703)683-1217. Visit NPTC online at www.nptc.org.

</doc>
<doc id="19525490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525490" title="Areg (disambiguation)">
Areg (disambiguation)

Areg may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19525497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525497" title="Laurelbank Public School">
Laurelbank Public School

Laurelbank Public School is an English-medium high school started by Dr. Mrs. Salma Mian in 1988 to serve the district of Baghbanpura in Lahore, Pakistan.
Organization.
The school has five main divisions:
Campus.
It has four campuses; two on GT Road, one in Darogawala and another in Alhamra Town and a fifth one is being planned with the name of "Thhandi Baan Campus AJK Nikyal" by the senior adviser of management committee Mr. Dilshad Hussain Shah M.Phil English Scholar Former SS Bright Way Foundation School & Academy Umer Road IslamPura Lahore.

</doc>
<doc id="19525515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525515" title="Basket of Wild Flowers">
Basket of Wild Flowers

The Basket of Wild Flowers egg (or the Basket of Flowers Egg) is a jewelled enameled Easter egg made under the supervision of the Russian jeweller Peter Carl Fabergé in 1901. The egg was made for Nicholas II of Russia, who presented it to his wife, the Empress Alexandra Feodorovna.
History.
The egg is designed as a basket of wild flowers, with the date of manufacture displayed in diamonds.
In 1933 the egg was sold by the Antikvariat (a Soviet institution) probably to Emanuel Snowman of London antique dealers Wartski, and it was acquired by Mary of Teck, and inherited by Queen Elizabeth II in 1953. It remains in the Royal Collection.

</doc>
<doc id="19525518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525518" title="Sector clock">
Sector clock

A Sector clock or colour change clock was a round colour-coded clock used at military airfields and observation posts in the United Kingdom to help track the movements of enemy aircraft and control friendly aircraft.
History.
Originally known as "colour change clocks", they were introduced during the First World War by the Royal Flying Corps in 1917 to monitor the movements of German aircraft. Later, during the Second World War they played a significant role in the Battle of Britain and continued to be used by the Royal Air Force and Royal Observer Corps (ROC) as simple clocks and keepsakes, until the end of the Cold War period. These clocks are now sought after by collectors of aeronautica.
There were two versions of the clock issued, either for RAF Sector use or for the ROC. The RAF Sector Clock has an old style "King's Crown" RAF Warrant Officer's insignia under the "24" at top centre. The ROC clock has a plain face with no insignia.
Clocks were either electrical or mechanical. Electric clocks usually have the coloured segments pointing inwards, mechanical clocks have the segments pointing outwards.
The United States Army Air Force (USAAF) also adopted the RAF sector clock with a coloured block pattern rather than triangles.
Function.
The Sector Clock was a fundamental part of Ground-controlled interception before modern computerized systems were put in place for airspace control. The clock face is marked with five-minute red, yellow and blue triangular segments. It has an outer 12 hour ring and an inner 24 hour dial.
Aircraft position was recorded along with the colour of the triangle beneath the minute hand at the time of sighting. This was reported to sector headquarters, where counters of the relayed colour were used to represent each air raid on a large table with a map of the UK overlaid with a British Modified Grid. As the plots of the raiding aircraft moved, the counters were pushed across the map by magnetic "rakes". This system enabled "Fighter Controllers" to see very quickly where each formation was heading and allowed an estimate to be made of possible targets. The age of the information was readily apparent from the colour of the counter. Because of the simplicity of the system, decisions could be made quickly and easily.

</doc>
<doc id="19525534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525534" title="Jotham P. Allds">
Jotham P. Allds

Jotham Powers Allds (February 1, 1865, Claremont, Sullivan County, New Hampshire – September 11, 1923, Norwich, Chenango County, New York) was an American lawyer and politician from New York. He was briefly President pro tempore of the New York State Senate in 1910.
Life.
He was the son of Jotham G. Allds and Lucy Charlotte (Powers) Allds. He graduated A.B. from Colgate University in 1883. He was admitted to the bar in 1886, and commenced practice in Norwich, N.Y.
He was a member of the New York State Assembly (Chenango Co.) in 1896, 1897, 1898, 1899, 1900, 1901 and 1902; and was Majority Leader from 1899 to 1902. 
He was a member of the New York State Senate from 1903 to 1910, sitting in the 126th, 127th, 128th, 129th (all four 26th D.), 130th, 131st (both 27th D.), 132nd and 133rd New York State Legislatures (both 37th D.). He was an alternate delegate to the 1908 Republican National Convention.
Bribery scandal.
After the death of President pro tem John Raines near the end of the previous year, it became necessary for the Republican majority to elect a successor. The majority of the Republican state senators met in caucus on January 4, 1910, and chose Allds who was supported by the Republican party machine. Seven state senators, allied with reform governor Charles Evans Hughes and objecting to Allds, met separately at the Ten Eyck Hotel in Albany, New York. At this meeting, State Senator Benn Conger told his fellow senators that he had paid Allds a bribe of $1000 in 1901, when both had been assemblymen and Allds was the Majority Leader of the State Assembly, to kill a bill objected to by bridge construction companies in which Conger was interested. On January 5, Allds was chosen President pro tempore and Majority Leader of the State Senate. Shortly afterwards the Conger's statement about the bribe was leaked to the press, but Conger then denied having paid the bribe himself. On January 20, the State Senate appointed a Committee on Plan and Scope (three senators: Brackett, Grady and Meade) to decide on how to proceed. The committee decided to investigate only this one charge and hear testimony before the full senate. On January 30, Conger filed the accusation before the State Senate, stating that Allds had "demanded, received and accepted $1,000 on or about April 23, 1901, in consideration for his failure to pass a certain bill then pending before the Assembly." On February 3, Allds answered the accusation with a denial. Hiram G. Moe testified before the State Senate on February 8 and 9 that he had handed over the envelope containing the money. On February 23, Allds resigned the Presidency pro tempore, and on March 11 George H. Cobb was chosen to succeed. On March 29, the State Senate found Allds guilty by a vote of 40 to 9, but Allds had resigned just before the begin of the session to avoid expulsion. On April 4, Conger also resigned his seat, and retired from politics. Allds died of liver disease at Norwich Memorial Hospital in Norwich, N.Y., in 1923.

</doc>
<doc id="19525557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525557" title="Nellie Leland School">
Nellie Leland School

The Nellie Leland School is a school building, originally built to serve handicapped children, located at 1395 Antietam Avenue in Detroit, Michigan (the former location of the Detroit Barracks, where Lieutenant Ulysses S. Grant served from 1849 - 1851). It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002. The building has been renovated into loft space.
History.
Henry M. Leland was a Detroit automotive pioneer who founded both the Cadillac and Lincoln automotive companies. His wife, Nellie Leland, was active in the philanthropic community, focusing on the hardships of poor citizens with tuberculosis and promoting the scientific search for a cure. Nellie Leland died in 1910, but two years later, Henry built an open air school to serve children in the early stages of tuberculosis, naming the structure after his wife.
At the time, there was no requirement for school systems to adapt to the needs of handicapped children. Leland encouraged Detroit school officials to build a school to serve the special needs of physically handicapped children, and in 1917 the Detroit School Board built the current structure at a cost of $111,495, transferring the name, Nellie Leland, from the earlier school. The Nellie Leland School contained innovative structural features that allowed handicapped children to learn, including such things as wheelchair ramps. The school proved popular, and in 1920, an addition was constructed to accommodate children awaiting admission; an elevator was added at the same time.
The Detroit school board operated the Leland school until 1981, when it was sold to a developer. In the mid-1990s, it was planned to use the building as a charter school, but it has instead been turned into loft space.

</doc>
<doc id="19525577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525577" title="Manuel Mantilla">
Manuel Mantilla

Manuel Mantilla (born September 25, 1973) is an amateur boxer from Cuba, who represented his native country in the Men's Flyweight (– 51 kg) category at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia. 
There he was stopped in the quarterfinals by Thailand's eventual gold medalist Wijan Ponlid. Mantilla won several medals in the same weight division on the continental level in the 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="19525586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525586" title="76th Air Division">
76th Air Division

The 76th Airlift Division (76th AD) is an inactive United States Air Force organization. Its last assignment was with Military Airlift Command, assigned to Twenty-First Air Force, being stationed at Andrews Air Force Base, Maryland. It was inactivated on 1 October 1985.
History.
Operational history.
In 1976 1977, and after 1980, the 76th provided airlift support for the President, Vice President, cabinet members, and other high ranking civilian and military dignitaries of the United States and other governments. Subordinate units also operated, administered and maintained Andrews AFB, Maryland, and provided logistical support for the National Emergency Airborne Command Post (NEACP), and other flying units. One component, the 1st Helicopter Squadron, provided support for the Department of Defense (DOD), and the Defense Preparedness Agency plan for emergency evacuation of key government officials and to support the national search and rescue plan.

</doc>
<doc id="19525611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525611" title="HD 90089">
HD 90089

HD 90089 is a variable star in the constellation Camelopardalis.

</doc>
<doc id="19525633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525633" title="Shirase Nobu">
Shirase Nobu

Shirase and his men were the first humans to make a landfall on the Edward VII Peninsula. The Shirase party were feted as heroes on their return to Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="19525640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525640" title="Bernera, Lismore">
Bernera, Lismore

Bernera Island () is a tidal island off Lismore, in Argyll, Scotland.
History.
In the 6th Century, Bernera was settled by monks of the Irish Culdee church under the leadership of St. Moluag. St. Columba used the island as a private place for retreat, meditation and prayer, and may have preached under (and possibly planted) a vast yew tree. It is reported that the wood was turned into a staircase for Lochnell Castle at Ardmenhuis and survived at least two fires, which burned down the rest of the building.
The island has the remains of an ancient chapel and burial ground.
Natural History.
The island is limestone and this reflected in the diversity of species found on the island.
Bernera Island is designated a Site of Special Scientific Interest on the basis of its feature of limestone maritime cliffs along with the presence of the nationally scarce rock whitebeam.
The common seal is a regular visitor to the coastal strip between the high and low water marks. This littoral zone forms part of the "Eileanan agus Sgeirean Lios mòr" Special Area of Conservation along with the nearby islets of Eilean na Cloich and Eilean Dubh in the Lynn of Lorn to the east and Dubh Sgeir and Eilean Gainimh in the Lynn of Morvern to the west.

</doc>
<doc id="19525680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525680" title="Communauté d'agglomération Havraise">
Communauté d'agglomération Havraise

The Communauté d'agglomération Havraise was created in January, 2001 and is located in the Seine-Maritime "département" of the Haute-Normandie region of northern France.
Participants.
The communauté comprises the following 17 communes:

</doc>
<doc id="19525688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525688" title="Office of the Minister of State for Administrative Reform (Lebanon)">
Office of the Minister of State for Administrative Reform (Lebanon)

The Lebanese Office of the Minister of State for Administrative Reform () was created in May and December 1994 in order to provide solutions and reform for a deficient post-civil war public administration.
The ministry consists of four units:

</doc>
<doc id="19525699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525699" title="Steel Dynamics">
Steel Dynamics

Steel Dynamics, Inc. (SDI) is a steel producer based in Fort Wayne, Indiana and the fifth largest producer of carbon steel products in United States. Over sixty percent of the company’s steel shipments are flat-rolled sheet steel and the remainder is "long products" (bars and beams) and fabricated products. SDI is among the most profitable American steel companies in terms of profit margins and operating profit per ton.
SDI was founded in 1993 and began production at its Butler, Indiana, Flat Roll Mill in 1996. The Flat Roll Division’s finishing facilities at Butler and at Jeffersonville, Indiana, produce pickled, cold-rolled, galvanized, and painted flat-roll steel.
In 2007 SDI acquired The Techs, three galvanizing plants in Pittsburgh that coat flat-rolled steel.

</doc>
<doc id="19525701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525701" title="Mohinder Singh Randhawa">
Mohinder Singh Randhawa

Mohinder Singh Randhawa (February 2, 1909 – March 3, 1988), known as M. S. Randhawa, was a Punjabi civil servant. He played major roles in the Green Revolution in India, resettling Punjabis uprooted by Partition, establishing the city of Chandigarh and documenting the arts of Punjab.
Biography.
Early life and education.
M. S. Randhawa was born February 2, 1909 at Zira, Ferozepur district, Punjab, India to an affluent Sikh family, S. Sher Singh Randhawa and Shrimati Bachint Kaur.Dr Randhawa’s native village was Bodlan in Hoshiarpur district, though he was born at Zira (now in district Muktsar). He did his matriculation from Khalsa High School Muktsar in 1924 and his F.Sc., B.Sc. (Hons.), and M.Sc. (Hons.) in 1926, 1929 and 1930 respectively from Lahore. In 1955, he was awarded a Doctorate in Science by the University of the Punjab for his work on algae, especially on "Zygnemataceae". 
Career.
Randhawa joined the Indian Civil Service in 1934, then served in various capacities at Saharanpur, Fyzabad, Almora, Allahabad, Agra, and Rai Barelli until 1945, when he became secretary of the Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR) for a year. He was associated with the ICAR through its initial years and made huge contributions to this pioneering organisation which was responsible for the Green Revolution in India. 
In 1946, he was appointed as the Deputy Commissioner of Delhi, when India was on the eve of independence. In 1947 he was in charge of the entire function where Jawaharlal Nehru delivered his famous Tryst with Destiny speech. As the Deputy Commissioner, he helped persons uprooted by the Partition of India resettle, and then in 1949 he was sent as the Additional Director-General (Rehabilitation) and subsequently made the Director-General (Rehabilitation), Punjab. Dr. Randhawa then went to Ambala Division in Punjab as the Commissioner. He was brought back to the task of rehabilitating people in 1953 as the Development Commissioner and Commissioner Rehabilitation and Custodian, Evacuee Property, Punjab. During this time he was in charge of allotting land to those who had left behind lands in Pakistan and allotting land to them in Indian Punjab.
In 1955 he was made the Vice-President of the Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR) and Additional Secretary to Government of India, Ministry of Food and Agriculture, New Delhi. He then served the Government of India as Advisor, Natural Resources Planning Commission from 1961-1964 and the as special Secretary, Ministry of Food and Agriculture, Govt. of India. Hesubsequently became the Financial Commissioner of the Capital Project Punjab from July 1966 to October 1966, and then he was appointed the Chief Commissioner of the Union Territory of Chandigarh in November 1966 and remained so till 1968. 
Randhawa was chairman of the committee to plan the city which is now Chandigarh in 1955, and was instrumental in the city's landscaping. Only because of his untiring efforts, Chandigarh Museum, Punjab Arts Council and Museum of Cultural Heritage of Punjab at Ludhiana could be built. Many beautiful trees and plants now adorning roads and open spaces in Chandigarh were brought by Dr Randhawa. The city owes a lot to this great son of Punjab. Other achievements include his roles in establishing the Rose Garden in Sector 16 in Chandigarh, the Punjab Agricultural University at Ludhiana, the Government Museum and Art Gallery, Chandigarh, and the Anglo-Sikh Wars Memorial near Ferozepur which was completed in February 1976.
Death and afterward.
Dr. Randhawa died on March 3, 1988 in his farmhouse in Kharar. The library at Punjab Agricultural University is named in his honor and maintains a collection of his works and laboratory instruments used by him. Dr. Randhawa also served as the Vice-Chancellor of Punjab Agricultural University in the 70s.
References.
http://www.tribuneindia.com/2006/20060311/saturday/main1.htm

</doc>
<doc id="19525715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525715" title="RCR Wireless News">
RCR Wireless News

RCR Wireless News Group publishes media and information intelligence on all things wireless for industry and trade customers. Published since 1981, RCR Wireless News, a weekly print product, and RCRWireless.com, a daily electronic product, reports on the wireless communications ecosystem. The newspaper is also the official show daily for some of the industry's biggest trade shows, including CTIA in the spring and fall and WiMAX World, and it is the Consumer Electronics Show’s official wireless publication. RCR Wireless News’ target audience is executive and managerial-level professionals at wireless industry organizations and volume buyers at enterprise-class organizations. RCR Wireless News was owned by Crain Communications Inc.
March 3, 2009, RCR Wireless was closed by Crain's. The publication was sold to Arden Media Company, and relaunched in September 2009, with the same editorial team.
Editorial.
RCR Wireless News’ editorial team, is led by Tracy Ford, and since 1981 has produced a news source for the wireless communications industry.
Editorial coverage of the entire wireless communications ecosystem is balanced among industry, technology and business topics and is delivered through news, analysis, features, business reports and product-oriented content. Information published is organized around principal content areas including wireless carriers, distributors/retailers, networks, handsets, spectrum, regulations, mobile content, the iPhone and iPhone killers, mobile advertising, mobile search mobile applications development and mobile applications in business.
Audience.
Core audience: Now estimated at more than 250,000 unique readers each month: senior industry leaders and IT managers and corporate executives at major telecom carriers, network providers, telecom manufacturers, distributors and retailers, and enterprise-volume end users & government regulatory agencies. The newspaper has a primary subscriber base of 50,000 (1) and considering pass-along copies (2) we are delivering a universe of 150,000 with the print newspaper. RCR Wireless News has virtually 100% coverage of U.S.-based wireless service providers. The RCRWireless.com website serves more than 130,000 unique visitors each month.(7) and electronic newsletters are delivered to a registered audience exceeding 70,000 each day.(3) Special alerts are also produced so that wireless industry professionals can stay informed on industry happenings when critical news breaks.
RCR Wireless News publishes information in a variety of media (print, web, video,
e-mail, events).

</doc>
<doc id="19525723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525723" title="George Knapton">
George Knapton

George Knapton (1698–1778) was an English portrait painter and the first portraitist for the Society of Dilettanti in the 1740s. He became Surveyor and Keeper of the King's Pictures from 1765–78.
Life and work.
Knapton was born in London, the son of James Knapton, a Bookseller of Ludgate street. He studied art under Jonathan Richardson, then at the St. Martin's Lane Academy. He spent some years in Italy where he became known as a sound judge of the works of the Old Masters. An account of his visit to Herculaneum was published in the "Philosophical Transactions" of 1740 (no. 458).
Knapton was an original member of the "Society of Dilettanti" and their first portrait artist. He painted many members of the society - mostly in fancy dress - including the Duke of Dorset, Viscount Galway, Sir Francis Dashwood, the Earl of Holdernesse, Earl of Bessborough and Sir Bourchier Wray. Knapton resigned his position at the society in 1763.
In 1750, the then Prince of Wales commissioned Knapton, together with George Vertue, to produce a catalogue of the pictures at Kensington Palace, Hampton Court and Windsor castle. In 1765, he succeeded Stephen Slaughter as Surveyor and Keeper of the King's Pictures; he was also in charge of Lord Spencer's collection at Althorp, Northamptonshire.
Knapton's largest painting was that of the widowed Princess of Wales and her family (1751). He also painted portraits of the Earl of Upper Ossory (with his brother and sister), the Earl of Burlington, Admiral Sir John Norris, Francis, Fifth Duke of Leeds, Admiral George Vandeput, Archibald Bower, Nicolas Tindal, Hildebrand Jacob, Admiral Edward Hawke, and the singers Carestini and Lisabetta du Parc.
Kanpton assisted his brothers, John and Paul - who had succeeded to and extended their father's business - in the production of several publications including works by Thomas Birch and "The History of England" by Nicolas Tindal and Paul de Rapin.
Knapton died in Kensington in December 1778 and was buried there on the 28th of that same month.
Knapton's brother, Charles Knapton (1700–1760), was also an artist and, together with Arthur Pond (1705?-1758), published a book "Imitations of the Italian Masters" (1735), which contained many engravings by himself, mainly of works by Guercino.

</doc>
<doc id="19525732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525732" title="First Battle of Loc Ninh">
First Battle of Loc Ninh

The first battle of Lộc Ninh was a battle during the Vietnam War that occurred between 29 October and 10 December 1967, fought by the Việt Cộng and the Civilian Irregular Defense Group (CIDG), and ended when Army of the Republic of Vietnam (ARVN) and United States forces came to the camp. On October 27, a North Vietnamese regiment engaged the command post of a largely outnumbered ARVN battalion in Sông Bé in Phước Long Province, but were forced to retreat from well dug-in South Vietnamese defenses. Two days later, in the South Vietnamese-Cambodian border town of Lộc Ninh, a Việt Cộng force of uncertain numbers of the 273rd Division launched an offensive on the American camp at this town. Opposing them were members of the First Infantry Division composed of two combat battalions and a pair of field artillery batteries by the morning of October 30. Several days later, two more American battalions entered the heat of battle at Lộc Ninh and eventually overwhelmed the NVA and VC. In spite of their rugged Soviet-manufactured equipment consisting of flamethrowers, heavy machine guns, and mortars, the Vietcong and North Vietnamese sustained heavy casualties in which hundreds of their men were killed. Although the communists claimed they had lost 852 casualties, most American commanders believed that the genuine numbers of communist casualties sustained were well over 1,000 dead or wounded. Either way, the first battle of Lộc Ninh resulted in perhaps the most lopsided–and clearly definable–U.S. victory of the Vietnam War.

</doc>
<doc id="19525733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525733" title="Cal Chamberlain">
Cal Chamberlain

Cal Chamberlain (April 21, 1968 – c. July 25, 2008), born Mark Chamberlain, was an artist and Internet pioneer based out of New York City. He was among the first journalists to achieve notability through online media. 
Early life.
At the age of 15, Chamberlain ran away from his home in Seattle, Washington for a life in New York. Before becoming involved in the Internet media, he worked as a club promoter and model for designer Stephen Sprouse. He became friends with singer and actress Debbie Harry and appeared in a video directed by Talking Heads' frontman David Byrne.
Later career.
In 1994, Chamberlain began blogging with Pseudo.com. A highpoint of his career came as a blogger-correspondent at the 2000 Republican and Democratic national conventions; he later donated the keyboard and webcam he used to cover those events to the Smithsonian Institution. Using a character from "Judge Dredd" as an inspiration, he changed his name to Cal Chamberlain and hosted a web based television show named "=JUDGECAL's= High Weirdness." 
After Pseudo.com folded in 2000, he briefly became a political blogger for CNN, though at the time of his death he moved away from online media and was creating metal sculptures with an art combine named the Madagascar Institute. His involvement with the group led him to participate in the Burning Man festival.
Death.
Chamberlain was found dead in his New York apartment in late July 2008. Based on the level of his body's decomposition, the coroner estimated that he had died on July 25. It took several weeks to find his relatives, who, aside from occasional phone calls or emails, had not seen him for more than 20 years. No official cause of death has been listed.

</doc>
<doc id="19525756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525756" title="Matt Roper">
Matt Roper

Matt Roper is a British comedian, writer and musician who made his stand-up debut in the mid-1990s.
He is an alumnus of the Young People's Theater Company Oldham Theatre Workshop, where his contemporaries included the actors Anna Friel and Suranne Jones.
He is noted for his work as a writer-performer in sketch comedy and revue on the London fringe; the satirical sketch show "Newsrevue" at the Canal Cafe Theatre, "Nice Mischief" and "A Touch of Roberts and Roper" at Jermyn Street Theatre. Performing stand-up comedy, he became one of the first comics to play the Manchester Comedy Store, appearing regularly at the Buzz Club and in the East Dulwich Cabaret's "All New Stand-up Show".
He is currently gaining prominence with his creation of the stage character Wilfredo, a grotesque satire of a Mediterranean romantic singer. The character is notoriously ill-mannered; frequently salivating onstage, drinking and smoking his way throughout songs, while berating his musicians and audience members with insults and expletives. The character has divided critics, leading them to proclaim him as "strangely endearing", "utterly charming and uplifting", "unlikeable", "quite inappropriate" and "a genius creation".
With Wilfredo and his band, Roper has toured the British summer festival circuit, counting the Glastonbury Festival among his successes on several occasions. In July 2010 Wilfredo became the surprise hit of the Port Eliot Literary Festival, appearing onstage with Jarvis Cocker. Increasingly satirizing the cult of celebrity, Wilfredo was also filmed chatting to Biba founder, the fashion designer Barbara Hulanicki, giving the impression to onlookers that she was his own personal designer. Roper has presented the character at the Café de Paris, the Tobacco Factory in Bristol, Brighton Komedia and at London’s Leicester Square Theatre. He has also performed the character onstage in Italy, South Africa and the United States to critical and public acclaim.
In June 2011 Roper appeared as Wilfredo in the first series of Rufus Hound's "What's So Funny?" for BBC Radio 7 (now BBC Radio 4 Extra) in addition to an appearance on Arthur Smith's Pissed Up Chat Show at the E4 Udderbelly at the Southbank Centre. In December 2011 Wilfredo recorded the Christmas Day edition of "The Comedy Club Interviews" for BBC Radio 4 Extra.
At the Edinburgh Festival Fringe, Roper has presented two feature length solo shows, "Wilfredo: Erecto!" in 2011 and "The Wonderful World of Wilfredo" in 2012. Both shows received positive comment and reviews in the press, described by the Guardian newspaper as "weird, intimate and wonderful" and by Time Out as "an extraordinary creation who cuts a hacking, spluttering, beer dribbling figure upon the stage". The comedy industry website Chortle observed the character as "cantankerous, often lecherous and almost certainly consumptive, coughing and burping his way through the set, at one point hacking up phlegm like a horse chewing a toffee."
In May 2011 Roper played the Devil in Terry Newman's political satire "Lucifer: My Part In The New Labour Project (And How I Invented Coalition Government)" - a multi-character solo performance - in London and for the Brighton Festival.
At the 2012 Edinburgh Festival, Roper appeared opposite Phil Nichol in a one-off performance at the Traverse Theatre for Theatre Uncut's season of radical playlets, playing an advertising executive representing a global corporation, in "Indulge" by the Icelandic playwright Andri Snaer Magnuson.
With Loretta Maine, he co-wrote and recorded the song 'Happy Goddamn Christmas', released on 1 December 2012, peaking at #6 on the iTunes UK Comedy Charts. An accompanying video was released on 13 December, featuring cameos by Arthur Smith, Imran Yusuf, Ruth Bratt and Thom Tuck, via BBC Three.
Matt Roper is the son of the late British comedian George Roper. He is a supporter of the Burma Campaign UK. Roper blogs for the Huffington Post's UK edition.

</doc>
<doc id="19525765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525765" title="Aldourie">
Aldourie

Aldourie is a small crofting village, on the east shore of Loch Ness and is within the council of Highland, Scotland. Aldourie Castle, seat of the Laird on Dunbar, is close to the village of Aldourie. 

</doc>
<doc id="19525779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525779" title="New England Board of Higher Education">
New England Board of Higher Education

The New England Board of Higher Education (NEBHE) is an interstate compact founded in 1955 by the six New England governors that promotes greater educational opportunities and services for the residents of New England. The region of New England includes the states of: Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island and Vermont.

</doc>
<doc id="19525830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525830" title="Mamelon (volcanology)">
Mamelon (volcanology)

A mamelon (from French "mamelon", "nipple") is a rock formation created by eruption of relatively thick or stiff lava through a narrow vent in the bedrock. Because the lava is not fluid, it does not flow away; instead it congeals around the vent, forming a small hill or mound on the surface. The outflow from successive eruptions forms additional layers on top, and the resulting pile of layers may stand over above the surrounding surface.
The term was coined by the French explorer and naturalist Jean Baptiste Bory de Saint-Vincent, to describe the central peak of the Dolomieu Crater in the Piton de la Fournaise volcano on Réunion.
Hanging Rock in Australia is another example of a mamelon.

</doc>
<doc id="19525838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525838" title="List of lettered Brooklyn avenues">
List of lettered Brooklyn avenues

This article provides details of the lettered avenues in the flat south central portion of the New York City borough of Brooklyn. Improved public transport brought urban sprawl to this area in the late 19th and early 20th centuries, after the hilly areas to its west and north had already been developed. The avenues are oriented east to west and unless specified have two traffic lanes, carrying two-way traffic. Route descriptions are given west to east. Avenue J and the majority of those north of there have their west end at Dahill Road. Avenue P and the majority of those south of there have their west end at Stillwell Avenue. Most of the north/south cross streets in this grid are numbered, with the word "East" preceding, for example "East 3rd Street". There is no current Avenue E nor Avenue G, though there are successors to these roads with different names.
Details.
Avenues A & B.
These are less than a mile long, in northern Canarsie.
In 1897, at the request of developers, the City of Brooklyn renamed several streets in what is now known as Prospect Park South. Among these are Avenues A and B, and five numbered streets which cross them. Avenue A was renamed Albemarle Road, and a portion of Avenue B between Coney Island Avenue and Flatbush Avenue was renamed Beverley Road.
After Brooklyn was annexed into the City of New York, three more segments of Avenue B, namely between Church Avenue and Coney Island Avenue, between Flatbush Avenue and Brooklyn Avenue, and between Schenectady Avenue and Ralph Avenue, were renamed with an Americanized spelling: "Beverly" Road. This explains the spelling discrepancy between the two subway stations along what was once known as Avenue B: the "Beverley" Road station on the BMT Brighton Line, and the "Beverly" Road station on the IRT Nostrand Avenue line.
The portion of Avenue B east of Ralph Avenue was not given the name in order to compliment an Avenue A which is distinct from what is now known as Albemarle Road.
Avenue C.
Avenue C is located in Kensington and is less than a mile long. Cortelyou Road, which is one block south, can be easily confused with Avenue C, since Cortelyou starts with the letter "C".
Avenue D.
Over a mile in length, Avenue D is located in the southern part of Flatbush. Nearby Ditmas Avenue and Dorchester Road are sometimes associated with Avenue D, since Ditmas and Dorchester start with the letter "D". However, Cortelyou Road is actually the successor to a portion of Avenue D between Dahill Road and Coney Island Avenue. Ditmas Avenue does intersect the western terminus of Avenue D and Flatbush Avenue, at a 135-degree angle. There is some evidence that the current Avenue D was originally named Ditmas Avenue, and renamed to fit the letter grid; the portion that angled off remained Ditmas.
Avenue E.
There is currently no street named Avenue E. Late 19th and early 20th century maps depict an Avenue E, which was later renamed Ditmas Avenue (the segment between Dahill Road and Coney Island Avenue) and Foster Avenue (the segments from Foster Avenue to Bank Street, including a small realignment at Kings Highway).
Avenue F.
Located in the southern part of Kensington, Avenue F is less than a mile long. It is commonly associated with nearby Foster Avenue and Farragut Road, since Foster and Farragut begin with the letter "F". However, Foster Avenue predates Avenue F. Farragut Road was originally called Avenue F.
Although Avenue F currently terminates west of Ocean Parkway, it originally continued a few blocks further east, until East 8th Street at 18th Avenue. Farragut Road is in close alignment with the remnant Avenue F, and may have originally been called Avenue F.
Avenue G.
There is current no street named Avenue G. It was renamed Glenwood Road in the early 20th century.
Avenues H & I.
The Bay Ridge Branch lies between these avenues for most of their length. Avenue H is interrupted by the campus of Brooklyn College.
Avenue J.
Avenue J travels through the neighborhoods of Midwood and Flatlands. It begins at Dahill Road and runs to Ralph Avenue in Georgetown, just short of Paerdegat Basin. It resumes across the water in Canarsie and runs from East 80th Street to East 108th Street. The house numbers increase from west to east. The road carries 2 lanes of traffic and has a commercial strip between Coney Island Avenue and East 16th Street. The avenue carries the B6 bus in some places.
Avenue K.
Avenue K starts off at the Ocean Pkwy Service Rd W. Ocean Parkway in Midwood. It gets interrupted with a brief concurrency along Flatbush Avenue. It then runs to Bergen Avenue in Bergen Beach, where it is interrupted by Paerdegat Basin. It resumes across the water in Canarsie and runs from East 80th Street to East 108th Street. The house numbers increase from west to east.
Avenues L & M.
Avenue L starts off at its western terminus at East 4th Street in Midwood and continues to Flatbush Avenue in Flatlands. It resumes at East 41st Street and Troy Avenue and continues as a one-way street going from west to east to Ralph Avenue, where it becomes a two-way street again until its eastern terminus at Bergen Avenue in Bergen Beach. Across the Paerdegat Basin, it resumes at East 80th Street in Canarsie and runs to its terminus at East 108th Street. The house numbers increase from west to east.
Avenue M starts at Dahill Road in Mapleton. It gets interrupted at Flatlands Avenue, resumes at Flatbush Avenue and is juxtaposed to the south at Ralph Avenue, from which it runs as a two-way street to Bergen Avenue along Paedergat Basin. Across the water, it resumes at East 80th Street in Canarsie and runs to its terminus at East 108th Street. The house numbers increase from west to east. Avenue M is a one-way street westbound from Ralph Avenue to Flatbush Avenue.
Avenue N.
Avenue N begins its western terminus at McDonald Avenue. It continues to Ocean Parkway and becomes a one way street with traffic flowing from west to east. It becomes interrupted when intersecting East 35th Street in Marine Park. Avenue N starts up again from an intersection at Flatbush Avenue, continuing east towards Bergen Beach. In this neighborhood, Avenue N branches off Veterans Avenue, traveling northeast. Avenue N ends at Royce Street in Bergen Beach, continuing as Cove Lane, until intersecting Bergen Avenue, along Paedergat Basin. Across the water, Avenue N resumes at East 80th Street and runs to its terminus at East 108th Street and the East Mill Basin.
Avenue O.
Avenue O begins its western terminus at Bay Parkway in Bensonhurst. It gets interrupted when intersecting 65th Street. It then picks up again at Dahill Road in Mapleton. It becomes a one way street with traffic flowing from east to west, between Coney Island Avenue and Kings Highway (its eastern terminus).
Avenue P.
Avenue P is four lanes wide, with its western terminus at Bay Parkway in Gravesend and its eastern terminus at Flatbush Avenue in Marine Park. It gets interrupted at Kings Highway and again with a short concurrency along Nostrand Avenue.
Avenue Q (Quentin Road).
The entire Avenue Q was renamed Quentin Road after World War II, in honor of Theodore Roosevelt's youngest son Quentin, who was killed in aerial combat over France in 1918 during the first World War. It stretches from Stillwell Avenue in Gravesend, to the west, to Flatbush Avenue in Marine Park. The street is interrupted by Kings Highway in Midwood from East 13th Street to East 16th Street, then continues perpendicular to the railroad tracks for the B and Q trains. In Marine Park the street has a short concurrency along Nostrand Avenue. It then continues towards its eastern terminus at Flatbush Avenue and East 45th Street. The musical "Avenue Q " takes place on a rundown street, said to be located in an "outer-outer borough" of New York City; but the authors have stated that their Avenue Q is fictional, and not based on Quentin Road or any other actual street.
Avenue R.
Avenue R begins its western terminus at Kings Highway and East 5th Street in Gravesend. In Gravesend, Avenue R has a median, between East 7th Street and Coney Island Avenue. In Marine Park, the street has a brief concurrency along Gerritsen Avenue. It then continues towards its eastern terminus at Flatbush Avenue and Avenue O in Marine Park.
Avenue R formerly had a segment further west, despite the interruption of Kings Highway at its current western end. That portion, portion from Stillwell Avenue on the west to West 3rd on the east, was renamed Highland Avenue at the request of an early 20th century developer.
Avenues S & T.
These avenues begin their western terminus at Stillwell Avenue in Gravesend and continue until an intersection with Stuart Street in Marine Park. They get interrupted by Marine Park, and then Avenue S continues from East 32nd Street and Avenue T continues from East 33rd Street. Avenue S has its eastern terminus at Avenue T. From here, Avenue T resumes until its eastern terminus at Bergen Avenue in Bergen Beach.
Avenue V.
Avenue V exists in five segments. The first segment runs from Stillwell Avenue to West 8th Street, where its route is blocked by the BMT Sea Beach Line tracks. It resumes its path opposite the tracks at a dead end west of West 7th Street and runs to Van Sicklen Street. The third segment takes Avenue V from Gravesend Neck Road east of East 1st Street to Burnett Street at Marine Park. Over the course of the third segment, the traffic pattern of Avenue V changes four times. From Gravesend Neck Road to Ocean Avenue the avenue serves two-way traffic on two lanes; after Ocean Avenue, traffic travels one way westbound on two lanes until Gravesend Neck Road. East of Gravesend Neck Road, traffic travels one way eastbound on two lanes until Nostrand Avenue, where traffic once again resumes its regular pattern, ending at Burnett Street. The fourth segment of Avenue V begins on the other side of Marine Park at East 38th Street and runs till Flatbush Avenue. The final segment begins some distance away in Bergen Beach, just east of a dead end at Mill Basin and terminates at Bergen Avenue.
Avenue W.
Avenue W exists in four segments. The first segment runs from Stillwell Avenue to West 11th Street, where its path is impeded by a public housing project. Its second segment runs from West 7th Street to its intersection with Sheepshead Bay Road and Gravesend Neck Road. During the second segment, traffic patterns on the road change four times. From West 7th Street one block east to 86th Street, traffic travels one way on one lane westbound. On the block between 86th Street and West 6th Street traffic travels two ways on two lanes. On the block between West 6th Street and Van Sicklen Street, traffic travels one way on one lane eastbound. Finally, from Van Sicklen Street to the end of its second segment, traffic on Avenue W travels two ways on two lanes. The third segment runs from East 16th Street to Gerritsen Avenue. The fourth segment begins some distance away in Bergen Beach, across several creeks and two neighborhoods. This last stretch runs from a dead end just east of Mill Basin to Bergen Avenue.
Avenue X.
Avenue X exists in four segments. The westernmost segment is served by a Culver Line station. It runs from Stillwell Avenue to West 8th Street, where its path is interrupted by the Coney Island Yards. The second segment begins at a dead end at Boynton Place just east of the yards and continues to another dead end just east of East 15th Street at the BMT Brighton Beach Line. Avenue X once again resumes its course opposite the train tracks at East 16th Street and ends at Knapp Street. The easternmost segment begins some distance away in Bergen Beach, across several creeks and two neighborhoods. This last stretch runs from a dead end just east of Mill Basin to Bergen Avenue.
Avenue Y.
Avenue Y exists in two segments. The first segment runs from Shell Road to Knapp Street. The second segment begins some distance away in Bergen Beach, across several creeks and two neighborhoods. This last stretch runs from a dead end just east of Mill Basin to Bergen Avenue.
Avenue Z.
Avenue Z exists in three segments. The first segment runs from Cropsey Avenue to Stillwell Avenue. The second segment runs from Shell Road to Coyle Street. The third segment runs from Knapp Street a short distance to a dead end just west of Gerritsen Creek.

</doc>
<doc id="19525861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525861" title="PKIDs">
PKIDs

PKIDs, which stands for Parents of Kids with Infectious Diseases, is a national nonprofit organization based in the United States that serves families of children living with chronic, viral infectious diseases and educates the public on various methods of disease prevention. Founded in 1996 by a handful of parents, the group became a 501 (c) (3) nonprofit in 1997. Since then, thousands of families have been helped and millions of individuals around the country have received PKIDs’ health messages.
History.
PKIDs started in 1996, when parents adopting internationally were bringing home babies and children with unexpected infections. Parents, wondering what their families were facing, searched for information on the Internet and, while doing so, found each other.
In 1997, the nonprofit was officially formed and incorporated in the state of Washington. In that same year, the families served grew to include all sorts of families – adoptive, biological, foster and so on.
Mission.
PKIDs’ mission is to educate the public about infectious diseases, the methods of prevention and transmission, and the latest advances in medicine; to eliminate the social stigma borne by the infected; and to assist the families of children living with HIV/AIDS, hepatitis, or other chronic, viral infectious diseases with emotional, financial, and informational support.

</doc>
<doc id="19525878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525878" title="An Ard">
An Ard

An Ard (Scottish Gaelic: ) is a collection of small settlements on the A832 road, close to Charlestown, in Gairloch, Ross-shire, on the east shore of Gair Loch and is within the council of Highland, Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="19525882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525882" title="Osmoprotectant">
Osmoprotectant

Osmoprotectants or compatible solutes are small molecules that act as osmolytes and help organisms survive extreme osmotic stress. Examples include betaines, amino acids, and the sugar trehalose. These molecules accumulate in cells and balance the osmotic difference between the cell's surroundings and the cytosol. In extreme cases, such as in bdelloid rotifers, tardigrades, brine shrimp and nematodes, these molecules can allow cells to survive being completely dried out and let them enter a state of suspended animation called cryptobiosis. In this state the cytosol and osmoprotectants become a glass-like solid that helps stabilize proteins and cell membranes from the damaging effects of desiccation.
See also.
Compatible solutes have also been shown to play a protective role by maintaining enzyme activity through freeze-thaw cycles and at higher temperatures. Their specific action is unknown but is thought that they are preferentially excluded from the proteins interface due to their propensity to form water structures.

</doc>
<doc id="19525920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525920" title="1961–62 DFB-Pokal">
1961–62 DFB-Pokal

The DFB-Pokal 1962 was the 19th season of the competition. It began on 28 July 1962 and ended on 29 August 1962. 16 teams competed in the tournament of four rounds. In the final FC Nuremberg defeated Fortuna Düsseldorf 2–1 after extra time.

</doc>
<doc id="19525921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525921" title="Me (Buck Brothers album)">
Me (Buck Brothers album)

Me is the debut album by London-based band Buck Brothers, released in the United Kingdom in March 2007 and the United States in October 2007. On 5 March 2007, to commemorate the album's UK release, the band broke the Guinness World Record for the "most gigs performed in 12 hours".
In October 2007 the album entered the CMJ Top 200 chart in the USA.

</doc>
<doc id="19525973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525973" title="Mamelon (dentistry)">
Mamelon (dentistry)

A mamelon (from French "mamelon", "nipple"), is one of three rounded protuberances which are present on the cutting edge of an incisor tooth when it first erupts through the gum. Mamelons are quickly worn away by use.
Examine the newly emerged incisor teeth of a 6- or 7-year-old child. Three prominences, or scallops, are usually seen along the incisal edge. These prominences are developmental structures called mamelons, but are ordinarily of no clinical importance. Usually they are worn off early in the life of the tooth. However, when an anterior open bite is present -- that is, the anterior teeth are not in contact when the bite is fully closed -- mammelons may remain into adulthood. 

</doc>
<doc id="19525974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525974" title="Dmitri Kombarov">
Dmitri Kombarov

Dmitri Vladimirovich Kombarov (; born 22 January 1987 in Moscow) is a Russian footballer who plays as a left back or left midfielder for Spartak Moscow in the Russian Premier League. He is an identical twin brother of Kirill Kombarov.
Career.
Dynamo Moscow.
Dmitri started playing football at the age of 4. In 1993, Dmitri and his brother Kirill joined the Spartak Moscow football academy. After a conflict with the school coaches, the brothers left Spartak and joined the Dynamo Moscow academy.
Dmitri made his first appearance for the main squad of Dynamo on 13 July 2005 in a Russian Cup game against Dynamo Bryansk.
FC Spartak Moscow.
In August 2010, the Kombarov brothers left Dynamo Moscow for their city rivals Spartak Moscow where they started their football education. Despite being a left defender, at the end of the 2012-13 season he finished as the top scorer of the team with 7 goals.
International.
His first appearance in Russia national football team was in February 2012, in the friendly match with Denmark.
He was confirmed for the finalized UEFA Euro 2012 squad on 25 May 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19525983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525983" title="Guy Toindouba">
Guy Toindouba

Guy Roger Toindouba (born on April 14, 1988 in Garoua) is a Cameroonian football midfielder who plays for Adana Demirspor.
Career.
He was from July 2007 to January 2008 loaned out to Cotonsport Garoua, from Sahel SC and signed then in Summer 2009 for Al Ahly Tripoli. In 2010 winter mercato, Roger signed for Espérance Sportive de Tunis. On 1 November 2011, it was announced that he would join Lillestrøm SK for the 2012 season. He played with Cameroon National Team against Colombia on October 16 - 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19525986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525986" title="Digicel Premier League">
Digicel Premier League

Two professional football leagues are known as the Digicel Premier League for marketing purposes:

</doc>
<doc id="19525987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525987" title="Veikko Törmänen">
Veikko Törmänen

Veikko Johannes Törmänen (born 7 June 1945, Kuusamo) is a Finnish artist, who paints and makes graphic art. His works were displayed for the first time in a solo exhibition in Oulu Finland in 1972. 
Törmänen paints abstract works and makes installations. He has collaborated with architects and has made many public works since 1979. His works combine various techniques and materials.
In the 1970s Törmänen painted gouache and water colour works based on a close study of objects. In the end of the 1980s he painted large, structuredcolor fields with events taking place along the sides of the works. At this time he also produced collages of various objects and experimented with different materials. In the beginning of 1990's he was struck by the shape of dot, stating that at that time he blew up the color fields into the black dots in his works. He was fascinated by the fact that dot is the basic element of industrially produced image. His show in Oulu Art Museum in 1999 was titled "Contrast".
According to art critics Törmänen's art relies on a peculiar diversion of visual sense, dealing with purely aesthetic optical illusion. He has been considered a reducer, whose works consist of colour, form and their interplay. Törmänen states that his aesthetics is the visual experience they produce and that he doesn't tell stories. He says that he has always wanted to embody movement and interaction, a kind of mirroring of different elements with each others.
Among his paintings and installations Törmänen has designed unconventional chairs and other objects. An example of this work is the interior design of the guest room in the State Provincial Office of Oulu with paintings, fireplace, an iron chair and a glass table. He has stated he is not afraid of decoration anymore.
Törmänen lives and works in Oulu. He is married to author Sinikka Laine.

</doc>
<doc id="19525988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525988" title="Kirill Kombarov">
Kirill Kombarov

Kirill Vladimirovich Kombarov (; born 22 January 1987) is a Russian footballer who current playing for Spartak Moscow in the Russian Premier League. He is an identical twin brother of Dmitri Kombarov. He is a skillful right-sided attacking midfielder, but often plays a right defender.
Career.
Kirill started playing football at the age of 4. In 1993, Kirill and his brother Dmitri joined the Spartak Moscow football academy. After a conflict with the school coaches, the brothers left Spartak and joined the Dynamo Moscow academy.
Kirill made his first appearance for the main squad of Dynamo on 20 September 2006 in a Russian Cup game against Nizhny Novgorod.
In August 2010, the Kombarov brothers left Dynamo Moscow for their city rivals Spartak Moscow where they started their football education.

</doc>
<doc id="19525992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525992" title="Try a Little Kindness">
Try a Little Kindness

Try a Little Kindness is the sixteenth album by American singer/guitarist Glen Campbell, released in 1970.
Charts.
Album - Billboard (United States)
Singles - Billboard (United States)

</doc>
<doc id="19525999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19525999" title="Swearingen SX-300">
Swearingen SX-300

A high-performance homebuilt aircraft featuring two seats and developed by Ed Swearingen of San Antonio, Texas during the 1980s. The aircraft was offered as a kit, but the kit was not a comprehensive kit like contemporary designs and its construction was beyond the abilities of the average amateur aircraft builder. The plane featured a six-cylinder engine. Plans have been made to revive the plane and offer it as a quick-build kit, but there is no current kit being offered.
External links.
SX-300 owner's group

</doc>
<doc id="19526001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19526001" title="Cuckold">
Cuckold

Cuckold historically referred to a husband with an adulterous wife and is still often used with this meaning. In evolutionary biology, the term cuckold is also applied to males who are unwittingly investing parental effort in offspring that are not genetically their own. Since the 1990s, the term has also been widely used to refer to a sexual fetish in which the fetishist is stimulated by their committed partner choosing to have sex with someone else.
History of the term.
"Cuckold" derives from the cuckoo bird, alluding to the alleged habit of the female in changing its mate frequently and authentic (in some species) practice of laying its eggs in other nests within its community. The association is common in medieval folklore, literature, and iconography. The original Old English was "kukewold". It was borrowed from Old French "cuccault", which was made up of "cuccu" (old French for the cuckoo bird itself) plus the pejorative suffix – "ault", indicating the named person was being taken advantage of as by a cuckoo bird.
English usage first appears about 1250 in the satirical and polemical poem "The Owl and the Nightingale" (l. 1544). The term was clearly regarded as embarrassingly direct, as evident in John Lydgate's "Fall of Princes" (ca. 1440). In the late 14th century, the term also appeared in Geoffrey Chaucer's Miller's Tale. Shakespeare's poetry often referred to cuckolds, with several of his characters suspected they had become one.
The female equivalent "cuckquean" first appears in English literature in 1562, adding a female suffix to the "cuck". One often overlooked subtlety of the word is that it implies that the husband is "deceived", that he is unaware of his wife's unfaithfulness and may not know until the arrival or growth of a child plainly not his (as with Cuckoo birds.) Another word, "wittol", which substitutes "wete" (meaning witting or knowing) for the first part of the word, designates a man aware of and reconciled to his wife's infidelity and first appears in 1520
Metaphor and symbolism.
In Western traditions, cuckolds have sometimes been described as "wearing the horns of a cuckold" or just "wearing the horns." This is an allusion to the mating habits of stags, who forfeit their mates when they are defeated by another male. In Italy (especially in Southern Italy, where it is a major personal offence), the insult is often accompanied by the sign of the horns. In French, the term is "porter des cornes", which is used by Molière to describe someone whose consort has been unfaithful. Rabelais wrote the "Tiers Livers" of Gargantua and Pantagruel in 1546, by which time the symbol of the horns was "so well-known and over-used that the author could barely avoid making reference to it." Molière's "L'École des femmes" (1662) is the story of a man who mocks cuckolds and becomes one at the end. In Geoffrey Chaucer's "Canterbury Tales" (c. 1372–77), the Miller's Tale is a story that humorously examines the life of a cuckold. In Chinese usage, an altogether different allusion is used, when the cuckold (or wittol) is said to be "戴绿帽子" (wearing the green hat), which derives from the sumptuary laws used in China from the 13th to the 18th century which required the males in households with prostitutes to wrap their heads in a green scarf (or later a hat).
Cultural usage of horn metaphor.
In many countries "horns" are a metaphor for suffering the infidelity of a partner, not limited to husbands in modern usage. The gesture of the horned hand can be used to insult the cuckold.
Cuckoldry as a fetish.
Unlike the traditional definition of the term, in fetish usage a cuckold is complicit in their partner's sexual "infidelity" and takes masochistic sexual pleasure in it. Cuckolds in the fetish sense also need not be male, and need not be married, although some level of pair-bonding intimacy or commitment in their relationship is necessary. Among fetishists, the pose of reluctance—the victimization of the cuckold—is a major element of the paraphilia. (Which may be the reason for the use of the term "cuckold," with its connotations of victimization and inadequacy.)
In the fetish cuckolding subculture, it is most common for the female to take on the sexually dominant role and the male the submissive role, however, female subs, sometimes referred to as "cuckqueans", also exist. The wife who enjoys cuckolding her husband is frequently called a "hotwife," or a "cuckoldress" if the man is more submissive.
Fetish cuckolding can have a wide range of expression, from pillow-talk fantasy between monogamous partners to extreme "alternative lifestyles," depending on the couple. It is also often mixed with other fetishes in practice, such as voyeurism, denial, etc.
Cuckolding can also be mixed with other non-monogamous relationship arrangements with which it has substantial overlap such as Swinging, wife-swapping, open relationships, and polyamory, etc. It is distinguished from these concepts in that the cuckold's thrill in their partner's acts is specifically masochistic; as such it is considered a category of BDSM fetish.
Theories in psychology.
Psychology regards cuckold fetishism as a variant of masochism, the cuckold deriving pleasure from being humiliated. In Freudian analysis, cuckold fetishism is the eroticization of the fears of infidelity and of failure in the man's competition for procreation and the affection of females. In his book "Masochism and the Self," psychologist Roy Baumeister advanced a "Self Theory" analysis that cuckolding (other forms of sexual masochism) among otherwise mentally healthy people was a form of escapism. In this theory, cuckold fetishists are relieving themselves of the stress of the burden of their social role and escaping into a simpler, less-expansive position.
According to these theories, the cuckold fetishist seeks pleasure both from the act of being humiliated and by giving pleasure to his lover(s). But cuckolding can be summed psychologically as "distributing sexual humiliation to the cuckold". If a couple can keep the fantasy in the bedroom, or come to an agreement where being cuckolded in reality does not damage the relationship, they may try it out in reality. However, the primary proponent of the fantasy is almost always the one being humiliated, or the "cuckold": he usually convinces his lover to participate in the fantasy for him, though other "cuckolds" may prefer their lover to initiate the situation instead. The fetish fantasy does not work at all if the cuckold is being humiliated against his will.
Humiliation is "the feeling of being put down, made to feel less than one feels oneself to be." Psychologist Evelin Lindner calls humiliation "the nuclear bomb of the emotions", claiming it is an order of magnitude more powerful than any other, causing everything from interpersonal conflicts to international terrorism." According to psychoanalysis, any feeling can become sexualized if it is somehow favorably associated with sex, especially in childhood. Because humiliation is such a powerful emotion, if an individual sexualizes it, they can in turn obtain intense sexual feelings.
Theories in evolutionary biology and psychology.
In evolutionary biology, the term cuckold is also applied to males who are unwittingly investing parental effort in in offspring that are not genetically their own. As noted above, the term cuckold is derivative of the mis-directed parental investment of birds who direct parental investment to the eggs that cuckoo birds have laid in their nests.
In his somewhat controversial book "Sperm Wars", biologist Robin Baker speculated that the excitement and stimulation of the cuckolding fetish emerges from the biology of sexuality and the effects of sexual arousal on the brain, although it is important to note the word "cuckold" does not appear in the book "Sperm Wars". According to one of his theories, Baker believes that when a man thinks that his female mate may have been sexual with another man, the man is prompted by biological urges to copulate with the female in an effort to "compete" with the other man's sperm. Baker is also one of the few proponents of the theory of "Killer Sperm", the idea that sperm compete not only for first access to the egg but by "attacking" other sperm. Although this idea appears frequently in cuckold fetish material, very few biologists share this view.
Baker and his proponents views conflict with the hypothesized foundations for sexual jealousy in evolutionary psychology, which is rooted in the idea that men, specifically, will react jealously to sexual infidelity on the parts of their mates. is also the number one cause for divorce.
Different forms of cuckolding.
Some cuckolds derive excitement in being control of the adulterous relationship the female partner has by having a say in every aspect of their relationship they are commonly known as Dominant cuckolds.
Cuckolds who choose not to have any say in the adulterous relationship where only the adulterous partner chooses the new partner and the circumstances and type of relationship maintained are known as Submissive cuckolds. Submissive cuckolds love the aspect of the female being in control of their relationships and can derive pleasure by any mild to extreme torture whether its physical, emotional or financial in nature. Most of these cuckolds like being forced to do sexual acts or other acts which can normally be insulting and degrading, while the female is encouraged to boast about the physical superiority of the male lover. In these relationships usually the female partner would or is expected to view the cuckold as a resource to use financially and otherwise (like helping in house work, taking care of the kids etc.,), but less as a physical partner. Many cuckolds in this relationships enjoy being denied a physical relationship with the female.
Entrance into cuckolding.
Cuckolding is usually initiated by the male partner in the relationship but also in many instances are introduced by the female partner too. Most important ingredient of a successful cuckolding relationship is the trust the couples have on each other. Most relationships with lack of strong bonding between the cuckold couples are likely to lead to the failure of the marriage or relationship. Cuckolds view the physical relationship between the female and the lover to be similar to the female playing a game of tennis or other entertaining activity, with the added benefit of pleasure and excitement for the cuckold and see it as a non threat to their original relationship. These cuckolds view the act of their spouses going to dinner with her lover as a bigger threat than them having a physical relationship and they view the dinner to be romantic and emotional while the physical relationship as an entertainment gateway.
Other variations cuckolding.
Active cuckolds - These cuckolds like to be present in the room the physical bonding of the female partner and her lover takes place. They mostly do not join in, but derive pleasure on watching the female enjoy the bonding. Some cuckolds enjoy taking photographs and videos of these acts and derive pleasure by sharing them online. Some submissive cuckolds also like to be tied up so that they are unable to move and feel helpless to do anything but to witness the act.
Passive cuckolds - These cuckolds by their choice or their partners are not allowed to enter the place of bonding. These cuckolds are very imaginative in nature and would expect their female partner to share their experience with their lover to them and they derive pleasure by imagining every aspect of their partners encounter. One of the important aspects of such cuckolds are that they enjoy the act of getting their spouse ready for the date as a very important part of their routine.
Pros and cons of cuckolding.
Cons
STDs are a very real risk these days, hence a barrier method of protection can be used when the medical history of the new lover is unknown.
Pregnancy risk: as no contraceptive method is 100% safe. The couple should have an arrangement where they mutually agree for a plan of action should the pregnancy occur, whether they would be to keep the pregnancy or to abort it. If the couple decide to go ahead with the pregnancy who will be ultimately responsible for the financial and emotional cost of raising the child should also be discussed in advance. Many would be cuckolds are encouraged to sign financial agreements with their spouses (usually with more benefits payable to the female) which determine what happens should the female get pregnant and a child is born and also what happens if the husband decides to leave the wife after starting the lifestyle. A financial agreement acts like a two edged sword, as if the cuckold is not keen on signing it, it is a clear sign that the cuckold is not really prepared for the lifestyle and pursuing that direction is likely to lead to the failure of the marriage or relationship. If the cuckold signs the agreement it benefits all parties as it avoids litigation costs should the situation occur. Many cuckolds are also encouraged to have a vasectomy done to avoid the confusion of who the biological father is if the pregnancy occurs.
Emotional risk: There is a possibility that the male partner can get jealous about the amount of attention his partner is getting from her lover and the female partner is likely to reduce the attention or importance she gives to the husband/male partner. The relationship is likely to fail in this scenario if the cuckold is not able to handle this situation. There is also a risk that the female partner might get emotionally attached or attracted to the lover she is mating with and may ultimately lead to the failure of the primary relationship. Once the child finds out his father is not biological this may cause future problems and or complications in the child's life which may lead into adulthood. 
Pros
Cuckolding can be an experience which couples can enjoy, if the maturity of their relationship can handle it. The primary couples can bond better and become closer by the act of cuckolding. This lifestyle can also suit couples who were previously considering divorcing on physical grounds by keeping the marriage intact while exploring the world outside. Example would be couples who are separated for employment reasons or couples where the prospective cuckold has impotency issues.

</doc>
<doc id="19526003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19526003" title="Wrestling at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 100 kg">
Wrestling at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 100 kg

The Men's Freestyle 100 kg at the 1976 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Maurice Richard Arena.
Tournament results.
The competition used a form of negative points tournament, with negative points given for any result short of a fall. Accumulation of 6 negative points eliminated the loser wrestler. When only three wrestlers remain, a special final round is used to determine the order of the medals.
Final.
Results from the preliminary round are carried forward into the final (shown in yellow).

</doc>
<doc id="19526009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19526009" title="Hans Kurt">
Hans Kurt


</doc>
<doc id="19526015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19526015" title="Dan-Ola Eckerman">
Dan-Ola Eckerman

Dan-Ola Eckerman (born 26 March 1963 in Turku, died 25 May 1994 in Turku) was a Finnish football goalkeeper.
Eckerman spent his entire career in his hometown club Turun Palloseura. From 1983 to 1991 he played 175 matches in the Premier Division. He also had four international caps in Finland national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="19526029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19526029" title="Hormone replacement therapy (menopause)">
Hormone replacement therapy (menopause)

Hormone replacement therapy (HRT) in menopause is medical treatment in surgically menopausal, perimenopausal and postmenopausal women. Its goal is to mitigate discomfort caused by diminished circulating estrogen and progesterone hormones in menopause. Combination HRT is often recommended as it decreases the amount of endometrial hyperplasia and cancer associated with unopposed estrogen therapy. The main hormones involved are estrogen, progesterone and progestin. Some recent therapies include the use of androgens as well.
The 2002 Women's Health Initiative of the National Institutes of Health found disparate results for all cause mortality with hormone replacement, finding it to be lower when HRT was begun earlier, between age 50-59, but higher when begun after age 60. In older patients, there was an increased incidence of breast cancer, heart attacks and stroke, although a reduced incidence of colorectal cancer and bone fracture. Some of the WHI findings were again found in a larger national study done in the UK, known as The Million Women Study. As a result of these findings, the number of women taking hormone treatment dropped precipitously. The Women's Health Initiative recommended that women with non-surgical menopause take the lowest feasible dose of HRT for the shortest possible time to minimize associated risks.
The current indications for use from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration include short-term treatment of menopausal symptoms, such as vasomotor hot flashes or urogenital atrophy, and prevention of osteoporosis. In 2012, the United States Preventive Task Force concluded that the harmful effects of combined estrogen and progestin are likely to exceed the chronic disease prevention benefits in most women. A consensus expert opinion published by the The Endocrine Society stated that when taken during perimenopause, or the initial years of menopause, hormonal therapy carries significantly fewer risks than previously published, and reduces all cause mortality in most patient scenarios. The American Association of Clinical Endocrinology also released a position statement in 2009 that approved of HRT in appropriate clinical scenarios.
Health effects.
There have been a number of large scale cross sectional and cohort studies on the effects of hormone replacement in menopause, the largest being in the United States, the United Kingdom and China. Demographically, the vast majority of data available is in post-menopausal American women with concurrent pre-existing conditions, and with a mean age of over 60 years. In 2002 the Women's Health Initiative was published looking at the effects of hormonal replacement therapy in post-menopausal women. Both age groups had a slightly higher incidence of breast cancer; heart attack and stroke were increased in older patients, although not in younger participants. Progesterone is the major anabolic hormone for breast tissue, and accordingly breast cancer was not increased in patients who were on estrogen therapy alone after hysterectomy. Sole therapy with estrogen is contraindicated if the uterus is still present due its proliferative effect on the endometrium. The WHI also found a reduced incidence of colorectal cancer when estrogen and progesterone were used together, and most importantly, bone fractures. Ultimately, the study found disparate results for all cause mortality with hormone replacement, finding it to be lower when HRT was begun during the fifth decade of life, but higher when begun after age 60. Some findings of the WHI were reconfirmed in a larger national study done in the UK, known as The Million Women Study. Coverage of the WHI findings led to a reduction in the number of post-menopausal women on hormone replacement therapy. The authors of the study recommended that women with non-surgical menopause take the lowest feasible dose of HRT, and for the shortest possible time, to minimize risk.
These recommendations have not held up with further data analysis however. Later studies released by the WHI showed that all cause mortality was not dramatically different between the groups receiving conjugated equine estrogen (CEE), those receiving estrogen and progesterone, and those not on HRT at all. Specifically, the relative risk for all-cause mortality was 1.04 (confidence interval 0.88–1.22) in the CEE-alone trial and 1.00 (CI, 0.83–1.19) in the estrogen plus progesterone trial. Further, in analysis pooling data from both trials, post-menopausal HRT was associated with a significant reduction in mortality (RR, 0.70; CI, 0.51–0.96) among women ages 50 to 59 yr. This would represent five fewer deaths per 1000 women per 5 yr of therapy.
A robust Bayesian meta-analysis from 19 randomized clinical trials reported similar data with a RR of mortality of 0.73 (CI, 0.52–0.96) in women younger than age 60. However, MHT had minimal effect among those between 60 and 69 years of age (RR, 1.05; CI, 0.87–1.26) and was associated with a borderline significant increase in mortality in those between 70 to 79 years of age (RR, 1.14; CI, 0.94 –1.37; P for trend < 0.06). Similarly, in the HERS trial, with participants having a mean age of 66.7 yr, MHT did not reduce in total mortality (RR, 1.08; CI, 0.84 –1.38). A 2003 meta-analysis of 30 randomized trials of menopausal HRT in relation to mortality showed that it was associated with a nearly 40% reduction in mortality in trials in which participants had a mean age of less than 60 yr or were within 10 yr of menopause onset but was unrelated to mortality in the other trials. The findings in the younger age groups were similar to those in the observational Nurses' Health Study (RR for mortality, 0.63; CI, 0.56 – 0.70).
The beneficial potential of HRT was bolstered in a consensus expert opinion published by the The Endocrine Society, which stated that when taken during perimenopause, or the initial years of menopause, hormonal therapy carries significantly fewer risks than previously published, and reduces all cause mortality in most patient scenarios. The American Association of Clinical Endocrinology released a position statement in 2009 that approved of HRT in the appropriate clinical scenario.
Proprietary mixtures of progestins and conjugated equine estrogens are a commonly prescribed form of HRT. As the most common and longest-prescribed type of estrogen used in HRT, most studies of HRT involve CEE. More recently developed forms of drug delivery include suppositories, subdermal implants, skin patches and gels. They have more local effect, lower doses, fewer side effects and constant rather than cyclical serum hormone levels.
The data published by the WHI suggested supplemental estrogen increased risk of venous emboli and breast cancer but was protective against osteoporosis and colorectal cancer, while the impact on cardiovascular disease was mixed. These results were later confirmed in trials from the United Kingdom, but not in more recent studies from France and China.
Management of sexual dysfunction.
Hormone replacement therapy's goal is to mitigate discomfort caused by diminished circulating estrogen and progesterone hormones in menopause. In those with premature or surgically induced menopause, a combination HRT is often recommended, as it may also prolong life and may decrease a woman's chances of developing endometrial cancers associated with unopposed estrogen therapy, as well by decreasing the incidence of dementia. The main hormones involved are estrogen, progesterone and progestin. Some recent therapies include the use of androgens as well.
Data from numerous studies have consistently found that HRT leads to improvements in aspects of post-menopausal sexual dysfunction. Sexuality is a critical aspect of quality of life for the large majority of menopausal women; therefore, any features of the menopausal transition that can negatively affect a woman’s sexuality have the ability to significantly alter her quality of life. The most prevalent of female sexual dysfunctions liked to menopause include lack of desire and low libido, both of which can be explained by changes in hormonal physiology.
Improvements in sexual pain, vaginal lubrication and orgasm are found to be statistically different from those using HRT. Estrogens have positive effects of mood, sexual function, target end organs, and cognitive function. It has also been shown to prevent amyloid plaque formation, oxiadative stress, or deterioration of the cholinergic neurotransmitter system, all of which contribute to the etiology of Alzheimer’s Disease. There are several options of HRTs for women. These can include the use of estrogens alone (ERT), a combination of estrogens with one of several progestins as HRT, or the combination of estrogens, progestins, and androgens as HRT.
Venous and arterial coagulation.
Comparisons between orally administered pill and transdermal patch suggests that when estrogens are taken orally the risks of thrombophlebitis and pulmonary embolism are increased, an effect which is not seen with topical administration. Transdermal and transvaginal administration are not subject to first pass metabolism, and so lack the anabolic effects that oral therapy has on hepatic synthesis of Vitamin K dependent clotting factors. This effect refers only to patches for post menopausal hormone replacement, which contain 17 beta estradiol, not those used in oral contraceptive therapy, which contain ethinyl estradiol. The later is associated with an increased incidence of venous clot. The WHI also showed an increased incidence arterial disease, namely stroke, in patients who began HRT after the age of 65, although this effect was not significantly present in those who began therapy during their fifth decade.
Cardiovascular effects.
At the time of menopause, there are predictable effects on the lipid profile. Specifically, HDL decreases, while LDL, triglycerides and lipoprotein a increase. Supplemental estrogen improves the lipid profile by reversing each of these effects. Beyond this, it improves cardiac contractility, coronary artery blood flow, metabolism of carbohydrates, and decreases platelet aggregation and plaque formation. At the molecular level HRT may promote reverse cholesterol transport (RCT) via the induction of cholesterol ABC transporters.
The impact of hormone replacement on cardiovascular morbidity is a subject of much controversy in the medical literature. The reduced risk of cardiovascular diseases associated with hormone replacement therapy (HRT), reported in observational studies, has not been subsequently confirmed in randomized clinical trials. The increased risk of cardiovascular disease in the WHI was not statistically significant, and only found in the oldest women, and those who started HRT late after menopause began. The increase in risks of coronary heart disease in the treatment arm of the study varied according to age and years since onset of menopause. Women aged 50 to 59 using HRT showed a trend towards lower risk of coronary heart disease, as did women who were within five years of the onset of menopause.
The adverse cardiovascular outcomes may only apply to oral dosing with the progestin and equine estrogens in oral systemic therapy, while topical estradiol and estriol may not produce the same risks, due to the absence of anabolic effects of hepatic vitamin K dependent clotting factors.
Another recent randomized controlled trial found HRT may reduces development of heart disease and reduce the incidence of heart attack in women between 50 and 59, although not in women past the age of 60. The mechanism may have something to do with the contradictory effects of increasing propensity for clotting, versus positive effect on the lipid profile. Follow-up studies are being performed which are intended to confirm these findings. The increased risk of breast cancer remains.
Endometrial effects.
Unopposed estrogen (the supplementation of endogenous estrogens without a progestogen) can also result in endometrial hyperplasia, a precursor to endometrial cancer. The extensive use of high-dose estrogens for birth control in the 1970s is thought to have resulted in a significant increase in the incidence of this type of cancer.
Musculoskeletal effects.
HRT is effective at reversing the effects of aging on muscle.
Neurologic effects.
According to a 2007 presentation at an American Academy of Neurology meeting, hormone therapy taken soon after menopause may help protect against dementia, but it raises the risk of mental decline in women who do not take hormone replacement until they are older. Dementia risk was 1% in women who started HRT early, and 1.7% in women who didn't, (i.e. women who didn't take hormone replacement seem to have had—on average—a 70% higher relative risk of dementia than women who began HRT around the time of the beginning of menopause). This suggests that there may be a "critical period" during which time taking HRT may have benefits, but if HRT is initiated after that period, it will not have such benefits and may cause harm. This is consistent with research that hormone therapy improves executive and attention processes in postmenopausal women. It is also supported by research upon monkeys that were given ovariectomies to imitate the effect of menopause and then estrogen therapies. This showed replacement treated compared to nontreated monkeys had long term improved prefrontal cortex executive abilities on the Wisconsin Card Sorting Test.
Breast tissue effects.
A recent randomized controlled trial recently showed that increased breast cancer risk applied only to those women who take progesterone analogues, but not to those taking bio-identical progesterone itself, nor to hysterectomized women who take unopposed estrogen.
Some reports have not found an association of progesterone therapy and breast cancer. The absence of effect in these studies has been suggested to be due to selective prescription to overweight women, or to the very low progesterone serum levels after oral administration leading to a strong tumor inactivation rate.
Hip fractures.
Estrogen prevents the activity of osteoclasts, and improves bone mineral density. Hip fracture is a leading cause of morbidity and mortality in older females, and usually does not occur in the setting of osteoporosis. Estrogen is the only medical therapy that has been shown to prevent hip fractures in women that are not osteoporotic, with efficacy superior to bisphosphonates or calcium and vitamin D supplementation.
Premature stoppage of Women's Health Initiative.
Clinical medical practice changed based upon two parallel WHI studies of postmenopausal HRT. Prior studies were smaller, and many were of women who electively took hormonal therapy. The WHI studies were the first large, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trials of HRT in healthy, postmenopausal women.
One portion of the parallel studies followed over 16,000 women for an average of 5.2 years, half of whom took placebo, while the other half took a combination of the progestin medroxyprogesterone acetate (Provera) and conjugated equine estrogen (Premarin). The combination of hormones is referred to as Prempro.
This WHI estrogen-plus-progestin trial was stopped prematurely in 2002 because preliminary results suggested risks of combined conjugated equine estrogen and progestin exceeded their benefits. The first report on the halted WHI estrogen-plus-progestin study came out in July 2002.
The study reported statistically significant increases in rates of breast cancer, coronary heart disease, strokes and pulmonary emboli. The study also found statistically significant decreases in rates of hip fracture and colorectal cancer. "A year after the study was stopped in 2002, an article was published indicating that estrogen plus progestin also increases the risks of dementia." The conclusion of the study was that the HRT combination presented risks that outweighed its measured benefits. The results were almost universally reported as risks and problems associated with HRT in general, rather than with Prempro, the specific proprietary combination of conjugated equine estrogen and progestin studied.
After the increased clotting found in the first WHI results was reported in 2002, the number of Prempro prescriptions filled reduced by almost half. Following the WHI results, a large percentage of hormone replacement users opted out of them, which was quickly followed by a sharp drop in breast cancer rates. The decrease in breast cancer rates has continued in subsequent years. An unknown number of women started taking alternatives to Prempro, such as bioidentical hormones, though scientists have asserted that such hormones are not significantly different from Prempro. Advocates for bioidentical hormones have asserted that such hormones are different than the hormones in Prempro, and that therefore they are harmful and the negative results of the Prempro study is not applicable to bioidentical hormones. There are no wide scale studies to support this belief, however.
The other portion of the parallel studies featured women who were post hysterectomy so who consequently did not need to take a progestin when using estrogen. They were given either placebo or conjugated equine estrogen alone. This group did not show the risks demonstrated in the combination hormone study, and the estrogen-only study was not halted in 2002. However, in February 2004 it, too, was halted. While there was a 23% decreased incidence of breast cancer in the estrogen-only study participants, risks of stroke and pulmonary embolism were increased slightly, predominantly in patients who began HRT over the age of 60.
Women's Health Initiative limitations and criticisms.
The WHI trial was limited by low adherence, high attrition, inadequate power to detect risks for some outcomes, and evaluation of few regimens. The double blinding limited validity of study results due to its effects on patient exclusion criteria. Patients who were experiencing symptoms of the menopausal transition were excluded from the study, meaning that younger women who had only recently experienced menopause were not significantly represented. As a result, while the average age of menopause is age 51, study participants were on average 62 years of age. Demographically, the vast majority were Caucasian, and tended to be slightly overweight and former smokers.
Bioidentical hormone replacement therapy.
Bioidentical hormone replacement therapy refers to the use of hormones that are chemically identical to those produced in a woman's body. Proponents also claim that BHRT can offer advantages beyond those typical of traditional HRT. There is no evidence in the peer reviewed literature that validates or refutes these claims.
Some bioidentical hormone therapies are FDA approved. Others are provided in connection with the practices of pharmaceutical compounding and saliva testing to determine, and adjust a woman's hormone levels. The latter two practices are not widely accepted in clinical medicine. Compounding has not demonstrated any benefits and presents risks of uncertain dosing, potency and possible contamination. In addition, saliva testing is of limited utility due to natural fluctuations in hormone levels, and lack of consensus for ideal dosage in humans.
The United States Food and Drug Administration has stated that BHRT is unsupported by medical evidence, and its administration is considered false and misleading by the agency. The FDA has expressed concerned that unfounded claims like these mislead women and health care professionals. Traditional therapy has been researched to quantify these risks and benefits, and are produced by manufacturers with stringent purity and potency standards.
HRT and sexuality.
Menopause is the permanent cessation of menstruation resulting from loss of ovarian follicular activity. Menopause can be divided into early and late transition periods, also known as perimenopause and postmenopause. Each stage is marked by changes in hormonal patterns, which can induce menopausal symptoms. It is possible to induce menopause prematurely by surgically removing the ovary or ovaries (oophorectomy). This is often done as a consequence of ovarian failure, such as ovarian or uterine cancers. The most common side effects of the menopausal transition are: lack of sexual desire or libido, lack of sexual arousal, and vaginal dryness. The modification of women’s physiology can lead to changes in her sexual response, the development of sexual dysfunctions, and changes in her levels of sexual desire.
It is commonly perceived that once women near the end of their reproductive years and enter menopause that this equates to the end of her sexual life. However, especially since women today are living one third or more of their lives in a postmenopausal state, maintaining, if not improving, their quality of life, of which their sexuality can be a key determinant, is of importance. A recent study of sexual activities among women aged 40–69 revealed that 75% of women are sexually active at this age; this indicates that the sexual health and satisfaction of menopausal women are an aspect of sexual health and quality of life that is worthy of attention by health care professionals. 
A major complaint among postmenopausal women is decreased libido, and many may seek medical consultation for this. Several hormonal changes take place during the menopausal period, including a decrease in estrogen levels and an increase in follicle-stimulating hormone. For most women, the majority of change occurs during the late perimenopausal and postmenopausal stages. Decrease in other hormones such as the sex hormone-binding globulim (SHBG) and inhibin (A and B) also take place in the postmenopausal period. Testosterone, a hormone more commonly associated with males, is also present in women. It peaks at age 30, but declines with age, so there is little variation across the lifetime and during the menopausal transition. However, in surgically induced menopause, instead of the levels of estrogens and testosterone slowly declining over time, they decline very sharply, resulting in more severe symptoms.
In menopausal women, sexual functioning can impact several dimensions of a woman’s life, including her physical, psychological, and mental well-being. During the onset of menopause, sexuality can be a critical issue in determining whether one begins to experience changes in their sexual response cycle. Both age- and menopause-related events can affect the integrity of a woman’s biological systems involved in the sexual response cycle, which include hormone environment, neuro-muscular substrates, and vascular supplies. Therefore, it can be appropriate to make use of HRT, especially in women with low or declining quality of life due to sexual difficulties.
Current research that has examined the impact of menopause on women’s self-reported sexual satisfaction indicates that 50.3% of women experience some sexual disturbance in one of five domains, and 33.7% experience disturbances in two of the domains. Of these were desire, orgasm, lubrication, and arousal disturbances. With regards to arousal, they found a significant negative association between age and arousal, in that as women aged they were more likely to report lower arousal scores. In the desire and orgasm domains, 38% of women reported a disturbances in their desire, and 17% reported a disturbance in their orgasm capabilities; of the 17%, 14% were premenopausal, 15.2% were postmenopausal and taking a form of HRT, and 22% were postmenopausal not on a form of HRT. Eight percent of women reported disturbances lubricating during sexual activity; 14.3% in the premenopausal group, 30% in the postmenopausal group not using a HRT, and 11.7% among those postmenopausal women using HRT. Lastly, 21% of women reported pain as a disturbance in their sexual satisfaction- the premenopausal group at 14.3%, the postmenopausal women using HRT at 13.3% and the group with the highest rates, similarly to the other results, was the postmenopausal women not taking HRT at 34%. This study concluded that there was a significant decline in sexual function related to menopause in the pain and lubrication domains.
The maintenance and improvement of quality of life during the menopausal period is at the core of estrogen and progestin-based hormone therapy. Both HRT and estrogen replacement therapy (ERT) have been shown to enhance sexual desire in a significant percent of women; however, as with all pharmacological treatments, not all women have been responsive, especially those with preexisting sexual difficulties. ERT restores vaginal cells, pH levels, and blood flow to the vagina, all of which are associated with the onset of menopause. Dyspareunia (due to vaginal dryness) appears to be the most responsive component of menopausal women’s sexuality to ERT. It also has been shown to have positive effects on the urinary tract and atrophy and may initially improve libido or sexual sensitivity. Other improvements in areas such as sexual desire, arousal, fantasies, and frequency of coitus and orgasm have also been noted. However, the effectiveness of ERT has been shown to decline in some women after long-term use. A number of studies have found that the combined effects of estrogen/androgen replacement therapy can increase a woman’s motivational aspects of sexual behaviour over and above what can be achieved with estrogen therapy alone. Findings on a relatively new form of HRT called tibolone- a synthetic steroid with estrogenic, androgenic, and progestogenic properties- suggest that it has the ability to improve mood, libido, and somatic symptoms of surgically menopausal women to a greater degree than ERT. In various placebo-controlled studies, improvements in vasomotor symptoms, emotional reactions, sleep disturbances, somatic symptoms, and sexual desire have been observed. However, while this is and has been available in Europe for almost two decades, this has not been approved for use in North America at this point.
Effects on sexuality in transsexuals.
Cross-sex hormone treatment is an integral component in the medical treatment of transsexuals, as the hormones can lead to decreasing the dichotomy between an individual's body and their gender identity. Managing long-term hormonal regimens have not been studied and are difficult to estimate because research on the long-term use of hormonal therapy has not been noted. However, it is possible to speculate the outcomes of these therapies on transsexual people based on the knowledge of the current effects of gonadal hormones on sexual functioning in cisgender men and women.
Firstly, if one is to decrease testosterone in MtF transsexuals, it is likely that sexual desire and arousal would be inhibited; alternatively, if high doses of estrogen negatively impact sexual desire, which has been found in some research with natal women, it is hypothesized that combining androgens with high levels of estrogen would intensify this outcome. Unfortunately, to date there haven’t been any randomized clinical trials looking at the relationship between type and dose of cross-sex hormone therapy, so the relationship between them remains unclear. Typically, the estrogens given to MtF transsexuals were 2-3 times higher than the recommended dose for HRT in postmenopausal women. While pharmokinetic studies indicate that by taking these increased doses it may lead to a higher boost in plasma estradiol levels; however, since the long-term side effects haven’t been studied, the safety of this route is unclear.
As with any pharmacological or hormone treatment, there are potential side effects, which in the case of hormone therapy include changes in sexual functioning. These have the ability to significantly impact sexual functioning, either directly or indirectly through the various side effects, such as cerebrovascular disorders, obesity, and mood fluctuations. In addition, some research has found an onset of diabetes following feminizing hormone therapy, which impairs sexual response. Whatever route an individual and his or her doctor choose to take, it is important to consider both the medical risks of hormone therapy as well as the psychological needs of the patient.
History.
The extraction of conjugated estrogens from the urine of pregnant mares led to the marketing in 1943 of the first HRT treatment, Premarin. From that time until 1975, estrogen was administered without supplemental progesterone or progestin. A study from Kaiser Permanente by Dr. Harry Ziel demonstrated that in the absence of progesterone, patients were at increased risk of endometrial cancer with unopposed estrogen therapy. After this, progestin was supplemented in women who had not received surgical hysterectomy, to reduce the incidence of endometrial hyperplasia and cancer. This was followed by the Women's Health Initiative (WHI) in 2002. However, the arm of the WHI receiving combined Estrogen and Progesterone therapy was closed prematurely by its Data Monitoring Committee (DMC) due to perceived health risks, although the trial arm was stopped only a full year after the data suggesting increased risk became manifest. In 2004, the arm of the WHI in which post-hysterectomy patients were being treated with estrogen alone was also closed by the DMC.
Administration and formulations.
HRT is available in various forms. It generally provides low dosages of one or more estrogens, and often also provides either progesterone or a chemical analogue, called a progestin. Testosterone may also be included. Some HRT treatments such as Livial contain Tibolone, an anabolic steroid, that has the properties of oestrogen, progestogen and testosterone. Such treatments aren't usually recommended to women who are perimenopausal or for at least 12 months after the last menstrual period.
In women who have had a hysterectomy, an estrogen is usually given without any progesterone, a therapy referred to as "unopposed estrogen therapy". HRT may be delivered to the body via patches, tablets, creams, troches, IUDs, vaginal rings, gels or, more rarely, by injection. For example, vaginally administered estrogens include those given by intravaginal tablets, creams and rings, and can have more effect on atrophic vaginitis with fewer systemic effects than estrogens delivered by other means.
Dosage is often varied cyclically to more closely mimic the ovarian hormone cycle, with estrogens taken daily and progesterone or progestins taken for about two weeks every month or two; a method called "cyclic HRT" or "sequentially combined HRT" (abbreviated scHRT). An alternate method, a constant dosage with both types of hormones taken daily, is called "continuous combined HRT" or ccHRT, and is a more recent innovation. Sometimes an androgen, generally testosterone, is added to treat diminished libido. It may also treat reduced energy and help reduce osteoporosis after menopause.
HRT is often given as a short-term relief (often one or two years, usually less than five) from menopausal symptoms (hot flushes, irregular menstruation, fat redistribution, etc.). Younger women with premature ovarian failure or surgical menopause may use hormone replacement therapy for many years, until the age that natural menopause would be expected to occur.
Formulations of estradiol include:
In addition, there are many formulations of estradiol combined with one of various progestins, such as norethisterone (in "Activelle", "Novofem" and "Cliovelle"), levonorgestrel, medroxyprogesterone (in "Indivina"), dienogest or drospirenone.

</doc>
<doc id="19526036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19526036" title="Joan Holloway">
Joan Holloway

Joan P. Harris (née Holloway) (born February 24, 1931) is a fictional character on AMC's television series "Mad Men". She is portrayed by Christina Hendricks.
Fictional character biography.
Background.
From Season 1 through Season 3, Joan is the office manager at the advertising agency Sterling Cooper. Her primary responsibilities are to manage the secretarial, steno, and telephone operators pools, attend to the needs of the executives, and organize agency events. She is also seen during meetings with the heads of departments, implementing "Roberts Rules of Order", taking notes, and reminding the male staff of their duties to their clients (such as keeping in touch with clients and keeping track of expenses), and assisting the CFO, Lane Pryce, with SC financial duties.
Joan had an affair with her boss Roger Sterling, Jr. (John Slattery), ending it after Sterling suffers a heart attack. After Marilyn Monroe's death, Roger walks into his office to find Joan lying on his couch and dabbing her eyes. Realizing she is upset over the similarities she sees between the actress's life and her own, Roger comforts Joan by assuring her she will not end up alone and in despair like Monroe.
Joan had also had an intimate relationship with Sterling Cooper copywriter Paul Kinsey, before the series began. Her roommate, Carol, whom Joan knows from college, has expressed romantic interest in Joan, too, although Joan ignores her romantic overtures.
In Season 2, Joan gets engaged to Greg Harris (played by actor Samuel Page), a doctor at St. Luke's Hospital. As the season goes on, Joan is clearly torn between wanting to be a well-off, married woman (implied to be the pinnacle of Joan's ambitions) and fearing that she will become a bored, lonely housewife. Her feelings are exacerbated when she is briefly given additional responsibilities at Sterling Cooper reading television scripts to determine ad placement, until Harry Crane hires a young, somewhat clueless man to take over the ad placement job, to her surprise.
In "The Mountain King", Greg picks Joan up at Sterling Cooper for a dinner date. Greg meets Roger Sterling for the first time and immediately becomes suspicious that Roger seems to know Joan's likes and dislikes. Joan has not told Greg she'd had an affair with Roger; instead she says she has worked there for nine years (implying that she has been with the agency since 1953). He then follows Joan as she goes into Don Draper's office to lock up, forces her to the floor, and rapes her.
In the interim between Seasons 2 and 3, Joan and Greg have married. A highlight of Season 3's third episode, "My Old Kentucky Home", is a furious Joan's coolly-accomplished rendition, in American-accented French, of "C'est Magnifique", accompanying herself on the accordion for her dinner guests, at Greg's insistence.
Joan leaves Sterling Cooper to become a housewife in Season 3, but is later seen by Pete Campbell working at Bonwit Teller due to Greg's failure to receive a promotion at the hospital where he works. Joan mentions to Pete that Greg is considering going into psychiatry.
When Greg fails to land a job as a psychiatrist, despite Joan's having helped her husband practice for the interview, the couple have a heated argument, ending with Joan's smashing a vase over Greg's head. Joan later places a call to Roger Sterling's office after hours, asking him to help her find another office manager job. Greg ultimately decides to obtain an officer's commission in the Army (where he will serve as a military surgeon), informing Joan that he can now provide for her, and she will no longer have to work. Despite this, in the Season 3 finale, when Don, Roger, Bert, and Lane need help with the clandestine launch of the new Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce, Roger calls Joan to help them find accounting materials and client records. When the new company sets up shop at The Pierre hotel, Joan takes the position of office manager.
At Sterling, Cooper, Draper, Pryce (SCDP).
Joan is recognized by most (though not all) of the staff as being integral in SCDP's daily operations. A notable feature of Joan's new office is an intercom to the conference room that she can use to monitor meetings within, a feature conveniently forgotten by everyone except her and Peggy.
In Season 4, Joan and Greg are shown trying to conceive, but their marriage is strained by Greg's having to attend basic training and later being sent to Vietnam. In his absence, Joan and Roger briefly rekindle their affair, after being mugged one night while walking home from a friendly dinner. Their night of passion leaves Joan pregnant, and she and Roger furtively discuss the matter over a hasty lunch. Initially, she states she will "take care of it" and is later shown sitting in the waiting room of an abortion clinic and riding the bus home later that night. Some months later, however, in the season finale, she is seen speaking with Greg over the phone about her pregnancy, having informed him the child is his and promising to send him a new picture of herself. In the same episode, she receives a title-only promotion to Director of Agency Operations, in recognition of her role in keeping SCDP afloat amid its recent financial troubles. Other season 4 developments include Joan's working relationship with Peggy, the only other high-ranking woman at SCDP.
In the Season 5 premiere, Greg is still in Vietnam, and Joan has given birth to a boy named Kevin and is finishing her maternity leave from SCDP, making plans for returning to work. Her mother, Gail, with whom she has a somewhat tense relationship but whose help she nonetheless needs, is staying with her to help with the baby.
In "Mystery Date", Greg returns home from Vietnam, but informs Joan he is being ordered to go back for an additional year. When it becomes clear that Greg actually reenlisted voluntarily, Joan becomes enraged and throws him out of their home, saying she's glad the Army makes him feel like a man, because she's tired of trying to do it. He protests that he is "a good man", but Joan tells him he has never been a good man, even before they were married, "and you know what I'm talking about" (alluding to his raping her on Don Draper's office floor). He issues an ultimatum before leaving, saying if he goes, their relationship will be over. Joan agrees and Greg promptly leaves home.
In "Christmas Waltz", she is upset when a process server shows up at the SCDP office to serve her with divorce papers and, after an angry outburst at SDCP's receptionist, she abruptly leaves the office with Don, first to test drive a Jaguar, and then to spend the remainder of the afternoon drinking in a midtown bar, during which time she confesses to Don that she is unsure of how to start over now with a baby.
In "The Other Woman", Joan is taken aback when the partners (minus Don, who dissents) present her with an offer that she sleep with a high-profile client (Herb Rennick, from Jaguar), in order to secure them an account. She eventually agrees, thinking that all of the partners agreed to the offer (later learning to her chagrin that Don was vehemently opposed). At Lane's suggestion, she demands 5% of SCDP and a voting partnership instead of the $50,000 lump sum she was initially offered, which the partners are forced to agree to. Joan's overall role in day-to-day operations doesn't change much beyond the fact that she now votes in partners' meetings (expressing irritation at the secretary who replaces her taking notes).
In "Commissions and Fees", Joan discovers Lane's body while trying to get into his office one morning. She later expresses confusion to Don over Lane's suicide, unaware that Lane had embezzled funds using Don's signature (and that Lane's suggestion that she demand a partnership, rather than the $50,000 lump sum was, in part, an attempt to keep the embezzlement concealed). In the Season 5 finale, Joan appears to have taken over Lane's accounting duties and presides over the acquisition of new office space for the firm. 
At Sterling Cooper & Partners (SC&P).
At the start of Season 6, Joan has settled into her new role as partner at SCDP. In "To Have and To Hold", Joan discovers that Harry Crane's secretary has been having Dawn (Don's secretary) punching out her time cards. Joan, well aware of the hours Don works vs. those that Harry does, confronts them, during which Harry's secretary tries to convince Dawn to cover for her. A furious Joan fires her, but Harry vents his frustration and expresses resentment over Joan's having been made partner and the way she achieved it, while he himself has been repeatedly passed over. A visit from a childhood friend during this same episode causes Joan to reevaluate her priorities and goals.
In "Man with a Plan", Joan presides over the complicated physical logistics of SCDP's merger with CGC. CGC's secretaries express irritation at being placed under Joan's command, but she brushes them off to warmly welcome Peggy back. Bob Benson, an eager new hire in accounts, later walks in on Joan in extreme pain and offers to escort her out under the cover of bothering her as he does everyone else. Bob remains with her at the hospital and his quick thinking gets her expedited care. Joan is suspicious of Bob's motives for helping her, but her mother advises her that not every good deed is a front. Joan quietly steps in to save Bob's job when he is about to be laid off. 
By "The Better Half", Joan has accepted Bob's friendship and is seen preparing to go to the beach with him and Kevin. Roger appears unannounced and is suspicious of Bob's presence (Bob is, of course, totally unaware of his history with Joan). Roger wants to be part of Joan and Kevin's lives, but she tells him that she intends to let Kevin grow up thinking that Greg, a military man and potential hero, is his father, and that Roger is too unreliable to be a father figure.
In "A Tale of Two Cities", Joan goes on what she assumes is a blind date with an Avon executive, arranged by the aforementioned childhood friend from "To Have And To Hold". It turns out that this is a business meeting, as Avon is looking for a new direction, and both her friend and her date seem unaware that Joan runs Operations and not Accounts. Joan, who by now has become interested in expanding her role at the firm, recruits Peggy to assist her in securing the account, but nearly blows it by excluding Pete from the proceedings and coming on aggressively at the meeting. Peggy is able to narrowly salvage the situation and the two women again reach an understanding. 
Later on, Joan easily sees the chemistry and attraction between Peggy and Ted Chaough, but doesn't mention it to anyone until they go over budget for a commercial, when she informs Don. Joan is shocked when Don smoothes the client's feathers by saying the expensive idea was that of the deceased Gleason, averting the client's anger but embarrassing Ted and taking credit from Peggy. As a result, when Thanksgiving, 1968 approaches, Joan joins with Cooper, Sterling and Cutler in placing Don on leave, being concerned with Don's erratic behavior and its overall effect on the firm. Joan reveals that she has made arrangements for Creative to continue functioning, with Ted Chaough overseeing Peggy long-distance. On Thanksgiving itself, Joan invites Roger, who has been excluded from his daughter's house, to spend it with her. When Roger responds negatively to the presence of Bob, whom Joan had also invited, she warns him that she is allowing him into Kevin's life, but not hers.
Personality.
Embodying the role of femme fatale, Holloway is a bold and sassy character. Creating the character, "Mad Men"s creator Matthew Weiner tried to make the character appear not as a television stereotype but an unpredictable and complicated woman. "The Boston Globe" has said that Holloway occupies "a sort of middle ground between the show's main female characters, who represent opposing paths for women of their day"; as Betty Draper (January Jones) gave up a modeling career to become a housewife and Peggy Olson (Elisabeth Moss) tries to become a copywriter in "a world where men routinely call women 'girls', and sometimes literally chase them through the office". Holloway is considered the queen bee of the office secretarial pool. As shown in the third season finale, her role at Sterling Cooper (and later Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce) is made clear. The office is essentially unable to operate without her, as no one else knows how the office is organized.
Joan was born on February 24, 1931, is 5 feet 8 inches tall, is a green-eyed redhead, and her New York State drivers license (as of Season 2) indicates she weighs 140 pounds. She lives at 42 West 12th Street, apartment 4C. As the show is now set in the late 60s, many commentators seized upon Joan's friendship with the apparently gay Bob Benson and pointed out that the Stonewall Inn is not far from Joan's residence.
In an interview with "USA Today", portrayer Christina Hendricks explained that people think her character is "hot" because "She's got fire to her. She snaps back. And men love her because she's in touch with her sexuality and femininity. The men in the office can play with her a little bit. They can tease her, and she's not going to be in the bathroom crying later." In the season two episode "Maidenform", each secretary is categorized as either a Marilyn Monroe or a Jackie Kennedy as a campaign for Playtex; when asked what kind of woman Holloway is, Kinsey answers: "Well, Marilyn's really a Joan, not the other way around".
Creation and development.
Weiner was influenced by books of Helen Gurley Brown when he wrote the part of Joan. He originally envisioned Holloway as a "smaller", "mousier" and more "sharp-tongued" character, but he changed his mind when Hendricks was cast. Initially, Holloway was set to be a guest role only. However, the role was extended to regular status because of Hendricks' "on-screen magnetism".
Hendricks first read for the part of Midge Daniels, a recurring character in the first season, and was asked to return and audition for the role of Holloway. She had only received a small part of the script and when she read the scene from the pilot in which Peggy Olson visits a gynecologist, Hendricks thought it was "messed up" because she did not yet know the show took place during the 1960s.

</doc>
<doc id="19526042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19526042" title="4 Camelopardalis">
4 Camelopardalis

4 Camelopardalis is a star in double system in the constellation Camelopardalis.

</doc>
<doc id="19526055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19526055" title="Internet Watch Foundation">
Internet Watch Foundation

The Internet Watch Foundation (IWF) is a registered charity based in Cambridgeshire, England. It states that its remit is "to minimise the availability of 'potentially criminal' Internet content, specifically images of child sexual abuse (including child pornography) hosted anywhere, and criminally obscene adult content in the UK". Content inciting racial hatred was removed from the IWF's remit on the setting up of a police website for the purpose in April 2011. The IWF clarifies on its website that "potentially" criminal activity is addressed, as content can be "confirmed" to be criminal only by a court of law. As part of its function, the IWF says that it will "supply partners with an accurate and current URL list to enable blocking of child sexual abuse content". It has "an excellent and responsive national Hotline reporting service" for receiving reports from the public. In addition to receiving referrals from the public, its agents also proactively search the peer-to-peer networks of the deep web to identify potentially illegal images. It can then ask service providers to take down the websites containing the images or to block them if they fall outside UK jurisdiction.
From 2010 the Office of Government Commerce (OGC) required all procurement specifications for the provision of Internet-related services to government agencies and public bodies to require the Internet service provider (ISP) to block access to sites on the IWF list.
The IWF operates in informal partnership with the police, government, public, and Internet service providers. Originally formed to police suspected child pornography online, the IWF's remit was later expanded to cover criminally obscene material.
The IWF is an incorporated charity, limited by guarantee, and largely funded by voluntary contributions from UK communications service providers, including ISPs, mobile phone operators, Internet trade associations, search engines, hardware manufacturers, and software providers. It also receives funding from the Association for Payment Clearing Services and the European Union.
The IWF is governed by a Board of Trustees which consists of an independent chair, six non-industry representatives, and three industry representatives. The Board monitors and reviews IWF's remit, strategy, policy and budget to enable the IWF to achieve its objectives. The IWF operates from offices in Cambridge Research Park, near Cambridge.
History.
Background.
During 1996 the Metropolitan Police told the Internet Service Providers Association (ISPA) that the content carried by some of the newsgroups made available by them was illegal, that they considered the ISPs involved to be publishers of that material, and that they were therefore breaking the law. In August 1996, Chief Inspector Stephen French, of the Metropolitan Police Clubs & Vice Unit, sent an open letter to the ISPA, requesting that they ban access to a list of 132 newsgroups, many of which were deemed to contain pornographic images or explicit text.
The list was arranged so that the first section consisted of unambiguously titled paedophile newsgroups, then continued with other kinds of groups which the police wanted to restrict access to, including "alt.binaries.pictures.erotica.cheerleaders" and "alt.binaries.pictures.erotic.centerfolds".
Although this action had taken place without any prior debate in Parliament or elsewhere, the police, who appeared to be doing their best to create and not simply to enforce the law, were not acting entirely on their own initiative. Alan Travis, Home Affairs editor of the newspaper "The Guardian", explained in his book "Bound and Gagged" that Ian Taylor, the Conservative Science and Industry Minister at the time, had underlined an explicit threat to ISPs that if they did not stop carrying the newsgroups in question, the police would act against any company that provided their users with "pornographic or violent material". Taylor went on to make it clear that there would be
calls for legislation to regulate all aspects of the Internet unless service providers were seen to wholeheartedly "responsible self-regulation".
The ISP Demon Internet regarded the police request as "unacceptable censorship"; however, its attitude annoyed ISPA chairman Shez Hamill, who said:
Following this, a tabloid-style exposé of Demon Internet appeared in the "Observer" newspaper, which alleged that Clive Feather (a director of Demon) "provides paedophiles with access to thousands of photographs of children being sexually abused".
During the summer and autumn of 1996 the UK police made it known that they were planning to raid an ISP with the aim of launching a test case regarding the publication of obscene material over the Internet. The direct result of the campaign of threats and pressure was the establishment of the Internet Watch Foundation (initially known as the Safety Net Foundation) in September 1996.
Foundation of IWF.
Facilitated by the Department of Trade & Industry (DTI), discussions were held between certain ISPs, the Metropolitan Police, the Home Office, and a body called the "Safety Net Foundation" (formed by the Dawe Charitable Trust). This resulted in the "R3 Safety Net Agreement", where "R3" referred to the triple approach of rating, reporting, and responsibility. In September 1996, this agreement was made between the ISPA, LINX, and the Safety Net Foundation, which was subsequently renamed the Internet Watch Foundation. The agreement set requirements for associated ISPs regarding identifiability and traceability of Internet users; ISPs had to cooperate with the IWF to identify providers of illegal content and facilitate easier traceability.
Demon Internet was a driving force behind the IWF's creation, and one of its employees, Clive Feather, became the IWF's first chair of the Funding Board and solicitor Mark Stephens the First Chair of the IWF's Policy Board. The Policy Board developed codes, guidance, operational oversight and a hotline for reporting content.
The Funding Board, made up of industry representatives and Chair of Policy Board, provided the wherewithall for the IWF's day to day activities as set down and required by the Policy Board.
After 3 years of operation, the IWF was reviewed for the DTI and the Home Office by consultants KPMG and Denton Hall. Their report was delivered in October 1999 and resulted in a number of changes being made to the role and structure of the organisation, and it was relaunched in early 2000, endorsed by the government and the DTI, which played a "facilitating role in its creation", according to a DTI spokesman.
At the time, Patricia Hewitt, then Minister for E-Commerce, said: "The Internet Watch Foundation plays a vital role in combating criminal material on the Net." To counter accusations that the IWF was biased in favour of the ISPs, a new independent chairman was appointed, Roger Darlington, former head of research at the Communication Workers Union.
The website.
The IWF's website offers a web-based government-endorsed method for reporting suspect online content and remains the only such operation in the United Kingdom. It acts as a Relevant Authority in accordance with the Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) concerning Section 46 of the Sexual Offences Act 2003 (meaning that its analysts will not be prosecuted for looking at illegal content in the course of their duties). Reports can be submitted anonymously. According to the IWF MOU "If potentially illegal content is hosted in the UK the IWF will work with the relevant service provider and British police agency to have the content ‘taken down’ and assist as necessary to
have the offender(s) responsible for distributing the offending content detected." Potentially illegal content includes:
However, almost the whole of the IWF site is concerned with suspected child pornography with little mention of other criminally obscene material, also within their remit. Images judged by the IWF to be child pornography are blocked.
The Government claimed that they would also be handling images of adult "extreme pornography", which became illegal for people in the UK to possess on 26 January 2009. The IWF includes "extreme pornography" as an example under "criminally obscene content", meaning that they will report material hosted in the UK, or uploaded by someone in the UK, but regarding blocking sites "with those categories, our remit will only go so far as to refer sites hosted in the UK to the appropriate authorities."
The IWF states that it works in partnership with UK Government departments such as the Home Office and the Department for Business, Enterprise and Regulatory Reform to influence initiatives and programmes developed to combat online abuse.
They are funded by the European Union and the online industry. This includes Internet service providers, mobile operators and manufacturers, content service providers, telecommunications and filtering companies, search providers and the financial sector as well as blue-chip and other organisations who support the IWF for corporate social responsibility reasons.
Through their "Hotline" reporting system, the organisation helps ISPs to combat abuse of their services through a "notice and take down" service by alerting them to any potentially illegal content within their remit on their systems and simultaneously invites the police to investigate the publisher.
The IWF has connections with the Virtual Global Taskforce, the Serious Organised Crime Agency and the Child Exploitation and Online Protection Centre.
Management.
Susie Hargreaves was appointed CEO in September 2011 
Cross-border aspects.
Previously, the IWF passed on notifications of suspected child pornography hosted on non-UK servers to the UK National Criminal Intelligence Service which in turn forwards it to Interpol or the relevant foreign police authority. It now works with the Serious Organised Crime Agency instead. The IWF does not, however, pass on notifications of other types of potentially illegal content hosted outside the UK.
Blacklist of web pages.
The IWF compiles and maintains a list of URLs for individual webpages with child sexual abuse content. A whole website will only be included on the list if that whole domain is dedicated to the distribution of child sexual abuse images. It says "every URL on the list depicts indecent images of children, advertisements for or links to such content, on a publicly available website. The list typically contains 500 - 800 URLs at any one time and is updated twice a day to ensure all entries are still live". Offending UK URLs are not listed as they are taken down very quickly; URLs elsewhere are listed only until they are removed. The list is applied by the ISPs of 95% of commercial Internet customers in the UK. According to the IWF website, blocking applies only to potentially criminal URLs related to child sexual abuse content on publicly available websites; the distribution of images through other channels such as peer-to-peer is a matter for "our police partners", and IWF has no plans to extend the type of content included on the list.
A staff of four police-trained analysts are responsible for this work, and the director of the service has claimed that the analysts are capable of adding an average of 65-80 new URLs to the list each week, and act on reports received from the public rather than pursuing investigative research.
Between 2004 and 2006, BT Group introduced its Cleanfeed technology which was then used by 80% of internet service providers. BT spokesman Jon Carter described Cleanfeed's function as "to block access to illegal Web sites that are listed by the Internet Watch Foundation", and described it as essentially a server hosting a filter that checked requested URLs for Web sites on the IWF list, and returning an error message of "Web site not found" for positive matches.
In 2006, Home Office minister Alan Campbell pledged that all ISPs would block access to child abuse websites by the end of 2007. By the middle of 2006 the government reported that 90% of domestic broadband connections were either currently blocking or had plans to by the end of the year. The target for 100% coverage was set for the end of 2007, however in the middle of 2008 it stood at 95%. In February 2009, the Government said that it is looking at ways to cover the final 5%. In an interview in March 2009, a Home Office spokesperson mistakenly thought that the IWF deleted illegal content, and didn't look at the content they rate.
Although the IWF's blacklist causes content to be censored even if the content has not been found to be illegal by a court of law, IWF Director of Communications Sarah Robertson claimed, on 8 December 2008, that the IWF is opposed to the censorship of legal content. In the case of the IWF's blacklisting of cover art hosted on Wikipedia just a few days prior, she claimed that “The IWF found the image to be illegal”, despite the body not having any legal jurisdiction to do so.
In March 2009 a Home Office spokesperson said that ISPs were being pressured to sign up to the IWF's blacklist in order to block child pornography websites and said that there was no alternative to using the IWF's blacklist. Zen Internet previously refused to use the IWF's blacklist citing "concerns over its efectiveness", however it quietly joined the foundation in September 2009 while still maintaining its concerns.
As of 2009, the blacklist was said to contain about 450 URLs. A 2009 study by researcher Richard Clayton at the University of Cambridge found that about a quarter of them were specific pages on otherwise legitimate free file hosting services, among them RapidShare, Megaupload, SendSpace and Zshare. Listing these pages on the confidential blacklist of "pages" would cause all accesses to the "sites" hosting them to be referred to the IWF, potentially causing unintended interference as discussed below.
Incidents.
R v Walker.
R v Walker, sometimes called the "Girls (Scream) Aloud Obscenity Trial", was the first prosecution for written material under Section 2(1) of the Obscene Publications Act in nearly two decades. It involved the prosecution of Darryn Walker for posting a story entitled "Girls (Scream) Aloud" on an internet erotic story site in 2008. The story was a fictional written account describing the kidnap, rape and murder of pop group Girls Aloud. It was reported to the IWF who passed the information on to Scotland Yard’s Obscene Publications Unit. During the trial the prosecution claimed that the story could be "easily accessed" by young fans of Girls Aloud. However, the defence demonstrated that it could only be located by those specifically searching for such material. As a result the case was abandoned and the defendant cleared of all charges.
Wikipedia.
On 5 December 2008, the IWF system started blacklisting a Wikipedia article covering the Scorpions' 1976 album "Virgin Killer", and an image of its original LP cover art which appeared on that article. Users of some major ISPs, including BT, Vodafone, Virgin Media/Tesco.net, Be/O2, EasyNet/UK Online/Sky Broadband, PlusNet, Demon, and TalkTalk (Opal Telecom), were unable to access the filtered content. Although controversial, the album and image are still available, both through Internet shopping sites and from physical shops. The image had been reported to the IWF by a reader, and the IWF determined that it could be seen as potentially illegal. The IWF estimated the block affected 95% of British residential users. The IWF has since rescinded the block, issuing the following statement:
Additionally, many UK Internet users were unable to edit Wikipedia pages unless registered and logged in with Wikipedia. This is reported to be due to the single blacklisted article causing all Wikipedia traffic from ISPs using the system to be routed through a transparent proxy server. Wikipedia distinguishes unlogged-in users from each other by their IP address, so interpreted all unlogged-in users from a particular ISP as a single user editing massively from the proxy address, which triggered Wikipedia's anti-abuse mechanism, blocking them.
Wayback Machine.
On 14 January 2009 some UK users reported that all of the 85 billion pages of the Internet Archive (Wayback Machine) had been blocked, although the IWF's policy is to block only individual offending webpages, not whole domains. According to IWF chief executive Peter Robbins this was due to a "technical hitch". Because the Internet Archive's web site contained URLs on the IWF's blacklist, requests sent there from Demon Internet carried a particular header, which clashed with the Internet Archive's internal mechanism to convert web links when serving archived versions of web pages. The actual blocked URL which had caused the incident never became publicly known.
Unintended effects.
Of proxy server used by ISPs.
Many ISPs implement IWF filtering by using a transparent proxy server of their own, unconnected with IWF. Quoting Plusnet "If the IP address matches that of a server that's used to host one of the websites on the IWF list then your request is diverted to a proxy server." The hosting server itself is not blacklisted, the problem is due to requesting a page from a server which also hosts a listed page. The IWF lists the Internet companies which have voluntarily committed to block access to artistic and political web pages. These companies may use transparent proxies or other techniques.
Using a transparent proxy has the unintended side effect, quite independent of IWF filtering, of appearing to websites connected to as originating from the proxy IP instead of the user's real IP. Some sites detect the user's IP and adjust their behaviour accordingly. For example, if trying to download files from a file distribution website which restricts free-of-charge usage by enforcing a delay of typically 30 minutes between downloads, any attempt to download is interpreted as originating from the ISP's proxy rather than the user. The consequence is that if "any" user of that ISP has downloaded "any" file from the site in the last half-hour (which is very likely for a large ISP), the download is not allowed. This is an unintended consequence of ISP's use of proxy servers, not IWF filtering. File sharing sites distribute files of all types; for example Linux distribution files, which are very large. The use of proxy servers is also reported to have caused the problem with editing Wikipedia (but not the blocking of the actual offending web page) reported above.
Criticism.
Ineffectiveness.
IWF filtering has been criticised as interfering with legitimate Internet activity while being ineffective against anyone intending to access objectionable content. One carefully argued discussion, while opposing such things as child pornography and terrorism, points out that filtering has side effects, as discussed in this section, and would not stop access to material such as child porn as it would not stop email, ftp, https, p2p, usenet, irc, or many other ways to access the same content. As there are simple encryptions systems, it never can stop it - at best it just drives it underground and harder to assess and track.
Charity status.
In February 2009 a Yorkshire-based software developer lodged a formal complaint regarding the IWF status as a charity with the Charity Commission, in which he pointed out that "regulating the worst of the internet" was "not really a charitable purpose", and that the IWF existed mainly to serve the interests of ISPs subscribing to it rather than the public. An IWF spokesperson said that the IWF had attained charitable status in 2004 "in order to subject itself to more robust governance requirements and the higher levels of scrutiny and accountability which charity law, alongside company law, brings with it". The IWF is listed by fakecharities.org, "a directory of those so-called charities that receive substantial funding from either the UK or EU governments". It has also been termed a quango by critics, implying poor management and lack of accountability.
False positives.
Following the IWF's blacklisting of the Wikipedia article, the organisation's operating habits came under scrutiny. J.R. Raphael of PC World stated that the incident had raised serious free-speech issues, and that it was alarming that one non-governmental organisation was ultimately acting as the "morality police" for about 95% of UK's Internet users. Frank Fisher of "The Guardian" criticized the IWF for secretiveness and lack of legal authority, among other things, and noted that the blacklist could contain anything and that the visitor of a blocked address may not know if their browsing is being censored.
Pressure to implement filtering.
The government believes that a self-regulatory system is the best solution, and the Metropolitan Police also believe that working with ISPs, rather than trying to force them via legislation, is the way forward. The IWF has a list of URLs considered to host objectionable material (distinct from the actual, confidential, blacklist of pages) which is available to ISPs, but ISPs are not obliged to subscribe to it.
Legality.
As a "self-appointed, self-regulated internet watchdog, which views user-submitted content and compiles a list of websites that it deems to contain illegal images" there have been questions raised regarding the legality of their viewing content that would normally constitute a criminal offence.
Secrecy.
The IWF has been criticized for blacklisting legal content and for not telling websites that they are being blocked.
Technical issues.
The blacklisting of sites may be concealed by a generic HTTP 404 "page not found" message rather than an explanation that the content has been censored. The exact method of censorship is determined by the implementing ISP; BT, for example, return HTTP 404 pages, whereas Demon return a message stating that the page is censored, and why.
At the time of the Wikipedia blocking, performance issues accessing the site from the UK were reported.

</doc>
<doc id="19526058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19526058" title="Karen Poulsen">
Karen Poulsen

Karen Poulsen (10 May 1881 – 15 February 1953) was a Danish stage and film actress.

</doc>
<doc id="19526078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19526078" title="Flippin–Lodge angle">
Flippin–Lodge angle

The Flippin–Lodge angle (FL angle) is one of two angles used by organic and biological chemists studying the relationship between the structure of molecules and ways that they react, for a particular common type of chemical reaction. The angles—the Bürgi–Dunitz (BD) and the Flippin–Lodge (FL)—describe the "angle of attack" of an electron-rich reactant, the nucleophile, with an electron-poor reactant, an electrophile, in particular when the latter is planar in shape. This is called a nucleophilic addition reaction and it is plays a central role in the biological chemistry taking place in the biosyntheses of metabolism, and is a central reaction "tool" in the toolkit of modern organic chemistry for constructing new molecules such as pharmaceuticals. Theory and use of these angles falls into the specialty of physical organic chemistry, which deals with chemical structure and reaction mechanism, in particular, the area called "structure correlation". 
Because reactions take place in three dimensions, their quantitative description is a geometry problem; two angles, first the BD, later the FL, were developed to describe the approach of the reactive atom of a nucleophile (a point off of a plane) to the reactive atom of an electrophile (a point on the plane). The BD is the angle between the line connecting these two atoms and a reference line that it intersects on the plane (see related article). The FL angle describes the extent to which the distinct plane containing both lines is offset from being perfectly perpendicular to the electrophile's plane (see figure). That is, it measures displacement of the nucleophile toward or away from the particular R and R' substituents attached to the electrophilic atom. FL and BD angle studies can be theoretical, based on calculations, or experimental (either quantitative, based on X-ray crystallography, or inferred and semiquantitative, rationalizing results of particular chemical reactions), or a combination of these. Addition reactions addressed using FL and BD angle concepts involve nucleophiles ranging from single atoms and polar organic functional groups to sophisticated enzyme active site and chiral catalyst-reactant systems. These nucleophiles can be paired with an array of planar electrophiles: aldehydes and ketones, carboxylic acid-derivatives, and the carbon-carbon double bonds of alkenes (olefins).
The most prominent application and impact of the Flippin-Lodge angle has been in the area of chemistry where it was originally defined: in practical synthetic studies of the outcome of carbon-carbon bond-forming reactions in solution. An important example is the aldol reaction, e.g., addition of ketone-derived nucleophiles (enols, enolates), to aldehydes with attached groups varying in size and polarity. Of particular interest, given the three-dimensional nature of the concept, is understanding how features on the nucleophile and electrophile impact the stereochemistry of reaction outcomes (i.e., the "handedness" of new chiral centers created by a reaction). Studies invoking FL angles in synthetic chemistry have improved the ability of chemists to predict outcomes of known reactions, and to design better reactions to produce particular stereoisomers (enantiomers and diastereomers) needed in the construction of complex natural products and drugs. 
Technical Introduction.
The Flippin–Lodge angle (FL angle) is the latter-derived of two angles that fully define the geometry of "attack" (approach via collision) of a nucleophile on an trigonal unsaturated center of an electrophilic molecule. Nucleophiles in this addition reaction may range from single atoms (hydride, chloride), to polar organic functional groups (amines, alcohols), to complex systems (nucleophilic enolates with chiral catalysts, amino acid side chains in enzyme active sites; see below). Planar electrophiles include aldehydes and ketones, carboxylic acid-derivatives such as esters, and amides, and the carbon-carbon double bonds of particular alkenes (olefins). In the example of nucleophilic attack at a carbonyl, the FL angle is a measure of the "offset" of the nucleophile's approach to the electrophile, toward one or the other of the two substituents attached to the carbonyl carbon (ibid., and ). The relative values of angles for pairs of reactions can be inferred and semiquantitative, based on rationalizations of the products of the reactions; alternatively, as noted in the figure, FL values may be formally derived from crystallographic coordinates by geometric calculations, or graphically, e.g., after projection of Nu onto the carbonyl plane and measuring the angle supplementary to "L"Nu'-C-O (where Nu' is the projected atom). This often overlooked angle of the nucleophile's trajectory was named the Flippin-Lodge (FL) angle by Clayton H. Heathcock after his contributing collaborators Lee A. Flippin and Eric P. Lodge. The second angle defining the geometry, the more well known Bürgi–Dunitz (BD) angle, describes the Nu-C-O bond angle and was named after crystallographers Hans-Beat Bürgi and Jack D. Dunitz, its first senior investigators (see related article). 
The angle as an experimental observable, rather than ideal.
These angles are best construed to mean the angles observed/measured for a given system, and "not" an historically observed range in values (e.g., the BD angle range of the original Bürgi–Dunitz aminoketones), or an idealized value computed for a particular system (such as the FL = 0° for hydride addition to formaldehyde, image at right). That is, the BD and FL angles of the hydride-formadehyde system have one pair of values, while the angles observed for other systems are fully "expected" to vary from this. 
A stated convention for the FL angle is that "it is positive when deviating in the direction away from the larger substituent" attached to the electrophilic center, "or away from the more electron-rich substituent" (where these two and other factors can be in a complex competition, see below); the FL angle of a symmetrically substituted carbonyl (R = R') with a simple nucleophile is expected to be 0° "in vacuo" / "in solutio", e.g., as in the case of hydride addition to formaldehyde, H2C=O (see figure).
Steric and orbital contributions contributing to its value.
In contrast to the BD angle (using the case of carbonyl additions as example): the FL angle adopted during an approach by the nucleophile to a trigonal electrophile depends in complex fashion on:
as well as on the MO shapes and occupancies of the carbonyl and attacking nucleophile. Hence, the BD angle observed for nucleophilic attack appears to be influenced primarily by the energetics of the HOMO-LUMO overlap of the nucleophile-electrophile pair in the systems studied—see the Bürgi–Dunitz article, and the related inorganic chemistry concept of the angular overlap model—which leads in many cases to a convergence of BD angle values (but not all, see below); "however", the FL angle required to provide optimal overlap between HOMO and LUMO may reflect a more complex interplay of energetic contributions.
Origin and current scope of concept.
BD angle theory was initially developed based on "frozen" interactions in crystals, while most chemistry takes place via collisions of molecules tumbling in solution; remarkably, the theories of the FL angle, with the complexity they reflect, evolved from studying reaction outcomes in such practical reactions as addition of enolates to aldehydes (e.g., in study of diastereoselection in particular aldol reactions). In applying both angles of the nucleophile trajectory to real chemical reactions, the HOMO-LUMO centered view of the BD angle is modified to include further complex, electrophile-specific attractive and repulsive electrostatic and van der Waals interactions that can alter the BD angle and bias the FL angle toward one substituent or the other (see above). As well, dynamics at play in each system (changing torsional angles) are implicitly included in studies of reaction outcomes in solution as in the early studies of FL angles (ibid.), though not in crystallographic structure correlation approaches as gave birth to the BD concept. Finally, in constrained environments (e.g., in enzyme and nanomaterial binding sites) observed angles appear to be quite distinct, an observation conjectured to arise because reactivity is not based on random collision, and so the relationship between orbital overlap principles and reactivity is more complex. For instance, while a simple amide addition study with relatively small substituents gave an FL angle of ≈50° in solution, the crystallographic value determined for an enzymatic cleavage of an amide by the serine protease subtilisin gave a FL value of 8°, and a compilation of literature crystallographic FL angle values for the same reaction in different catalysts clustered at 4 ± 6° (i.e., only slightly offset from directly behind the carbonyl). At the same time, the subtilisin BD value was 88° (quite distinct from the BD hydride-formaldehyde value of 107°, see the Bürgi–Dunitz article), and BD angle values from the careful compilation clustered at 89 ± 7° (i.e., only slightly offset from directly above or below the carbonyl carbon).
Applications.
The Flippin-Lodge and Bürgi-Dunitz angles were central, practically, to the development of a clearer understanding of asymmetric induction during nucleophilic attack at hindered carbonyl centers in synthetic organic chemistry; it was in this area that the FL angle was first defined by Heathcock, and has been primarily used. Given a carbonyl with two substituents R and R', substituents R' that are small relative to the other substituent R (e.g. R' = hydrogen vs. R = phenyl) tend to have higher FL angle, whereas if of equal size, the FL angle is small (e.g. R' = tert-butyl vs. R = phenyl). Thus, the attack trajectory of a nucleophile is more restricted with larger R', and leading higher stereoselectivities.
A surpassing area of application has in studies of various aldol reactions, the addition of ketone-derived enol/enolate nucleophiles to electrophilic aldehydes, each with functional groups varying in size and group polarity; the way that features on the nucleophile and electrophile impact the stereochemistry seen in reaction products, and in particular, the diastereoselection exhibited, has been carefully mapped (see above, the aldol reaction article, and Evans). These studies have improved the chemists' abilities to design enantioselective and diastereoselective reactions needed in the construction of complex molecules, such as the natural product spongistatins and modern drugs. It remains to be seen whether a particular range of FL angle values contributes similarly to the arrangement of functional groups within proteins and so to their conformational stabilities (as has been reported in relation to the BD trajectory), or to other BD-correlated stabilizations of conformation important to structure and reactivity.

</doc>
<doc id="19526086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19526086" title="Finger substitution">
Finger substitution

Finger substitution is a playing technique used on many different instruments, ranging from stringed instruments such as the violin and cello to keyboard instruments such as the piano and pipe organ. It involves replacing one finger which is depressing a string or key with another finger to facilitate the performance of a passage or create a desired tone or sound. The simplest type of finger substitition is when a finger replaces another finger during a rest; the more difficult type is to replace one finger with another while a note is being played.
On stringed instruments.
On stringed instruments such as the violin, cello, and double bass, finger substitution is used for a variety of reasons. For complex passages, finger substitution is sometimes used to make a fingering pattern more consistent and easy to remember. In slow-moving music with expressive sustained bowed notes, finger substitution may be used so that a particular finger can be used for vibrato, or to add emphasis to a note, or to instroduce a subtle glissando effect. One of the difficulties with finger substitution is maintaining correct intonation; when a finger replaces another finger to perform the same pitch, there is the risk that the intonation of the replaced finger may not match that of the initial note. 
When a string player does finger substitution, they usually take care to hide the switching of the fingers by doing the replacement during a bow change or a rest. Finger substitution is more difficult with bowed (arco) passages than with pizzicato passages, because the notes are sustained much longer with the bow; if the substitution is not done carefully, an arco passage is more likely to result in unwanted shifting noises. In some cases, as with Romantic era music, Gypsy music, or Tango pieces, players may deliberately leave in the short glissando that occurs with finger substitution, using this as an expressive effect or ornament. When cello or double bass players are playing a high-register passage in thumb position, the thumb may be replaced with a finger if there is a sustained note which would otherwise have to be played with the thumb, because the vibrato with the thumb sounds different from finger vibrato. The bony side of the thumb cannot produce the same type of vibrato as the fleshy pads of a fingertip.
On keyboard instruments.
On keyboard instruments such as the piano and pipe organ, finger substitution is the changing of the fingers on a key without releasing that key, so as to prepare the fingers for notes or chords which will follow. 
Piano.
As with stringed instruments, finger substitution is used for a variety of reasons on piano passages. The technique is often used to create a connected, flowing legato phrasing, or smooth out sequence of consecutive thirds. For complex passages, finger substitution is sometimes used to make a fingering pattern more consistent and easy to remember. To change fingers on a key, the shorter finger is usually moved under the longer one in a quick motion. While finger substitution is a standard part of both piano and pipe organ pedagogy, performance practice experts argue that it was rarely done before the 18th century; instead, players simply relocated the hand or fingers to a new position. During the 19th century, the pipe organ practice of finger substitution was transferred to the piano; pianist-composers such as Beethoven and Chopin used finger substitution to make their melodies "sing" in a more sustained fashion.
With the modern piano, a player can avoid having to learn finger substitution on a sounding note by using the sustain pedal to prolong the note while the hand lifts and prepares for a new chord or melody note. While the sustain pedal can replace finger substitution and create a legato sound, piano teachers tend to frown on this use of the sustain pedal because it prevents the player from using the sustain pedal to control the tone and dynamics of the instrument.
Pipe organ.
Pipe organist Sandra Soderlund notes that because there is "no way to sustain the sound when the finger or foot leaves the key, music that is to be legato has to be carefully fingered and pedaled". Organists use "finger substitution, finger and toe slides, and other tricks to accomplish this". On the pipe organ, performers use a related technique with their feet when playing the pedal keyboard; for some passages, performers may replace one foot with another foot. As with finger substition, the most difficult type of foot substitution is in cases where one foot replaces another foot which is holding a sustained note. During the replacement, there is a risk of sounding unwanted notes or releasing the held note. Foot substitution can be done without planning for slow-moving, simple pedal parts. However, rapid or complex "pedal parts must be "choreographed" by the organist" and "carefully planned if they are to be successful". 

</doc>
<doc id="19526118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19526118" title="Makedonski Telekom">
Makedonski Telekom

Makedonski Telekom AD (, ) is a telecommunications company in the Republic of Macedonia with headquarters in Skopje. It is part of the Magyar Telekom Group, which is a fully consolidated subsidiary of international Deutsche Telekom Group.
It offers a range of telecommunications and entertainment services, such as telephone services, a range of internet access services including broadband internet, entertainment IPTV products and operates the national telephone network.
Makedonski Telekom has been present both on the top-most successful companies list and on the top-largest companies list, and has been ranked among the top 10 companies in Macedonia.
Formation of Makedonski Telekomunikacii.
AD Makedonski Telekomunikacii was introduced in 1st of January 1997 as a state-owned company independent of the Post Office. The predecessor of the Company which provided telecommunication, postal, banking and other services in the Republic of Macedonia under the name PTT Makedonija was divided into two legal entities: AD Makedonski Telekomunikacii and AD Makedonski Posti. This resulted in the separation of postal operations from those of telecommunications and telegraphy, as well as in the separation of the relevant assets and liabilities. In March 1998, the company was registered as a Joint Stock Company in public ownership in order to prepare for privatization. 
Privatization.
The privatization took place on the 15th of January 2001, when The Government of the Republic of Macedonia and a consortium led by the Hungarian telecommunications provider, Matav, signed a contract for the acquisition of Makedonski Telekomunikacii shares whereby Matav entered Makedonski Telekomunikacii shareholders register as the owner of 51% of the shares and thus became the dominant owner of the company. As of October 2008, the Macedonian government still holds a stake in company stock directly.
On 1st of June 2001, a mobile phone provider T- Mobile Macedonia (formerly Mobimak) began functioning as a separate legal entity (daughter company).
Re-branding.
On May 1, 2008, AD Makedonski Telekomunikacii officially became part of the Deutsche Telekom global family, accepting the new "T" brand. From this date onwards the company runs as a legal subject under the name Makedonski Telekom, Joint Stock Company for Electronic Communications – Skopje or under the abbreviated name, Makedonski Telekom AD – Skopje. With the implementation of the "T" brand, which is umbrella of the two sub-brands T-Home and T- Mobile, Makedonski Telekom took over Deutsche Telekom Group’s corporate identity and design, launching on the market a series of new products and services, among which the attractive Double Play and Triple Play offers.
Operations.
Makedonski Telekom is the dominant fixed line operator on Macedonian market, it also operates as an internet service provider, and as integrated telecommunications and entertainment services provider. 
Offering communication services and entertainment contents ensuring its future revenues, the company is also improving the competitiveness in Macedonia, as well as growth in mobile and broadband services on national level.
The company offers portfolio of Internet protocol-based services, data communications services, equipment sale and lease, and systems integration services.
Launched in November 2008 as a service available exclusively via T-Home super fast broadband network, IPTV (branded as MaxTV) is first digital TV offer for customers in Macedonia.
Makedonski Telekom endeavours to modernize its network and reach a high technological level. Modernization of the network infrastructure with the implementation of optical cables up to the end users, known as Fiber-to-the-Home (FTTH) is one of the main focuses. By the end of 2012, 88.068 FTTH Homes Passed, and 12.333 were connected to optic in several major cities in Macedonia such as Skopje, Kumanovo, Stip, Strumica, Ohrid, Gostivar, etc. 
Back in November 2011, Makedonski Telekom started a project for modernization of the network through a new fully internet-based multimedia platform of the new generation. The IMS Platform is used for the provision of VoIP as part of the 2Play and 3Play services and as a base for the PSTN network migration towards the all-IP network. In less than nine months, as of November 2011 until June 2012, 100,000 Telekom users already used the new platform, i.e. were migrated on it. This platform replaces the existing digital telephone exchanges and is a preparation for the services of the new generation and the unlimited communication possibilities offered by the internet. On February 2014 Deutsche Telekom reavled that it's subsidiary Makedonsky Telekom has become the first European incumbent to convert its PSTN infrastructure to an all IP network. It took just over two years for all 290,000 fixed lines to be migrated onto the new platform. The capital investment worth 14 million Euros makes Macedonia the first country in the South-East Europe whose network will be fully based on Internet protocol.
Web portals.
The first web portal, designed by MTnet (former Internet service provider of Makedonski Telekom), was released on December 7th, 1999. At that time, it was a combination of MTnet product and general Internet content portal. It was the first portal of that kind, offering mostly daily updated news and information to Internet users in Macedonia.
IDIVIDI (www.idividi.com.mk), as a brand, was launched in February, 2004 introducing new types of content and adding functionality related to content publication and interaction with the visitors. Topics include World/Domestic News, Business information, Sports, Style, Fun, Health, Technology. By 2008 IDIVIDI has average 35.000 daily visitors and reached a pick of 60.000 daily visitors. IDIVIDI publish 200 news items daily. 
Portal also provides services: 10 languages Dictionary; Classified ads; Ecards; Online chatting service; Forum community; Download of software from various categories; Online educational courses (Edukacija); Daily service information; Daily newspapers and electronic media news (IDIVIDI media); 24 hours LIVE cameras.
Under IDIVIDI domain there are few other portals: Portal for user generated content (Moe video); Online gaming community portal (Maxarena).

</doc>
<doc id="19526125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19526125" title="Manzano Mountains State Park">
Manzano Mountains State Park

Manzano Mountains State Park is a state park of New Mexico, United States, located north of Mountainair on the eastern slope of the Manzano Mountains. The park is popular for fishing, bird-watching, hiking, and cross-country skiing.
The Manzano Mountains are a part of the same geological feature that formed the Sandia Mountains to the north, but the Manzano Mountains are more remote and less developed.

</doc>
<doc id="19526131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19526131" title="Jodhpur (disambiguation)">
Jodhpur (disambiguation)

Jodhpur is the second largest city in the Indian state of Rajasthan.
Jodhpur may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19526136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19526136" title="Vladimir Granat">
Vladimir Granat

Vladimir Vasilyevich Granat (; born 22 May 1987 in Ulan-Ude, Buryat ASSR) is a Russian international footballer who plays for Dynamo Moscow in the Russian Premier League as a defender.
International.
On 11 May 2012, he was named to the Russia's provisional squad for the UEFA Euro 2012. It was the first time he was called up to the national team. 
He was confirmed for the finalized UEFA Euro 2012 squad on 25 May 2012.
He made his debut for the national team in the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifying game against Luxembourg on 6 September 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19526140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19526140" title="Allangrange Mains">
Allangrange Mains

Allangrange Mains (Scottish Gaelic: ) is a farm in Munlochy, Ross-shire, and is a few miles north of the Beauly Firth, and is within the council of Highland, Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="19526164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19526164" title="Aleksandr Dimidko">
Aleksandr Dimidko

Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Dimidko () (born 20 January 1986 in Khabarovsk) is a Russian footballer. Currently, he plays for FC Mordovia Saransk.

</doc>
<doc id="19526171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19526171" title="Katy Valentin">
Katy Valentin

Katy Elise Johanne Valentin (29 March 1902 - 30 May 1970) was a Danish stage and film actress.

</doc>
<doc id="19526176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19526176" title="1230s in architecture">
1230s in architecture

__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="19526177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19526177" title="Mamin Kolyu">
Mamin Kolyu

Nikola Koev Nikolov (; 20 March 1880 – 30 July 1961), known as Mamin Kolyu (Мамин Колю, "Mummy's Kolyu", "Kolyu" being a diminutive of Nikola) was a Bulgarian revolutionary of the Internal Macedonian-Adrianopolitan Revolutionary Organization (IMARO) who fought for the liberation of Macedonia and Thrace from Ottoman rule.
Mamin Kolyu was born on 20 March 1880 in Haskovo (then part of Eastern Rumelia) as revolutionary Tane Nikolov's older brother's son. After finishing primary school, he enlisted in the 10tg Rhodopean Infantry Regiment of the Bulgarian Army and served from January 1901 to November 1902. He joined the ranks of IMARO as a soldier and after his discharge went for Sofia to become a member of a detachment ("cheta") and fight in Macedonia. In 1903, he entered Macedonia under the command of Ivan Naumov Alyabaka.
During the Ilinden–Preobrazhenie Uprising of 1903, he set the Ottoman gendarmerie's barracks in Kruševo on fire together with Kosta Hristov Popeto. As the uprising was crushed, he returned to Bulgaria. In 1904, he assaulted the Turkish consul's carriage in Sofia together with Alyabaka, injuring the consul's bodyguard and forcing the Bulgarian government to sentence them. Six months later, they were quietly released without amnesty and told to stay out of the government's way. Upon his release he immediately headed to Macedonia and served as a revolutionary under Kosta Popeto, Ivan Naumov, Apostol Petkov and Ichko Gyupchev. During the unrest at the time he joined Hristo Chernopeev's band to dethrone and capture Sultan Abdul Hamid II from Istanbul and take him to Thessaloniki.
From 1912 on, Mamin Kolyu was an under-voivode and flag bearer in his uncle Tane Nikolov's band and took part in the Balkan Wars, becoming an independent voivode. In the winter of 1912 and the spring of 1913, he participated in the Bulgarian Exarchate's christianization mission in the Rhodopes. After the liberation of Western Thrace (which was ceded to Bulgaria per the Treaty of Bucharest), Mamin Kolyu married in a village near Gyumyurdzhina (today Komotini, Greece). From 1914 to 1919 he lived in Bulgarian Ksanti (today Xanthi, Greece) and Komotini and was a policeman for some time. In 1920–1924, when the region was already part of Greece, he collaborated with the Internal Thracian Revolutionary Organisation in Haskovo and Western Thrace.
In 1924, Mamin Kolyu withdrew from his revolutionary activities and worked as a miller in Asenovgrad with Tane Nikolov until 1945. From 1949 until his death on 30 July 1961, he lived in Haskovo. A vivid personality, Mamin Kolyu became a favourite of the population of Macedonia and Thrace: folk songs about him have been sung from Gora in Kosovo to the west (song from Gora) to Dobruja on the Black Sea to the east (song from Dobruja).

</doc>
<doc id="19526196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19526196" title="USS West Coast (ID-3315)">
USS West Coast (ID-3315)

USS "West Coast" (ID-3315) was a cargo ship for the United States Navy during World War I. The ship was laid down as SS "War Dagger" but launched in July 1918 as SS "West Coast" and reverted to that name at the end of her Navy service.
SS "West Coast" was a steam-powered for the as part of the "West" boats, a series of steel-hulled cargo ships built on the West Coast of the United States for the World War I war effort. She was the 7th ship built by the Columbia River Shipbuilding Company in Portland, Oregon. She was commissioned into the of the United States Navy in August 1918. After two transatlantic roundtrips, she was decommissioned in May 1919 and returned to the .
Little is known of "West Coast"s subsequent civilian career. She was scrapped at Baltimore, Maryland in the fourth quarter of 1930.
Design and construction.
The "West" ships were cargo ships of similar size and design built by several shipyards on the West Coast of the United States for the for emergency use during the First World War. All were given names that began with the word "West", like "West Coast", the 7th of some 30 "West" ships built by the Columbia River Shipbuilding Company of Portland, Oregon. "West Coast" (Columbia River Shipbuilding yard number 7) was launched on 6 July 1918, and was completed on 9 August 1918.
"West Coast" was , and was long (between perpendiculars) and abeam. She had a steel hull that displaced 12,200 t with a mean draught of . Her hold was deep. "West Coast"s power plant consisted of a single steam turbine driving a single screw propeller which moved the ship at up to .
U.S. Navy career.
Upon completion of "West Coast" on 9 August 1918, she was handed over to the United States Navy for use in the . She was commissioned as USS "West Coast" (ID-3315) the same day with Lieutenant Commander Robert Crabb, USNRF, in command.
"West Coast" departed the Pacific Northwest on 15 August, bound for Chile to take on a load of guano. The ship burned out a thrust-bearing in her turbine, however, and was forced to put into San Francisco on 17 August for extensive repairs which lasted until 7 December. Meanwhile, the Armistice ended World War I and curtailed the Allies' need for nitrates. Hence "West Coast"s voyage to Chile was cancelled, and the cargo vessel was ordered to proceed via the Panama Canal to Norfolk, Virginia. She entered Hampton Roads, Virginia, on the last day of 1918 and sailed for France on 6 January 1919. Arriving at Bordeaux on 21 January, "West Coast" discharged her cargo, loaded 1,994 tons of Army return cargo, and got underway for the United States on 16 February.
The cargo vessel reached Newport News, Virginia, and unloaded. She departed Hampton Roads on 18 March and arrived at New Orleans eight days later. After loading a cargo of cotton, she sailed on 3 April and returned briefly to Norfolk, before getting underway for England on 10 April. She unloaded her cotton cargo in Falmouth and Liverpool and departed the British Isles on 30 May. Calling at Norfolk from 12 to 15 June, "West Coast" proceeded for the Gulf of Mexico and made port at Galveston, Texas, on 22 June. Four days later, the cargo vessel was decommissioned and her name struck from the Navy list.
Civilian career.
Little is known of "West Coast"s post-Navy career. After her decommissioning, "West Coast" was returned to the . Remaining in the custody of the , she was scrapped at Baltimore in the fourth quarter of 1930.

</doc>
<doc id="19526207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19526207" title="Cristian Montero">
Cristian Montero

International career.
Montero has made three appearances for the Costa Rica national football team, including one qualifying match for the 2006 FIFA World Cup and two qualifying matches for the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
He also participated in the 2001 FIFA World Youth Championship in Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="19526213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19526213" title="Aleksandr Lobkov">
Aleksandr Lobkov

Aleksandr Nikolayevich Lobkov () (born 17 December 1989 in Moscow) is a Russian footballer who plays for FC Khimik Dzerzhinsk.

</doc>
<doc id="19526218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19526218" title="Marquette Building (St. Louis)">
Marquette Building (St. Louis)

The Marquette Building, also known as the Boatmen's Bank Building, is a historical building in downtown St. Louis.
It was completed in 1914 at Broadway and Olive Streets, at 19 stories, designed by the St. Louis architecture partnership of Eames and Young. A 1915 Annex, also designed by Eames and Young, was razed in 1998. The Marquette Building was added to the National Register of Historic Places the same year, and has now been redeveloped for condos.

</doc>
<doc id="19526231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19526231" title="List of National Park System areas in New York">
List of National Park System areas in New York

This is a list of National Park System areas in New York.
New York has 24 areas included in the United States' National Park Service (NPS) system. The NPS administers the nation's flagship national parks, none of which are in New York, and additional natural or historic parks and other sites.
Former NPS areas.
There are some former designations in New York. (development needed)

</doc>
<doc id="19526261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19526261" title="Defense Academic Information Technology Consortium">
Defense Academic Information Technology Consortium

The Defense Academic Information Technology Consortium (or DAITC), formerly the Department of Defense Education Information Security Working Group (DODEISWG), is an organization consisting of IT leadership from a number of United States Federal Government academic degree granting institutions. The group advocates the use of information technology resources to advance the educational mission of the U.S. Department of Defense and other federal agencies.
DAITC was organized and founded by the Naval War College in May 2008 and disbanded at the direction of Naval War College leadership in October 2009.
Talk of its demise, however, was somewhat premature. Chairmanship was moved to the National Defense University in 2009. The group narrowed its focus and membership so that it could address problems among accredited academic institutions more effectively. Meetings have been held every six months at different sites. Currently, the DAITC meets in conjunction with the Military Education Coordination Council's (MECC) Distance Learning Coordination Council (DLCC) and the MECC's Library working group.

</doc>
<doc id="19526271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19526271" title="Fyodor Smolov">
Fyodor Smolov

Fyodor Mikhailovich Smolov (, born 9 February 1990 in Saratov) is a Russian footballer who plays for RFPL club FC Anzhi Makhachkala on loan from Dynamo Moscow as a winger or a striker.
Club career.
Smolov is a product of the Master-Saturn Yegoryevsk football academy. In 2007, he joined Dynamo Moscow. On 14 July 2010, the club announced that Smolov would join Feyenoord on a one-year loan deal.
Returning from loan, Smolov started 2011-2012 season as a squad player, but after 9 matchdays his impact was limited to substitute appearances. So he was loaned again, this time to FC Anzhi Makhachkala - initially for whole 2012-2013 season, and then for the second part of 2013-2014 season.
International career.
Smolov was a part of the Russia U-21 side that was competing in the 2011 European Under-21 Championship qualification. He was an important factor in U-21 team qualifying for the 2013 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship in the next cycle, scoring 3 goals in the qualification play-offs.
He was called up to the Russian national football team for the first time for a friendly game against the United States on 14 November 2012. He made his debut and scored his first goal for the national team during that game.

</doc>
<doc id="19526277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19526277" title="Norwood (album)">
Norwood (album)

Norwood is the 18th album by American singer/guitarist Glen Campbell, released in 1970 (see 1970 in music). The album is a soundtrack album from Campbell's 1970 film "Norwood".
Track listing.
Side 1:
Side 2:
Charts.
Album - Billboard (United States)
Singles - Billboard (United States)

</doc>
<doc id="19526280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19526280" title="Penetanguishene Bay Purchase">
Penetanguishene Bay Purchase

The Penetanguishene Bay Purchase, registered as Crown Treaty Number Five, was signed May 22, 1798 between the Chippeway and the government of Upper Canada. It purchased the lands around Matchedash Bay on Lake Huron for a price of one hundred and one pounds in Quebec currency. 
This treaty was important for the colonial government, because the land being purchased would be used as the site of the naval depot at Penetanguishene, which was an important military base on Lake Huron designed to counter a potential American invasion through that route. 
The signees of the treaty on the side of the British included Provincial Commissioners William Willcocks and Alexander Burns, Major Samuel Smith, J.S. Rangers, Lieutenant Arthur Holden-Brooking of the 2nd regiment, Adjutant John McGill of the 2nd regiment, Indian Agent J. Givins, W. Johnson Chew and George Cown both of the Indian Department, and W. Claus Superintendent of Indian Affairs. 
The signees of the treaty on the side of the Chippeway included Chabondashea, Aasance, Wabenenguan, Ningawson and Omassanahsqutawah.
References.
Penetanguishene Bay Map
Penetanguishene Bay Purchase Text

</doc>
<doc id="19526293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19526293" title="Juan Ignacio Sills">
Juan Ignacio Sills

Juan Ignacio Sills (born 4 May 1987) is an Argentine football defender who plays for Universidad de Chile in the Chilean Primera División.
Career.
Formed in Vélez Sársfield's youth divisions, Sills joined Costa Rican Primera División club LD Alajuelense on loan in 2008, before making any first team appearance with Vélez. He returned to his club in 2009.
Sills did his first pre-season training with Vélez' first team during July 2010. However, he suffered a knee cruciate ligament injury that made him miss the entire 2010 Apertura tournament.
For the first half of 2012, Sills played on loan for Instituto in the Primera B Nacional (Argentine second division), where he started in 21 games in his team's third-place finish. However, his team lost the promotion playoff to San Lorenzo and therefore could not achieve promotion to the Primera División.

</doc>
<doc id="19526299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19526299" title="SARCOM">
SARCOM

SARCOM IT Solutions is an American Information Technology company. Founded in 1983 by Randy Wilcox, the company is based in Lewis Center, Ohio, and maintains 14 satellite offices across the United States. The company employs more than 700 engineers, technicians and project managers. Originally a small retail store in Worthington, OH, the company quickly grew into a major provider of technology equipment and services to major companies. The company owes its name, SARCOM, to its founders and is actually an acronym (and abbreviation) which stands for Sarah And Randy's COMputers.
In 2007, PC Mall, Inc. acquired the Lewis Center-based IT company for $55 million, including $7.5 million in stock.
As of August 1, 2008, Wareforce Corporation and SARCOM, Inc., merged operations and are now operating under the name SARCOM

</doc>
<doc id="19526301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19526301" title="Xuxa 1">
Xuxa 1

"Xuxa" is the 1st Spanish and international album by Brazilian pop singer, presenter and actress Xuxa. 
It was released in 1990. The album contains the South America’s hit single "Ilariê", and the album sold around 2,5200,000 million copies. 
The album was later also released in Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="19526304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19526304" title="Nikita Chicherin">
Nikita Chicherin

Nikita Gennadyevich Chicherin (; born August 18, 1990 in Moscow) is a Russian footballer who plays for FC Volga Nizhny Novgorod.

</doc>
<doc id="19526312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19526312" title="Hapoel Asi Gilboa F.C.">
Hapoel Asi Gilboa F.C.

Hapoel Asi Gilboa is an Israeli football club based in Prazon on Mount Gilboa. The club currently plays in the northern division of Liga Alef. Their main rivals are Hapoel Afula.
History.
Hapoel Asi Gilboa founded in 1994 by David Daniel, in honour of his nephew, Asi Daniel, which fell during his line of duty. previously, the club played in regional leagues as Asi Ta'anakh.
With the support of the Gilboa head of regional council, Dani Atar, who supports the club up to date, the club made great success in the first two seasons of existence, achieving two successive promotions from Liga Gimel to Liga Alef.
In 2001 the club won the Liga Bet North B division and was promoted to Liga Alef, where the club play today.
In recent years, the club battles for promotion to Liga Leumit, and in the 2011-12 season, the club won Liga Alef North. However, that season, the Israel Football Association decided to reduce the number of clubs in the Israeli Premier League from 16 to 14, and as a result, decided that only one club will be promoted from Liga Alef to Liga Leumit. Hapoel Asi Gilboa had to face the winner of Liga Alef South, Maccabi Yavne in a two legged promotion play-off. first leg in Yavne ended in 0-0 draw, and the second leg, played in the Gush Yael Stadium, ended in 2-2 draw, thus, Maccabi Yavne won on away goals and promoted to Liga Leumit, whilst Hapoel Asi Gilboa remained in Liga Alef.

</doc>
<doc id="19526334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19526334" title="Narpat Singh Rajvi">
Narpat Singh Rajvi

Narpat Singh Rajvi (born 23 January 1952, Sikar) is a senior Bharatiya Janata Party politician from the Indian state of Rajasthan. He was born to Rajvi Amar Singh, a judge, and Rani Jas Kanwar. He is married to Ratan Kanwar, the daughter of senior Indian politician and former Vice-President of India late Shree Bhairon Singh Shekhawat. They have three children: one daughter, Mumal Rajvi a lawyer by profession , and two sons, Vikramaditya Singh Rajvi (adopted by Mr. & Miss. Bhairon Singh Shekhawat) who is studying currently in London and Abhimanyu Singh Rajvi, the Vice President of BJP Yuva Morcha in Rajasthan, much seen as a political heir to his grandfather.
He was the Minister of Health in the Government of Rajasthan and a MLA from Chittorgarh. In 2008 and 2013 he fought elections from vidyadhar Nagar, in the latest 2013 elections Rajvi defeated the congress candidate by a huge margin of 37,920 votes.
References.
[http://www.rajasthan.gov.in/rajgovt/keypeopleprofile/narpatsinghrajvi.html]

</doc>
<doc id="19526339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19526339" title="Svenska Orienteringsförbundet">
Svenska Orienteringsförbundet

Svenska Orienteringsförbundet (SOFT)(Swedish Orienteering Federation in English) is the national Orienteering Association in Sweden. It is recognized as the orienteering association for Sweden by the International Orienteering Federation, of which it is a member.
Svenska Orienteringsförbundet was founded 6 January 1938.

</doc>
<doc id="19526353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19526353" title="Saekdongot">
Saekdongot

The saekdongot is a type of hanbok, Korean traditional clothing, with colorful stripes by patchworking. It began to be used for hanbok since the Goryeo period (918 – 1392). The name literally means "many colored ("saekdong") clothes ("ot")" in Korean. It was usually worn by children from the age of one to seven year old. Such appliances of saekdong has been used throughout hanbok such as "jeogori" (a short jacket with sashes), "magoja" (a buttoned jacket), "durumagi" (an overcoat) and among other garments.

</doc>
<doc id="19526363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19526363" title="Modal Soul Classics">
Modal Soul Classics

Modal Soul Classics is a compilation album from Japanese hip hop producer Nujabes. Though the music on the this album is commonly attributed to Nujabes, none of it is composed by him; the songs on this album were only compiled and mastered by him. All of it is by other artists who have inspired Nujabes.

</doc>
<doc id="19526371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19526371" title="Soslan Dzhanayev">
Soslan Dzhanayev

Soslan Totrazovich Dzhanayev (; ) (born 13 March 1987 in Ordzhonikidze) is a Russian footballer of Ossetian descent who last played for FC Alania Vladikavkaz on loan from FC Spartak Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="19526388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19526388" title="Dorian Gray (band)">
Dorian Gray (band)

Dorian Gray was an 1980s Yugoslav music group which achieved great prominence in the former Yugoslav rock scene for its artistic and extravagant style and stage performances. It was led by Massimo Savić, who later started a successful solo career. It should not be confused with the short-lived 1970s German band of the same name.
Biography.
The band was formed in 1982 in Zagreb, then SR Croatia, SFR Yugoslavia consisting of the frontman Massimo Savić (vocals, guitar), Vedran Čupić (guitar), Emil Krnjić (bass guitar), Toni Ostojić (keyboards), and Branko Terzić (drums), who suggested the name "Dorian Gray" after the Oscar Wilde's fictional character Dorian Gray. Since the group was into art rock, influenced by artists such as David Sylvian's Japan, Bryan Ferry's Roxy Music and some David Bowie's works, the other members found the suggested name appropriate and gladly accepted it.
Their early rehearsals and gigs were taking place in the art gallery of the Zagreb's Student Centre. After performing in Croatia and the then-SR Slovenia the group soon got critically acclaimed across the whole former Yugoslav federation and took part in the notable music festival "YURM" (Yugoslav Rock Moment). 
In the late-1983 Dorian Gray recorded its debut album "Sjaj u tami" ("Glow in the Darkness") produced by Saša Habić, who played the electric piano in the recording sessions, which also featured guest appearances by the bassist Jadran Zdunjić and the saxophone player Miroslav Sedak Benčić. The album, which was a major success was also noted for its artistic record sleeve which was designed by Sanja Baharah and Mario Krištofić. Notable hit single was "Sjaj u tami", a cover version of the famous song "The Sun Ain't Gonna Shine (Anymore)". After the release of the album, the line up was changed since Terzić, Čupić and Krnjić decided to leave the group. New members became: Zdunjić, the drummer Dragan Simonovski and the guitarist Zoran Cvetković Zok, a former member of the eminent Croatian and Yugoslav Rock acts Prljavo kazalište and Parni valjak. The second album "Za tvoje oči" ("For Your Eyes Only") which was recorded in Sweden and produced by Sjunne Ferger, was released in 1985.
After Dorian Gray disbanded in 1986, Massimo Savić started a successful solo career as a pop music singer.

</doc>
<doc id="19526392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19526392" title="Women's Hospital of Greensboro">
Women's Hospital of Greensboro

Women's Hospital is a 134-bed hospital in Greensboro, North Carolina. It is part of Cone Health and is North Carolina's first free-standing hospital dedicated to women.
For infants who need special care, Women's Hospital has a Level II and Level III Neonatal intensive care unit.
The hospital's staff and specialists include neonatologists, maternal and fetal health physician specialists, anesthesiologists, radiologists, gestational diabetes specialists, breastfeeding consultants and dietitians.

</doc>
<doc id="19526408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19526408" title="Wrestling at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 100 kg">
Wrestling at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 100 kg

The Men's Greco-Roman 100 kg at the 1976 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Maurice Richard Arena.
Tournament results.
The competition used a form of negative points tournament, with negative points given for any result short of a fall. Accumulation of 6 negative points eliminated the loser wrestler. When only three wrestlers remain, a special final round is used to determine the order of the medals.
Final.
Results from the preliminary round are carried forward into the final (shown in yellow).

</doc>
<doc id="19526415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19526415" title="Narendra Kanwar">
Narendra Kanwar

Narendra Kanwar, or "Rajmata", is a politician from the Indian state of Rajasthan. Born in Dhanla, Jodhpur, she started her political career in 1993 when she won the Sawai Madhopur seat as an independent. She supported veteran leader Bhairon Singh Shekhawat in his government formation and became the Minister of State for Tourism, Art and Culture, Archaeology, and Women and Child Welfare. Kanwar was the first female member of Rajasthani Royal Rajput Family to become a minister when, as an independent, she defeated Yasmin Abrar, the wife of then union minister Abrar Ahmed. She left politics in the year 2003, but later rejoined in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19526421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19526421" title="Carl Giammarese">
Carl Giammarese

Carl Giammarese (born August 21, 1947) is an American musician, singer-songwriter and record producer. He is best known as the lead guitarist and vocalist for The Buckinghams.
Early years.
Giammarese was born in northwest Chicago, Illinois. His study of guitar began in 1960 and continued at Catholic grammar school St. Thomas of Canterbury and high school at Lane Tech in Chicago, . His first musical influences were The Ventures’ Don Williams and Bob Bogle, and the Chantays, who started the craze of surfer rock, with their unique guitar riffs. Influenced by a high school teacher, Giammarese’s musical interests expanded from surfer rock to jazz and early rhythm and blues. His first guitar was a used Harmony open top guitar, a gift from his father in 1960. At home, Giammarese took in the big band sounds favored by his parents. His next musical influence was James Burton, who played guitar for Ricky Nelson’s band every week on "The Ozzie and Harriet Show". Future legend and neighborhood guitarist Harvey Mandel was Giammarese’s next instructor, from whom Carl took lessons while part of his first band, The Centuries. By this point, he was using a solid-body Gibson SG guitar to play dates.
The Centuries, Chicago-area neighborhood garage band.
From Mandel, Giammarese developed his string technique to reproduce the string-bending styles of the blues. When The Beatles came to America, Giammarese’s musical education extended to the unique chords and rhythms their new sounds offered. While he was studying with Mandel, Giammarese was invited by his cousin Gerald Elarde, a talented drummer and vocalist, to join a band Elarde was forming. The lineup for The Centuries included Elarde, Giammarese on lead guitar, Nick Fortuna, Elarde's classmate at Niles West High School, on rhythm guitar, and Curt Bachman, Elarde's neighborhood friend, for bass guitar and shared vocal duties. The Centuries quickly became popular as they played neighborhood events, teen parties, and weddings.
To set them apart from other local groups, The Centuries also created their first distinct "look", inspired by The Beatles. The Beatles' influence was reinforced by the Carnaby Street look that Giammarese and band members adopted as they selected suits from clothing stores on Chicago's Maxwell Street. The Centuries were one of the first Chicago bands to cover Beatles songs in their 1963–1964 appearances.
Giammarese traded in the Gibson, as he and fellow Centuries member, Nick Fortuna, bought white Fender Stratocasters. The Centuries played Chicago’s most popular dance club venues, including Dan Belloc’s Holiday Ballroom, the Embassy Ballroom, the Aragon Ballroom (later renamed The Cheetah Club), and Scott’s, and other teen hangouts. The Centuries played all the hits by The Hollies, The Byrds, The Kinks, and included James Brown’s latest hits in their repertoire.
The Pulsations, Chicago and Midwest teen band.
From The Centuries, Giammarese was recruited to join another local group, “The Pulsations,” whose members included John Poulos, Dennis Tufano, Dennis Miccolis, Curtis Bachman and George LeGros (whose Army military duty in Vietnam caused him to leave before The Buckinghams became a national hit). When The Centuries broke up, Carl’s friend and fellow Centuries’ member Nick Fortuna took up the bass and began playing with rhythm and blues bands on Chicago’s Rush Street. The Pulsations’ new lineup quickly grew more popular and began to draw large crowds in the Midwest, including Iowa, Indiana, South Dakota, and Wisconsin.
Becoming The Buckinghams.
Because of band leader and Holiday Ballroom club owner Dan Belloc and new Pulsations manager Carl Bonafede, The Pulsations won a 13-week spot on WGN-TV’s "All Time Hits" program. By week 2, The Pulsations were known as The Buckinghams. By week 4 Giammarese had recruited Nick Fortuna to be their new bass player after Curtis Bachman decided to leave the group. The Pulsations were originally identified as “Rock and Roll Royalty” because of their superb look, sound, and style. The Buckinghams would later earn the new identity as “Chicago’s response to the British Invasion.” The Buckinghams made one final change to the lineup and added Marty Grebb on keyboards and vocals when Dennis Miccolis left the band after the WGN-TV shows were completed.
In 1967, when the USA single "Kind of a Drag" went to #1 on the national charts, most of The Buckinghams were still under 21 and entered a series of business decisions by group vote, based on instinct rather than professional legal advice. The group chose a new manager, James William Guercio, and a new label, Columbia Records, for their future recording projects. On the strength of their first #1 single on USA Records, in early 1967, The Buckinghams were named “The Most Promising Vocal Group” by "Cashbox" Magazine.
In approximately 18 months' time, The Buckinghams had Top 5, Top 10 and Top 20 records with the release of singles every three months, including “Don’t You Care,” “Hey Baby, They’re Playing Our Song,” “Mercy, Mercy, Mercy,” “Lawdy Miss Clawdy” (USA Records), "Susan" and “Back in Love Again.” Columbia quickly released two albums, "Time and Charges" and "Portraits" produced by Guercio. USA Records released an album composed of all the sides recorded at Chess Studios in 1965 that was simply titled "Kind of a Drag" on the strength of their #1 national hit. The Buckinghams were named by "Billboard" Magazine as “The Most Listened to Band in America” in 1967.
Early Buckinghams tours and TV appearances.
For almost 18 months, The Buckinghams toured the country, playing over 300 dates in 1967 alone. They toured with Gene Pitney and The Beach Boys for several months with each performer. In arenas and festivals across the country, they shared the stage with Sonny & Cher, Neil Diamond, The Who, The Kinks, and The Zombies, and Tom Jones. When The Who first arrived in the United States, they performed as the opening act for The Buckinghams. The band was also featured on several national TV shows, including “The Ed Sullivan Show,” “The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour,” “American Bandstand,” "The Jerry Lewis Show", "The Dating Game", and "The Joey Bishop Show". Audiences would see Carl's Gretsch guitar featured during their performance on The Ed Sullivan Show, a tribute to George Harrison's subtle influence on his music.
Columbia Records career.
When Columbia released “Don’t You Care,” it moved quickly up the same charts that still held “Kind of a Drag” and “Lawdy Miss Clawdy,” on USA Records, giving The Buckinghams three singles atop the Top 10 simultaneously on two different labels.
The end of the 1960s found The Buckinghams’ musical tastes changing with the times. They tried psychedelic looks and sounds, but Columbia Records preferred sticking with the proven pop rock sound and look. Convinced they could write, sing and produce their own material, The Buckinghams splintered, helped along by a series of events. They’d parted company with Guercio over publishing rights, royalties, and profits. Columbia assigned staff producer Jimmy “The Wiz” Wisner to produce their fourth album, “In One Ear and Gone Tomorrow.” Only one single, “Back in Love Again” would chart, but the album more closely represented the group’s developing musical talents. Another Wisner-produced song written by Marty Grebb, “You Misunderstand Me,” would find new life on the Northern Soul circuit; Giammarese includes it in the band's current concert lineup.
Columbia assigned a fourth producer, John Hill, to record tracks and before The Buckinghams decided to split in 1970, they’d recorded several new songs, some of their own composition, which would later find modest success 30 years later. Two songs cowritten by John Turner, who joined on keyboards after Grebb departed (“It’s a Beautiful Day" and “Difference of Opinion,”) were included on Sony/Legacy’s compilation CD, “Mercy, Mercy, Mercy,” which still shows strong sales.
Tufano & Giammarese.
Marty Grebb left The Buckinghams and eventually formed the band “The Fabulous Rhinestones.” Nick Fortuna left to play in R&B bands, forming his own band, “Crystal,” and John Poulos pursued music management. Giammarese started writing songs, as did Dennis Tufano. Tufano and Giammarese decided to form a duo. Leaving behind national teen idol images and reputations, they used the names “Dennis and Carl” as they played small Chicago club venues.
The duo recorded a demo of their compositions and used several members of the group Poco as session players on the recording session. Acting as their first manager, John Poulos took the demo to multiple Grammy winner Lou Adler, who signed the duo immediately and insisted on producing their first album, which carried their new identity as the title: “Tufano & Giammarese.” 
Lou Adler generously shared publishing rights and royalties with the new duo. Dennis and Carl wrote material for three albums recorded for Adler’s Ode Records, “Tufano & Giammarese,” “The Tufano-Giammarese Band,” and “The Other Side (released on the Ode/Epic label)” They worked with Adler, Jack Richardson (of Nimbus 9 Productions), Tom Scott and Hank Cicalo as producers on the second and third albums, respectively. Their first single from their self-titled album, “Music Everywhere,” went to the Top 50 on the charts as the duo chose not to capitalize on their previous identities as members of The Buckinghams.
Adler sent them on tour with colleagues from Grammy winner Carole King, with good results, to Cheech and Chong, whose personalities clashed with the acoustic duo. Three albums later, the duo split and Tufano remained in California to pursue an acting career. Giammarese returned to Chicago.
Advertising jingle singer.
In the late 1970s Giammarese returned to the music business as a freelance session singer for advertising agencies. Giammarese had a successful four-year career in Chicago, considered the hub of the advertising industry during this time. His voice was heard as a solo or group artist on commercials for McDonald’s, United Airlines, Lava Soap, Kellogg’s, RC Cola, Pizza Hut, Whopper’s Candy, and Coors beer.
In 1980 John Gehron, WLS program exec, called Giammarese at the invitation of Mayor Jane Byrne, to see if The Buckinghams would be interested in reuniting for a premiere new event, ChicagoFest, to be held at Navy Pier. Giammarese called Nick Fortuna and Dennis Tufano, who agreed. Carl went back to lead guitar–backing vocals, Nick on bass–backing vocals, and Dennis on lead vocals. Recruiting drummer Tom Radtke and keyboardist John Cammelot, they set event attendance records.
Buckinghams reunion for national tours.
After two years playing selected reunion gigs, Dennis Tufano returned to Los Angeles and the film industry. At Nick Fortuna’s suggestion, Carl became lead vocalist, and in 1983 Tom Scheckel became the new drummer. John Cammelot returned on keyboards and Laurie Beebe was added as The Buckinghams were invited to join the “Happy Together” tour. Sharing the stage with The Turtles, The Grass Roots, and Gary Lewis & The Playboys, 200 concerts in eight months, they were part of one of the Top 10 highest grossing national tours in 1985. As a result of the group’s resurgence in popularity, they released "A Matter of Time" on Red Label Records, from which the power ballad single “Veronica,” became an audience favorite.
In 1986, Giammarese and Fortuna recruited Bob Abrams (guitar/vocals) and Bruce Soboroff (keyboards/vocals), and in 2001 toured on the successful Solid Gold 60s tour, recorded for PBS, often rebroadcast during annual pledge drives. In 1998, Nation Records released The Buckinghams album “Terra Firma,” which featured a unique a cappella version of “Kind of a Drag” as well as original songs composed by Giammarese and Bruce Soboroff. The CD version of “Terra Firma” included a bonus video of “I Knew You When,” sung by Giammarese.
First solo CD.
In 2002, Giammarese, playing an acoustic Martin D41 6-string guitar, released his first solo album. The release included his own musical compositions and lyrics written by Michele Sweeney-Abrams(ASCAP)on eight of the eleven songs, including the Title Track,“Trying Not to Fade”. One of the songs written entirely by Giammarese, “Oh Lord (Make Me More Like You),” was recorded by Christian recording artist, Lisa Ann, and featured on Chicago radio station, The Fish. The song was subsequently recorded by artist duo Azure Fields and featured on their album, "The Way to Grace".
Current career highlights.
Since 1985, The Buckinghams have toured steadily and performed in arenas, theatres, festivals, and casinos as well as private corporate events. The current band lineup is founding member Carl Giammarese (lead vocals, guitar), founding member Nick Fortuna (bass guitar, vocals), Dave Zane (guitar, vocals), Rocky Penn (drums, vocals), and Bruce Soboroff (keyboards, vocals). The "Buckinghorns", a group of Horn players who perform regularly with the band, include Carlo Isabelli (trumpet), Charles Morgan (trombone), Rich Moore (sax), and Steve Frost (trumpet).
The Buckinghams were given a special place in musical history after 40 years, chosen to headline two Washington, DC, inaugural balls: the 2005 "Twilight on the Prairie Ball” for President Bush's inauguration and the 2009 “Bipartisan Agricultural Ball” for President Obama’s inauguration. Their rendition of the national anthem still finds them in demand for this honor at football, baseball, and basketball games across Chicago and the Midwest.
In 2008 two new albums were released: “Standing Room Only” (also released on BML as The Buckinghams’ “Live and Well”) and the studio album, “Reaching Back,” distributed in retail stores on Los Angeles-based Fuel Records. Giammarese wrote 8 new songs for this studio CD, as a response to fans who had been requesting new songs from The Buckinghams that reminded them of the 60s horn rock sound.
In 2010 Giammarese produced "Up Close", a DVD/CD recording of the band's live concert filmed at the Star Plaza in Merrillville, Indiana the previous year. The project was released by Buckinghams Music Ltd. In 2011 Giammarese released his solo CD, "My Journey," as a companion to his biography, coauthored with Dawn Lee Wakefield, entitled "The Buckinghams: My Journey".
In 2012, Carl Giammarese (together with Nick Fortuna) are on the 2012 Happy Together Tour as The Buckinghams join The Turtles, Micky Dolenz, Gary Puckett, 
and Grass Roots for the 3rd consecutive anniversary year.
Nomination to Hit Parade Hall of Fame.
In 2008, The Buckinghams were nominated for induction into The Hit Parade Hall of Fame. This organization was initiated by radio programming executive John Rook and Gil Bateman, who assembled a board of directors of extensive experience in radio broadcasting and the record industry.
IN 2012, Giammarese was presented with the "Man of the Year" award by the Secret Agent Foundation, a Chicago-area music charity that provides music instruments and instructions to underserved Chicago youth.
References.
1. ChicagoPublicSchoolsAlumni.org, Editor, 2008 "Personal communication through http://www.CPSalumni.org"
2. Biography, The Buckinghams’ official MySpace page, 2008: www.myspace.com/thebuckinghams
3. Quaglieri, Al, Liner Notes, “Mercy, Mercy, Mercy” CD, Sony Legacy, 1991.
4. Personal interview, Carl Giammarese, March, 2008.
5. Wakefield, Dawn Lee, Liner notes, “Reaching Back,” Fuel Records, 2008 www.thebuckinghams.com/reachingback.html
6. Hit Parade Hall of Fame, Buckinghams' nomination, www.thebuckinghams.com/hit_parade.html
7. Media biography, The Buckinghams’ official Web site, 2008: www.thebuckinghams.com

</doc>
<doc id="19526455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19526455" title="List of ultras of Northeast Asia">
List of ultras of Northeast Asia

This is a list of all the Ultra prominent peaks (with topographic prominence greater than 1,500 metres) in Northeast Asia. There are 53 in total.
Sources.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19526457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19526457" title="Allt-na-h-Airbhe">
Allt-na-h-Airbhe

Allt-na-h-Airbhe (Scottish Gaelic: Allt na h-Airbhe), "stream at the boundary wall", is a small crofting settlement close to Ullapool, Ross-shire, on the west shore of Loch Broom, and is within the council of Highland, Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="19526460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19526460" title="Halidou Douva Abdou">
Halidou Douva Abdou

Abdou Halidou Douva (born on February 2, 1986 in Maroua) is a Cameroonian footballer who is a Midfielder who currently plays for US Douala.
Career.
He began his career at Sahel FC in September 2006 transferred to Hungary club Diósgyőri VTK, later in January 2008 moved to Cameroon and signs a contract by Cotonsport Garoua. After one season with Cotonsport Garoua signed in September 2009 with league rival Union Douala.

</doc>
