<doc id="19491754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491754" title="Josef Veltjens">
Josef Veltjens

Josef "Seppl" Veltjens (2 June 1894 - 6 October 1943) Pour le Mérite, Royal House Order of Hohenzollern, Iron Cross was a World War I fighter ace credited with 35 victories. In later years, he served as an international arms dealer, as well as a personal emissary from Hermann Göring to Benito Mussolini.
Early life.
Josef Veltjens was born in Geldern, Rhineland, Imperial Germany, the son of a factory manager. He attended Humanisti High School in Berlin, then the Technical University in Charlottenburg where he read mechanical engineering. His prime interest was internal combustion engines.
He enlisted in the Kaiserin Augusta Guards Regiment Number 4 on 3 August 1914. Four days later, he and his regiment were at the front. When his column was attacked by the French, Veltjens and three others tried unsuccessfully to defend it. The vehicles were set on fire. As a straggler, Veltjens joined Infantry Regiment Number 8. Promotion to "Vizefeldwebel" (literally vice-sergeant) rapidly followed. After several requests, he was sent for aviation training.
World War I service.
On 2 December 1915, at Johannisthal near Berlin, Veltjens soloed. He took his pilots examination on 15 December after three solo flights. Without waiting for his official pilot's ticket, he took advantage of the confusion of the holiday season to take himself to Tergnier.
He was posted as a member of Flieger Abteilung 23 on 10 May 1916, to fly reconnaissance missions. He did so well, he was commissioned as a "Leutnant der Reserve" (lieutenant in the reserves). He served there with another future ace, Rudolf Berthold. From there, he moved on to single-seat fighters with Royal Prussian "Jagdstaffel 14" when Berthold was given its command.
Veltjens scored his first victory, over a SPAD, on 14 April 1917. He was flying an Albatros D.III at the time, with his own personal aircraft marking of a white barbed arrow pointed back from the scarlet nose down the length of the royal blue fuselage. By 1 June, he had downed three more SPADs and a Farman. Berthold mentored him through this, but was very demanding.
Veltjens was then transferred to Royal Prussian "Jasta 18" in August at Berthold's request, its new commanding officer. This "Jasta" was then operating Albatros D.Vs and Fokker Dr.Is. Veltjens first scored for them on 16 September 1917; he scored his ninth victory on 15 November to close out 1917.
He marked up his tenth kill on 18 February 1918. He was then reassigned to "Jasta 15" the following month. This was an interesting swap, in which Berthold took his pilots with him when he transferred; "Jasta 15"s pilots in turn became "Jasta 18". The exchange meant Berthold, Veltjens, and the rest of the new "Jasta 15" were now part of the prestigious "Jagdgeschwader II". "Jasta 15" would soon be re-equipped with the Fokker D.VII.
Veltjens rose to its command on 18 May, on the same day he scored his 13th victory. He was appointed to replace an officer suspected of conspiring to have the wounded Berthold removed as JG II commander. May also saw Veltjens awarded the Knight's Cross of the Royal House Order of Hohenzollern on the 20th, as well as the Iron Cross First Class.
By 10 August 1918, Veltjens' score had risen to 23. In that day's fighting his score rose two more. It also marked the day Berthold collided with a British DH.4 and crashed into a house; he survived, but his injuries hospitalized him to the war's end. Veltjens shot down two Caudrons and an RAF SE.5a the following day.
Another "Hauptmann" (captain) was appointed to his command, but Veltjens was chosen to lead JG II into aerial combat. Berthold temporarily escaped from hospital on the 12th despite serious injuries and returned to resume command. The commander of two days surrendered his position. Berthold was ordered the following day to return to hospital and turn command of the entire "Jagdschwader" over to Veltjens, who promptly turned leadership of "Jasta 15" over to his former pilot in FFA 23, his old friend Joachim von Ziegesar. Three days later, on 16 August, Veltjens received the "Blue Max", as the "Pour le Mérite" was nicknamed.
His victory total was 31 when he went on leave, leaving Oscar Freiherr von Boenigk in charge. Upon his return, he resumed command of JG II on 28 September, only to be bumped down once again to command "Jasta 15" from 12 October to Armistice Day. During this time, he raised his victory total to 35.
Between the wars.
Veltjens joined "Freikorps" Gerstenberg in the aftermath of Germany's defeat. He was wounded three times while commanding an armoured car in a January, 1919 assault on Spartakists (German communists) in Bremen.
He followed this with a spell as a merchant sailor on his own sailing ship, the "Merkur", a 100 ton vessel. By helping the German Navy to rearm in secrecy, he drifted into arms dealing. This became his lifelong business. He supplied Mustafa Kemal Atatürk for the establishment of the Turkish Republic and Chiang Kai-shek for the unification of a nationalist China.
He joined both the Nazi Party and its Brown Shirts ("Sturmabteilung", SA)in 1929, as one of the early adherents. This did not last long, as, after a face-to-face confrontation with Hitler in 1931, he resigned from the party and the SA. This put him on the black list of the SS ("Schutzstaffel"), who repeatedly arrested him. His World War I comrade, Hermann Göring, managed to protect him.
In 1935 Mussolini requested arms from Germany to support him in the Second Italo-Abyssinian War, and Göring delegated the task of supply to Veltjens. The United Kingdom and France were actually the official allies of Italy at the time in order to stop Italy from getting too close to Germany, but refrained from supplying arms because both warring countries were members of the League of Nations.
Just before the outbreak of the Spanish Civil War in March 1936, Colonel Veltjens was contacted by Infante Alfonso, Duke of Galliera, Infante of Spain, who lived in Portugal at the time. He asked Veltjens to assist with the supply of arms to the generals, who planned a coup d'état against the newly elected leftist alliance.
In late 1936, Veltjens was instrumental in founding a shipping company of three vessels to supply munitions to the Nationalists. His shipments could be as large as ten million rounds of ammunition at a time, or half a dozen fighter planes. He specialised in transporting high explosives, although he once shipped a brigade of 600 Irish Blueshirts to the war.
Veltjens was requested by the Soviets to also supply the Spanish Republicans. This deal was cut in Paris. However, the cargo was not arms, but a load of rocks, loaded in boxes and disguised by a layer of boxes with rifles on top. The shipment went through Stockholm, where it was transferred to a Russian freighter, which took it to Gijón in the north of Spain. This operation got him into trouble with the Swedish government. The proceeds were, after costs, donated to a charity for German widows of the Spanish Civil War, and to General Emilio Mola's war chest. He later added a few more ships to his little fleet, which sailed under the Panamanian flag to disguise German involvement.
Veltjens was paid by both sides in British pounds sterling, which in that day was the next best thing to bullion. When Hitler later decided to support Franco, he did so in secrecy at first, but Veltjens was allowed by Göring to continue his private dealings, mainly because of his possession of tungsten and molybdenum necessary for the prompt production of his orders.
When Finland was about to be attacked by Soviet Union in November 1939, Veltjens was approached by the Finns in the hope that he could help with the supply of arms, since Hitler had prohibited direct arms shipments from Germany in order to avoid provoking Soviet Union. However Veltjens was able to ship some quantities of arms and ammunition from various countries at extremely short notice. He later received a Finnish decoration, the Commander Cross First Class with Swords of the Order of the White Rose of Finland.
World War II.
Veltjens was recalled into the Luftwaffe at the start of World War II.
In August 1940, Veltjens, with the rank of "Oberstleutnant" (lieutenant colonel), served as Göring's personal emissary in negotiations with Finland just before the Continuation War. Despite his relatively low rank, he ended up dealing with Prime Minister Ryti and Marshal Mannerheim because of his close, albeit secret, prior relations with them before and during the Winter War. These negotiations resulted in a trade-off; German troops would have unhindered transit through Finnish territory in exchange for arms that the Finns could use against a threatened Russian encroachment.
As a result of the so-called Veltjens-Agreement in 1941, German troops moved into Finland beginning on 8 June 1941.
"Oberst" Veltjens' next assignment was as special plenipotentiary against black marketing in occupied Europe, beginning in May, 1942. It was his job to be sure only authorised German conglomerates bought the goods needed by that country.
In 1943 during World War II, Veltjens also served as Göring's emissary to Benito Mussolini in Salò. He was to negotiate the distribution of the Italian National Reserves of gold bullion that had been removed from Rome to Milan by the SS. This involved its allocation as payment of Italy's debts on behalf of the various stakeholders, including the Kingdom of Italy, the new Italian Social Republic, Germany and lastly the Swiss National Bank as the major creditor. Before his subsequent flight from Milan to Rome to finalise aspects of his negotiations, Veltjens' pilot had been warned of the possibility of Allied fighters in the area, and elected to fly low across the Apennine Mountains. However on 6 October 1943 the Junkers 52 crashed into Monte Cervellino, Veltjens and all but one of the crew died as a result.
Veltjens was originally buried in Italy, but his body was later transferred home to Lübeck, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="19491759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491759" title="Francis Macnab">
Francis Macnab

Francis Macnab (born 21 June 1931) is the Executive Minister at St Michael's Uniting Church, a congregation of the Uniting Church in Australia in Collins Street, Melbourne, Australia, and a Fellow of the Jesus Seminar.
Personal.
He was born to J D Macnab and Mary Anne Louisa Hughes on 21 June 1931. He married his wife Sheila in 1958 and they have 3 children, 2 daughters and a son.
He was made a Member of the Order of Australia for his contributions to Psychotherapy and Religion.
Training and psychological work.
He holds a Doctor of Divinity from the University of Aberdeen. He has honorary doctorates from the University of Melbourne and RMIT in psychology and applied science.
In 1961, Dr Macnab opened the Cairnmillar Institute, a clinical psychological centre, the largest in Australia, which was for some time the largest training body for psychologists and counsellors in the country. He continues as its Executive Director
Dr Macnab also founded, and is the Director of the Australian Foundation for Aftermath Reactions, which provides trauma treatment and training. He is a Fellow of the Australian Psychological Society.
Ministry.
Following a ministry at Prahran Presbyterian Church from 1961 until 1970, he was made minister of the then Collins Street Congregational Church in 1971. The church became a congregation of the Uniting Church in Australia at its inception in 1977.
During his ministry he has created "Mingary - the Quiet Place" a contemplative space at St Michael's open for members of the public to enjoy a meditative and reflective experience. Mingary also offers low cost counselling under the supervision of the Manager Psychologist Dr Lynette Kramer. Mingary is run in conjunction with the Cairnmillar Institute and the Australian Foundation for Aftermath Reactions, both of which Dr Macnab founded.
Theology.
"A New Faith".
Dr Macnab told the 16 September 2008 edition of the Age, "The old faith is in large sections unbelievable. We want to make the new faith more believable, realistic and helpful in terms of the way people live". The new faith was launched with a $120,000 advertising campaign including posters reading, "The Ten Commandments, one of the most negative documents ever written." Dr Macnab described Moses as a mass murderer, Abraham as concocted and Jesus as a Jewish peasant and certainly not God.
Video of the New Faith Lecture
Reaction.
The Moderator of the Synod of Victoria and Tasmania, Rev Kioa described Dr Macnab's comments challenging the divinity of Jesus as questioning some of the faith's most basic beliefs, turning away from 2000 years of "orthodox Christian belief." Other members of the Synod published their concerns.
The Synod of Victoria and Tasmania voted to request St Michael's Uniting Church to remove advertising for its new faith and apologise to Jews, Christians and Muslims for the comments it contained about the Ten Commandments. The Uniting Church did not move to discipline Dr Macnab because no formal complaint had been received.
Scots' Church a member of the Presbyterian Church of Australia and located across the road from St. Michaels, published a reply defending the Ten Commandments from "he most incredible publicity war... being waged against the historic Christian faith." They installed a poster outlining the influence of the Ten Commandments on their Russell Street frontage facing towards St. Michael's.
Dr Macnab's response.
In an interview with Stateline Victoria, Dr Macnab replied to criticism saying that he was in agreement with others inside Christianity who, "are asking the traditional church to re-examine and renew their basic thinking about what faith can be, because millions of people do not find the old faith meaningful to their lives." He said he "would expect that kind of reaction from people who take the scriptures far too literally."
In an address on 5 October Dr Macnab defended his comments, including against suggestions they were offensive to Jews, citing his study in undergraduate and postgraduate work in Hebrew language and history, including distinctions, and saying "Some of the comments have been knee-jerk reactions, uninformed and heavily overloaded with bad manners." He also stated, "While I have no intention of denigrating the Ten Commandments as a sacred symbol of the Jewish Torah and the Old Covenant, I say they are negative." He gave 8 reasons why he believes the Ten Commandments to be negative, and outlined his alternative 10 Commandments, which he described as "positive, plausible and powerful":
Self-promotion.
In February, 2010, a billboard was posted on the Monash Freeway with pictures of Florence Nightingale, Martin Luther King, Jr. and MacNab. St Michael's website says that while Nightingale "gave people faith in the future that kept their spirits alive" and King "started a movement that shaped attitudes of acceptance of others," Macnab "speaks to us about how a new faith can energise our bodies and spirits that is necessary to accept ourselves in a greater way, and also accept others in a spirit of generosity and open-mindedness." The Age newspaper reported that Macnab had posted the billboard "with pictures of Florence Nightingale, Martin Luther King and himself as model leaders." It also reported accusations of self-promotion.

</doc>
<doc id="19491762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491762" title="Nduka Awazie">
Nduka Awazie

Nduka Awazie (born 4 April 1981) is a Nigerian athlete and Olympic medalist and the 400 meters world Junior Champion. He won the world junior title at the 8th IAAF World Junior Championship held in 1998 Annecy, France. He attended Eastern Michigan University.
Awazie was part of the Nigerian team that won the silver medal in the 4 x 400 metres relay at the 2000 Olympics.
The Nigerian team finished second behind the US team. The US team has since been formally disqualified from the 4x400 meters relay event at the 2000 Olympics by the International Olympic Committee, due to Antonio Pettigrew use of illegal performance-enhancing drugs while competing in Sydney.
On 21 July 2012, the 2000 Olympics 4x400m relay medals were reallocated after the USA team was stripped of the gold medal, meaning Awazie and Nigeria are the gold medalists.

</doc>
<doc id="19491765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491765" title="Notícias da Madalena">
Notícias da Madalena

Notícias da Madalena is a regional newspaper printed in the parish of Madalena, Vila Nova de Gaia. It is published every 4 months and it is free of costs. This newspaper intends to show what is being done in Madalena. It is directed by the executive council of the parish.

</doc>
<doc id="19491766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491766" title="Septwolves">
Septwolves

Septwolves () is a tobacco and clothing brand based in Fujian, People's Republic of China. The brand was registered in 1990. It was the subject of a Hong Kong trademark case which divided it between two businesses.
History.
Tobacco.
The tobacco brand is promoted by the Longyan Cigarette Factory under the auspices of the Jinjiang Tobacco Monopoly Bureau, and is used nationwide for cigarettes. The Irish journalist Mark Godfrey called it "one of the biggest cigarette makers in the country"
Clothing.
The clothing business, started in 1990 in Jinjiang, and is now based in Xiamen. In 1992 it was recognized as a 'Reputable Brand in Fujian', and the next year the trademark was registered overseas. It claims to be "one of the most famous men's clothing makers in China" and has now expanded into womenswear and childrenswear.
In 2000, the garment business was restructured. In February 2002, US President George W. Bush was presented with samples as part of his visit to China. The company has had endorsement or sponsorship deals with Chyi Chin and Real Madrid. In 2006, it was ranked 303rd most influential brand in Asia.
Since 6 August 2004, the garment business has been listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange as Fujian Septwolves Industry Stock Co.
The group also operates a number of enterprises in Fujian, including commercial property in Quanzhou worth over RMB100 million.

</doc>
<doc id="19491802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491802" title="Fidelis Gadzama">
Fidelis Gadzama

Fidelis Gadzama (born October 20, 1979) is a Nigerian athlete and Olympic medalist.
Gadzama was a part of the Nigerian team that received a silver medal in the 4 x 400 metres relay at the 2000 Olympics in Sydney.
The Nigerian team finished second behind the US team, which has later been formally disqualified from the 4x400 meters relay event at the 2000 Olympics by the International Olympic Committee, due to one of the team members' use of illegal performance-enhancing drugs while competing in Sydney.
On 21 July 2012, the 2000 Olympics 4x400m relay medals were reallocated after the USA team was stripped of the gold medal, meaning Gadzama and Nigeria are the gold medalists.

</doc>
<doc id="19491807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491807" title="Trans Corp">
Trans Corp

Trans Corp (PT Trans Corporation) formerly known as PT Para Inti Investindo is a business unit of in the field of media, lifestyle, and entertainment. At first, Trans Corp founded as a liaison between the television station Trans TV with a television station that had just taken over 49% ownership stake by CT Corp of Kompas Gramedia Group, Trans 7 (formerly TV7). Trans Corp is owned by that was driven Chairul Tanjung.
Branch Office Trans Corp.
Surabaya, East Java.
On December 19, 2011, , inaugurated the Trans Corp's Office at Jalan Jimerto No 17 A, Surabaya. This office will become place of representative for Trans TV, Trans7 and bureau Surabaya.
Bandung, West Java.
On February 1, 2012, Dada Rosada inaugurated the Trans Corp's Office at Jalan Lombok No 33, Bandung. This office will become place of representative for Trans TV, Trans7 and bureau Bandung.

</doc>
<doc id="19491824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491824" title="Kōya Station">
Kōya Station

Kōya Station may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19491845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491845" title="Di Jones">
Di Jones

David "Di" Jones (1867 – 27 August 1902) was a Welsh footballer who played as a full back for Chirk, Bolton Wanderers and Manchester City in the late 19th century. He also won 14 caps for the Welsh national team.
Career.
Club career.
Jones was Born in Trefonen, Shropshire to Lot Jones, a coal miner and labourer. His nephew was the footballer, Lot Jones. He began his career with Chirk, with whom he won the Welsh Cup in 1887 and 1888, the latter as captain. He was then persuaded to join Newton Heath. However, he soon moved on to Bolton Wanderers in March 1889 after just two friendly appearances for the Heathens. At Bolton, he captained the side in the 1894 FA Cup Final, but finished on the losing side as Notts County defeated Wanderers 4–1. In ten years at Bolton, Jones made a total of 228 appearances and scored four goals, before moving to Manchester City, where his former Chirk team-mate Billy Meredith was a player. He made his Manchester City debut against Luton Town on 8 October 1898. In his first season at City the club won promotion to the First Division, the highest level of English football. He scored one goal in 114 appearances for City.
On 17 August 1902, Jones was playing in a pre-season practice match when he suffered a cut to his knee after falling on a piece of glass. The wound became infected, and Jones died a few days later.
International career.
Jones made his debut for the Wales national team on 3 March 1888, playing at right-half in an 11–0 victory over Ireland at Wrexham. In a 12-year international career, Jones made a total of 16 appearances, but two, against Canada in 1891, were uncapped. His final Wales appearance came on 26 March 1900, a 1–1 draw with England in which he played at right-back.

</doc>
<doc id="19491848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491848" title="Michael Jandreau">
Michael Jandreau

Michael Jandreau (born October 1943) is a Native American leader.
He is the chairman of the Lower Brule Sioux Tribe now centred on the Lower Brule Sioux-Lakota Reservation, one of several tribal governments in South Dakota. He is a leader on the reservation, and serves as the Chief Executive Officer of the Tribe. He began in 1972 as Vice Chairman, at which time the Tribal Council elected the officers of the council from its members. In 1986 Mr. Jandreau was elected as the first Tribal Council Chairman to be elected at large for the Lower Brule Sioux-Lakota Tribe.
He started many of the tribe’s projects. Today the tribe’s farm corporation is the number one grower of popcorn in the world. It also grows navy beans. Mr. Jandreau also guides other programs for the tribe, including the Lower Brule Wildlife Program and the Golden Buffalo Casino.

</doc>
<doc id="19491858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491858" title="Bertha Díaz">
Bertha Díaz

Julia Bertha Díaz Hernández (born October 1, 1936 in Havana, Ciudad de la Habana) is a retired sprinter from Cuba, who also competed in the long jump and the hurdling events during her career. She represented her native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1956.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19491869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491869" title="Sneakernight">
Sneakernight

"Sneakernight" is a song by American pop singer Vanessa Hudgens. It is the only single from her second album, "Identified". Produced by J. R. Rotem, it was available on iTunes on May 27, 2008 and was released in Germany on February 6, 2009.
Critical reception.
Ryan Dombal of Blender said:
Maria Dinoia of "Commonsense Media" stated:
Music video.
The music video shows Hudgens going to a house party with a group of friends wearing glowing neon sneakers (Ecko Red shoes). It starts with Hudgens calling her friends on her cell phone, and picking out sneakers. On the second verse, she is now at the party and while on her way to a guy staring at her, she is blocked by another guy who tries to impress her by showing some dance moves. It premiered on Disney.com on June 13, 2008 and on MTV's "TRL" on July 1, 2008. The video was directed by R. Malcolm Jones.

</doc>
<doc id="19491874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491874" title="Mecklenburg T 4">
Mecklenburg T 4

The Mecklenburg T 4 was a German steam locomotive built for the Grand Duchy of Mecklenburg Friedrich-Franz Railway as a goods train tank locomotive with a leading axle and three coupled axles (2-6-0T). In 1925 it was incorporated in the renumbering plan of the Deutsche Reichsbahn as DRG Class 91.19.
At the beginning of the 20th century much more powerful locomotives were needed for branch line operations, but the tried and trusted Prussian engines could not be used because the T 9 family was already clearly too heavy. As a result, Henschel-Werke was given an order for what became the Mecklenburg T 4, one of the few locomotive classes to be developed by Mecklenburg itself. Contrary to what is often stated in the literature, these engines had a Krauss-Helmholtz bogie (just like the Prussian T 9.3). The Reichsbahn took over all 50 vehicles. Because the Mecklenburg routes were reinforced, the first locomotives became superfluous as early as the 1930s. Of the 38 locomotives left after the Second World War, two were taken over by the PKP in Poland, four came into the hands of the Deutsche Bundesbahn (DB), 15 had to be given up as reparations and two were retired as a result of serious damage, leaving just 13 with the Deutsche Reichsbahn (DR) in East Germany, of which two in the early 1950s ran in Saxony (for example between Niederschlema and Schneeberg, because damage by the uranium mines meant that only very light vehicles could be employed; eventually even that was no longer possible). The DB retired its locomotives by 1950 due to their low numbers, but continued to use them for a long time as industrial locos in repair shops. In 1949, the DR took over four of the six locomotives built in 1919/1920 for private lines by Henschel and gave them the numbers 91 6401–6404. The last of these engines were withdrawn from service in 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="19491886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491886" title="Armenian newspapers">
Armenian newspapers

Armenian Newspapers are published in the Republic of Armenia and in the Armenian diaspora where there are concentrations of Armenians.
Usually the newspapers are in Armenian language, but many of the Armenian Diaspora newspapers will usually have supplements or sections in the national language of the country where the newspaper is published.
Armenian Daily and Weekly Newspapers in the Diaspora.
Lebanon.
[http://www.armeniandiaspora.am/am/Encyclopedia_mamuly]
United States.
[http://www.acam-france.org/contacts/diaspora-monde/etatsunis.htm]
See also.
List of newspapers in Armenia

</doc>
<doc id="19491924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491924" title="Paltiel">
Paltiel

Paltiel may refer to one of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19491944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491944" title="2000 RCA Championships – Doubles">
2000 RCA Championships – Doubles

Paul Haarhuis and Jared Palmer were the defending champions, but chose not to participate that year.
Lleyton Hewitt and Sandon Stolle won in the final 6–2, 3–6, 6–3, against Jonas Björkman and Max Mirnyi.

</doc>
<doc id="19491945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491945" title="Plamena Mangova">
Plamena Mangova

Plamena Mangova (born in Pleven, 1980) is a Bulgarian pianist.
At 18 she was awarded the XIV Paloma O'Shea Competition's 3rd prize. Nine years later she took part at the XVI Queen Elisabeth International Music Competition, where she was second to Anna Vinnitskaya.
She has been active as a concert pianist at an international level since 2000, when she debuted at Paris' Théâtre du Châtelet. Her first CD, a Dmitri Shostakovich monographic, was awarded a Diapason d'Or. As a chamber musician she has recorded Sergey Prokofiev's complete works for violin and piano, plus Shostakovich's Piano Quintet, featured in the aforementioned recording.

</doc>
<doc id="19491948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491948" title="Tom Robinson (athlete)">
Tom Robinson (athlete)

Thomas Augustus "Tom" Robinson (March 16, 1938 – November 25, 2012) was a track and field athlete from the Bahamas, who competed in the sprint events. He was born in Nassau, New Providence. Thomas Robinson Stadium (15,000 seats) in the Bahamian capital Nassau is named for him since its construction in 1981.
Robinson represented his native country in four consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1956. At the 1958 British Empire and Commonwealth Games in Cardiff, he won gold in the 200 yards dash and silver in the 100 yards dash. He again won silver in the 100 yards in the 1962 British Empire and Commonwealth Games and the 1966 British Empire and Commonwealth Games. He claimed a gold medal at the 1962 Central American and Caribbean Games. Robinson was a contributor on the University of Michigan track team from 1958 to 1961, winning multiple team and individual Big 10 championships during his tenure. He was inducted into the University of Michigan Athletic Hall of Honor in 1985. He was a finalist in the 100 meters at the 1964 Summer Olympic Games but finished 8th due to injuries.
Robinson died on November 25, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19491956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491956" title="1999 Chatham Cup">
1999 Chatham Cup

The 1999 Chatham Cup was the 72nd annual nationwide knockout football competition in New Zealand.
Up to the last 16 of the competition, the cup was run in three regions (northern, central, and southern), with an open draw from the quarter-finals on. In all, 132 teams took part in the competition. Note: Different sources give different numberings for the rounds of the competition. Some record five rounds prior to the quarter-finals; others note a preliminary round followed by four rounds proper.
The 1999 final.
Dunedin Technical made up for their big loss in the 1998 final, winning 4-0.
The Jack Batty Memorial Cup is awarded to the player adjudged to have made to most positive impact in the Chatham Cup final. The winner of the 1999 Jack Batty Memorial Cup was Aaron Burgess of Dunedin Technical.

</doc>
<doc id="19491983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491983" title="National Basketball League (Bulgaria)">
National Basketball League (Bulgaria)

The Bulgarian National Basketball League (NBL) is the highest professional basketball league in Bulgaria. It was founded in 2008. Previously, it was called the Bulgarian A Division. The A Division is now the second level professional league in Bulgaria.
In 2013-14 season, there will be nine teams in the National Basketball League.
Recent champions.
Statistics in the several leagues, including play-off games.

</doc>
<doc id="19491992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491992" title="Ufton">
Ufton

Ufton is a small village in the Stratford District of Warwickshire, England. It is south east of Leamington Spa and west of Southam on the A425 road. It sits on top of a glacial escarpment 121 metres above sea level, which was formed during the last ice age. Ufton Fields, a Site of Special Scientific Interest, is to the south east of the village. The parish church, which is dedicated to St Michael, dates back at least to the start of the 13th century. The Grand Union Canal is within walking distance of the village to the north.
History.
The origin of the name Ufton is uncertain. In the Long Itchington Charter is called "Wulluht Graf" which is, in modern English, Ufton Wood. In the Domesday book it is called "Ulchtune". One theory is the name comes from the Danish chief Ulla who lived in the area. The village has historic links to Balliol College of Oxford University which owned much of the parish land in the 19th century.
In September 2007, a large fire at the landfill site just outside the village resulted in 100 tonnes of rubber burning for two days. The story made the national press. Just over a year later, however, the village won the "Best Village in Warwickshire" award as voted for by the Warwickshire Rural Community Council, as well as the "Best Communications" section in a similar competition sponsored by Calor.

</doc>
<doc id="19492013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492013" title="Kringsjaa">
Kringsjaa

Kringsjaa (Outlook) was a periodical which was published weekly from 1893–1910. It was published by Olaf Norlis forlag in Kristiania. The paper was around 80–100 pages, and was based on subscription. The publishers also bound the issues into bindings of 10 issues. 
The paper was founded in 1893 when Unitarian Hans Tambs Lyche (1859–1898) returned from America, and was editor until 1898. Contributing editor from 1898 to 1910 was Christopher Brinchmann. Vilhelm Krag and Alf Harbitz were involved as well. In 1910 "Kringsjaa" was bought by the author and advocate of Nynorsk, Marta Steinsvik, who had been secretary of the newspaper since 1895. She wanted to bring the Nynorsk language form into "Kringsjaa" together with the Dano-Norwegian mix which had until then been prevalent. It became clear in the meantime that there was not enough money to be made from this, and the paper folded in the same year. 
"Kringsjaa" contained a wide range of topics. There were articles around popular science, politics, culture, religion, and editorials. Many of the articles were illustrated with photographs or drawings. A large section of the paper was taken up with articles from foreign newspapers, but the editor also provided a large amount of original content. 

</doc>
<doc id="19492029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492029" title="Abaka (weekly)">
Abaka (weekly)

Abaka (Ապագայ in Armenian) is an Armenian Canadian trilingual newspaper established in Montreal, Quebec, Canada in 1975. It is the official political organ of the Armenian Democratic Liberal Party (Ramgavar party). Since 2010 however, it has been reflecting the views of the splinter Armenakan-Democratic Liberal Party.
"Abaka" is published weekly in Armenian with 4-page additional supplement in the middle (two pages in French and 2 pages English). 
The newspaper also publishes a children/teens monthly supplement called "Pountch" as an insert.

</doc>
<doc id="19492031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492031" title="Soprano cornet">
Soprano cornet

The soprano cornet is a brass musical instrument. Very similar to the standard B cornet, it too is a transposing instrument, but pitched higher, in E.
A single soprano cornet is usually seen in brass bands and silver bands and can often be found playing lead or descant parts in ensembles.

</doc>
<doc id="19492034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492034" title="Niseko Taisetsu">
Niseko Taisetsu

Niseko Taisetsu is a residential building that is planned for Kutchan, Hokkaidō, Japan.
Overview.
Announced in September 2008, the Niseko Taisetsu property development in Kutchan will be the Niseko region's tallest residential building. The 33 serviced apartments will also be Kutchan’s first combined Western/Japanese building.
Located two blocks south of Kutchan train station, construction is expected to start in 2011. The project is a collaboration between local property developer Niseko Alpine Developments (Nisade) and major Hokkaido builder Nakayama Gumi. 
As serviced apartments, purchasers own the unit outright and let out the building through a letting agency to maximize profits from winter ski tourism in the internationally renowned Niseko region.
The name "Taisetsu" can have two meanings in Japanese: 大雪 (heavy / big snow) and 大切 (significant / important).
Building and Design.
Designed by Sapporo high rise architect Toshikazu Suzuki, the building’s façade incorporates glass, natural stone and raw concrete which to contribute to the neighborhood as well as the skyline. 
Each room is designed around views over the Niseko ski area and neighbouring active volcano Mount Yōtei which can be seen from every apartment.
The building will have a top central spire of 4 stories in height, holding a three-bedroom apartment on each story, allowing 360-degree views from each apartment.
A combination of studios, one bedrooms, two bedrooms and three bedrooms, the building is stepped to create external terraces for rooftop garden areas.

</doc>
<doc id="19492069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492069" title="Conservatoire du Bégonia">
Conservatoire du Bégonia

The Conservatoire du Bégonia (1,000 m²) is a botanical garden specializing in begonias. It is located at 1 rue Charles Plumier, Rochefort, Charente-Maritime, Poitou-Charentes, France, and open for guided tours several days per week in early spring and late fall; an admission fee is charged.
The conservatory was established in 1988 in honor of royal botanist Charles Plumier (1646–1704), who discovered begonias while on an American expedition, and Michel Bégon (1638-1710), expedition organizer and Rochefort intendant, for whom the flower was named in 1690. Thanks to their efforts, Rochefort was famed for its importation of exotic plants during the 17th-18th centuries, especially coffee. The conservatory's original 650 m² floor space was extended in 1993 by a further 350 m². Its collection has grown by trades, purchases, and expeditions to South America and Cameroon.
Today the conservatory serves as the National Collection of the genus Begonia, and contains over 500 species and 1,000 hybrid varieties. It describes itself as the world's largest begonia collection.

</doc>
<doc id="19492092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492092" title="Sinan Krause">
Sinan Krause

Sinan Krause (born c. 1986) is a German-Iraqi technician, who was kidnapped by Iraqi militants in Baghdad on February 6, 2007, along with his mother Hannelore Krause. His fate is unknown.
Sinan Krause was born around 1986 in Baghdad. His mother, Hannelore, worked for the Austrian embassy. His father, Mohamed al-Tornachi, is a physician. Sinan has a brother and a sister, who live both in Germany. He worked as a technician at the Iraqi Foreign Ministry. He is married to an Iraqi woman. 
Sinan and his mother, Hannelore, were abducted on February 6, 2007, from their apartment in Baghdad by six men. The group called itself the Arrows of Righteousness. The kidnappers demanded for German officials to remove all troops from Afghanistan. A first video of the two hostages was released on an internet site on March 10, 2007. In this message, the militants said that they would kill both hostages within ten days.
On March 27, 2007, American troops searched for the two captured Germans in Baghdad but failed to find them. The second message was posted on an Islamic website on April 3, 2007. Hannelore Krause repeated the kidnappers' demands.
On July 10, 2007, Hannelore Krause was released after 155 days in captivity, but Sinan is still missing. The last video of him was released on September 11, 2007. This was recorded on the day Hannelore was freed. It showed Sinan saying goodbye to his mother. He has not been seen or heard from since. 
Their kidnappers issued a final 10 day deadline in the video for Germany to withdraw its troops from Afghanistan. They threatened to slit Sinan's throat if their demand was not met. The father of Sinan pleaded to the abductors to release his son on April 24, 2008. The kidnappers ignored the plea.

</doc>
<doc id="19492106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492106" title="Le Frunkp">
Le Frunkp

"Le Frunkp" is a 2002 song performed by the fictional character Alphonse Brown (portrayed by Michaël Youn), the "unknown son" of James Brown, who tries to start his own career by creating a new (fictional) style called "Frunkp" (a mixture of funk and rap), in French film "La Beuze", written by Youn and Desagnat. The music video shows images from film.
The song became a hit, topping the charts in all countries where it was released. In France, it was Youn's second number-one hit, after "Stach Stach" and became the 540th best-selling singles of all time in this country.

</doc>
<doc id="19492123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492123" title="Nityanand Haldipur">
Nityanand Haldipur

Nityanand Haldipur (born 7 May 1948) is a performer and teacher of the Indian bamboo flute, known in India as the bansuri. He is a purist in the true Maihar Gharana tradition, at present learning from Ma Annapurna Devi, in Mumbai, India. He has been rated as a "Top Grade" artist by the All India Radio and was awarded the prestigious "Sangeet Natak Academi" award in 2010.
Musical profile.
Student life.
Nityanand was born in Mumbai into a musical family and showed indications of prodigious abilities at a very young age. His father, Niranjan Haldipur, a senior disciple of Pannalal Ghosh, initiated him into the art of flute-playing. Over the next two decades, Nityanand's training continued under the late Chidanand Nagarkar, and Devendra Murdeshwar. Since 1986, Nityanand has been learning from Padma Bhushan Srimati Annapurna Devi, doyenne of the Maihar gharana.
Teacher.
As a Guru, Nityanand adheres to the strict discipline of the traditional Indian Guru-shishya tradition. Nityanand imparts his musical insights to students through many instruments like the flute, saxophone, violin, guitar and vocals.
He has been visiting faculty at prestigious institutions like Bhatkhande Music Institute Deemed University, Lucknow, UP, India. He has toured all over India, giving numerous lecture demonstrations on music, for eminent organizations like SPIC MACAY. He conducts a series of listening sessions, on Baba Allauddin Khan Saheb, all over India.
Musical oeuvre.
Performer.
Nityanand's performances are a perfect blend of style and substance. There is a beautiful balance between his Alap, Jor, Jhala and Gats (compositions), creating the right atmosphere of the Raag he is rendering. He has performed at various musical events worldwide:
Nityanand is a regular broadcaster of the All India Radio and Doordarshan. He retired from All India Radio in 2008, after 22 years of service.
Producer.
Nityanand has produced and hosted several shows on All India Radio. These include a weekly music serial on music appreciation and biographical programs of past masters like Allauddin Khan Saheb, Pannalal Ghosh, Vishnu Digambar Paluskar, Omkarnath Thakur, Dinkar Rao Amembal-D'Amel, Amir Khan and Alla Rakha Khan.
Composer.
Haldipur has composed music for several radio shows and for wellness programs like spiritual healing therapy, stress management and art of relaxation. He has collaborated with musicians of different genres like Robert Giannetti(also known as D. Wood), of the jazz band Moksha and Yosuke Yamashita, a jazz pianist from Tokyo, Japan.
Discography.
Albums.
Maihar Mystique: Nityanand Haldipur - Flute (Bansuri), Sandeep Bhattacharya - Tabla
Maihar Gharana: Nityanand Haldipur - Flute (Bansuri), Aneesh Pradhan - Tabla
Lineage, Vol.1
Lineage, Vol. 2
Masters of the Reed: Nityanand Haldipur - Flute (Bansuri), Sadanand Naimpalli – Tabla
Awards.
Haldipur has received the following awards:

</doc>
<doc id="19492124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492124" title="27 September 2008 Delhi blast">
27 September 2008 Delhi blast

The 27 September 2008 Delhi blast in India’s second largest metropolis left three people dead and twenty-three more injured. The explosion occurred at 14:15 IST, in Mehrauli’s Electronic market called Sarai. Initially, there were reports of two persons, including a nine-year-old boy, being killed in the attack. However, the next day the death toll rose to three. About 23 others were injured and were treated at AIIMS and Fortis Hospital. The bombing took place exactly two weeks after the five serial blasts in Delhi on 13 September 2008.
The blast.
Eyewitnesses reported that the blast took place after two men in black dress and wearing helmets and riding a motorcycle dropped a tiffin box in which the bomb was placed. A boy picked up the box in an attempt to return it to the bikers, but they refused and fled. People nearby witnessed smoke coming out of the box and advised the boy to get away, but it was too late. The resulting explosion killed the boy and injured 18 others. "The Washington Post" reported that seven of them were in critical condition. The police said that the blast was similar to those near IIT Delhi and Lado Sarai in January and February respectively this year.
Aftermath and reaction.
The Chief Minister of Delhi declared a compensation of Rs. 500,000 to the kin of the dead and Rs. 50,000 plus all costs of treatment to those injured. The blast was condemned by several Indian politicians including Pranab Mukherjee and Lal Krishna Advani. Main opposition party, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), accused the government of India of being soft on terror. Indian External Affairs Minister Pranab Mukherjee said, "The Government is determined to wean out the culprits."
The series of attacks across major Indian cities since May 2008 reportedly created a sense of fear and insecurity among India's populace. According to a survey held by CNN-IBN and "Hindustan Times", 81% of urban Indians felt scared after the recent surge in terror attacks. Of those who were surveyed, 90% said that India needed much stronger laws to tackle terrorism, while the remainder said India did not need any such tougher laws.
"The Hindu" reported that usually crowded shopping areas in Delhi bore a deserted look during the weekend as a consequence of the blast. According to the "Indian Express", shopkeepers had kept away from the flower market in Mehrauli, the blast site.
Following the blast, the security arrangements for the Australian cricket team, currently on a tour of India, was tightened. Cricket Australia was reported to be reviewing security arrangements in Delhi where it is scheduled to play a test match against Indian cricket team in late October 2008. However, in a statement Cricket Australia said that the test match in Delhi will go ahead as per schedule.
Investigation.
According to "the Hindu", two men on a motorcycle wearing black shirts, jeans and helmets planted the bomb. Investigating authorities revealed that ammonium nitrate, sulphur and potassium were used to cause the low-intensity blast.
A team of National Security Guards was deployed to assist the investigating authorities. Delhi Police had detained five persons at the Indira Gandhi International Airport whom they suspected of having a role in the blast. According to "Hindustan Times", the police also selected several Bangladeshis for interrogation. "NDTV" said that there was a possibility that the attack was not carried out by the "Indian Mujahideen", which claimed responsibility for the serial attacks in Delhi two weeks before, since the bomb which went off in Mehrauli was quite different.
Police in Faridabad had identified and held the man who sold the sim card to the terrorists from which the attackers had made a call to media agencies threatening another terror strike moments before the blast. The police also detained the person whose cell phone was used to make the call.
The Deputy Commissioner of Police for Delhi, Alok Kumar, said, "The evidence collected so far indicates that the bomb had no timer or detonator and it was low-intensity. We do not think it was linked to the Indian Mujahideen or any other terror group. In the recent past, in the stretch between the IP flyover and the Andheria road-junction in Mehrauli, there have been instances when bike-borne youths have dropped bombs in crowded streets." The "Indian Express" revealed that the bomb was quite similar to those made by Abdul Karim Tunda, an alleged terrorist who has been linked to several prior terrorist attacks in India.
The police also reported that they had received a call before the blasts saying, "Save Delhi, there will be blast!"
Unlike the Mehrauli and Malegaon blasts investigations, police in Delhi have ruled out Hindu groups as having perpetrated the blasts, a move drawing increasing polarisation as a result of the aforementioned investigation. The groups had been "under the scanner." The police cited their ruling out of the Hindu groups as the "signature (type) of the explosive used in Mehrauli was different from those used in Modasa and Malegaon." He did add that while "Low-intensity explosives were used in three places... they were not identical. The timer mechanism used in Mehrauli was different from the one used in Malegaon/Modasa that indicates the former was the handiwork of a separate outfit. In Mehrauli, the bomb was timed by its acidic contents, while in Malegaon/Modasa the bomb was set off by a timer based on the batteries of the bikes used to plant them."

</doc>
<doc id="19492136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492136" title="Goodtimes Enterprises">
Goodtimes Enterprises

Goodtimes Enterprises was a British film production company, run by David Puttnam and Sanford Lieberson. Their films include "Performance", "Melody", "That'll Be The Day", "Stardust", "Mahler", "Lisztomania" and "Bugsy Malone". The company was formed by Lieberson in 1968 with "Performance", and Puttnam joined the company as a partner in 1970. They also owned a small independent British film distribution company called Visual Programme Systems, (or VPS), which would sometimes produce and release documentaries such as "Brother, Can You Spare A Dime?"

</doc>
<doc id="19492140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492140" title="New South Wales 72 class locomotive">
New South Wales 72 class locomotive

The 72 class was a class of diesel locomotive built by Chullora Railway Workshops for the New South Wales Government Railways in 1965.
Construction.
Locomotive 7201 was a diesel-hydraulic locomotive, with B-B wheel arrangement. Built in the New South Wales Government Railways Water Supply Workshops at Chullora, it performed its first light engine trial on 27 August 1965. It was built on the lengthened underframe of an unused 58 class locomotive tender, but using the bogies from a Standard Goods locomotive turret tender. The cab was similar to that of an X200 class and the livery was similar to a 48 class. 
The prime-mover was a Cummins VT 12-825-BI; V12 engine, developing 640 horsepower at 2,000 rpm. Power was distributed to the bogies through a Clark C 16911 torque converter with Clark 16421 transmission.
Operations.
Following some modifications, it entered service on 8 September 1965 as a shunter at Cooks River Goods Yard. Over the next 6 months, it spent time shunting in yards at Goulburn, Junee, Broadmeadow and Werris Creek. It even had a brief sojourn on the Yass Tramway. During this time, it re-entered the workshops for modifications and repairs. After this initial period, it spent extended periods at the Rozelle yards, however by 1970 it was regularly struggling with the loads. It was then trialed at the ACDEP carriage sheds where it shunted the carriages from air-conditioned carriages. It was deemed a success in this duty and remained there until 2 March 1976 when it suffered a seized engine.
Demise.
Being a one-off and therefore non-standard, the decision was made not to repair the locomotive. On 4 August 1976 it was condemned and scrapped in December that year.

</doc>
<doc id="19492157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492157" title="Klaus Hottinger">
Klaus Hottinger

Klaus Hottinger was a shoemaker born in Zollikon. A disciple of Zwingli, he took part in the famous "Affair of the Sausages" of 1522 which marked the public beginning of the Reformation in Switzerland. In 1523 he overthrew a wooden crucifix at Stadelhofen on the outskirts of Zurich. He was as a consequence banished from the canton in November 1523. He was executed in Lucerne on the 9 of March 1524, despite Zurich's effort to intervene on his behalf, and thus became the first martyr of the Swiss Protestant movement.

</doc>
<doc id="19492158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492158" title="Brenda Archer">
Brenda Archer

Brenda Archer (born September 17, 1942 in Georgetown, Demerara-Mahaica) is a retired female track and field athlete from Guyana. She competed in the high jump, and represented her native country at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome, Italy, finishing in 20th place.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19492175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492175" title="Weigongcun, Beijing">
Weigongcun, Beijing

Weigongcun () area is an area of Haidian District, Beijing. It houses Minzu University of China, Beijing Foreign Studies University, and Beijing Institute of Technology. It has restaurants from a wide variety of ethnic minorities. According to Minzu University anthropology professor Zhuang Kongshao, the area has been the Uyghur ghetto in Beijing since the Yuan Dynasty, when it was known as Weiwucun ("Uyghur village", presumably ) and was a local shopping area. The Qing scholar Qiao Songnian claimed in 1834 that the Uyghurs had been brought there by Yuan Taizu. The name Weigongcun is first recorded only in 1915, and removes any reference to Uyghurs.

</doc>
<doc id="19492183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492183" title="Mullion School">
Mullion School

Mullion School of Performing Arts is a secondary school in Mullion, which is on the Lizard Peninsula in Cornwall, England. The year groups range from year seven to year eleven, meaning there is no sixth form.
Special Status.
The school has Performing Arts status, which allows more funding for subjects such as music and drama. 

</doc>
<doc id="19492201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492201" title="Familien Olsen">
Familien Olsen

Familien Olsen is a 1940 Danish family film directed by Lau Lauritzen, Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks. 

</doc>
<doc id="19492212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492212" title="Parc Jardins du Monde">
Parc Jardins du Monde

The Parc Jardins du Monde (7.5 hectares), also known simply as the Jardins du Monde, is a commercial botanical garden located at 5 avenue des Fleurs de la Paix, Royan, Charente-Maritime, Poitou-Charentes, France. It is open daily; an admission fee is charged.
The gardens include Japanese gardens, Tuscan landscapes, a bonsai collection (400 m²), an orchid greenhouse described as the largest in France (700 m², about 3,000 specimens), a butterfly conservatory, bamboo labyrinth with artificial fog, boat trips through the marshes, and water games. Of particular interest is an olive tree imported from Spain, 4m high, 7m in circumference, with an estimated age of 1800 years.

</doc>
<doc id="19492219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492219" title="Tutunski kombinat Prilep">
Tutunski kombinat Prilep

TKP is a tobacco company from Prilep, Republic of Macedonia. This tobacco company from Prilep deals mainly with the purchasing and selling of high quality oriental tobacco (types Prilep and Yaka); its operations also include the production of cigarettes. The Prilep region is known for its production of quality oriental tobacco. Tobacco tradition in Prilep goes back to 1873 when R.O.T (Regie Ottoman de Tabak) built the first warehouse for purchasing and processing tobacco. In 1930 the Croatian scientist Rudolf Gornik introduced the first varieties of famous oriental type Prilep and heralded the beginning of a golden tobacco era in Prilep. The then Government of Yugoslavia issued a special resolution in 1949 which established a state-owned Tobacco company in Prilep. Primary aims of this trading company were the purchasing and processing of tobacco. Soon Prilep's "gold" brought the first money in ex-Yugoslavia from abroad. Trade was established with USA, Japan, and companies in Europe. In 1955 the Tobacco company from Prilep opened its first cigarette factory.
History.
1969 - New cigarette factory was opened and relocated
1970-1977 - Cooperation with BAT and production of their licensed brands HB, Pall Mall, Lord and Kim.
1971 - Growing of Macedonian flue cured tobacco-type Virginia was introduced.
1975 - Start of the new factory for production of acetate filter rods
1997-2006 -Cooperation with Philip Morris and production of their brands: Bond and Partner
2003-2007 - Cooperation with Austria Tabak and production of their licensed brands: Ronson, Memphis classic, light and LD.
Current Brands which are produced in TKP: Brand Regular Box, Brand Lights Box, Brand 100s, Brand Regular Soft, Brand Super Light, Europa Box, Europa Soft, Filter Oriental (in ex Yugoslavia known as Jugoslavija), Macedonia, Prilep, Rondo Lights 100s, Rondo Lights Soft, Rondo Lights Box, Rondo Regular Box, San Slims, VIP Lights Box, VIP Regular Box.
Previous brands which were produced in TKP are: filter Yugoslavia, Melos, Karat, Rodeo, Samuil. 
Process of privatization was finished in 1993. Today 51% is owned by shareholders and 42% owned by the state, 7% others.

</doc>
<doc id="19492220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492220" title="Tert-Butyl hydroperoxide">
Tert-Butyl hydroperoxide

"tert"-Butyl hydroperoxide (tBuOOH) is an organic peroxide widely used in a variety of oxidation processes, for example Sharpless epoxidation. It is normally supplied as a 69-70% aqueous solution.
Application.
Industrially, "tert"-butyl hydroperoxide is used as a starter of radical polymerization.
Synthesis and production.
Many synthetic routes are available, including:
Safety.
Tert-butyl hydroperoxide is an exceptionally dangerous chemical that is highly reactive, flammable and toxic. It is corrosive to skin and mucous membranes and causes respiratory distress when inhaled. It is also carcinogenic.
A solution of Tert-butyl hydroperoxide and water with a concentration of greater than 90 percent is forbidden to be shipped according to US Department of Transportation Hazardous Materials Table 49 CFR 172.101
In some sources it also has an NFPA 704 rating of 4 for health, 4 for flammability, 4 for reactivity and is a potent oxidant, however other sources claim lower ratings of 3-2-2 or 1-4-4.

</doc>
<doc id="19492221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492221" title="Frau">
Frau


</doc>
<doc id="19492257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492257" title="Swimming at the 1924 Summer Olympics – Men's 1500 metre freestyle">
Swimming at the 1924 Summer Olympics – Men's 1500 metre freestyle

The men's 1500 metre freestyle was a swimming event held as part of the swimming at the 1924 Summer Olympics programme. It was the fourth appearance of the event, which was established in 1908. The competition was held on Sunday July 13, 1924, on Monday July 14, 1924, and on Tuesday July 15, 1924.
Records.
These were the standing world and Olympic records (in minutes) prior to the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In the third heat Boy Charlton set a new Olympic record with 21:20.4 minutes, but in the next heat Arne Borg bettered his own world record to 21:11.4 minutes. In the final both swimmers were under the standing world record with Boy Charlton bettered the record by more than a minute to 20:06.6 minutes.
Results.
Heats.
Sunday July 13, 1924: The fastest two in each heat and the fastest third-placed from across the heats advanced.
Heat 1
Heat 2
Heat 3
Heat 4
Heat 5
Semifinals.
Monday July 14, 1924: The fastest two in each semi-final and the faster of the two third-placed swimmer advanced to the final.
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Final.
Tuesday July 15, 1924:

</doc>
<doc id="19492276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492276" title="Hull Colour Pages">
Hull Colour Pages

KC Colour Pages and KC White Pages are the Classified and Residential telephone directories provided specifically for the Kingston Communications service area. KC Colour Pages became the UK's first classified telephone directory when it was first published in 1954 to celebrate KC's 50th anniversary as Hull's Telephone Company. The Golden Pages, as the first KC Colour Pages was called, carried advertising from a wide range of customers including taxis, sail makers, driving schools, painters and decorators and office machinery suppliers amongst others.
By 1992 the Hull Yellow Pages had become so popular with both telephone subscribers and advertisers that it was necessary to split the directory into two separate books, Business and Residential. Hull Colour Pages continued to grow and in 1998 produced the UK's first full colour Business Directory, changing the Directory's name from Hull Yellow Pages to Hull Colour Pages in the process. After a rebrand of Kingston Communications to KC in 2010 the Hull Colour Pages was renamed KC Colour Pages.
Online directory.
In 1999 Hull Colour Pages launched its Online Directory which, whilst not the UK's first online directory, set the scene for further innovation when, in 2004, Hull Colour Pages launched the UK's first online directory advertising proofing system, enabling its advertisers to review and either accept or amend their advertisements via a web interface. In the same year Hull Colour Pages introduced the recycling programme Re:fresh, an initiative operated in partnership with local schools encouraging recycling of old directories.
Competition.
Contemporaneously with this in July 2004 Yell announced that they were directly entering the Hull Classified Directory marketplace for the first-time, thereby creating the classic David & Goliath scenario where Yell, as the national Goliath, took on Hull Colour Pages' regional David. 
To counter Yell's move into the Hull and East Riding advertising market place, Hull Colour Pages launched the 'Proud to be a Part of Local Life' brand initiative, emphasising the central role in local life Hull Colour Pages has played since 1954. 
Despite particularly high levels of advertising spend Yell were not able to gain more than a toe hold in the Hull market place as Hull Colour Pages not only retained customers and revenue but in a positive response to the national threat posed by Yell, introduced new sales strategies that were successful in maintaining and growing the customer base and advertising revenues.
The success of this sales strategy was recognised in 2005 when the Hull Colour Pages sales team was declared 'Sales Team of the Year' at the Data Publishers Association (DPA) Awards and the Hull Colour Pages was highly commended in the Directory of the Year section.
Sponsorship.
Hull Colour Pages was a founder sponsor of the Hull Comedy Festival when it launched in 2007. Making the most of Hull City's promotion to the Premier League Hull Colour Pages are sponsoring KCFM's Away Game commentaries during the 2008-09 season.
Local promotions.
In the same year Hull Colour Pages was the first UK Directory to provide each home and business across Hull and the East Riding with a unique personalised copy of the Directory, using inkjet numbering techniques to give each directory an individual number which allow directory users to participate in local promotions, competitions and loyalty schemes.
Showroom sites.
For 2008 Hull Colour Pages has also introduced Showroom Sites a three-page entry-level website given free to its advertisers, listing menus from local restaurants and takeaways, brand search allowing consumers to search for brand stockists through Hull Colour Pages Online and full colour advertising in the Residential Telephone Directory - Hull White Pages.
Awards.
These developments combined with the continued high performance on advertising sales has resulted in Hull Colour Pages being recognised by the UK trade-body for Directories, The DPA (Data Publishers Association) with short-listings in 5 categories for the DPA AWards in October 2008.
Personnel.
The KC Colour Pages leadership team comprises

</doc>
<doc id="19492280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492280" title="Västkustens hjältar">
Västkustens hjältar

Västkustens hjältar is a 1940 Swedish drama film directed by Lau Lauritzen, Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks. It is a remake of the 1938 Danish film "Blaavand melder storm", also directed by Lauritzen and O'Fredericks.

</doc>
<doc id="19492318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492318" title="Arctostaphylos myrtifolia">
Arctostaphylos myrtifolia

Arctostaphylos myrtifolia is a rare species of manzanita known by the common name Ione manzanita. It is endemic to the Sierra Nevada foothills of California. It grows in the chaparral and woodland plant community on a distinctive acidic soil series in western Amador and Calaveras Counties. There are only about 17 occurrences, but the plant is abundant in some areas of its limited range. This is a federally listed threatened species.
Description.
"Arctostaphylos myrtifolia" is a red-barked, bristly shrub reaching just over a meter in maximum height. The small bright green leaves are coated in tiny glandular hairs and are shiny but rough in texture. They are less than 2 centimeters long. The inflorescence is a raceme of urn-shaped manzanita flowers on bright red branches. The fruit is a cylindrical drupe only a few millimeters long.
Conservation.
A major threat to this rare endemic plant is a pair of fungal diseases. A branch canker caused by species of "Fusicoccum", including "F. aesculi", causes some mortality, and root and crown rot caused by "Phytophthora cinnamomi" has destroyed entire stands of the manzanita and prevented its regrowth in patches of infested soil. These microorganisms, as well as a newly identified one, "Phytophthora cambivora", are spreading rapidly and may soon reach the entire range of the plant's distribution. Because of this threat, which may lead to the extinction of the species, the United States Fish and Wildlife Service has recommended that it be upgraded from threatened to endangered status.

</doc>
<doc id="19492337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492337" title="Pas på svinget i Solby">
Pas på svinget i Solby

Pas på svinget i Solby is a 1940 Danish family film directed by Lau Lauritzen, Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks.

</doc>
<doc id="19492339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492339" title="Cryptomastix devia">
Cryptomastix devia

Cryptomastix devia, common name the Puget Oregonian snail, ("Escargot du Puget") is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae. 
Distribution and conservation status.
This species lived in British Columbia. It has not been observed alive in Canada since 1905. It is listed as extirpated species (locally extinct in Canada) in List of Wildlife Species at Risk in Species at Risk Act in Canada. In the US, most occupied sites are in the Gifford Pinchot National Forest in southwestern Washington state. In Oregon, the Oregon Natural Heritage Program recently stated that this species is in severe decline, with only 13 out of 40 occupied sites having good viability. At most occupied sites for this species, only 1-3 snails were found. The US Fish and Wildlife Service recently determined that this snail may warrant endangered species protection due to threats to its habitat from logging, agricultural conversion, high intensity fires and tree mortality due to climate change. 

</doc>
<doc id="19492353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492353" title="Silvia Jato">
Silvia Jato

Silvia Jato (, June 6 1971) is a Spanish TV presenter and model. 
She studied Economics at CEU San Pablo University, Madrid. She had three children with pilot Eduardo San Román, to whom she separated from in 2012, after been married to him since 1998. In 2013 she started dating Constitutional Court of Spain's judge Enrique López, also separated. 
She began as a model, and took part in Miss Spain in 1989 (being Maid of Honour) and in Miss Europe in 1991 (being Maid of Honour, Miss Photogenic and Miss Sympathy).
As a TV presenter she was nominated for prizes including TP de Oro (2001, 2002, 2003) and Premios ATV (2003, 2004).

</doc>
<doc id="19492369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492369" title="Iowa Highway 144">
Iowa Highway 144

Iowa Highway 144 (Iowa 144) is a state highway in central Iowa. The highway has a length of and runs in a north–south direction. It begins in Perry at an intersection with Iowa Highway 141, while it ends at an intersection with Iowa Highway 175 between Gowrie and Harcourt.
Route description.
Iowa Highway 144 begins at Iowa Highway 141 in the southern part of Perry. Iowa 144 heads north along First Street where it intersects Willis Avenue, a former alignment of Iowa 141 before it became an expressway. North of Perry, Iowa 144 enters Boone County for just under . The Boone County stretch of Iowa 144 is predominantly east–west, while the rest of the highway is north–south.
In Greene County, Iowa 144 turns to the northwest, along an abandoned railroad line, and goes through Rippey. Three miles () northwest of Rippey, the highway turns to the north and travels another three miles to Grand Junction. At Grand Junction, Iowa 144 crosses the main Union Pacific Railroad line before intersecting U.S. Route 30 on the northern side of town. North of Grand Junction, Iowa 144 continues north through Dana and passes near Paton before ending at Iowa Highway 175 halfway between Gowrie and Harcourt.
History.
Iowa Highway 144, upon creation in 1926, only went between Grand Junction and what was then Iowa Highway 47 (modern Iowa Highway 175). In 1941 the segment south from Grand Junction to Perry was added. In 1980, the segment in Webster County was decommissioned, but was recommissioned in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="19492375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492375" title="En ganske almindelig pige">
En ganske almindelig pige

En ganske almindelig pige is a 1940 Danish family film directed by Lau Lauritzen, Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks. 

</doc>
<doc id="19492399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492399" title="Jack Owen (footballer born 1866)">
Jack Owen (footballer born 1866)

John "Jack" Owen (1866–??) was a Welsh footballer who played as a left half for Newton Heath from 1887 to 1892. He also won one cap for Wales while with Newton Heath.
Born in Chirk, Denbighshire, Owen began his football career with Chirk before signing for Newton Heath in October 1887. His elder brother, William, also signed from Chirk at the same time. Owen scored six goals in 90 appearances over the span of a five-year career with the Heathens, before losing his place to new signing Fred Erentz, who would go on to serve the club for almost 10 years.

</doc>
<doc id="19492406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492406" title="Ratata">
Ratata

Ratata could refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19492416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492416" title="Phuritad Jarikanon">
Phuritad Jarikanon

Phuritad Jarikanon(, born August 1, 1989) is a Thai footballer. He plays for Thai Premier League clubside Bangkok Glass F.C..
Honours.
Clubs

</doc>
<doc id="19492436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492436" title="1990 Temple Mount riots">
1990 Temple Mount riots

The 1990 Temple Mount riots, also known as Black Monday or the Al Aqsa Massacre, was an event that took place in Al-Aqsa Mosque, Jerusalem at 10:30 am on Monday, 8 October 1990 before Zuhr prayer during the third year of the first intifada. They began after a decision by the Temple Mount Faithful to lay a cornerstone at the site. The riots resulted in the death of 17-23 and the injury of more than 150 Palestinians. It was condemned by two UN Security Council resolutions.
Background.
Tensions around the Temple mount began much earlier than the Palestinian-Israeli conflict. It has great religious significance for both Judaism and Islam. In Judaism, the temple mount is the site of the first and second temples, the first built by King Solomon and the second by Jews returning from Babylonian exile, both extensively written of in the Old Testament. The Koran does not mention either the Temple Mount, nor Jerusalem, but Mohammed is believed to have stopped over on one of his flights to Makkah, the Muslim holy site towards which all devout Muslims pray. 
For almost two thousand years Jews have yearned to return to the Temple Mount, though their ancient temples were destroyed and they were exiled from the area. Today the Temple Mount remains the holiest site in Judaism, and all over the world Jews always pray towards the Temple Mount. After the Islamic conquest of Jerusalem, a mosque was built on the site of the ruins of the Temple. In Islam, the "Noble Sanctuary" as it is called, too has religious importance and is considered a symbol for Muslims all around the world where it was the first "kiblah" for Muslims before Makkah and the presence of the "Dome of the Rock" there which Prophet Muhammad's "Isra'a and Mi'araj" took place. 
Jews were not able to return to the Western Wall or the Temple Mount until they regained sovereignty of this area in the 1967 Six-Day War. Since then, Israel has allowed control of the Temple Mount to remain with the Islamic waqf in order to preserve the sanctity of the Al-Aqsa Mosque. Under the law, there is to be freedom of access and religion, but all religious prayer except Muslim is banned. 
In this instance, there was tension between Palestinian worshipers and a religious extremist group known as the Temple Mount Faithful, who proposed to rebuild Solomon's Temple where the Al-Aqsa mosque now stands. According to New York Times, the Haaretz, as well as Palestinian Human Rights Groups, the Israeli supreme court had earlier barred the Temple Mount Faithful group, as well as all non-Muslims, from marching to the temple due to five attempts by the group to enter the al-Aqsa mosque in September.
A year earlier, the Temple Mount Faithful had planned a demonstration in front of the mosque and Mayor Teddy Kollek of Jerusalem warned of a "catastrophe" if the event occurred.
Events.
According to the New York Times, a group of worshipers at the al-Aqsa mosque in Jerusalem were killed by Israeli security forces. The Times account is as follows:
"Palestinians on the Temple Mount began throwing stones at Jews worshiping, on a religious holiday, at the Western Wall below. The only security forces present, 40 men from the paramilitary Israeli Border Police, used live ammunition on the Palestinians. They killed at least 21. There were no Israeli deaths.The Israeli Government claimed that the Palestinians brought the stones with them and staged the incident as a political provocation. The Temple Mount is a paved plain that usually has few if any stones. But at this time construction work did provide material for missiles. Zeev Schiff, the respected defense correspondent of the newspaper Haaretz, said the Palestinians began throwing stones only after mosques in the nearby village of Silwan announced through loudspeakers that Jewish extremists had come there. The extremists were from the Temple Mount Faithful, who proposed to rebuild Solomon's Temple where the Al-Aqsa mosque now stands. "
The UN Security Council noted on the death of 20 Palestinian people and the injury of 150, including Palestinian civilians. Sources note between seventeen and twenty-three Palestinians were killed.
International response.
On October 10, The United States proposed a resolution, supported by the United Nations Secretary General, Javier Perez de Cuellar, to investigate the al-Aqsa incident and to report back to the Security Council promptly. which was by far the most critical of Israel introduced by the United States. The UN issued the following resolution on October 12, 1990 referencing the event:
Res. 672 (Oct. 12, 1990) – “Expresses alarm at the violence which took place” on October 8, 1990, “at the Al Haram al Shareef and other Holy Places of Jerusalem resulting in over twenty Palestinian deaths and to the injury of more than one hundred and fifty people, including Palestinian civilians and innocent worshippers”, “Condemns especially the acts of violence committed by the Israeli forces resulting in injuries and loss of human life”, and “Requests, in connection with the decision of the Secretary-General to send a mission to the region, which the Council welcomes, that he submit a report to it before the end of October 1990 containing his findings and conclusions and that he use as appropriate all the resources of the United Nations in the region in carrying out the mission.” 
Israel ended up rejecting the resolution, saying it did not pay attention to attacks by rocks on Jewish worshippers at the Western Wall. In turn, the UN Security Council unanimously backed UN Security Council Resolution 673 on Oct. 24, 1990 condemning Israeli rejection of the UN fact finding mission.
“Deplores the refusal of the Israeli Government to receive the mission of the Secretary-General to the region”, and “Urges the Israeli Government to reconsider its decision and insists that it comply fully with resolution 672 (1990) and to permit the mission of the Secretary-General to proceed in keeping with its purpose”. 
The Secretary-General Javier Pérez de Cuéllar later decided to publish his report without dispatching the mission.
Human Rights Watch condemned Israel's response to the riots in their Annual 1990 World Report.
Israeli response.
The Israeli Government claimed that the Palestinians brought the stones with them and staged the incident as a political provocation. The Temple Mount is a paved plain that usually has few if any stones. But at this time construction work did provide some stones.
Israel rejected the UN resolution condemning the incident and calling for investigation, saying it did not pay attention to attacks on Jewish worshippers at the Western Wall, and that it was an interference in its internal affairs. Israel refused entry to the mission, with Resolution 673 urging Israel to reconsider its decision.
On October 26, 1990, Israel issued a report concerning the violence and concluded that Israel police acted with prudence once it came under attack citing fear for the safety of policemen on Temple Mount. The report also had some criticism of the police for not assessing properly the situation and not being prepared with a larger force to deal with any eventuality.
Human Rights Watch condemned the Israeli report on the incident as "only mentioning in passing the 'uncontrolled use of live ammunition' by police, giving scant attention to what should have been a central issue: the use of excessive force, including shooting into a crowd with bursts of automatic-weapon fire."

</doc>
<doc id="19492440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492440" title="Adrian Lucas">
Adrian Lucas

Adrian Lucas is an English conductor and organist.
He became organist and director of music at Worcester Cathedral in 1996 and artistic director of the Worcester Three Choirs Festival. Previously he had been assistant organist at Norwich Cathedral (1983–90) before becoming organist and master of the choristers at Portsmouth Cathedral (1990–96).
Lucas was born in Essex in 1962 and graduated from St John's College, Cambridge, where he was organ scholar from 1980 to 1983 under Dr George Guest. During this time he toured regularly with the Chapel Choir in France, the Netherlands, Germany, Belgium, Sweden, Greece, and Australia. He also recorded a number of discs whilst at St Johns including repertoire by Allegri, Gibbons, and Titelouze.
Whilst at Norwich, he taught piano and organ for the University of East Anglia and was a member of the music staff at both Norwich High School and Norwich School. He was musical director of the Wymondham Choir (a 50-strong freelance choir of men and boys) with whom he toured, performing in many English cathedrals as well as a concert tour in and around Koblenz in Germany. He also co-presented the radio programme Norfolk Arts for the local radio station BBC Radio Norfolk.
During his time at Portsmouth, he was responsible for the building of the new Nicholson & Co (Worcester) Ltd organ (1994), as well as directing the cathedral choir in the drumhead service to commemorate the 50th anniversary of D-Day. During this time, he also conducted the choir for numerous broadcasts on both TV and radio and recorded their first ever CD with Priory Records.
Whilst at Worcester Cathedral, he made several recordings with the Cathedral Choir, as well as launching the Great Cathedral Organ series for Regent Records. In 2008 a major project was completed when the new Kenneth Tickell organ came into service in the quire of the Cathedral. His first recording on the new instrument included the Julius Reubke Sonata and Louis Vierne's First Symphony.
At the end of 2011 he left his cathedral post to work as a freelance organist, conductor and composer, as well as starting up his own recording company, Acclaim Productions.

</doc>
<doc id="19492449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492449" title="Llanfair-yn-Neubwll">
Llanfair-yn-Neubwll

Llanfair-yn-Neubwll is a community and village on the Isle of Anglesey in the north west of Wales. The community includes the villages of Llanfihangel yn Nhowyn and Caergeiliog, and has a population of 1,688. The community is heavily connected to the nearby Royal Air Force airfield, RAF Valley, established on Tywyn Trewan during the Second World War, and still in use. Due to the founding of the airfield, Llanfair-yn-Neubwll is the most Anglicised of the communities on Anglesey.
Llanfair-yn-Neubwll lies on the western coast of Anglesey looking out towards Holy Island. Notable geographic features of the area include the offshore rocks of Ynys Feirig and the eight lakes known as Ardal y Llynnoedd. Many of the lakes are included in Valley Wetlands RSPB reserve.

</doc>
<doc id="19492452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492452" title="Linda Turbett">
Linda Turbett

Linda Turbett is an English recorder player.
After graduating with a fellowship from Trinity College of Music in London, Turbett continued her studies with Peter Holtslag. She has performed throughout the United Kingdom and abroad with various ensembles and orchestras. As a soloist she has given numerous concerto performances, many under the direction of Peter Holman, at venues such as Finchcocks and the Purcell Room. She has performed at the Proms and has appeared on BBC Television and Classic FM radio. Turbett is a member of the Baroque Collective.

</doc>
<doc id="19492464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492464" title="Arctostaphylos nevadensis">
Arctostaphylos nevadensis

Arctostaphylos nevadensis, with the common name pinemat manzanita, is a species of manzanita.
Distribution.
"Arctostaphylos nevadensis" is native to western North America from Washington to California, where it grows in the coniferous forests of the inland and coastal mountain ranges. It is a dominant shrub in the mountain understory chaparral in many areas.
Description.
"Arctostaphylos nevadensis" is a short, spreading shrub forming mats, tangles, or mounds less than half a meter tall. The larger branches have dull red bark and the twigs are generally woolly. Leaves are bright green and shiny, with few hairs especially along the edges. They measure 1 to 3 centimeters in length. The shrub blooms in spherical clusters of urn-shaped whitish manzanita flowers. The fruit is a spherical drupe about 7 millimeters wide.
Cultivation.
This species is cultivated as a chaparral landscaping plant and it is used to stabilize soil against erosion on mountain slopes.

</doc>
<doc id="19492490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492490" title="William Strode (poet)">
William Strode (poet)

William Strode (1600–1643) was an English poet. He was born in Devon, the only son of Philip Strode, and educated at Westminster School and Christ Church, Oxford. He began writing English and Latin verse at an early age; his first published work was a Latin poem in the collection "Annae Funebria Sacra" (1619). He remained at Christ Church for the rest of his life, taking his B.A. in 1621 and his M.A. three years later. It is not known when he took deacon's orders, but in 1628 he was ordained priest, and gained a reputation as a preacher; he also became chaplain to his friend Bishop Corbett, formerly been Dean of Christ Church. When Corbett was translated from Oxford to the see of Norwich in 1632 they continued friends; Strode preached at an episcopal visitation in Norfolk the following year, and produced a Latin version of the bishop's epitaph on his mother for use on her monument. In 1629 he was made Public Orator of the University, a post he held till his death; he was also made proctor for 1629 under the newly introduced rotational system. 
When in 1635 Charles I visited Woodstock, near Oxford, Strode in his capacity of Orator made a speech in the king's honour; as a result he was promised the next Christ Church canonry not linked to a specific chair that should fall vacant. In 1636 the king returned, this time on a visit to the university, and on his arrival was again welcomed by the Orator. Strode also wrote one of three plays performed before the king and court on that occasion, which was described by a member of the audience as the worst play he had ever seen except for one at Cambridge. Strode had no experience as a dramatist, but had been commissioned by Archbishop Laud, Chancellor of the university, to write an attack on Puritanism which vilified Burton, Bastwick and Prynne, whom Laud was planning to arrest. The vitriolic tone of the attack was unusual for Strode, who was not only a tolerant and fair-minded man, but also in regular contact with his strongly Puritan family in Devon (his namesake the Parliamentarian was one of his cousins). However, 'The Townes new Teacher', written about this time, shows his new hostility to a movement whose narrow-minded intolerance he was finding increasingly disturbing: the poem has been called the best example of anti-Puritan satire. 
In 1638 he obtained the promised canonry, and the first of several benefices in the gift of the Dean and Chapter; he also became Doctor of Divinity. The canonry gave him at last the right to marry, though he did not do so till July 1642, when he married into a family with his own royalist and Laudian views. His wife Mary was the daughter of Doctor John Simpson, Prebend of Canterbury; the Simpsons were connected by marriage to Bishop Skinner, one of several bishops impeached and imprisoned in 1641. By this time the political situation had become difficult; Laud had been arrested and impeached, and Strode was called to account before a Parliamentary Committee for the adulatory expressions he had applied to the Archbishop, though he was dismissed without any penalty. Nevertheless the terms in which he had addressed Laud were produced in Laud's trial as 'proof' that the Archbishop had assumed papal power. 
The outbreak of war in August 1642 found Strode deeply divided from his family. It is unsurprisng to find many of his Devon relations fighting against the king: they were related to Thomas Bamfylde (later to be Speaker in Richard Cromwell's Parliament) and by marriage to John Pym, and were known as 'notoriously disaffected', according to Clarendon. While his cousins - or their husbands - were on the battlefield, Strode remained in Oxford carrying out his normal duties, though when the King made the city his headquarters and Christ Church his residence, life must have become difficult. Two sermons he preached before the King at that time were published by royal command. Apart from the birth of his daughter Jane in 1643, little more is known about his life in the final years. That he left no will suggests his death came suddenly and unexpectedly; he was buried in the Divinity Chapel of Christ Church Cathedral in March 1645. The widow moved to Bedfordshire, but Strode's papers seem to have remained in Oxford, where eventually some came into the possession of Richard Davis, the famous Oxford bookseller. The holograph owned by William Fulman was left by him to his college, and is now known as Corpus Christi College MS 325. The fate of the fair copy is unknown.
Although he was one of the most popular poets of his time - according to Beal, Strode's 'I saw faire Cloris walke alone' was probably the most popular poem of the century - his poetical works remained uncollected until Bertram Dobell published an edition in 1907; this, being based on unreliable manuscripts, was inaccurate and incomplete and has been generally ignored by scholars. In 1953 a heavily corrected manuscript temporarily deposited in the Bodleian Library by Corpus Christi College, Oxford, was recognised by a librarian as a Strode holograph; she was also able demonstrate that insertions in the manuscript by a later owner, the antiquarian William Fulman, relate to another Strode manuscript now lost. This manuscript was a fair copy of the English poems, apparently prepared with publication in mind. The discovery of the holograph made possible the preparation of a new edition by Margaret Forey, which was submitted as an Oxford B.Litt. thesis in 1966. Although this edition remains unpublished, it was used by Peter Beal as the basis of the canon accepted in his Index of English Literary Manuscripts (which lists over 1250 manuscript entries of a Strode poem). Subsequent published work on Strode has revealed him to be the author also of a popular poem long considered one of Carew's most perfect lyrics. 
Strode's love poetry and elegies are typical of their age, but he also wrote comical and satirical verse; there is evidence that his ballads set to popular tunes were actually sung. In addition to lyrical charm, he possessed an attractive sense of humour. Some poems are based on Oxford events of his day; others vividly portray details of everyday seventeenth century life.The variety of his poetry is demonstrated by the fact that some of his poems have been assumed to be by Carew, while others have been attributed to a very different writer, Richard Corbett. While it is regrettable that publication of the complete edition has been so long delayed, a volume of selected poems is nearing completion.

</doc>
<doc id="19492499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492499" title="Food Uncut">
Food Uncut

Food Uncut is a programme on UKTV Food (formerly UKTV Bright Ideas before it was renamed to Dave). It was presented by Merrilees Parker, Stefan Gates and Jean-Christophe Novelli, with Olly Smith as a guest presenter and resident food and wine expert.

</doc>
<doc id="19492508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492508" title="Kouyeya">
Kouyeya

Kouyeya is a small town in eastern Guinea.
Transport.
It is served by a station on the Guinea Railways network.

</doc>
<doc id="19492527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492527" title="Titanic (disambiguation)">
Titanic (disambiguation)

RMS "Titanic" is an ocean liner infamous for sinking on her maiden voyage in 1912.
Titanic may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19492551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492551" title="Touhy Avenue">
Touhy Avenue

Touhy Avenue is a major thoroughfare throughout northern Chicago, Illinois as well as the north and northwestern suburbs of the city. It is named for Patrick L. Touhy, a subdivider who was also the son-in-law of Phillip Rogers, an early settler who helped develop Rogers Park. Points of interest along Touhy Avenue include Loyola Park, the Winston Towers, the Lincolnwood Town Center, Hebrew Theological College, Village Crossing Shopping Center, the HALO (Shure) Headquarters Building the Leaning Tower YMCA, the Pickwick Theatre, and the northern end of O'Hare International Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="19492559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492559" title="Typhoon Jangmi">
Typhoon Jangmi

The name Jangmi has been used to name one tropical cyclone in the northwestern Pacific Ocean. In addition, the variant Changmi was used in 2002 before the spelling was corrected by the WMO Typhoon Committee. The name was contributed by South Korea and is a Korean word for rose.

</doc>
<doc id="19492565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492565" title="SDX">
SDX

SDX can refer to:
References.
Software define X (X can refer to S-storage, N-network etc)

</doc>
<doc id="19492570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492570" title="Paul Pape">
Paul Pape

Paul Pape (born July 17, 1952) is an American actor and voice actor. He has appeared in over 20 films since 1977, most notably in the role of Double J in the 1977 film "Saturday Night Fever". He also stars in the "Need for Speed" video game franchise "" as Lt. Jack M. Keller of the Tri-City Police Department.
He was born in Rochester, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="19492575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492575" title="Eric Nenninger">
Eric Nenninger

Eric John Nenninger (born November 19, 1978) is an American actor, best known for playing Scott Braddock in the 2003 horror film, "Jeepers Creepers II" and for his recurring role as Cadet Eric Hanson on "Malcolm in the Middle".
Life and career.
Nenninger was born in St. Louis, Missouri where he attended Ladue Horton Watkins High School. In 1997, Nenninger moved to Los Angeles to attend the American Academy of Dramatic Arts. In 2000, he started to train at the British American Drama Academy in Oxford.
Nenninger has starred in two films, "Jeepers Creepers II" and "The Pool at Maddy Breaker's", and appeared in several TV series, including "The X-Files", "NCIS", "", "Generation Kill", and "Malcolm in the Middle". He has a supporting role on the TV series "Glory Daze". In 2011, Nenninger co-starred as the voice and likeness of Matthew Ryan in the video game "L.A. Noire."
He is married to actress Angel Parker, they have two children together.

</doc>
<doc id="19492587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492587" title="Saeed Azarbayjani">
Saeed Azarbayjani

Saeed Azarbayjani (; born on January 17, 1975 in Iran) is an Iranian-Canadian male freestyle wrestler representing Canada. He participated in Men's freestyle 60 kg at 2008 Summer Olympics. In the 1/8 of final he beat Armenian Martin Berberyan, but lost in the quarterfinal to Morad Mohammadi from Iran.

</doc>
<doc id="19492592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492592" title="Bruce Ornstein">
Bruce Ornstein

Bruce Ornstein is an American actor and director. He appeared in 8 films or TV-episodes between 1977 and 2000.
Bruce Ornstein began his career appearing in the classic 1977 "Saturday Night Fever". Since then, he has appeared in a number of films, television films, episodic television and plays. He also helmed the feature film, "Jack and His Friends", starring Sam Rockwell and Judy Reyes (both in their first starring roles) Most recently, he co-wrote and directed the feature film, "Vamperifica", for Blood River Productions which will be released in 2012.info "Vamperifica" has won numerous awards, including Best Picture, and Best Vampire Comedy at the 2012 Indie Horror Festival, as well as Best Horror Comedy and Audience Award at the Bram Stoker International Horror Festival in Whitby, UK. "Vamperifica" will also be presented opening night at the 2012 Rome Independent Film Festival in Italy. Bruce is widely known in NYC as a theatre director, and teacher. He began the Bruce Ornstein Acting Workshop in 1997. Since that time, he has taught over 800 actors, many of whom have gone on to achieve industry stardom. He is currently an adjunct professor in the Columbia University MFA Program for Film.

</doc>
<doc id="19492606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492606" title="Prakash Raj filmography">
Prakash Raj filmography

This following is a complete list of all the films Prakash Raj is associated with so far.

</doc>
<doc id="19492631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492631" title="Martin Shakar">
Martin Shakar

Martin Shakar is an American theatre, film and television actor, born January 1, 1940), in Detroit, Michigan, USA. He currently lives in Brooklyn, New York.
A life member of The Actors Studio, Shakar has played in a number of Broadway and off-Broadway productions. He has appeared four times each in the television shows "The Equalizer" and "Law & Order", but each instance was a different character. He has appeared in 15 films since 1976. His most notable role was in "Saturday Night Fever" as Frank Manero, Jr., older brother to John Travolta's Tony Manero. He has also appeared in a number of television advertisements usually playing Italian or Arab roles.

</doc>
<doc id="19492637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492637" title="Oldenburg T 5.1">
Oldenburg T 5.1

The Oldenburg Class T 5.1 was a German steam locomotive built for the Grand Duchy of Oldenburg State Railways as a tank engine for passenger train duties. Its design was based on that of the Prussian T 5.1. 
The firm of Hanomag manufactured 20 units of the Oldenburg T 5.1 between 1907 and 1921. Like its Prussian sisters it had the defect of poor riding qualities at high speeds. As a result, during the delivery of these engines design changes were made to the running gear, for example the overall wheelbase was increased. But even these measures met with no success.
The Deutsche Reichsbahn took over all 20 locomotives in 1925 as DRG Class 71.4 and gave them numbers 71 401 to 71 420. They were retired by 1930.

</doc>
<doc id="19492638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492638" title="Supermall">
Supermall

Supermall may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19492663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492663" title="Sam Coppola">
Sam Coppola

Sam Coppola (July 31, 1932 – February 5, 2012) was an American actor. He appeared in almost 70 films, beginning in 1968, but may be best remembered for his role as 'Dan Fusco', owner of the Bay Ridge, Brooklyn, hardware and paint store, in "Saturday Night Fever", who gave John Travolta sage but salty advice in the classic 1977 film. Later in his career, Coppola made a brief but memorable appearance on The Sopranos as the idiosyncratic family therapist of Jennifer Melfi.
Coppola was a cop in "Serpico" (1973), starring Al Pacino, and a detective in "Fatal Attraction" (1987), starring Michael Douglas and Glenn Close. His many TV credits include "The Good Wife", "Law & Order", "The Sopranos", "Ryan's Hope" and the 2001 A&E movie "The Heist," in which he portrayed mob boss Paul Castellano. Coppola, no relation to film director Francis Ford Coppola, played a nursing home resident in a Chevy commercial that aired during 2011's Super Bowl and a hot dog vendor in a Ball Park Franks spot starring Michael Jordan.
Coppola, a 38-year resident of Leonia, also had many stage roles. He played the hobo Vladimir in a 2005 off-Broadway production of "Waiting for Godot" and an aging real estate salesman, Aaronow, in a 2000 production of "Glengarry Glen Ross" at the McCarter Theatre in Princeton.
Mr. Coppola died Feb. 5, 2012 from an aneurysm, and was predeceased by his wife, Helen. He is survived by his children, Jason Coppola of Brooklyn and Samantha Coppola of Bogota, and three grandchildren. 

</doc>
<doc id="19492687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492687" title="Jorge Lencina">
Jorge Lencina

Jorge Daniel Lencina (born March 26, 1976 in Córdoba) is a retired male judoka from Argentina. He claimed the bronze medal in the Men's Bantamweight (– 60 kg) division at the 1995 Pan American Games in Mar del Plata. Lencina represented his native country in three consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1996. In 2012, he would compete in the Paralympic games. [http://www.teamusa.org/USA-Judo/Features/2013/April/06/Myles-Porter-Heads-To-Senior-Nationals]. 

</doc>
<doc id="19492690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492690" title="Tiffany Mulheron">
Tiffany Mulheron

Tiffany Rose Mulheron (born 18 December 1984) is a Scottish actress.
Personal life.
She is the sister of Ashley Mulheron.

</doc>
<doc id="19492710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492710" title="Fru">
Fru

Fru may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19492713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492713" title="Engleschrie Act 1340">
Engleschrie Act 1340

The Engleschrie Act 1340 ("14 Edw. III St. 1 c. 4") was an Act of Parliament passed by the Parliament of England. The Act abolished the law of Englishry, whereby when a dead body was found, unless it could be proven to be an English person, it was assumed to be a Norman and therefore the hundred was fined. If Englishry could be proved, the hundred was not fined.
It was repealed by the Statute Law Revision Act 1863 and the Statute Law (Ireland) Revision Act 1872.

</doc>
<doc id="19492718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492718" title="Love Aaj Kal">
Love Aaj Kal

Love Aaj Kal (English translation: "Love Nowadays") is a 2009 Bollywood romantic comedy drama film starring Saif Ali Khan and Deepika Padukone in lead roles with Rahul Khanna, Rishi Kapoor and Giselli Monteiro in supporting roles. The film is directed by Imtiaz Ali and produced by Saif Ali Khan and Dinesh Vijan. The film portrays the feeling of pure love which never changes, although the perspective of realising one's soulmate has changed over time. Although there was a lot of pre-release speculation that the film was a remake of the 2005 Taiwanese film, "Three Times", post-release reviews have proven that this is not the case. This film was remade into Telugu as "Teen Maar" with Pawan Kalyan and Trisha Krishnan in lead roles.
Plot.
Jai and Meera are a modern-day couple living in England. They are happy with each other, but do not believe in tying each other down so, when career beckons, they have a mutual break-up, but decide to remain friends. Meera goes to India, while Jai stays in England, hoping to be called to San Francisco, where working at the Golden Gate is his dream job. Jai begins to date a blonde named Jo, while Meera returns the feeling of her boss, Vikram. The couple believe they have moved on.
Running side-by-side, but in a different time, is the tale of Veer Singh. A great believer of love, the Sikh narrates his love story to Jai to try to convince him not to let Meera go from his life. He tells how he fell for a girl called Harleen, who moved to Calcutta. He travelled a thousand miles, by train, only to see her face. He also explains how things were different, and the couples then had a lot more respect for each other.
Jai ridicules Veer, who vowed to marry Harleen even before he had gotten to talk to her. But, on Veer's insistence, the young man concedes to pay Meera a surprise visit in India. Meera is stunned, and the two lie to both Jo and Vikram to spend time with each other. They go out as friends, and realise how much they still like each other's company. Meanwhile, Jai and Jo break up as Jai is unable to reciprocate the deeper feelings that Jo longs for. On the day Jai is to leave, Vikram proposes to Meera. She meets Jai secretly, who tells her she should take a decision after thinking. Angry, Meera tells him to leave her life, and that they can no longer have any contact or else she will never be able to really move on. Parallel to this, we find that Harleen has told Veer she was engaged without being told, and he must leave her.
Jai is surprised on Meera's wedding, and tells her nothing can be done now. He goes back, and gets his dream job in San Francisco the same day Meera realises her marriage is a mistake. She tells Vikram the truth and calls Jai, but he tells her about the Golden Gate before she can tell him what is on her mind. Realizing he is going to San Francisco, she tells him nothing but returns to Vikram's house, dejected. Parallel to this, Veer Singh declares his intentions of marrying Harleen but is badly beaten by her family.
Jai slowly begins to lose interest in his "dream job" and is beaten badly by some thugs when, while being mugged, he refuses to give them a picture of Meera. He then realises he still loves her, and goes back to India. He finds Vikram, who informs him that Meera left him the day that he, Jai, had told her about his job in San Francisco. In the past storyline, Veer Singh travels to Harleen's house on the day of her wedding, and convinces her mother that Harleen can only be happy with him. Harleen's mother lets Veer Singh secretly sneak out with her daughter, and the two marry to have a happily ever after. In the present, Jai goes to Meera's work, at the Old Fort, and they have a heart-touching reunion.
In the end, the song Aahun Aahun is played in the theme of Aam Janta (Hindi: आम जनता;meaning "common man') and Pratigya, in which Veer Singh represents Pratigya, while Jai represents Aam Janta. Each shows his different way of love, but both conclude that love has never changed. It shows that, even though people these days try to make themselves believe that love is just an infatuation that goes away with time and that there is no such thing as "true love" or "soulmate", in their hearts they still love each other with that passion.
Production.
The shooting of the film started on May 2008 and took place in the railway station of Patiala, Red Fort, Purana Qila and on the streets of Delhi. Parts have been shot in London, San Francisco, and Kolkata. The building used as Golden Gate, Inc. in the film is actually the City of San Jose City Hall, commonly known as the Rotunda. The film wasn't given a name until January 2009, after shooting was complete.
Release.
Marketing.
The producers of the film inked marketing tie-ups with 2009 ICC World Twenty20, Shoppers Stop and Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance. The apparel worn by the lead cast is exclusively available at Shoppers Stop. With Bajaj Allianz they have a tie up to share the special moments where they could win a chance to meet Saif Ali Khan, the protagonist and the producer of the movie. The tie up with ICC Twenty20 World Cup 2009 was that both Deepika and Saif will be in England before the tournament begins, with Saif expected to commentate on matches for Indian television.
Reception.
Critical Reception.
The movie received a positive to mixed reception from critics. Taran Adarsh of Bollywood Hungama gave the movie 4 stars out of 5, saying that "On the whole, LOVE AAJ KAL is for the young and romantic at heart. Sure, it's not perfect, but the terrific performances, melodious music and stirring emotional moments more than compensate for the hiccups." Nikhat Kazmi of Times of India gave the movie 4 stars in a scale of 5, concluding that "Go watch it for it's GenNow feel and it's ekdum modern appeal." Sonia Chopra of Sify gave the movie 3.5 stars out of 5, commenting that "With lilting music and characters you'll love, Imtiaz Ali brings out one of the most romantic films in recent times. It's a love story of the aam junta, with a delicious contemporary edge. Go get your fill." Shubhra Gupta of Indian Express gave the movie 3 stars in a scale of 5, noting that "It's hard not to warm up to a film which is, at its core, likeable. I just wish I could have liked it more." Aniruddha Guha of DNA India gave the movie 3 stars out of 5, writing that "Though Love Aaj Kal may not quite be the film you expect it to be, it does not leave you feeling disappointed either. Watch it without too many expectations and you will come back smiling. And if you have wanted to ask someone out for a while, this film is the perfect ice-breaker." Raja Sen of Rediff gave the movie 2.5 stars in a scale of 5, stating that "Love Aaj Kal is a harmless, watchable film – sad, because it could have been truly special. It has its moments in the first half, while the second half is an over-melodramatic drag." Rajeev Masand of CNN-IBN gave the movie 2 stars out of 5, pointing that "The film in the end is ordinary stuff, watchable but never memorable like the director's previous efforts, the far superior Socha Na Tha and Jab We Met. I'm going with two out of five and an average rating for Love Aaj Kal. It's like that plump mango you bite into only to discover it's not ripe yet. Watch it nevertheless for the sharp dialogue and some clever humor."
Box office.
"Love Aaj Kal" netted in its first week. and in its second week. "Love Aaj Kal" netted in India. It was declared a super hit by Box Office India, grossing .
Soundtrack.
The music of "Love Aaj Kal" is composed by Pritam with lyrics penned by Irshad Kamil. The album earned Pritam his first IIFA Best Music Director Award.
Remakes.
Love Aaj Kal remake rights were sold for to remake it in telugu and tamil.Its rights were bought by Pawan kalyan,Ganesh bandla.

</doc>
<doc id="19492731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492731" title="Betsey Island">
Betsey Island

Betsey Island, along with the adjacent Little Betsey Island and Betsey Reef, forms a nature reserve with an area of 176 ha in south-eastern Australia. They are part of the Betsey Island Group, lying close to the south-eastern coast of Tasmania around the entrance to the River Derwent. It is classified as an Important Bird Area by BirdLife International; it is an important site for Little Penguins with an estimated 15,000 pairs breeding there, Short-tailed Shearwaters (130,000-170,000 nesting burrows), and Black-faced Cormorants (over 200 breeding pairs).
Flora and fauna.
The northern part of the island is dominated by Tasmanian Blue Gum forest, with the southern part mainly sedgeland. There is succulent salt marsh on the west. Problem weeds are Cape Leeuwin Wattle and Boxthorn.
Apart from the penguins, shearwaters and cormorants, Kelp Gulls and White-bellied Sea-Eagles have nested there. European Rabbits have been present on the island since 1825. Reptiles present include the She-oak Skink and White's Skink.

</doc>
<doc id="19492770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492770" title="Francisco Morales">
Francisco Morales

Francisco Morales Vivas (born August 31, 1971) is a retired male judoka from Argentina. He claimed the gold medal in the Men's Featherweight (– 65 kg) division at the 1991 Pan American Games in Havana, Cuba. Morales represented his native country in two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="19492776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492776" title="Jacob Shaw (musician)">
Jacob Shaw (musician)

Jacob Shaw (born 1988) is a classical cellist.
Career.
Born in London, 1988 into a family of professional musicians, he first studied at the Yehudi Menuhin School in Surrey, before going to France to receive musical guidance from and entering into the class of Geneviève Teulières-Sommer at the École Normale de Musique de Paris. He became the youngest ever cellist in the history of the school to graduate with the "Diplôme de Concertiste" (Soloists Diploma) which he received with the "unanimous decision of the jury with congratulations", the highest honours available.
Following a masters at the Leopold Mozart Zentrum (Augsburg University, Germany), he is now on the soloists scheme at the Royal Danish Academy of Music in Copenhagen, due to graduate in April 2014.
Shaw formed the "Shaw String Trio" with his father and sister, and in 2009, he founded with his family the "Festival International de Musique de Chambre" in south-west France. </ref>
He plays a cello made by Carlo Giuseppe Testore, kindly on loan to him from the Royal Danish Academy of Music. He also owns a cello made especially for him by the master luthier Patrick Robin in Angers (France), 2008, and a bow also made for him by Stephane Tomachot in Paris, 2002.
Jacob Shaw is Music Ambassador for Dulwich College International in Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="19492783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492783" title="Public Force">
Public Force

A Public Force is a force which has a legitimate and legalised use of physical force in order to serve the public interests. 
The term is broad and loosely defined. Public force could be used to refer to either police or military forces.
Original use of the term.
The first use of the concept of a public force, in French Force Publique, is in the Declaration of the Rights of Man and of the Citizen of 1789." 
" Article XIII - For the maintenance of the public force and for the expenditures of administration, a common contribution is indispensable; it must be equally distributed between all the citizens, by reason of their faculties ability to pay."
The declaration sought to regulate the relationship between the citizen and the legitimate use of violence. In contrast to similar declarations of rights from Anglo-Saxon countries, the emphasis is on the citizen's duty to contribute to the existence of such a force, rather than on the citizen's rights vis-a-vis such a force.
Further use of the term.
The concept was also used in other countries, e.g. in Thomas Jefferson's Sixth State of the Union Address.
Force Publique was the title of the colonial army and gendarmerie of the Congo Free State and Belgian Congo from 1885-1960 ("see: Public Force (Congo)"). 
The term has been used as a designation for police or military forces in other countries, e.g. Panama and Costa Rica, and is commonly used as a conceptual term in several countries, e.g. France and Morocco.

</doc>
<doc id="19492788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492788" title="2008–09 PBA Philippine Cup">
2008–09 PBA Philippine Cup

The 2008-09 Philippine Basketball Association (PBA) Philippine Cup or known as the 2008-09 KFC PBA Philippine Cup for sponsorship reasons, is the first conference of the 2008-09 PBA season. The tournament started on October 4, 2008 and ended on February 11, 2009. The new conference will have games on Thursdays and Saturdays. The tournament is an All-Filipino format, which bans an import or a pure-foreign player for each team.
The tournament featured the first ever regular season game played in Singapore. It was played at the Singapore Indoor Stadium between the Talk 'N Text Tropang Texters and the San Miguel Beermen on November 30.
Format.
The following format will be observed for the duration of the conference:
Quarterfinals.
Barangay Ginebra–San Miguel series.
In a battle of the two teams owned by the San Miguel Corporation, the Beermen escaped with a one-point win at game 1. The Kings averted elimination when the Beermen collapsed at Game 2, but Dondon Hontiveros lead the charge at game 3's fourth quarter to prevent a second-consecutive PBA championship for Ginebra as the Beermen closed out the Kings in a sold-out Cuneta Astrodome.
Rain or Shine–Sta. Lucia series.
In their first playoff appearance since joining the league in 2006, the Elasto Painters were overwhelmed in Game 1 by the defending champions, who played with the comebacking Ryan Reyes who just came from injury. Fracas involving Rain or Shine's Gabe Norwood and Solomon Mercado at the end of the first game caused Norwood to be suspended in Game 2, and Mercado on Game 3 if it happens. The short-handed Elasto Painters wound up short in Game 2 as they were eliminated.
Semifinals.
Alaska–Sta. Lucia series.
In a rematch of the 2007-08 semifinals series, the Aces won two consecutive game to lead the series 2–0. However, the Realtors won Game 3 to cut the series lead. But Alaska, seeking to prevent what happened last year, won Game 4 to take a commanding 3–1 series lead. Sta. Lucia won Game 5 but they came out short in Game 6 with Willie Miller having an all-around performance to lead the Aces to a rematch of the 2007 PBA Fiesta Conference Finals against Talk 'N Text.
Talk 'N Text–San Miguel series.
Unlike the other semifinal which was a slow defensive battle, the Talk 'N Text–San Miguel matchup was a high-scoring offensive-minded series, with both teams passing the century mark in all of the games. The Texters walloped the winded Beermen in Game 1 with a 29-point win, but the Beermen were able to get even with a Game 2 victory. The Texters escaped at Game 3 thanks to Jimmy Alapag's clutch baskets, despite Hontiveros' 39-point explosion.
In a do-or-die Game 5, Marc Pingris and former Talk 'N Text player Jay Washington had double-double efforts to prevent the Texters from barging in the Finals. With Yancy de Ocampo was suspended after committing a flagrant foul-penalty 2 against Danny Seigle in Game 6, his brother Ranidel was ejected in the second quarter with the same offense. The game was close until at the of the third quarter when the Texters made a run, but the Beermen tied the game at the end of the fourth quarter; Alapag missed a go-ahead tree-pointer as time expired to force overtime. With 1:57 left in overtime, Washington scored on a put-back to put SMB up 115–113. On the next possession, Mark Cardona converted his own three-pointer to put TNT up 116–115. Washington missed a short stab, and Harvey Carey missed his own shot at the other end. Ali Peek tapped the ball, and Cardona grabbed it as time expired, to lead the Texters into the Finals.
Statistical leaders.
"Player Stats as of January 22, 2008, 6:30 p.m. PHI Time."

</doc>
<doc id="19492811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492811" title="Doors Open">
Doors Open

Doors Open is a 2008 novel by crime writer Ian Rankin. It is his first stand alone thriller in over 10 years.
The story was originally published as a serial novel in "The New York Times Magazine".
Plot outline.
Mike Mackenzie is a software entrepreneur who has sold his company for a substantial amount of money, but is now bored and looking for a new thrill. His new-found wealth has funded a genuine interest in art so when his friend Professor Robert Gissing presents him with a plan for the perfect crime, he willingly helps set that plan in motion.
With a vast collection but limited wall space, the National Gallery (on the TV adaptation, a Scottish bank) has many more valuable works of art in storage than it could ever display. The plan is to stage a heist at the Granton storage depot on "Doors Open Day" during which a selected group of paintings will be "stolen". The gang will then give the appearance of having panicked and fled without the works of art, but will have switched the real paintings with high quality forgeries good enough to convince anyone investigating the matter that no theft has been committed. 
As they begin to flesh out the plan, it becomes clear that they need some "professional assistance" and a chance encounter with Chib Calloway, a local gangster who Mike went to school with, fulfils that need.
TV adaptation.
A television film of the book has been produced, starring Douglas Henshall as Mike Mackenzie, Ken Collard as Allan Cruickshank and Stephen Fry as Robert Gissing. Filming started in Edinburgh in April 2012, and the programme was aired on Boxing Day on ITV.
Related works.
Rankin's 2002 collection of short stories, Beggars Banquet, includes a story "Herbert in Motion" whose plot is also concerned with the theft of undisplayed works of art from the storage facilities of a major gallery, and their replacement with high quality forgeries to mask the crime.

</doc>
<doc id="19492820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492820" title="Dario García">
Dario García

Darío Osvaldo Gastón García Aguilar (born July 20, 1968 in Rosario, Santa Fe) is a retired male judoka from Argentina. He claimed the gold medal in the Men's Light-Middleweight (– 78 kg) division at the 1995 Pan American Games in Mar de Plata. García represented his native country in four consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="19492824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492824" title="Agra Railway Division">
Agra Railway Division

Agra Railway Division comes under the North Central Railway zone of the Indian Railways. The division came into being on the 1st April 2003. It is name for the town of Agra.
Bhopal Shatabdi, which is the fastest train in India also run across the Agra division.

</doc>
<doc id="19492873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492873" title="Shooting at the 1992 Summer Olympics – Skeet">
Shooting at the 1992 Summer Olympics – Skeet

Skeet was one of the thirteen shooting events at the 1992 Summer Olympics. It was the last Olympic skeet competition open to both men and women, and the only mixed shooting competition at the Olympics ever won by a woman: Zhang Shan. The competition consisted of a qualification round of 150 targets, a semifinal of 50 targets for the top 24 competitors, and a final of 25 targets for the top six. Hitting all 200 targets of the preliminary rounds, and 23 in the final, Zhang won ahead of four male shooters at 222. With José María Colorado eliminated due to lower final score, a three-way shoot-off between Juan Giha, Bruno Rossetti and Ioan Toman determined the silver and bronze medals, going to Giha and Rossetti respectively. The event was held on July 28 at the Mollet del Vallès Shooting Range.
Qualification round.
DNF Did not finish – Q Qualified for semifinal
Semifinal.
OR Olympic record – Q Qualified for final
Final.
OR Olympic record

</doc>
<doc id="19492900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492900" title="Henry Anthony (cricketer)">
Henry Anthony (cricketer)

Henry Anthony (born 16 May 1873) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-pace bowler who played for Nottinghamshire. He was born in Old Basford.
Anthony made four first-class appearances between 1898 and 1902, in the Nottinghamshire lower-order, partnering players such as Charles Wright and John Gunn, both of whom would shortly become Test cricketers on account of their appearances with the team.
Anthony's brother, George and uncle Alfred also played first-class cricket, the brothers partnering each other in the lower order in Henry's final first-class game.

</doc>
<doc id="19492911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492911" title="Child Maintenance and Enforcement Division">
Child Maintenance and Enforcement Division

The Child Maintenance and Enforcement Division (CMED), part of the Northern Ireland Department for Social Development, ensures that parents not living with their children continue to give them financial support. The agency began operating on 1 April 2008, replacing the Northern Ireland Child Support Agency which, according to Secretary of State for Work and Pensions John Hutton MP, was not working and needed to be replaced by a "smaller, more focused" body.
It aims to be simpler and more streamlined than its predecessor, to have a tougher enforcement system as well as to encourage parents to work out the payments on their own.
Its responsibilities will include the management of existing cases, the development and implementation of a new scheme, providing support and advice for parents involved in the scheme, the care of transitioning cases between schemes, and decommissioning the original CSA.
CMED is based at Great Northern Tower in Belfast city centre but also maintains a regional office in Omagh. 

</doc>
<doc id="19492917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492917" title="Rudolph Hass">
Rudolph Hass

Rudolph Gustav Hass was the developer of the Hass avocado, the source of 95% of avocados grown commercially today.
Life before 1925.
Rudolph Gustav Hass was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin on June 5, 1892 to Henry C. Hass and Alma F. (Zergman) Hass. Known as Rudie, Hass quit school after finishing 10th grade at age 15 and went to work. He tried to enlist in the Army during World War I, but they rejected him due to a congenital heart murmur.
Hass met Elizabeth Schuette on 7/4/1918 at a 4 July church picnic. He was involved in a mission work with children on weekends and asked Elizabeth if she could play the piano for his ministry at the mission. She agreed and thus their courtship began. They were married about a year later on 8/2/1919 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. The family moved to Pasadena, California in 1923.
Hass got a job as a door-to-door salesman in 1923, first selling "Real Silk Hose" (socks and ties for men), then selling Maytag washing machines. In 1925 Hass got a job with the Pasadena Post Office making 25 cents per hour. That was before mail truck routes, so Hass carried the heavy mail sack every day on his route for ten years until he was given a car route due to his failing heart.
Discovery of the Hass Avocado.
After reading a magazine article illustrating an avocado tree with dollar bills hanging from it in 1925, Hass used all the money he had, plus a loan from his sister, Ida Hass, to buy a small acre and a half avocado grove at 430 West Road La Habra Heights, California. The trees were old Fuerte avocados with 2 or 3 Lyon as well as a few Pueblas and Nabals. The Fuerte was the best avocado available at that time, but Hass could not afford to buy more trees, so he decided to cut down many of the old trees and have them grafted over to Fuerte with new bud wood.
Hass hired a professional grafter named Mr. Caulkins, who advised Mr. Hass to buy avocado seeds from a nursery owned by Mr. Rideout and grow his own seedlings and then have them grafted to the Fuerte variety. Hass agreed and followed his advice. He planted the rest of the grove on centers with three seeds in each hole. Cuttings from existing Fuerte trees were grafted onto the strongest of the three newly planted trees from each hole. All but three of the grafts 'took' and new Fuerte trees grew out of the new seedlings. Mr. Caulkins re-grafted those three trees. Then he re-grafted the one tree that had rejected the second graft. Again it did not take. Hass was ready to give up and asked Mr. Caulkins to chop it down, but he told him it was a good strong tree, and advised Hass to "just leave it alone and see what happens." So Hass did. 
Mr. Hass was not a botanist like Luther Burbank (1849 - 1926) who purposely cross pollinated plants to produce over 800 better varieties. The seed that produced the Hass Avocado had already been cross pollinated by nature before Mr Rideout sold it, along with a hundred other seeds, to Mr. Hass. 
When that seedling was 14" tall and the trunk only 1/2" thick, it had three walnut size fruit on it. Fuertes rarely produced fruit in less than five years. Hass had his wife Elizabeth take his picture kneeling by the seedling and showing one of the tiny avocados hanging over his hand. This was in July, 1926. That picture has been immortalized in a portrait painted by Rudolph Hass's grandson, Thomas Wilkes. That seedling grew more rapidly and produced more fruit than the Fuerte grafts. It also grew straight up and was not as spread out as the Fuerte trees making more trees to the acre possible. When the fruit grew large enough and mature, Hass picked them to ripen. The family agreed that this avocado tasted as good, if not better than the Fuerte.
Marketing.
As the tree grew and produced more fruit than the family could use, Hass took some to his co-workers at the Pasadena Post Office. They liked the avocados and asked if they could buy more from him. He agreed to sell them a bag of 4 or 5 avocados for $1. He sold all he brought to work and took orders for more. The Hass family began to work harvesting and selling avocados from a roadside stand by the grove at 430 West Road in La Habra, California.
Rudie also contacted the 'Model Grocery Store' on Colorado St. in Pasadena and found it to be a ready market. He left them a few sample avocados and they agreed to sell the fruit and did so for many years. The chefs of wealthy people who lived on South Orange Grove Street shopped there, and once they sampled the Hass variety, they insisted upon it. At $1.00 each, Avocados were only available to the rich. A dollar a day was a typical food budget for a family of four or five in those days.
In August 1935 Hass patented his 'Hass' avocado tree. Hass signed an agreement with Harold Brokaw, a Whittier nurseryman, to grow and sell the Hass Avocados. Hass was to receive 25% of the proceeds.
However, the patent was widely violated. Growers would buy one tree from Mr. Brokaw who had the exclusive right to produce the nursery trees. They would then re-graft their whole grove with the bud wood from that one tree.
For that reason, Rudolph Hass made less than $5,000 in royalties over the life of the patent. (Patents expire after 17 years.) However, Rudolph Hass was the first person to have a producing grove of Hass Avocados, though it was a very small grove.
Rudolph Hass expanded to Fallbrook, planting an orchard in 1948 which bore its first crop in 1952, just as his 17-year patent expired.
Marriage and children.
Rudolph Hass and Elizabeth Schuette were married on August 2, 1919 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. They had five children.
Death and afterwards.
One month after the patent expired in August 1952, at the age of 60, Rudolph Hass suffered a heart attack on September 24, 1952. He died of heart failure in the Fallbrook Hospital a month later on October 24, 1952. He was buried on his wife's 53rd birthday, October 28, 1952.
Excerpt from October 24, 1952 hand written entry from diary of Elizabeth Hass: "Dad was looking in paper. Said if he kept feeling better, he'd like to go somewhere to recuperate... Told dad I'd go & get supper for the folks & be back. He didn't want me to. Wasn't using oxygen so much today. Then he said, "O.K.-I'm so tired. I'll sleep." So kissed him goodbye. He didn't say -"hurry back"- like he usually did. Got home & before coffee was done - Daddy was gone. Felt awful. I had been with him so much. Just sat & held hands. He was dead when nurse brought his supper. Hosp. told me to make immediate arrangement to have him moved. He was still warm when I got there. So & I made arrangements with Fallbrook Mortuary."[6 
His wife Elizabeth lived to the age of 98. She lived in California the rest of her life on the pension from her husband's mailman job.
References.
6. ^Hass, Elizabeth M., (1941-1963) Five Year Diary (handwritten)

</doc>
<doc id="19492922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492922" title="Vogtländisch dialect">
Vogtländisch dialect

Vogtländisch (or "Vuuchtländisch" /fu:xtlændIS/ according to common pronunciation in Klingenthal) is an East-Franconian dialect, spoken in Vogtland.
Distribution and history.
Vogtländisch is mainly spoken in rural and small town areas. The speakers are mainly to be found among the elderly, as school and preschool education tend to be negligent about fostering this linguistic tradition — nowadays, dialect use tends to be discouraged from an early age. Just like Lusatia and the Erzgebirge, the Vogtland is one of few areas in Saxony still having regions of comparatively self-contained dialect. There is a relation between Vogtländisch and Erzgebirgisch, including sharing some linguistic features, which originates in similarities and interdependencies in their respective settlement history.
The dialects of the Vogtland are anything but uniform. The sub-dialects that can be spotted in the various sub-regions sometimes differ drastically. In Plauen, for instance, a Vogtländisch is to be heard differing completely from that spoken in Klingenthal (vogtl. Klengedohl ) — a common remark between speakers from neighboring regions is "die singe doch ihre Wördder" (en.: they are singing to articulately speaking their words).
This is the main reason there is an extra differentiation to be made between the following sub-varieties:
Vogtländisch proverb.
"Do, wu de Hasn Hoosn haaßen un de Hosen Huusn haaßen, do bi iech dr ham."
Translated literally: "There, where hares are called a pair of pants and a pair of pants are called "Husen", that's the place I call home."
This proverb is also quite common in neighboring Erzgebirge due to the shift of vowels described in it, which is also a feature of Erzgebirgsich.
Commonalities and differences.
Vogtländisch appears as a more than less fluent transition between Meißenisch in the area Chemnitz – Zwickau, Upper Franconian in the area south to Hof, and South Eastern Thuringian in the area around Gera.
Pre-Vogtländisch is the name for the transitional area to Sächsisch, which surrounds Reichenbach. Here the originary "singing" of words is only audible rudimentally, which also holds true for the over-emphasis of intonation within a sentence. Following the Göltzsch upstream, these phenomena will increase strongly.
Vogtländisch and Erzgebirgisch.
As in the upper and less densely populated areas of the Vogtland everyday Vogtländisch is more in use than in the other distributional areas of the variety, Upper Vogtländisch is commonly perceived to be highly (ab)original and representative for all Vogtländisch varieties. Upper Vogtländisch shows but few differences compared to Western Erzgebirgisch, while diachronic change within the distribution area of Erzgebirgisch seems to be currently occurring. Making a difference between Upper Vogtländisch and Western Erzgebirgisch seems impossible when not having detailed experience or data of their distinctive features.
One shared feature seems to be double negation:
On the mountain lies no snow not.
Vogtländisch and Upper Franconian.
Also the delineation of Vogtländisch against Upper Franconian seems to be rather troublesome, if tried within small-scale regional comparisons. One tendency seems to be the absence of the "rolled R" in Vogtländisch, while distinctive exceptions may still occur.
The area surrounding Hof, also referred to as Bavarian Vogtland, is part of the transitional zone where many originally Vogtländisch features occur, while phonologically Upper Franconian seems to be closer.
Vogtländisch and "Sächsisch".
In addition to Pre-Vogtländisch as a transitional form common features are recognizable on a geographically somewhat larger scale. In similarity to "Sächsisch", in Vogtländisch there are almost none but de-labialized vowel sounds and aspiration of consonants is almost completely absent. Especially recipients from southern and western Germany may perceive of the sound of Vogtländisch in a way encouraging the misconception, they would actually hear spoken "Sächsisch". Furthermore, "ne" instead of "oder" is used as a Question tag at the end of sentences, which is commonly perceived as a typicality of "Sächsisch" and Saxon use of High German.
Yet, big differences occur in Vogtländisch morphosyntax, giving it features that encourage it be ranked among the East Franconian dialects. Accordingly, many monosyllabic words of Vogtländisch are not intellibible for speakers of "Sächsisch", for instance "aa" or "ae" (en: "also", High German "auch" , "Sächsisch" "ooch" ) or the affirmation "hoa" or "hae" , which, while it can be used meaning "yes", does not have an equivalent in Standard English or High German, but corresponds with Sächsisch "nu" (in meaning roughly equivalent to "aye" in Scots).

</doc>
<doc id="19492935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492935" title="Motor Press Guild">
Motor Press Guild

The Motor Press Guild "(abbreviated MPG)" is the largest professional automotive media association in North America. This Los Angeles-based non-profit association is made up of professionals in motoring journalism and news media. Their goal is to promote education and information exchange within the motoring press.
Information.
Members include staff and freelance journalists, photographers, broadcasters, and similar media professionals, as well as public-relations representatives from vehicle manufacturers, industry suppliers, aftermarket companies, consumer groups, governmental bodies and other motoring-related firms and organizations. There are currently around 750 members who work throughout many regions of the United States.
MPG is the bestower of the Dean Batchelor Award, an annual award which recognizes excellence in automotive journalism. The MPG is also the publisher of the MPG Membership Roster & Media Guide, a widely used annually published book which contains a comprehensive list of key industry contacts.

</doc>
<doc id="19492949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492949" title="Sarah Willingham">
Sarah Willingham

Sarah Louise Willingham (born 1973 in Stoke on Trent) is a serial entrepreneur, investor and personal finance expert. She regularly appears on various TV and radio programmes, including Daybreak, This Morning, "The Wright Stuff", Channel 5 and Sky News as a personal finance expert commenting on both personal finance and consumer affairs. Sarah appeared as a restaurant inspector and investor on all three series of Raymond Blanc's "The Restaurant and as an independent investor on Sky TV series Cooks to Market 
She has two business degrees from Oxford Brookes University and the École supérieure de commerce de la rochelle business school in France. In 2004 she completed a MBA from the Cranfield University School of Management.
She is a founder and investor in Letssavesomemoney.com and Londoncocktailclub.co.uk and as a restaurant entrepreneur specialising in high street she is also a former owner of the Bombay Bicycle Club Restaurant chain.
Life and career.
Sarah is the daughter of a maths teacher, Judith, and businessman, Rhondda, and has a younger brother Alex. She married her husband Michael Toxvaerd in 2008 and together they live in the countryside outside London with their 4 children Minnie, Monti, Nelly and Marly.
Sarah Willingham is one of the youngest entrepreneurs in the high street food and leisure industry.
"Management Today" and "The Times" acknowledged her as one of the “35 most successful women under 35” in the UK. In 2007 she was voted Business Weekly’s “Young Entrepreneur of the Year”, one of the “Courvoisier Top 500”, “Who’s Who in British Business Leaders 2007”, British Telecom's “Spokesperson for Small Business Growth 2008” and “Press representative Unilever Food Solutions brand launch 2011”.
Having spent the early years of her career managing some of the biggest household names in restaurants – Planet Hollywood and Pizza Express, Sarah decided to go it alone. She successfully raised the finance to buy The Bombay Bicycle Club in 2004, and turned a heavily loss-making business of six restaurants into a profitable group of seventeen, establishing the largest chain of Indian restaurants in the UK. The business was sold in 2007.
In 2004 Sarah co-established AIM listed company, Neutrahealth plc, which acquired six businesses in the fast growing nutraceutical industry and was sold to Indian company Elder Pharmaceuticals Ltd in 2011.
Subsequently Sarah continued as a main board director of The Clapham House Group where she was responsible for three of their four brands; Tootsies, The Real Greek and The Bombay Bicycle Club, over 50 restaurants and more than 1,500 employees.
In April 2008, she became FSA-approved and co-established a private equity platform in the UK. She is also working on a number of other business ventures including a consumer-facing website, promoting food from her home town as patron for ‘The Taste of Staffordshire’, and acting as Contributing Editor for "Fine Foodies" magazine.
In 2011 Sarah invested in the Cocktail Club alongside Raymond Blanc, JJ Goodman, David Moore and James Hopkins. The first Cocktail bar opened in January 2011 on Goodge Street, London and in February 2012 the London Cocktail Club added their second cocktail bar on Shaftsbury Avenue, London.
In July 2012 Sarah launched a money saving website called [www.letssavesomemoney.com] which aims to help people take control of their time and be smart with their money, encouraging users to take action, through 1-minute guides to various aspects of money saving.

</doc>
<doc id="19492962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492962" title="Reigate Castle">
Reigate Castle

Reigate castle is a ruined castle in the town of Reigate in the county of Surrey, England.
Establishment.
King William I granted the land around Reigate to one of his supporters, William de Warenne, who was created Earl of Surrey in 1088. It is believed that his son, William de Warenne, 2nd Earl of Surrey, ordered that Reigate Castle be built, although the de Warennes had their southern base in Lewes, Sussex, as well as castles in Yorkshire and Normandy. Around 1150 the de Warennes ordered that a town be constructed below the castle. This town forms the basis of modern-day Reigate. The origin of the name Reigate is uncertain, but appears to derive from Roe-deer Gate, as the town was situated near to the entrance to the de Warenne's deer park.
In 1216 the castle was one of many captured by the French in southern England, including Chichester Castle. In 1347 the castle became the property of Fitzalan, Earl of Arundel. From 1397 it was owned by a number of Lords of the Manor of Reigate, including the influential Howard family. It was occupied until the 16th century, but fell into disrepair afterwards. It was demolished in 1648 after occupation as a garrison during the Civil War by followers of a Royalist uprising. 
None of the original castle buildings have survived, with the exception of the Barons' Cave.
Little more is known of the Castle which has never been excavated on any great scale. Local legend says prior to the signing of the Magna Carta, the rebellious barons met to hammer out the details of the document in the extensive caves beneath the castle. The story however has no truth to it.
Modern day.
The Reigate Castle Tunnel runs under the grounds of Reigate Castle and was constructed in 1823. It is believed to be Europe's first road tunnel.
The castle grounds remain as public gardens.
Caves.
Tours of the Baron's Caves take place on the second Saturday of every month between (and including) May and September.

</doc>
<doc id="19492974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492974" title="Sayonara Baby/Koi Shiteru">
Sayonara Baby/Koi Shiteru

"Sayonara Baby" (Sayonaraベイベー) is Miliyah Kato's thirteenth single, released on September 24, 2008. On its first day the song debuted at #10. The song's second A-side, "Koi Shiteru" (恋シテル; "I'm in Love"), samples the song "I Love Your Smile". "Sayonara Baby" has been certified Platinum for Chaku Uta Full downloads of over 250,000.

</doc>
<doc id="19492975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492975" title="Gayniggers from Outer Space">
Gayniggers from Outer Space

Gayniggers from Outer Space is a 1992 short film, directed by Danish filmmaker Morten Lindberg. The movie is a satire of the blaxploitation and science fiction genre.
Plot.
The film follows a group of intergalactic homosexual black men from the planet Anus, who discover the presence of female creatures on planet Earth. Using rayguns, they proceed to eliminate females one by one from Earth, eliciting gratitude from the previously oppressed male population. Before leaving the planet, they leave behind a "Gay Ambassador" to educate the Earthlings about their new way of life.
Cultural references.
The film begins in black-and-white, but later turns to color in a similar way to "The Wizard of Oz". According to director Morten Lindberg, this was a "dramatic special effect" to illustrate "the world being freed from vicious women."
The film is the namesake of the troll group Gay Nigger Association of America.

</doc>
<doc id="19492982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492982" title="Miloš Kopecký">
Miloš Kopecký

Miloš Kopecký (22 August 1922 in Prague – 16 February 1996 in Prague) was a Czech actor, active mainly in the second half of the 20th century.
Biography.
He was born into the family of a furrier; his mother was a hatter. Since his childhood he was involved with the theatre and music, and after some unsuccessful attempts to study he chose the career of an actor. He began to appear on the stage in 1939, as a member of an amateur elocution group. During the German occupation of Czechoslovakia he performed with a collective of young artists, "Tvar" (The Shape). At the end of the Second World War, he was (having one Jewish parent) interned in the labor camp in Bystřice u Benešova. His mother was murdered in the Auschwitz concentration camp. Following the liberation he took up a career as a professional actor in the avant-garde studio "Větrník" (from 1945 to 1946), and afterward he was engaged in many Prague theatre scenes. A few years later he began to appear also in films and gradually became one of the most popular actors in Czechoslovakia. In the mid-1980s Kopecký acted in a politically biased documentary film about emigrants, but on the other side he presented very critical speech against communist régime in May, 1987, at the Fourth Congress of Dramatic Artists. He was married five times, once with Czech actress Stella Zázvorková. Kopecký suffered for many years from manic-depressive disease, partially caused by the death of his mother, who perished in a concentration camp.
Theatre.
Following his engagement in "Větrník" he appeared in various theatre scenes:
A turning point in his career came in 1965, when the director František Pavlíček engaged him to the "Divadlo na Vinohradech", to which he remained faithful throughout the rest of his life. Nonetheless, he acted as a guest also in other theatres, e.g. in "Semafor" Theatre, or in "Divadlo ABC" (ABC Theatre), where he cooperated with another important actor of the time, Jan Werich. Among his most valued roles were Paolino in Pirandello's "The Man, The Beast and The Virtue", Professor Higgins in G. B. Shaw's "Pygmalion", Harpagon in Molière's "The Miser", and many others.
Film.
Kopecký was a passionate admirer of film from his early age, and began to appear on screen shortly after the war. His first minor role was in the historic film "Jan Roháč z Dubé" (1947), but he quickly graduated to more important characters. During his career he played mainly negative roles of bon vivants, elegant intriguers, traitors, debauchees, lechers and villains, which he managed to depict with the great elegance and esprit. Among his most valued roles in film were Chaplain Katz in "The Good Soldier Švejk" (1956), Hogofogo in "Limonádový Joe" (1964), the chief of the Czech water-goblins in "Jak utopit dr. Mráčka aneb Konec vodníků v Čechách" (1974), the villainous Count von Kratzmar in "Adéla ještě nevečeřela" (1977), and many others. He may be best known today as Dr. Štrosmajer in the Czech television series "Nemocnice na kraji města".

</doc>
<doc id="19492989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19492989" title="GNG">
GNG

GNG may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19493016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493016" title="Jean-Pierre Stirbois">
Jean-Pierre Stirbois

Jean-Pierre Stirbois (30 January 1945, Paris – 5 November 1988 Jouars-Pontchartrain) was a French far-right politician, husband of Marie-France Stirbois. He has been associated with the first electoral breakthrough of the National Front, in Dreux in 1983.
Biography.
He participated to Jean-Louis Tixier-Vignancour presidential campaign in 1965. Stirbois then was active in the "Mouvement jeune révolution" (MJR, solidarist). Along with Michel Collinot, he created in 1975 the Solidarist Union ("Union solidariste").
In 1977, he joined Jean-Marie Le Pen's National Front (founded in 1972), becoming its general secretary in 1981. Stirbois was part of the Solidarist group within the FN, and was an opponent of the neo-fascist factions within the party. Stirbois supported an aggressive anti-immigrant political position. As FN candidate for the 1983 municipal election in Dreux (Eure-et-Loir), he managed to obtain 16% of the votes at the first round, which was the first electoral breakthrough of the FN. For the second round, he merged his list with Jean Hieaux's list (Rally for the Republic, RPR), and became deputy mayor. Most of the RPR and UDF responsibles recognized this alliance between the right and the far-right, including Jacques Chirac himself.
Stirbois then managed to be elected MEP at the 1984 European election on Le Pen's FN list. In 1986, the proportional representation enabled him to enter the National Assembly as deputy of the Hauts-de-Seine.
Stirbois became a rival of Bruno Mégret during his rise inside the FN. Following a trip to New Caledonia, he died in a car-crash in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="19493069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493069" title="A Cool Head">
A Cool Head

A Cool Head is Ian Rankin's entry in Quick Reads 2009.
Plot summary.
Gravy works in a graveyard. One day his friend turns up in a car he doesn't recognise. His friend has a bullet in his chest. Gravy is asked to hide the gun and the body. In the back of the car is blood, and a bag full of money. Soon Gravy is caught up in a bank job gone wrong and is pursued by some mysterious men.

</doc>
<doc id="19493091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493091" title="Restaurant Insider (magazine)">
Restaurant Insider (magazine)

Restaurant Insider is a monthly culinary magazine that conducts in-depth profiles on the restaurant industry’s best known chefs and restaurateurs. Restaurant Insider began publishing in April 2005 as a trade-only magazine and has expanded to include newsstand availability, presence at food festivals, trade shows, and through online marketing.
Major profiles include:

</doc>
<doc id="19493105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493105" title="Sir Edward Antrobus, 8th Baronet">
Sir Edward Antrobus, 8th Baronet

Sir Edward Philip Antrobus, 8th Baronet (born 28 September 1938) is a former first–class cricketer. Born in South Africa, he made two appearances for Cambridge University in 1963 as a right-handed batsman and leg spin bowler. He scored 31 and 22 on debut against Leicestershire but made a pair in his second, and final, game against Nottinghamshire. He bowled three overs in total without taking a wicket. His uncle, Geoffrey Antrobus, also played two games for Cambridge in 1925.

</doc>
<doc id="19493110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493110" title="Willie Cobbs">
Willie Cobbs

Willie Cobbs (born July 15, 1932, Smale, Arkansas, United States) is an American blues singer, harmonica player and songwriter. He is best known for his song, "You Don't Love Me".
Cobbs was born in Smale, Arkansas and moved to Chicago, Illinois, in 1951, occasionally performing in local clubs with Little Walter, Eddie Boyd and others. He served in the American armed forces and then returned to Chicago, recording a number of singles on such labels as Ruler, a subsidiary of J.O.B. Records. 
He first recorded his own composition "You Don't Love Me" in 1960 for Mojo Records, a record label in Memphis, Tennessee owned by Billy Lee Riley. It was then leased to Vee-Jay Records for release. The song has since been covered by various artists including The Allman Brothers Band, Grateful Dead, Richie Kotzen, Kaleidoscope, Quicksilver Messenger Service, John Mayall & the Bluesbreakers, Junior Wells and Magic Sam, as well as by Mike Bloomfield, Al Kooper and Stephen Stills on their 1968 "Super Session". Another cover of "You Don't Love Me" was the 1992 reggae rendition by Dawn Penn known as "You Don't Love Me (No, No, No)".
Cobbs later released singles on a wide variety of labels, and ran nightclubs in Arkansas and Mississippi through the 1970s and 1980s. He went on to release the albums "Hey Little Girl" for the Wilco label in 1986, and "Down to Earth" on the Rooster Blues label in 1994. Cobbs has performed at the King Biscuit Blues Festival and the Chicago Blues Festival. Cobbs also appeared in the 1991 film "Mississippi Masala"; he performed the songs "Angel from Heaven" and "Sad Feelin'" for the film.

</doc>
<doc id="19493116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493116" title="List of predecessors of the St. Louis–San Francisco Railway">
List of predecessors of the St. Louis–San Francisco Railway

The following railroad companies became part of the St. Louis–San Francisco Railway (Frisco) system, usually through consolidation.
Early lines in Missouri and Kansas.
The Frisco started out as the Southwest Branch (heading west-southwesterly from St. Louis) of the Pacific (later Missouri Pacific) Railroad, and was split out in 1866. That same year, Congress incorporated the Atlantic and Pacific Railroad, which would end up extending the line through Springfield and Tulsa to Sapulpa.
Other extensions into Arkansas, Oklahoma, and Texas.
Because of a provision of the Texas Constitution, railroad companies operating in that state had to be incorporated in Texas. The Frisco's primary Texas subsidiary was the St. Louis, San Francisco and Texas Railway (Frisco of Texas).

</doc>
<doc id="19493133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493133" title="Anne Dunham">
Anne Dunham

Anne Patricia Dunham MBE (born 24 September 1948) is a British Para-equestrian who has competed in the Paralympic Games.
Early life and disability.
Whilst at school Dunham worked at a local stable in her spare time and, by the age of 16, she was running a yard of 80 horses at weekends. She has said that she "always wanted to compete" but whilst she was able to ride the horses in the stables their owners competed with them. Dunham was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis at the age of 27 and has used a wheelchair since the age of 30. At the age of forty, when her husband sold his business, she bought a horse and began to compete.
Paralympic career.
Dunham first competed at the Paralympics competing on Doodlebug in dressage events at the 1996 Atlanta Games where she won a bronze medal in the individual mixed Kur trot grade II, and gold in the open team event. In the individual mixed dressage grade II she finished just outside of the medals in fourth position. 
At the 2000 Summer Paralympics, in Sydney, Dunham was part of the team that successfully defended their title in the open team dressage event. In the individual events at the games she finished fifth both in the mixed dressage - championship grade II and mixed dressage - freestyle grade II. 
The 2004 Athens Games were Dunham's third Paralympic appearance. As part of a team with Lee Pearson, Debbie Criddle and Nicola Tustain she won her third consecutive gold medal in the team dressage. Competing in the grade I freestyle and championship individual events she finished fifth and sixth respectively with fellow Briton Pearson winning gold in both. 
Dunham went to her fourth Paralympics in 2008. The dressage events were not held in the host city Beijing but instead took place at the Olympic Equestrian Centre in Hong Kong. Dunham at the age of 59, competing on her horse Teddy Edwards, won her first individual Paralympic gold medal in the championship test grade Ia and also won silver in the freestyle test grade Ia. In the team open Dunham, with teammates Lee Pearson, Sophie Christiansen and Simon Laurens won the gold medal. This meant that Dunham has won a gold medal in this event at four consecutive Games.
Dunham was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2009 New Year Honours.

</doc>
<doc id="19493166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493166" title="Frank Horwill">
Frank Horwill

Frank J. Horwill MBE (19 June 1927 – 1 January 2012) was a UK Athletics senior level 4 coach most famous for founding the British Milers' Club (BMC) and for formulating the Five Pace Training Theory which is widely used for coaching middle-distance runners throughout the world.
As a volunteer coach since 1961, Horwill coached over 50 Great Britain and Northern Ireland international athletes from 800 metres to the marathon - from track to the road and to the country. Five of his athletes achieved sub-4 minute miles – the fastest being Tim Hutchings, who ran 3:54.53 for the mile and placed fourth in the 5000m in the 1984 Los Angeles Olympic Games.
In 1963 Horwill co-founded the British Milers’ Club with the aim of raising "British middle distance running to world supremacy". Seventeen years after the BMC was formed, British male middle-distance runners held all the middle-distance world records. This was attributed to the first ever national scheme of using 'hares' in races. The club has been the nursery and arena for many champions over the years, with the great majority of Britain’s best middle distance runners being members and Horwill was an active member of the club's committee until his death.
While the training of middle and long distance runners at the time were dominated by physiological thinking (and later biochemical), Horwill's Five Pace Training Theory used elements of 'style running' of the 1920s and '30s, i.e. he applied motor learning theory to running. In physiological terms, he was convinced that running economy was best when one had learned a certain speed. In contrast to the runners of previous generations he increased the amount of high quality running. 
In 1970 Horwill invented the 5-pace/multi-tier system of training, used by Sebastian Coe to enormous success under his father and coach Peter Coe. In 1980, Peter Coe said, "we have used Frank Horwill's multi-tier system. It’s all embracing."
Many other prominent athletes have also adopted the 5-pace system of training including Saïd Aouita who was the only man at the time capable of running 800m in sub 1:44, 1500m in sub 3:30, 3000m in sub 7:30, 5000m in sub 13:00, and 10000m in sub 27:30 and Noah Ngeny, the 2000 Sydney Olympic 1,500m champion.
Horwill was widely respected in athletics circles throughout the world and lectured and coached internationally, including in Canada, Ireland, Poland, Zimbabwe, Kenya, Bahrain, Portugal and South Africa. The latter country held a special affection in his heart and on his frequent visits he was sought out for advice by aspiring South African middle distance athletes and coaches. He helped and influenced countless athletes and coaches worldwide by correspondence and coached a large squad of runners, "Horwill's Harriers", in London. 
A prolific writer, Horwill regularly produced articles for the British magazine Athletics Weekly, and other sporting publications. He co-authored "The Complete Middle Distance Runner" (1972), along with Denis Watts and Harry Wilson. In 1991, Frank Horwill published "Obsession for Running", described by The Daily Telegraph as "The athletics book of the year". Owen Anderson in "Peak Performance" called it "an outstanding book".
Horwill was a man of many quotes including, "We’ve only just begun to work"; "Anyone can run fast repetitions and have a cup of tea and a doughnut after each repetition!"; "Keep going, keep going, keep going, until a little something inside you says, 'keep going'". Track side, at the 200m mark at BMC meetings he was heard to say, "If you can’t go faster than that, get off the track!"
Horwill was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2011 Birthday Honours for voluntary service to sport. Horwill died on 1 January 2012. He was 84.

</doc>
<doc id="19493171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493171" title="Tror du jeg er født i går!">
Tror du jeg er født i går!

Tror du jeg er født i går! is a 1941 Danish family film directed by Lau Lauritzen, Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks.

</doc>
<doc id="19493188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493188" title="Kebapche">
Kebapche

Kebapche (, plural кебапчета, "kebapcheta") is a Bulgarian dish of grilled minced meat with spices. The meat is shaped into an elongated cylindrical form, similar to a hot dog. Typically, a mix of pork and beef is used, although some recipes involve only pork. The preferred spices are black pepper, cumin and salt. Kebapche is a grilled food. It is never fried or baked.
Kebapche is essentially the Bulgarian equivalent of Serbian ćevapčići, but there are some noticeable differences: a single Bulgarian kebapche is much larger and better shaped than a ćevapčić. As a consequence, whereas ćevapčići are eaten in portions of 5–10, a standard meal of kebapcheta consists of 1–3. A typical addition to a kebapche meal are chips (French fries), often covered with grated sirene (fresh white cheese similar to feta); lyutenitsa is also a good side meal. The expression "a three kebapcheta with sides" (тройка кебапчета с гарнитура, "troika kebapcheta s garnitura") is particularly well-known. The preferred drink to go with a kebapche is beer.
The word "kebapche" is derived from "kebab", the name for a variety of Eastern meat dishes. "–che" is a diminutive Bulgarian neutral suffix, i.e. a "little kebab". A dish similar to kebapche and often combined with it is kyufte, which is often the same in terms of meat and spices but round-shaped. It often includes onions and parsley, which kebapche does not.

</doc>
<doc id="19493192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493192" title="Maria Garland">
Maria Garland


</doc>
<doc id="19493199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493199" title="Alsace-Lorraine B 1">
Alsace-Lorraine B 1

The steam locomotives of Alsace-Lorraine Class B 1 were procured by the Imperial Railways in Alsace-Lorraine in 1871. In 1906 they were reorganised into Class P 1.
History.
When Germany took over the railway network in Alsace-Lorraine following their victory in the Franco-Prussian War, there was a need to procure locomotives and coaches because the French had withdrawn all the railway stock. Originally the intent was to use the 12 locomotives (nos. 16 to 23) built by Strousberg to 'Strousberg norms' for the Halle-Sorau-Guben railway. They were no longer in service there, because the Reich railways purchased them immediately after their delivery. The locomotives were given the numbers 30 to 41 and christened with the names of various German rivers.
In 1906 the locomotives were renumbered as 501 to 512. In 1912, numbers 504 and 509 were again renumbered to 101 and 102. All other locomotives had already been retired by then. Locomotive 102 was still occasionally working in 1918 (as a so-called "Auswaschlokomotive") in the Mühlhausen area.
Design features.
The locomotives had an inside frame and the boiler had three shells, the rear one being crowned by the steam dome. The outer firebox had a Belpaire cover, a deep firebox that extended below the axles and a large smokebox. 
The locomotive had an outside, twin-cylinder wet steam engine and an inside Allan valve gear. The connecting rod drove the second coupled axle.
Springing of the coupled axles was achieved using overhung leaf springs. The spring elements were linked by equalising beams. On the carrying axles, transverse leaf springs were used.
The locomotives were later fitted with a Westinghouse compressed-air brake, a steam heating system, washout equipment, sand distributor and adjustable blastpipe. 
The tender had a horseshoe water tank and a second water container between the frame. That enabled it to carry up to 9 m³ of water.

</doc>
<doc id="19493215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493215" title="Siege of Alexandria (47 BC)">
Siege of Alexandria (47 BC)

The Siege of Alexandria was a series of skirmishes and battles occurring between the forces of Julius Caesar, Cleopatra VII, Arsinoe IV, and Ptolemy XIII, between 48 and 47 BC. During this time Caesar was engaged in the Civil War between himself and the forces of the Senate.
Prelude.
After the Battle of Pharsalus between the forces of Caesar and those of Gnaeus Pompey Magnus and the Senate the majority of the forces commanded by Pompey were scattered or surrendered to Caesar. Pompey however escaped via Amphipolis to Egypt. Pompey was killed upon landing in Egypt by Achillas and Lucius Septimius, former soldiers in his army. The assassination was carried out by the eunuch Pothinus and Theodotus of Chios, advisors of the Pharaoh Ptolemy who deemed that they could endear themselves to Caesar by removing his enemy Pompey.
Events.
Caesar was horrified at the murder of Pompey, and wept for his one-time ally and son-in-law. He demanded the money Ptolemy's father Ptolemy XII Auletes had been lent by Rome and agreed to settle the dispute between Ptolemy and his sister and co-regent Cleopatra VII. Caesar chose to favor Cleopatra over her brother.
Achillas subsequently joined Pothinus in resisting Caesar, and having had the command of the whole army entrusted to him by Pothinus, he marched against Alexandria with 20,000 on foot and 2,000 cavalry. Caesar, who was at Alexandria, did not have sufficient forces to oppose him, and sent ambassadors to negotiate with him. However, Achillas murdered the ambassadors to remove all hopes of reconciliation. He then marched into Alexandria and occupied most of the city. Meanwhile, Arsinoe, the younger sister of Ptolemy, escaped from Caesar and joined Achillas. In 47 BC, dissension broke out between them, and Arsinoe had Achillas put to death by Ganymedes, a eunuch to whom she then entrusted the command of the forces. Ganymedes initially enjoyed some success against Caesar, who had only the soldiers he had brought with him and a minor Italian militia left over from previous issues in 55 BC, but the leading Egyptian officers were soon dissatisfied with the eunuch. Under a pretext of wanting peace, they negotiated with Caesar to exchange Arsinoë for Ptolemy XIII, who was subsequently released only to continue the war. Relief for the Romans came from Mithridates of Pergamum and Antipater from Judea. A final pitched battle was fought on the west side of the Nile River with Caesar victorious and Ptolemy drowning while attempting to cross the river.
Aftermath.
Ptolemy's crown was passed to his younger brother Ptolemy XIV and Cleopatra as co-rulers. Caesar reportedly toured Egypt for two months with Cleopatra before renewing his activities in the civil war. Arsinoe was marched through Rome as a prisoner, banished to the Temple of Artemis in Ephesus, and later executed on the orders of Cleopatra and Mark Antony.

</doc>
<doc id="19493239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493239" title="Max Hansen (tenor)">
Max Hansen (tenor)

Biography.
Hansen was born Max Josef Haller in Mannheim, Imperial Germany as an illegitimate child to the Danish actress Eva Haller and a Jewish father, by other sources a Swedish Officer "Schürer von Waldheim". He grew up with foster-parents at Munich, where he first appeared at the "Cabaret Simplizissimus" at the age of 17. In 1914 he moved to Vienna and appeared in several smaller theatres as a singer and comedian.
In 1924, Hansen created the tenor role of Baron Kolomán Zsupán in "Gräfin Mariza" at Hubert Marischka's Theater an der Wien in Vienna. This production moved to the Metropoltheater in Berlin after 900 performances. In Berlin he founded the "Kabarett der Komiker" with Paul Morgan and Kurt Robitschek. Hansen was engaged by Max Reinhardt for his revival of Offenbach's "La belle Hélène" and by Erik Charell for his production of Lehar's "The Merry Widow". Hansen's greatest stage success was in creating the role of Leopold the waiter in Ralph Benatzky's operetta-musical "The White Horse Inn", a part he also undertook in Richard Oswald's 1926 silent movie.
In 1932, Hansen satirised Adolf Hitler as a homosexual with his song "War'n Sie schon mal in mich verliebt?" ("Have you ever been in love with me?"), which caused the bitter hate of the Nazis. In contrast, he also parodied the opera and operetta soprano Gitta Alpár (in drag) in a film recording dating from the same year. He returned to Vienna in 1933 and worked again at the Theater an der Wien. In 1936 he met Zarah Leander on a Scandinavian tour and engaged her as his stage partner at Vienna. After Austria was invaded by Germany in 1938, Hansen emigrated to Denmark, where he founded his own theater at Copenhagen.
In 1951 he returned to Germany and was successful once again singing the role of Leopold the waiter ("The White Horse Inn") in Hamburg and at Berlin's Theater am Nollendorfplatz. In 1953 Hansen moved back to Copenhagen, where he died in 1961.
Hansen was married to Austrian actress Lizzi Waldmüller and after 1939 to Britta Hansen. He had four children. His son Max Hansen Jr., born in 1954, is also an actor.
In 2004 the German director Douglas Wolfsperger portrayed Hansen in his documentary ""War'n Sie schon mal in mich verliebt?""

</doc>
<doc id="19493240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493240" title="Robert Edgcumbe, 8th Earl of Mount Edgcumbe">
Robert Edgcumbe, 8th Earl of Mount Edgcumbe

Robert Charles Edgcumbe, 8th Earl of Mount Edgcumbe (born 1 June 1939) is a New Zealand-British peer. 
Edgcumbe is the son of George Aubrey Valletort Edgcumbe and Meta Lhoyer. He married Joan Ivy Wall, daughter of Ernest Wall in 1960 and went on to have five daughters. They later divorced in 1988. The Earl is now living with Beryl Cottrell a former bar maid in his pub 'The Edgcumbe Arms' who is from Millbrook. He succeeded to his titles in 1982 and previously was an estate manager in New Zealand. Members of the Edgcumbe family have lived in New Zealand since the 1860s.
The current earl and his immediate predecessor both moved to Cornwall on succeeding to the title. The earl's family live in both New Zealand and Cornwall, where he lives in Empacombe House, Cornwall. The heir to the earldom, his half-brother Piers Valletort Edgcumbe, lives in New Zealand; Piers is the son of George Aubrey Valletort Edgcumbe and his second wife, Una Pamela George.
Estate.
The former home of the Edgcumbe family was Mount Edgcumbe House, Cornwall, overlooking Plymouth Sound, whilst an earlier seat of the family was Cotehele, also in Cornwall. The family owned the estate from 1354, when William de Eggecomb married Hillaria, daughter and heiress of William de Cotehele. In 1872 the Earl of Edgcumbe was the sixth largest landowner in Cornwall with .
Mount Edgcumbe house was completely gutted by incendiary bombs in 1941, but was rebuilt for the sixth earl, and was lived in by the Earls of Mount Edgcumbe until 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="19493244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493244" title="Sougeta">
Sougeta

Sougeta is a small town in central Guinea.
Transport.
It is served by a station of the Guinea Railways networks.

</doc>
<doc id="19493253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493253" title="Stach Stach">
Stach Stach

"Stach Stach" is 2002 song recorded by Michael Youn and his band Bratisla Boys. This humoristic song was released as first single from the album "Anthologigi", in April 2002. Entirely composed of onomatopoeics and meaningless words on a repetitive music, the song became a hit, topping the chart in France for almost four months.
Song information.
The song was first performed as a joke in the French TV show "Morning Live", hosted by Michaël Youn and his two friends and broadcast on M6. As it was well received by the public, it was recorded and eventually released as a single, and was sponsored by Fun Radio.
In a funny way, the song is supposed to having been recorded in a submarine while it was at 300 metres of deep. Dvorjak, Olaff and Piotr, who are indicated as writers and composers of the song, are actually the singers under a pseudonym. All three appear bare buttocks on the back of the single cover.
In France, the single was charted for 38 weeks on the chart (top 100) from April 20, 2002. It spent ten weeks atop, 21 weeks in the top ten and 31 weeks in the top 50. Certified Diamond, it is to date the 33rd best-selling single of all time in France.

</doc>
<doc id="19493267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493267" title="Tag til Rønneby Kro">
Tag til Rønneby Kro

Tag til Rønneby Kro is a 1941 Danish family film directed by Jon Iversen and Alice O'Fredericks.

</doc>
<doc id="19493268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493268" title="Knud Heglund">
Knud Heglund


</doc>
<doc id="19493270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493270" title="Zen Shorts">
Zen Shorts

Zen Shorts is a 2005 children's picture book by Jon J. Muth. The book was followed by "Zen Ties" in 2008.
Plot.
Three children, Karl, Michael and Addy, encounter a panda named Stillwater. The panda carries a red umbrella and speaks in a "slight panda accent". For the next three days, the three kids visit Stillwater. The panda rewards each with instructive anecdotes.
Reception.
Bruno Navasky, of "The New York Times", reviewed the book saying, "Muth attributes the third to a Taoist tradition, but for me it calls to mind most vividly the popular picture book "Fortunately," by Remy Charlip, with whom Muth has also worked. In any case, the cultural blurrings won't reduce the pleasure with which this book is received, and most children would surely vouchsafe Jon Muth the pleasure of a one-handed round of applause for his elegant tale." A Kirkus Reviews review says, "The Buddha lurks in the details here: Every word and image comes to make as perfect a picture book as can be." A Publishers Weekly review says, "Readers will fall easily into the rhythm of visits to Stillwater and his storytelling sessions, and many more will fall in love with the panda, whose shape and size offer the children many opportunities for cuddling."

</doc>
<doc id="19493280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493280" title="Fabio Onidi">
Fabio Onidi

Fabio Onidi (born 9 March 1988 in Milan) is a professional racing driver from Italy.
Career.
Karting.
Prior to starting his racing career, Onidi raced in karting for a number of years, finishing sixth in the European Championship ICA Junior category and winning the Italian Championship ICA Junior title in 2003.
Formula BMW.
Onidi began his single–seater career in 2004 in the Formula BMW ADAC series, as one of current Formula One driver Sebastian Vettel's team–mates at ADAC Berlin-Brandenburg e.V. He finished his debut season in eighth place with the highlight being a Pole position at Brno. He continued in the championship in 2005, switching to the Eifelland Racing team. He finished the season in 11th place despite missing three races during the year. Onidi also took part in the end–of–season Formula BMW World Final, held at the Bahrain International Circuit, but he retired from the event.
Formula Renault 2.0.
At the end of 2005, Onidi joined Fortec Motorsport to contest the British Formula Renault 2.0 Winter Series. He scored 20 points in the four races to finish 17th in the standings. He continued with the team into the main championship in 2006, finishing the season as the best rookie driver in 11th place.
In 2007, Onidi joined the Motorsport Arena team to contest both the Eurocup Formula Renault 2.0 and Formula Renault 2.0 Northern European Cup. He took a best finish of eighth place to finish 20th in the Eurocup standings, whilst in the Northern European Cup, he took podium places at both Zandvoort and Nürburgring to finish ninth in the championship, despite missing the last six races of the season.
In November 2007, Onidi took part in the four race Italian Formula Renault 2.0 Winter Series with RP Motorsport, taking two podiums to finish third in the standings. He finished level on points with the Cram Competition entry of Daniel Zampieri, but lost out on countback.
Euroseries 3000/Auto GP.
For 2008, Onidi moved up to the Euroseries 3000 championship with the GP Racing team. He won his debut race at Vallelunga and took a second victory at Valencia later in the season to finish runner–up in the championship behind Nicolas Prost. In the accompanying Italian Formula 3000 series, he also ended the year as runner–up, finishing a single point behind Durango's Colombian driver Omar Leal.
Onidi remained in the championship in 2009, moving to fellow Italian team Fisichella Motor Sport to partner Rodolfo González. He again took two victories during the season, at Portimão and Vallelunga, but despite leading the championship heading into the final round at Monza, he finished third in the standings, behind Marco Bonanomi and eventual champion Will Bratt.
Onidi continued in the series for a third season in 2010, when the championship was re–branded as Auto GP. He raced for Team Lazarus in a single–car team. After taking a podium at the first event in Brno, Onidi added a further three podium positions to finish the season in eighth place, level on points with Carlos Iaconelli, who took seventh place due to his three race wins. He remained with Lazarus for the 2011 and was joined by compatriot Fabrizio Crestani; the two proved evenly matched, finishing fifth and sixth in the championship with Onidi seven points ahead.
A1 Grand Prix.
Onidi made his A1 Grand Prix debut in October 2008, racing for A1 Team Italy at the first round of the 2008–09 season at Zandvoort in the Netherlands. Despite treacherous weather conditions, he finished seventh in the sprint race, although he retired from the feature race after a collision with the A1 Team South Africa car of Adrian Zaugg.
GP2 Series.
In the autumn of 2008, Onidi took part in GP2 Series testing at Paul Ricard, testing for BCN Competición, Piquet GP and Super Nova Racing, and a year later he tested for Coloni Motorsport at Jerez. He made his GP2 racing début in the non-championship 2011 season finale with the Super Nova team alongside Giacomo Ricci, and switched to the category full-time for the 2012 season with the Coloni team, where he was paired with Stefano Coletti. He finished 20th in the final championship standings.
Other series.
In April 2010, he drove for Tech 1 Racing in the final GP3 Series pre–season test held at the Circuit de Catalunya, and in October 2010 he sampled a Formula Renault 3.5 Series car for the first time, testing for Fortec Motorsport and ISR Racing at Motorland Aragón.
Racing record.
Career summary.
† – Team standings.
‡ – The team were known as FMS International until the second round of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="19493287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493287" title="Worldwide Day of Play">
Worldwide Day of Play

Worldwide Day of Play is an annual event designed to encourage children and parents to turn off the television and play, especially outdoors. The yearly event officially began on all US Nickelodeon channels: Nickelodeon, Nick GAS (until 2007), Noggin (now Nick Jr.), The N (now TeenNick), and NickToons on October 1, 2005. The event was first shown on October 2, 2004 on Nickelodeon. Some foreign versions of Nick also participated. The event is designed as a finale for Nick's six-month long Let's Just Play campaign. In addition, Nick.com would also have special features for children to learn how to stay active and healthy.
General purpose.
The event encourages children to think about getting away from the TV and being physically active. Schools and educational organizations have also been encouraged to host events around this theme.
As it has since 2004, Nickelodeon will suspend programming on WWDoP across all of its TV channels–Nickelodeon, Nick Jr., Nicktoons and TeenNick– and websites from 12 p.m. to 3 p.m. (ET/PT). urging kids to “get up, go outside and play.” According to Viacom, the owner of the Nickelodeon networks, millions of children and adults are expected to participate in "thousands of events in dozens of countries."
When the "Let's Just Play" campaign ended in September, Nickelodeon aired the finale during the last Saturday of September, the "Worldwide Day of Play". Nickelodeon and its sister channels suspend programming for three hours from 12 Noon to 3PM ET/PT. During the time there was no programming, a special message would appear on the screen. There was no "Let's Just Play" campaign in 2008, though the Day of Play was held that year.
New episodes of Nickelodeon series.
After Nickelodeon resumes airing, they usually air marathons and premieres of TEENick series, or "SpongeBob SquarePants". In 2007, "SpongeBob SquarePants", "Just Jordan", "Tak and the Power of Juju", "Zoey 101", "iCarly", "Back at the Barnyard" had new episodes. Following in 2008 was the season premiere of "iCarly" and the finale of "My Family's Got GUTS". Following in 2009 and 2010, "iCarly" and "True Jackson, VP", and "Big Time Rush" had new episodes. Later followed in 2011, new episodes of "iCarly" "Big Time Rush" and "Supah Ninjas" aired. In 2012, before the Worldwide Day of Play begin, new episodes of "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" and "" aired as well with an hour-long final season premiere of "iCarly" later that night. For 2013, new episodes of "Sanjay and Craig" and "Rabbids Invasion" aired prior to the event, while premieres of "Sam & Cat" and "The Haunted Hathaways" were shown that evening.
Appearances.
Special appearances were arranged for the Worldwide Day of Play. Guests were included: Victoria Justice, Isabella Collins, Kyle Swann, Jeff Sutphen, Nathan Kress, Jennette McCurdy, Miranda Cosgrove, Keke Palmer and Barack Obama's first lady Michelle Obama. Some of the guests were included of its cast from original Nickelodeon shows including and Big Time Rush.

</doc>
<doc id="19493310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493310" title="Robert Schmidt (actor)">
Robert Schmidt (actor)

Robert Henrik Schmidt (24 April 1882 - 17 November 1941) was a Danish stage and film actor of the silent period and early sound period in Denmark.
His last film was in 1933 in the George Schnéevoigt directed film "De blaa drenge" in which he starred alongside Liva Weel.

</doc>
<doc id="19493321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493321" title="Samuel Scheimann">
Samuel Scheimann

Samuel Scheimann (; born 3 November 1987) is an Israeli international footballer player who plays professionally for Maccabi Haifa in the Israeli Premier League, as a left back. He formerly played for Feyenoord, NAC Breda, Kozakken Boys, FC Den Bosch and SBV Excelsior.
Early life.
Samuel Scheimann was born in Afula, Israel to a Jewish family and immigrated to the Netherlands with his family at the age of five.
Playing career.
Scheimann started playing football in the youth system of Feyenoord. In 2003, Scheimann joined the youth system of NAC Breda. At age 18, he represented the Netherlands at the 2005 Maccabiah Games in football. Shortly thereafter, Scheimann was invited by Maccabi Tel Aviv for trials but did not receive a contract. Scheimann returned to the Netherlands and signed a 2-year contract with Kozakken Boys. After an extensive trial at Jong AFC Ajax, coach Aron Winter wanted to sign Scheimann in 2008, but Martin van Geel vetoed the signing. On 11 April 2008 he signed with FC Den Bosch from Kozakken Boys after rejecting an offer from Feyenoord because he wanted first team action. Scheimann was voted 'Player of the Year' in his first season with Den Bosch.
After the 2010-11 Eerste Divisie season ended, Scheimann left Den Bosch as a free agent. He joined Eredivisie club Excelsior Rotterdam on a two-year contract until July 2013.
Scheimann made his debut for Excelsior in a 2-0 loss against Feyenoord on August 5, 2011, playing 90 minutes.
International career.
On 16 May 2012, Scheimann received his first call up to the Israeli national team. He made his international debut later that year.

</doc>
<doc id="19493333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493333" title="Kim Jong-Dae">
Kim Jong-Dae

Kim Jong-Dae (born on October 21, 1981) is a male freestyle wrestler from South Korea.He participated in Men's freestyle 60 kg at 2008 Summer Olympics losing in the 1/8 of final with Murad Ramazanov.

</doc>
<doc id="19493334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493334" title="VPSA">
VPSA

VPSA may stand for:

</doc>
<doc id="19493348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493348" title="Frøken Kirkemus">
Frøken Kirkemus

Frøken Kirkemus is a 1941 Danish family film directed by Lau Lauritzen, Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks. 

</doc>
<doc id="19493358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493358" title="Svend Bille">
Svend Bille


</doc>
<doc id="19493359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493359" title="Psilocybe liniformans var. americana">
Psilocybe liniformans var. americana

"Psilocybe liniformans" var. "americana", is a psilocybin mushroom of the Agaricales family, in the section Semilanceatae, having psilocybin as its main active compound.
Habitat and formation.
"Psilocybe liniformans" var. "americana" is found scattered to gregarious in rich pastures or grasslands, fruiting from summer to early winter. It has been collected in Washington, Oregon, and Michigan, and has also been reported from Chile where it fruits in the spring.
This mushroom is very close to the type variety; the main difference is the lack of a gelatinous layer on the edge of the lamellae and the terricolous habitat.

</doc>
<doc id="19493364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493364" title="Everyone (Van Morrison song)">
Everyone (Van Morrison song)

"Everyone" is the penultimate track on Van Morrison's 1970 album "Moondance".
The song is the fastest on the album. It is in 12/8 time and features more prominent acoustic guitar than other tracks on "Moondance" where the piano is the main instrument. A notable feature of the intro is a clavinet. A hard but sparse drumbeat is offset by a melody played on the flute throughout the song, including a solo after the second chorus.
Morrison has said "'Everyone is just a song of hope, that's what that is."
The song was used for the final shot of the film "The Royal Tenenbaums", but did not appear on any of the film's soundtrack releases.

</doc>
<doc id="19493366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493366" title="Francis Fessenden">
Francis Fessenden

Francis Fessenden (March 18, 1839 – January 6, 1907) was a lawyer, politician, and soldier from the state of Maine who served as a general in the Union Army during the American Civil War. He was a member of the powerful Fessenden family, which was prominent in national politics during the mid-19th century.
Early life and career.
Francis Fessenden was born in Portland, Maine, in the spring of 1839. He was the son of U.S. Senator William P. Fessenden and a brother of James Deering Fessenden, who would also serve as a general in the Union army. Another brother, Samuel, would be killed at the Second Battle of Manassas during the war. Two uncles, Samuel C. Fessenden and T. A. D. Fessenden were U.S. Congressmen.
He was educated in the local schools and then graduated from Bowdoin College in 1858. He studied law at the Harvard Law School, passed his bar exam, and joined his father's law firm.
Civil War.
Following the outbreak of the Civil War, Fessenden received a commission as a captain in the Regular Army in the newly raised 19th U.S. Infantry on May 14, 1861. He spent much of the year as a recruiting officer, helping raise additional troops.
In January 1862, he assumed duties as a line officer in the Army of the Cumberland in Tennessee and was severely wounded at the April 1862 Battle of Shiloh. He became the colonel of the 25th Maine Infantry and commanded a brigade as part of the 22nd Army Corps in the defenses of Washington, D.C.. He was married that year to Ellen Winslow, a daughter of Edward Fox of Portland.
In July 1863, his term of enlistment in the volunteer Union army expired and he reverted to his rank of captain of the 19th U.S. Infantry in the Regular Army. In September, Fessenden was appointed as the colonel of the 30th Maine Veteran Infantry.
On May 10, 1864, he was promoted to the rank of brigadier general and served later that year in command of a brigade in the army of Nathaniel P. Banks in the Red River Campaign. He saw action in several battles in that campaign, including Sabine Crossroads, Pleasant Hill, and Monet's Ferry, where he led a major assault in which he suffered a severe leg wound that necessitated amputation. After convalescing, he was assigned to administrative duty for the rest of the war, commanding various garrisons and supply trains.
Postbellum career.
Following the end of the war, Fessenden stayed in the army. He served on the military commission that oversaw the war crimes trial of Henry Wirz, who was executed for his controversial actions while commanding the Andersonville Prison in Georgia. He also served as the president of a military court of inquiry. He was promoted to major general of volunteers on November 19, 1865, and assigned command of the 1st Division of the Department of West Virginia. He was subsequently assigned to the 1st Veteran Corps.
He served in the Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen and Abandoned Lands in 1866. He declined an appointment as the lieutenant colonel of the 45th U.S. Infantry in August 1866. Later that year, he was transferred to the 28th U.S. Infantry during the sweeping reorganization of the army. He retired from the Regular Army on November 1, 1866 with the rank of brigadier general. Fessenden then returned home to Portland and resumed his legal career. He was elected as the city's mayor in 1876. He was a Republican. He wrote a biography of his father, "The Life and Services of William Pitt Fessenden", which was published in 1907.
He was a Companion of the First Class of the Maine Commandery of the Military Order of the Loyal Legion of the United States - a military society for officers who has served the Union during the Civil War. On October 28, 1881 he was elected commander of the Maine Commandery.
Francis Fessenden died in Portland, where he is buried in Evergreen Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="19493371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493371" title="Lachlan Buchanan">
Lachlan Buchanan

Lachlan Buchanan (born 25 April 1990) is an Australian actor.
Biography.
Lachlan Buchanan was born in Australia in 1990 growing up in Maleny.
Lachlan Buchanan attended Maleny State School and Matthew Flinders Anglican College.
Buchanan acted in soap operas such as "Home and Away". He has also acted in several films, with support roles in "Arcadia Lost" and "All My Friends Are Leaving Brisbane"; and as a lead in "Newcastle".
Buchanan played Scott Mitchell in the first CMT sitcom "Working Class", which premiered in January 2011.
He is an experienced surfer, and did half his surfing scenes in "Newcastle" himself. He is fluent in French.
As of 2010, he is based in Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="19493396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493396" title="ErokIT">
ErokIT

ErokIT (pronounced ""E-Rocket"") is a motorized bicycle that can operate at motorcycle like speeds. It was launched on 27 September 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19493406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493406" title="Mekitsa">
Mekitsa

Mekitsa (, also transliterated as "mekica" or "mekitza"; plural "mekici", "mekitsi", "mekitzi") is a traditional Bulgarian dish made of kneaded dough made with yogurt that is deep fried. They are made with flour, eggs, yogurt, a leavening agent, water, salt, and oil, and are traditionally served with jam or white cheese (sirene). At breakfast, they are eaten with sugar or honey, and can also be eaten with yogurt. They are similar to Hungarian lángos.
Mekitsa is conventionally a breakfast dish and is inherently similar to Hungarian lángos and Albanian petulla.
After the dough rises, it is torn into small balls, spread into circles and fried in fat. In some recipes, yeast, bread soda, milk or yogurt might be used. A recipe from Silistra involves yogurt and bread soda, one from a village near Stara Zagora uses yeast and yogurt, and a recipe from Aytos suggests yeast and milk. It is recommended that the shaping of mekitsi before their frying be done with wet hands.
When served, mekitsa is often powdered with icing sugar or garnished with jam or sirene (white cheese). Unlike Hungarian lángos, mekitsa is not served with mayonnaise or ketchup and is not so richly garnished.
The name is derived from the Bulgarian root "mek" ("soft"), referring to the dish's texture. "–itsa" is a Slavic feminine suffix.

</doc>
<doc id="19493420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493420" title="Frk. Vildkat">
Frk. Vildkat

Frk. Vildkat is a 1942 Danish family film directed by Lau Lauritzen, Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks. 

</doc>
<doc id="19493431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493431" title="Domenico Pignatelli di Belmonte">
Domenico Pignatelli di Belmonte

Domenico Pignatelli di Belmonte (November 19, 1730 – February 5, 1803) was an Italian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church. 
Prince Don Domenico Pignatelli di Belmonte was born on November 19, 1730 in Naples, Italy, the son of Princess Donna Anna Francesca, Princess of Belmonte in her own right and 1st Princess of the Holy Roman Empire (since 1726) by marriage. She was daughter and heiress of the 5th Prince, and as such was a Grandee of Spain 1st Class, 5th Duchess of Acerenza, 8th Marchioness of Galatone, 5th Countess of Copertino, 7th Baroness of Badolato, Signore di Veglie, Leverano, San Cosimo etc. Prince Don Domenico Pignatelli di Belmonte's father was Prince Don (Giuseppe) Antonio Pignatelli y Aymerich, who was also 2nd Marquess of San Vicente and 3rd Marquess of Argençola, and General of the Imperial Cavalry. He was General Commander of the Austrian Army at the Battle of Bitonto in 1734, during the War of Polish Succession, and was created a Knight of the Golden Fleece (Ritter des Orden vom Goldenen Vlies) in 1735, a Knight of the Order of Santiago (Orden de Santiago) and a Knight of the Illustrious Royal Order of St. Januarius (L'Insigne Reale Ordine di San Gennaro) (both in 1765). 
Domenico Pignatelli di Belmonte's aunt on his father's side, Doña Marianna, Countess of Althann, was lady in waiting to the Empress Elizabeth, consort of Emperor Charles VI and the mother of Empress Maria Theresa of Austria.
Domenico Pignatelli di Belmonte was ordained priest as a member of the Congregation of Clerks Regular of the Divine Providence (The Theatines), as Father Domenico Pignatelli on 22 September 1753. He was appointed Lector of Sacred Canons in the House of Studies of SS. Apostoli, Naples, on 12 December 1755. Thereafter he was appointed, variously, Secretary to the Superior General, Superior of SS. Apostoli, Procurator General, and Co-Adjustor to Father Antonio Francesco Vezzosi, the Superior General of the Theatine Order, on 31 May 1774. He was himself appointed Superior General on 22 April 1777. He was appointed as Examiner of those appointed to Ecclesiastical Chairs. 
In his Episcopate, he was elected Bishop of Caserta and chosen as Assistant at the Pontifical Throne on 25 February 1782, being consecrated Bishop on 3 March 1782 in Rome, at the church of San Silvestro al Monte, by Cardinal Innocenzo Conti, Secretary of the Chancery of Apostolic Briefs, assisted by Girolamo Volpi, Titular Archbishop of Neocesarea, and by François de Pierre de Bernis, Titular Bishop of Apollonia, Vicar General of Albi. Bishop Domenico was General of the Congregation of Clerks Regular of the Divine Providence (The Theatines). He was promoted to the Metropolitan See of Palermo and Monreale on 29 March 1802, and received the pallium on the same day. He was Viceroy of Sicily, 1802-1803 (styled as 'President of the Kingdom and Captain General'), during the brief reign of King Ferdinand IV. He was created a Cardinal Priest in the consistory of 9 August 1802, and received the red biretta on 5 December 1802, in the chapel of the Seminary of Palermo. He was created a cardinal in place of Paulo Luis Silva, assessor of the Supreme Sacred Congregation of the Roman and Universal Inquisition, who had been created and reserved In pectore in the consistory of 23 February 1801 and died before his name was published. 
Cardinal Domenico was Grand Prior of the Sacred Military Constantinian Order of Saint George, and held the rank of Knight Grand Cross of that Order. He was Knighted in the Illustrious Royal Order of St. Januarius (L'Insigne Reale Ordine di San Gennaro).
Cardinal Domenico died of gout before receiving the red hat and title of his cardinalate, and was buried in the church of the Congregation of Clerks Regular of the Divine Providence (The Theatines), in Palermo.

</doc>
<doc id="19493432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493432" title="Mary Tiles">
Mary Tiles

Mary Tiles (born 1946) is a philosopher and historian of mathematics and science. she is professor and chair in the philosophy department of the University of Hawaii at Manoa.
Life.
At Bristol University Tiles obtained her B.A. in philosophy and mathematics 1967 and her Ph.D. in philosophy 1973, followed by a B.Phil. in philosophy 1974 at Oxford and a M.A. 1978 at Cambridge. After positions as lecturer and visiting associate professor at different institution, Tiles became associate professor of philosophy at University of Hawaii at Manoa in 1989 and full professor 1992.
Work.
Tiles' area of work is primarily philosophy and history of logic, mathematics and science, with a special emphasis on French contributions to this area, e.g. by Gaston Bachelard, Georges Canguilhem, Bruno Latour, 
Michel Foucault, Pierre Bourdieu, Michel Serres, Jean-Claude Martzloff, Karine Chemla, Catherine Jami, and François Jullien.
Arguably her best-known publication is the 1989 book "The Philosophy of Set Theory: An Introduction to Cantor's Paradise". Despite some criticisms, for its lack of technical detail and correctness, and for pressing the author's philosophical agenda on its readers, it can be considered as a standard textbook for non-mathematicians.

</doc>
<doc id="19493434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493434" title="Iron Pot">
Iron Pot

Iron Pot is a small flat sandstone island with an area of 1.27 ha in south-eastern Australia. It is part of the Betsey Island Group, lying close to the south-eastern coast of Tasmania around the entrance to the River Derwent. It is the site of Iron Pot Lighthouse Tasmania’s first lighthouse.
Flora and fauna.
The vegetation is dominated by boxthorn and lupins. Recorded breeding seabird and wader species are Little Penguin, Pacific Gull, Silver Gull, Pied Oystercatcher and Black-faced Cormorant.

</doc>
<doc id="19493453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493453" title="Greg Janicki">
Greg Janicki

Gregory Janicki (born July 9, 1984) is an American soccer player currently playing for San Antonio Scorpions in the North American Soccer League.
Career.
Youth and college.
Born in Rochester, Michigan, Janicki attended Anchor Bay High School, where he recorded a school soccer record of 74 goals and 32 assists in three seasons. As a senior, he placed third in the voting for Michigan's Mr. Soccer Award.
Janicki played college soccer for Michigan State University, playing 61 matches over four seasons. During his senior year, Janicki played in eighteen games, tallying two goals and an assist, and was named as a second-team member of the NSCAA/adidas All-Great Lakes Region team, and to the All-Big Ten First Team. During his college years, Janicki also played in the USL Premier Development League for both Michigan Bucks and West Michigan Edge.
Professional.
Janicki signed his first professional contract in 2008, playing in the USL Second Division for Pittsburgh Riverhounds. Janicki appeared in 14 games for the Hounds, registering one assist. Following the conclusion of the 2008 USL-2 season, Janicki was loaned to D.C. United of Major League Soccer for the remainder of the year and signed to a developmental contract with D.C. United. He made his debut for the team on October 1, 2008, in a group stage match of the CONCACAF Champions League 2008–09 game against Mexican side Cruz Azul. He appeared in three league games and five Champions League matches in 2008, after which he was signed to a senior contract.
Janicki was waived by D.C. United at the end of the 2009 MLS season. 
On December 23, 2009, Janicki signed a one year contract with Vancouver Whitecaps of the USSF Division 2 Professional League.
On December 10, 2010, it was announced that Janicki would remain with Vancouver Whitecaps FC as the club made the jump to MLS. He stayed with Vancouver for the 2011 MLS season but the club declined his contract option for 2012. Janicki entered the 2011 MLS Re-Entry Draft and became a free agent after he was not selected.
On December 14, 2011, it was announced that Janicki signed with the expansion San Antonio Scorpions of the North American Soccer League for the 2012 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19493460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493460" title="Frederik Jensen">
Frederik Jensen

Frederik Jensen (25 June 1863 - 14 February 1934) was a Danish stage and film actor.
He was involved in stage throughout much of his career, appearing in films during his final years.

</doc>
<doc id="19493469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493469" title="Sony Ericsson K770">
Sony Ericsson K770

The Sony Ericsson K770i, was launched by 3 (in the UK) in 2008 in association with girl band Sugababes.
It is a mid-range mobile phone, and successor to the (then) still manufactured K750. As of mid-2009, it has not been directly succeeded in the Sony Ericsson model range, and the price has sustained at around £100 ($190).
Design.
The K770i is a candybar style phone that weighs 95 grams (3.35 ounces). It has the 'dual-front' design common to most Sony Ericsson mobile phones since the T610, with the back of the mobile phone designed like a digital camera and intended to be held sideways to take photographs. The K770i is available in six distinct colours: black, metallic pink, truffle brown, ultra violet, henna bronze and sandy beige. The central joystick button is used for selecting options and navigating menus, with the "C" button as an 'undo' or 'delete' button, and the arrow-labelled button as a 'return' or 'back' button. The two buttons labelled by white horizontal lines, known as 'hotkeys' or 'soft keys' perform the function of making binary decisions, labelled on the phone's display. The button in between the right 'soft key' and the "C" button acts as a shortcut key, which brings up a user-customisable shortcut menu when pressed. The button in between the left 'soft key' and the 'back' button acts as a shortcut key, which opens the home page in the browser. The on/off button is located on the top of the phone.
On the left hand side of the phone is the connection port for the supplied USB cable which is available to upload photos and other digital files to computers.
On the right-hand side of the phone there are three keys - two for controlling volume (when in audio mode), skipping through tracks in the Media Player and zooming in and out when in camera mode after the photograph has been taken. The included handsfree headset is also required to listen to the radio since it functions as the antenna.
Connectivity.
The phone can also be used as a modem via Bluetooth or USB . According to the o2 website, one of the largest mobile phones providers in the United Kingdom, the K770 has a talk time battery life of 16 hours and a standby time battery life of 384 hours.

</doc>
<doc id="19493470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493470" title="Typhoon Ofel">
Typhoon Ofel

Typhoon Ofel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19493490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493490" title="Iridium(V) fluoride">
Iridium(V) fluoride

Iridium(V) fluoride, IrF5, is a chemical compound of iridium and fluorine, first described by Neil Bartlett in 1965. A highly reactive yellow low melting solid, it has a tetrameric structure, Ir4F20, which contains octahedrally coordinated iridium atoms. This structure is shared with RuF5 and OsF5. It can be prepared by the controlled decomposition of IrF6or the reduction of IrF6 with silicon powder or H2 in anhydrous HF.

</doc>
<doc id="19493493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493493" title="2004 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships – Singles">
2004 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships – Singles

Andre Agassi was the defending champion but did not compete that year.
Tommy Haas won in the final 6–3, 6–4 against Andy Roddick.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="19493496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493496" title="Poul Reumert">
Poul Reumert

Poul Reumert (26 March 1883 - 19 April 1968) was a Danish stage and film actor.

</doc>
<doc id="19493506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493506" title="Edwin Le Grice">
Edwin Le Grice

The Very Reverend (Frederick) Edwin Le Grice was an eminent Anglican priest in the latter part of the 20th century.
He was born on 14 December 1911 at Harleston, Norfolk and educated at Queens' College, Cambridge. Ordained in 1936 he began his career with curacies in Leeds and Paignton. Subsequently Vicar of Totteridge he was then appointed a Canon Residentiary of St Albans Cathedral, a post he held until his appointment as Dean of Ripon in 1968. He retired in 1984 after 16 years in post and died on 25 June 1992 at Ripon.
A large stained glass window in the Cathedral is dedicated to Edwin Le Grice. It features medieval stained glass found when the Cathedral was being restored and a line of one of his poems, "Surround us with your symphony of praise, God's messengers of light.'

</doc>
<doc id="19493519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493519" title="Tyrannens fald">
Tyrannens fald

Tyrannens fald is a 1942 Danish family film directed by Jon Iversen and Alice O'Fredericks.

</doc>
<doc id="19493524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493524" title="Knud Rex">
Knud Rex

Knud Rex (30 March 1912 - 24 December 1968) was a Danish stage and film actor.

</doc>
<doc id="19493531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493531" title="David Friedgood">
David Friedgood

David Friedgood (born 11 July 1946, Cape Town) is a South African–British chess master.
He won South African Chess Championship in 1967, 1971 and 1973. He shared 7th at Caorle 1972 (zonal).
Friedgood represented South Africa in Chess Olympiads at Tel Aviv 1964, Lugano 1968, Siegen 1970, and Nice 1974. He won individual gold medal on fourth board at Tel Aviv 1964 (final D). 
He played with John Nunn and Jonathan Mestel for United Kingdom in the 28th World Chess Solving Championship at Halkidiki 2004, and won team silver medal.

</doc>
<doc id="19493532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493532" title="Greenbelt (Ayala Center)">
Greenbelt (Ayala Center)

Greenbelt is a shopping mall located at Ayala Center, Makati City, Metro Manila, Philippines which is just near Glorietta and SM Makati. It is owned by Ayala Malls, a real-estate subsidiary of Ayala Land, which is an affiliate of Ayala Corporation. It opened in the 1980s and it is one of Ayala Corporation's flagship projects. The mall offers a mix of high-end retail shops, restaurants, amenities, leisure and entertainment in the Philippines. Currently, the mall has five sections, two are indoor buildings and the other two buildings are open-air shopping. The most recent addition, Greenbelt 5, opened in 2007.
History.
Built around a retail complex, it was renovated in 2001 and re-opened as Greenbelt 1, 2 and 3 in 2002, with 4 and 5 opening in 2004 and 2007, respectively.
Facilities.
Retail shops.
Greenbelt 1 features mostly appliance stores like ACE Hardware. Greenbelt 3 features a mix of international brands such as Calvin Klein, Celio, Diesel S.p.A., Hermès, Kate Spade, Kenneth Cole, Lacoste, Mexx, Nine West, Topman, Topshop, among others. Greenbelt 4 features high-end boutiques such as Burberry, Bottega Veneta, Bulgari, Charriol, Emporio Armani, Gucci, Hugo Boss, Jimmy Choo, Louis Vuitton, Marc Jacobs, Prada, Salvatore Ferragamo, and Tod's; while boutiques of Filipino designers, high-end department store Adora, and boutiques of Aldo, Anne Klein, Audemars Piguet, Balenciaga, Bally, Banana Republic, Bang & Olufsen, Bóboli, Chopard, Crocs, DKNY, Escada, International Watch Company, Jaeger-LeCoultre, Juicy Couture, Kenneth Cole, Liz Claiborne, Lucky Brand Jeans, Marc by Marc Jacobs, Marks & Spencer, Massimo Dutti, Michael Kors, Miss Selfridge, Panerai, Patek Philippe, Paul Smith, Rolex, Sergio Rossi (opening soon), St. John, Tommy Hilfiger, Tory Burch, Yves Saint Laurent and Zara, among others, can be found in Greenbelt 5.
Restaurants.
Restaurants can be found in Greenbelts 1, 2, 3, and 5, with Greenbelt 1 being concentrated more on fast-food, while Greenbelts 2, 3, and 5 feature sit-down restaurants.

</doc>
<doc id="19493539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493539" title="Bruce Abdoulaye">
Bruce Abdoulaye

Bruce Abdoulaye (born April 15, 1982 in Château-Thierry), married, 2 children is a French-Congolese football player who is currently playing for Inter Baku. He left FC Metz to live and play the football in Azerbaidjan with his wife and his daughters Louane and Lola.
He is a dominant right back, known for his ruthless approach and rash tackling. In the recent game in the Europa League against IFK Mariehamn he was responsible for severely injuring two opposing players.
Club career.
Abdoulaye has spent most of his career in the French Ligue 1 and 2. He signed for Clermont Foot in 2006 and played in 114 competitive games.
In the summer of 2012, Abdoulaye joined Azerbaijan Premier League side Inter Baku.
International career.
Bruce Abdoulaye carries a France and Congo passport. Able to play for either, he chose to play for the Congo National Team since 2006

</doc>
<doc id="19493540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493540" title="Real to Reel">
Real to Reel

Real to Reel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19493546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493546" title="Muridke">
Muridke

Muridke (), is a major commercial city and headquarters of Muridke Tehsil in Shaikhupur District in Punjab, Pakistan. It is situated near the city of Lahore, Pakistan at an elevation of 205 m (675 ft) and is situated on the famous Grand Trunk Road and at the crossroads to Shaikhupur, Gujranwala, Narang Mandi and Narowal. The economic and social life of the city, which has three police stations and a rail station, mainly depends on Lahore. 
In 2005 Muridke became the headquarters of the newly created Muridke Tehsil of Sheikhupura District.
The main offices of the banned Lashkar-e-Taiba and Markaz Ad-Dawa-wal-Irshad groups are located in Muridke, and in November 1999 three bombs exploded during a gathering of members, killing one and injuring 26 others.

</doc>
<doc id="19493548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493548" title="Henry Nielsen">
Henry Nielsen

Henry Nielsen (1 November 1890 - 12 May 1967) was a Danish stage and film actor.

</doc>
<doc id="19493566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493566" title="Moshe Efrati">
Moshe Efrati

Moshe Efrati (Hebrew: משה אפרתי) is an Israeli choreographer, and founder and artistic director of the Kol Demama Dance Company, based in Tel Aviv. His works have been performed in prime venues around the world.
Efrati worked with the former president of Israel, Yitzhak Navon, setting his words to dance with music, for Israel’s 1982 celebration of the 25th anniversary of the retaking of Jerusalem. Kol Demema means sound silence in Hebrew. The company is notable as including hearing impaired dancers. 
Awards.
In 1996, Efrati was awarded the Israel Prize, for stage arts - dance. 
Kol Demama.
Efrati began working with deaf dancers in 1967, then formed Kol Demama, integrating ten dancers hearing impairment together with and ten dancers without. Efrati cues the hearing impaired dancers by pounding a board on the floor or a dancer stomping on the floor, creating a vibration that can be picked up by the dancers feet, similar to theories of an elephant hearing via vibrations perceived through its feet. Nijinsky is said to have used this method to cue his dancers for Stravinsky’s The Rite of Spring, as the rhythms were too complex for Nijinsky’s dancers to follow. The dancers also get their cues from the vibration of bass notes in the music, eye contact, touch, movement of others, and lighting cues, all woven into the choreography. Kol Demama has a Tel Aviv school for dancers, teaching several hundred young dancers each year. Efrati intends Kol Demama to be judged on artistic grounds, ""I am neither a social worker nor therapist, I am a dance creator."" 
Style.
Efrati was an original member of the Batsheva Dance company founded with Martha Graham's assistance by the Baroness Bethsabee de Rothschild. Efrati blends strictly formal and classical ballet choreographic vocabulary with free-form contemporary dance. He draws inspiration from diverse influences ranging from Kafka's "The Metamorphosis" and Samuel Beckett's surrealism to the Old Testament and Jewish poets of Muslim Spain His dance is set to music ranging from traditional early Spanish rhythms to contemporary electronic music..
Critical acclaim.
"This is what true choreography is all about” – New York Times.

</doc>
<doc id="19493583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493583" title="The Burning Question">
The Burning Question

The Burning Question () is a 1943 Danish drama films directed by Alice O'Fredericks and starring Poul Reumert and Grethe Holmer. Based upon the Thit Jensen's stage play, the film places serious focus on abortion and its consequences. It was one of the first Danish films to highlight the issue of women and women's rights.

</doc>
<doc id="19493593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493593" title="Helle Virkner">
Helle Virkner

Helle Genie Virkner (15 September 1925 – 10 June 2009) was a Danish actress.
Personal life.
Born to Morris Lotinga and his wife, Ellen Larsine (née Rasmussen). Virkner was married three times, but all of them ended in divorce. She had two children by her third husband, the former Danish Prime Minister Jens Otto Krag. 
Career.
Virkner's career began in 1944, and two years later she appeared at the Royal Theatre. She eventually left her mark on the acting scene in a string of popular films and television series, including a significant role as Elisabeth Friis in the Danish TV series Matador. Her career ended in 2003.
Death.
She died at her home in the Copenhagen suburb of Charlottenlund, from cancer, aged 83.

</doc>
<doc id="19493599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493599" title="Corpus Christi Catholic High School, Wollongong">
Corpus Christi Catholic High School, Wollongong

Corpus Christi Catholic High School (CCCHS) is a Catholic co-educational school located in Oak Flats, New South Wales, Australia. Founded in 2006, the school is operated by the Wollongong Catholic Education Office in its service of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Wollongong. The school is registered by the NSW Board of Studies as an accredited years 7 to 12 high school.
The school was designed Glanville Architects and built by One Build, Wide Form, and funded by the Australian Commonwealth and NSW governments and Catholic Authorities.
Learning Circle Program.
Since the School's inception in 2006 the Students at Corpus Christi have been a part of a Learning Circle Program to enhance their experience at the School. Learning Circles are split up into stages. Stage 4 Learning Circles consist of Year 7 and 8 Students. Stage 5 Learning Circles consist of Year 9 and 10 students and Stage 6 Learning Circles consist only of Year 11 or Year 12 students, Students in this phase of learning are paired with Learning Advisors that can help them most in their course areas. From 2006-2009 Learning Circles were picked at random and students were put into Learning Circles in no real order. More often then not, in Year 7 in particular students would not be with their Primary School Counterparts. In 2010 the organisation of the Learning Circles became much better when each colour house was designated a House Leader and Students would be put into their Learning Circle according to their House Colour. Prior to this the House Colours were used only for sporting events but now they play a big part in the life of the school. From 2012 and beyond each House has expanded in Learning Circles due to the number of students who will be in the School.
Technology.
CCCHS has a 1 to 1 laptop program. All students and staff utilise their computers in a wireless environment and seamlessly integrate learning technology in a meaningful way. The CLE Reconciliation students worked on videos integrating PDHPE and RE. The school has developed a full co-curricular program focused on developing learning and skills of participants.
Recognition.
In 2007, CCCHS was named an Apple School of Excellence by Apple Australia. Staff and students presented their innovative approach to integration at the 2007 ACEL conference held in Sydney in a session entitled "Digging Deeper: Designing a CLE". In 2008 CCCHS principal & staff received an Innovative Education award from the Australian College of Educations.
CCCHS has participated in the regional science fair and was highly commended in the 2007 Australian ANZAC Day awards.
Elizabeth Carnegie worked at Corpus Christi Catholic High School. Her work is primarily to foster innovative pedagogy and the integration of Religion and Gospel Values into curriculum. She contributed to the Oxford Studies of Religion textbook and the Heinemann Study Guide.

</doc>
<doc id="19493614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493614" title="Alex Pelaez">
Alex Pelaez

Alejandro "Alex" Pelaez (born April 6, 1976 in San Diego, California) is a former Major League Baseball player. Pelaez played in three games for the San Diego Padres in the season. He had two hits in eight at-bats. 
He was drafted by the Padres in the 42nd round of the 1998 amateur draft.
Pelaez is currently the hitting coach for the Billings Mustangs, a farm club affiliate of the Cincinnati Reds in the Pioneer League.

</doc>
<doc id="19493634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493634" title="Goldie Behl">
Goldie Behl

Goldie Behl is an Indian film maker.
Career.
A student of Mayo College, Behl trained within the Bombay Film Industry,born in 1975. In 2001, he made his directorial debut with the film "Bas Itna Sa Khwab Hai" (That’s All I Dream of) starring Abhishek Bachchan, Rani Mukherji, Sushmita Sen and Jackie Shroff. Behl then co-founded Rose-audiovisuals which has released shows such as Lipstick, Remix and Kabhi Haan Kabhi Na on Indian television network. Drona was his second film, an ambitious project, with fantasy-action and stylized special effects amalgamating Indian mythology with pure fantasy, and fusing a contemporary storyline. It starred Abhishek Bachchan and Priyanka Chopra.
Personal life.
Goldie is the son of director Ramesh Behl. He married film actress Sonali Bendre on 12 November 2002.He has a sister Shrishti Arya who is into software production and has coproduced many films with her brother.

</doc>
<doc id="19493646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493646" title="Ladislas Douniama">
Ladislas Douniama

Ladislas Douniama (born May 24, 1986 in Brazzaville) is a French-Congolese football player who is currently playing EA Guingamp.
Career.
After one year for Lille OSC in the club's reserve side, the 24-year old forward left on 10 June 2010 to sign for two years with Ligue 2 club EA Guingamp. 
After a rapide passage, in 2012, with FC Lorient. and AC Arles-Avignon (loan), Douniama signed, in 2013, a new contract for EA Guingamp, and greatly contributes, that year, to rise the club in Ligue 1 .
International career.
His first international games was on 8 June 2008 in Republic of the Congo vs. Sudan.

</doc>
<doc id="19493649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493649" title="Ebbe Rode">
Ebbe Rode

Ebbe Rode (10 May 1910 - 23 May 1998) was a Danish stage and film actor. His father is the writer and critic Helge Rode.

</doc>
<doc id="19493652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493652" title="Hans onsdagsveninde">
Hans onsdagsveninde

Hans onsdagsveninde is a 1943 Danish comedy film directed by Lau Lauritzen, Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks. 
It was based on the play "Peter den store" by Paul Sarauw, which premiered in 1930 at Det Ny Theater. The same play was also made into a Swedish film in 1946 under the title "Onsdagsväninnan".

</doc>
<doc id="19493653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493653" title="Austin, Michigan">
Austin, Michigan

Austin, Michigan may refer to the following places in the U.S. state of Michigan:

</doc>
<doc id="19493670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493670" title="First Battle of Villers-Bretonneux">
First Battle of Villers-Bretonneux

The First Battle of Villers-Bretonneux (30 March – 5 April 1918), was part of the wider First Battle of the Somme (1918). The capture of Villers-Bretonneux, being close to the strategic centre of Amiens, would have meant that the Germans could have used artillery there to shell the city.
Background.
With the general position for the Germans looking weak, the German commander, Erich von Ludendorff, decided to go on the offensive. On 21 March 1918, "Operation Michael" was launched, and the attack was aimed at the weakest part of the British lines, along the Somme River.
By 5 April, the Germans had gained of British held territory. Two other operations were launched, one near Armentieres, one near Reims. All three operations were halted by the British.
Battle.
In late March, 1918, The German army advanced towards Amiens, pushing the British line back towards the town of Villers-Bretonneux. Part of the German attack fell on the centre and left of the French First Army under Debeny. The French line fell back, but a counterattack regained much of the ground.
From north to south the line was held by British and Australian troops, specifically the 14th Division, 35th Australian Battalion and 18th Division. However, by 4 April the 14th Division fell back under attack from the German 228th Division. The Australians held off the 9th Bavarian Reserve Division and the British 18th Division held off the German Guards Ersatz Division and 19th Divisions. The allied forces were forced to pull back by the retreat of the British 14th Division. An attack that afternoon pushed the 18th Division even further back.
The Germans came within of Villers-Bretonneux; a counter-attack by the 36th Australian Battalion, with pushed the Germans back and forced two German divisions to retreat from Villers-Bretonneux.
The attack on Villers-Bretonneux was the last significant German attack of the entire First Battle of the Somme. After the general failure of the German forces to get their objectives, Ludendorff brought the entire offensive to a halt.

</doc>
<doc id="19493688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493688" title="Bodil Steen">
Bodil Steen

Bodil Jørri Jensen Steen (14 January 1923 - 10 January 1979) was a Danish stage and film actress.

</doc>
<doc id="19493694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493694" title="The Other Side of the Frontier">
The Other Side of the Frontier

The Other Side of the Frontier: Aboriginal Resistance to the European invasion of Australia is a history book published in 1981 by Australian historian Henry Reynolds. It is a study of Aboriginal Australian resistance to the British settlement, or invasion, of Australia from 1788 onwards.
The book constituted the first comprehensive research on this topic, and had a profound impact on Australian historiography. The University of New South Wales Press, which published the book, said it "profoundly changed the way in which we understand the history of relations between indigenous Australians and European settlers. It has since become a classic of Australian history." Robert Manne described it as "an important landmark", while Professor Cassandra Pybus of the University of Sydney wrote of the book that "no one could doubt the magnitude of Henry Reynold's achievement in profoundly changing the way we understand our past".
It has also been seen, retroactively, as one of the starting points of the "History Wars", an ongoing academic, political and public debate regarding perceptions and presentations of Australian history.
Reviewing it for the "Aboriginal Law Bulletin", John Terry wrote:
Reynolds' book presents important concepts in Australian history. It is an appreciation that the convicts, squatters, explorers, diggers, ticket-of-leave men and the like did not step onto a continent that was barren and uninhabited, but into a rich and complex world of another people who resisted the invasion, fought for their land, struggled to survive - and who continue to struggle for due recognition. These ideas have been familiar for some time of course, and attempts have been made to document them, but this is the first serious production by a competent historian.
In 1982, the book was awarded the Ernest Scott Historical Prize.

</doc>
<doc id="19493698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493698" title="Peter Queally">
Peter Queally

Peter Queally (born 1970 in Ballydurn, County Waterford) is an Irish sportsperson. He plays hurling with his local club Newtown-Ballydurn GAA and formerly with the Waterford senior inter-county team.
Playing career.
Club.
Queally plays his club hurling with his local club Newtown-Ballydurn GAA in Waterford. The club presently participates at Junior level. Due to his profession as a Garda, Queally was stationed in Cork City for a number of years. Because of this, Queally also had a stint playing for Sarsfields GAA of Glanmire in the Cork Senior Hurling Championship in the late 1990s.
Inter-county.
Queally had a long playing career with the Waterford Senior Hurling Team from the early 1990s up to 2003. During his playing career, Queally played in several Munster Senior Hurling Finals, winning the Munster Championship in 2002. Queally retired from inter-county hurling in 2003. In 2008 Queally returned to the inter-county setup in the role of selector, alongside Davy Fitzgerald and Maurice Geary. With Queally on board, Waterford managed to reach their first All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship Final since 1963. Sadly, it wasn't to be a fairy tale ending, with Waterford losing out to Kilkenny in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19493708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493708" title="Second Battle of Villers-Bretonneux">
Second Battle of Villers-Bretonneux

The Second Battle of Villers-Bretonneux came during the period of the battle of Lys, 24–27 April 1918 but was launched against the British lines in front of Amiens. The German army built twenty-one tanks in the war and used fourteen A7V tanks in the attack, making it one of the biggest uses of German tanks in World War I. During the battle, the first tank-versus-tank battle in history occurred when a group of three advancing German A7V tanks met and engaged three British Mark IV tanks, two of which were female tanks armed with machine-guns. The two Mark IV females were damaged and forced to withdraw but the male tank armed with 6-pounder guns, hit and disabled the lead A7V, which was then abandoned by its crew. The Mark IV continued to fire on the two remaining German A7Vs, which withdrew. The "male" then advanced with the support of Whippet light tanks which had arrived, until disabled by artillery fire and abandoned by the crew. The German and British crews recovered their vehicles later in the day. A counter-attack by two Australian and one British brigade during the night of 24 April partly surrounded Villers-Bretonneux and on 25 April the town was recaptured. Australian, British and French troops restored the original front line by 27 April.
Prelude.
The area was largely held by the British 8th Division. Although it had been one of the best British divisions it had suffered badly in the German attacks of March losing 250 officers and about 4,700 other ranks, reducing its infantry by half. Reinforcements had been made from the latest draft in the United Kingdom; some units replacements had been 18 year olds with little training.
Battle.
German Second Army.
The German attack was preceded by artillery, using both mustard gas and high explosive rounds. The German infantry with fourteen supporting tanks (one was unserviceable) broke through the 8th Division, making a three mile wide gap in the British lines. Villers-Bretonneux fell to the Germans, and the main strategic centre of Amiens was under threat. After the Germans took Villers-Bretonneux, the first ever engagement between opposing tanks took place. Three British Mark IV tanks (No. 1 Section, A Company, 1st Battalion, Tank Corps) had been dispatched to the Cachy switch line at the first reports of German advance and were to hold it against the Germans. One was a "male" (the No. 1 Tank of the section) armed with two 6-pounder guns and machine guns, under the command of Lieutenant Frank Mitchell. It was only crewed by four of the normal crew of seven as the others had been affected by gas. The other tanks were "females" armed only with 0.303 in () machine guns, intended for use as anti-infantry support fire. All were advancing when they encountered a German A7V: "Nixe" of Imperial German Tank Force was commanded by 2nd Lt Wilhelm Biltz.
Biltz's tank fired on the two "females", damaging them to the extent that it left holes in the hull leaving the crew exposed. Both retreated; their machine guns were unable to penetrate the armour on the German tank. Mitchell's "male" Mark IV continued to fire at the A7V while on the move to avoid German artillery fire and the cannon of the German tank. The movement meant Mitchell's gunner had difficulty in aiming the Mark IV's 6-pounders. The tanks continued to fire at each other on the move until the Mark IV stopped to allow the gunner a clear shot. He scored three hits (a total of six shell hits). The German heeled over on its side, possible as a result of crossing an incline at the wrong angle. The surviving German crew (out of 18 men), including Biltz, alighted from the vehicle. Mitchell's crew continued to fire at them as they fled on foot, killing nine.
The British tank was next faced by two more A7Vs, supported by infantry; Mitchell's tank fired several ranging shots on the German tanks and they retreated. Mitchell's tank continued to attack the German infantry present, firing case-shot at them. Following this, a group of seven of the new British Whippet medium tanks arrived. The Whippets attacked the German troops encountering some battalions "forming up in the open", doing much damage both with their machine guns and by running them down. Mitchell later remarked that when they returned their tracks were covered with blood. Only four of the seven Whippets returned, the rest were destroyed by artillery, though only five crew were killed.
Being the sole tank on the field, and slow moving, the Mark IV now became an obvious target for German artillery. Lieutenant Frank Mitchell's tank retreated, maneouvering to try to avoid the shells. A mortar round eventually disabled the tank's tracks. The crew left the disabled tank, escaping to a British-held trench, much to the surprise of the troops in it. Lt Biltz and his crew reboarded "Nixe" and withdrew. The tank was eventually broken up for spares in June 1918. Earlier in the day, another tank in the same group as Lt Biltz, , had fallen onto its side and was abandoned. The tank was captured by Australian troops when they counter-attacked a few days later.
Fourth Army counter-attack.
About noon the 1st Bn of the Sherwood Foresters had attempted a counter-attack. The British 25th Brigade was considered for an attack but this was cancelled. A tank with troops from the 2nd Royal Berkshire made a spontaneous attack from the north pushing the German line back about 150 yards. General Henry Rawlinson had responded even before he received orders from Marshal Foch to recapture the town. At he ordered an immediate counter-attack by the Australian 13th Brigade under General Thomas William Glasgow and the 15th under General H.E. "Pompey" Elliott, both previously kept in reserve, though the 13th had suffered in heavy fighting at nearby Dernancourt. Rawlinson's plan was to use a pincer manoeuvre, the 15th Brigade attacking north of the town, the 13th to the south. British troops would support and the 2nd Bn Northamptonshire Regiment and the 22nd Durham Light Infantry would follow through in the gap between the Australians and "mop up" the town once it was isolated. Artillery support was available but since German positions were unknown and to avoid alerting the Germans, there was no preparatory barrage to soften up the German positions. Instead the artillery would bombard the town for the hour once the attack was underway and then move its line of fire back beyond the line held by the British before the German attack.
The attack took place on the night of 24/25 April 1918. The original time for the operation to start had been but General Glasgow argued that it would still be light, with terrible consequences for his men. Glasgow argued that the operation should start at and Zero hour was eventually made The operation began with German machine gun nests taking some toll on the Australians. A number of charges against machine-gun posts helped the Australian advance; in particular, Lieutenant Clifford Sadlier was awarded the Victoria Cross after attacking with grenades. The two brigades swept around Villers-Bretonneux and the Germans retreated, for a while escaping the pocket along a railway cutting. The Australians eventually captured the German positions and pushed the German line back, leaving the German troops in Villers-Bretonneux surrounded. The British units attacked frontally and suffered at the German defences. By 25 April, the town had been recaptured and handed back to the villagers. The battle was a great success for the Australian troops, who had recaptured the town from forces that vastly outnumbered them and defeated the German attempt to capture Amiens. The village remained in Allied hands to the end of the war.
Aftermath.
Casualties.
The Australian brigades had taken British casualties were French losses were German losses were 
Memorial.
In the 1930s an impressively towering memorial was established at the top of the Villers-Bretonneux Military Cemetery to honour the Australian soldiers who fell in France in the Great War. The cemetery is located between Villers-Bretonneux and Fouilloy on the hill (belonging to the latter but overlooking the former) from which the famous night attack was launched. Some east of Amiens and north of the straight main (Roman) road to St-Quentin, it rises gently to a plateau overlooking Amiens, the Somme Valley and the town from which it has its name. The cemetery contains of which Australian. A further ten Australian casualties of the battle are buried in the Villers-Bretonneux Communal Cemetery. The smaller Crucifix Corner British Military Cemetery just east of the town, in the shadow of a motorway embankment, contains the graves of British and French home and colonial (Moroccan) troops, the former including many Australians, who fell in the area in subsequent fighting which moved further to the east only on 8 August 1918 (but from then on rapidly). The victory gained at Villers-Bretonneux on the third anniversary of the Gallipoli landings is yearly commemorated by Australians. In 2008, to mark the battle’s ninetieth anniversary, the Australian and New Zealand ANZAC Day dawn service was held for the first time on the Fouilloy hill instead of on the Gallipoli peninsula.

</doc>
<doc id="19493712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493712" title="Christopher Campling">
Christopher Campling

Christopher Russell Campling is a retired Anglican priest who was the Dean of Ripon. 
Campling was born on 4 July 1925 and educated at Lancing College and St Edmund Hall, Oxford. Ordained in 1952 he began his career with a curacy in Basingstoke after which he was a "Minor Canon" at Ely Cathedral. He was then appointed Chaplain of his old school. Later Vicar then Rural Dean of Pershore, his next appointment was as Archdeacon of Dudley in 1975 — a post he held jointly with his role as director of education for the Anglican Diocese of Worcester and priest-in-charge of St Augustine's Church, Dodderhill, Droitwich. Then, in 1984, he was appointed Dean of Ripon. An eminent author,after 11 years he retired to Worthing where he wrote his memoir, "I Was Glad". He continues to preach and lecture occasionally.

</doc>
<doc id="19493722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493722" title="Teatertosset">
Teatertosset

Teatertosset is a 1944 Danish family film directed by Alice O'Fredericks. 

</doc>
<doc id="19493725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493725" title="Dejair Jorge Ferreira">
Dejair Jorge Ferreira

Dejair Jorge Ferreira (born 14 December 1977 in Brasília) is a Brazilian football player who last played in Major League Soccer for Chivas USA after signing in September 2008. He has played in Brazil for Botafogo, Sampaio Corrêa, Moto Club, ABC, Olaria, Vila Nova, Vitória, Criciúma, Atlético Mineiro, São Caetano, Náutico and Ceará.

</doc>
<doc id="19493726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493726" title="Berthe Qvistgaard">
Berthe Qvistgaard

Berthe Qvistgaard (11 August 1910 - 24 October 1999) was a Danish stage and film actress, and winner of the prestigious Tagea Brandt Rejselegat award in 1965.
She was a rector of the Danish National School of Theatre and Contemporary Dance for a period of her life.
She died from Alzheimer's disease which she suffered from throughout the 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="19493753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493753" title="Jürg Marquard">
Jürg Marquard

Jürg Marquard (born July 13, 1945 in Zurich), the son of a dentist. He attended school in Zurich, where he at a young age became involved in journalism. Having done his leaving certificate (Matura) at the “Kantonsschule” for Economics, Zurich, he launched the youth magazine “POP” with SFR 2'000.- which he borrowed from school friends. This founded the basis of his journalistic and entrepreneurial career.
At that time Jürg Marquard already sensed that the flourishing pop and rock culture was not just a fly-by-night phenomenon, but also a strong youth movement with revolutionary potential. He sensed this movement would embrace a large spectrum beyond the music and entertainment industry, such as fashion, lifestyle, culture and that it would even penetrate politics.
At the same time as putting his magazine “POP” on the map, Jürg Marquard was also working as a radio and TV presenter, specialising in pop music. He was the first presenter of the Radio-Hit-Parade to achieve great popularity in Switzerland.
A successful entry into the German-speaking magazine market.
After the eventful early days, in which Jürg Marquard himself edited the magazine with a lot a passion, the magazine became a commercial success. After various mergers with other German youth magazines, POP became POP/ROCKY, which was for many years Germany's second largest youth magazine. POP/ROCKY maintained this status for decades until it was eventually merged with POPCORN in 1998. POPCORN was one of Marquard Media’s international umbrella brands.
His big breakthrough in the German-speaking magazine markets was achieved with the take-over of COSMOPOLITAN in 1981. Before then the German version of COSMOPOLITAN had been dragging its feet without any noticeable success. With radical editorial changes he turned COSMOPOLITAN into a huge success in less than a year. COSMOPOLITAN led the way for a new type of women's magazine. When taking over COSMOPOLITAN on October 14, 1981, Jürg Marquard said: “I believe in the future of this brand because recent years have brought about deep changes with regards to the self-image and the role behaviour of women. COSMOPOLITAN is the journalistic answer to these changes. The success is therefore pre-determined“. COSMOPOLITAN subsequently became the most successful premium women’s magazine in the German-speaking market and therefore the basis for the expansion of the premium lifestyle segment of the Marquard Media Group.
The internationalisation of Marquard Media.
In 1988 Jürg Marquard launched the Hungarian versions of POPCORN and MÄDCHEN (Girl). With these launches he became the first western publisher of periodical magazines behind the then still existing “Iron Curtain”. The big success as well as the positive perspectives after the political change made Jürg Marquard invest dynamically in Central European markets and expand his activities – including the acquisition of daily newspapers in Hungary and Poland, as well as launching new magazines.
In 1999, during the process of a strategic re-orientation, Jürg Marquard focused his activities on the premium magazine segment and therefore streamlined his portfolio: The youth and music titles were sold to Axel Springer, the Hungarian newspapers to Ringier and the Polish printing house to Baring Private Equity Partners.
Following this phase of consolidation Marquard Media again expanded by launching various new magazines as well as taking over and integrating VIPress (PLAYBOY und VOYAGE) in Poland.
In summer 2005, Marquard Media with a successful public offer, secured a 91,4% stake in Computec Media AG, a stock exchange listed publisher of various consumer magazines in the area of Electronic Entertainment and Multi-Media.
In 2005 Jürg Marquard was the co-producer and protagonist of the TV show „Traumjob“, a licensed version of Donald Trumps „The Apprentice“. This was a top-rated show on Kanal 1 on Swiss television.
Marquard Media today.
Today, year 2012, Marquard Media publishes 41 magazines in Germany, Austria, Switzerland, Hungary and Poland and is active with license editions in many other countries. The ever-growing online business encompasses 25 websites in the German-speaking markets.
In Hungary Marquard Media is the leading publisher of premium magazines in the women’s as well as the men’s segment with a wide-ranging portfolio: JOY, EVA, INSTYLE, SHAPE, JOY CELEBRITY, FITT MAMA, PLAYBOY, PLAYBOY EXCLUSIVE, CKM and DESIGN ROOM.
Marquard Media continues to expand in the premium magazine segment in Poland. With CKM and PLAYBOY it is the leading publisher in the men’s segment and also holds a top position in the women’s premium segment with COSMOPOLITAN, JOY, OLIVIA and SHAPE as well as with the travel magazine VOYAGE. Marquard Media is also successfully represented in the segment of weekly women’s magazines and true-stories magazines in Poland with PANI DOMU, CIENIE I BLASKI und SEKRETY SERCA.
Jürg Marquard plans to keep expanding with his company. Further expansion is occurring via new launches, as well as further acquisitions.
Special achievements.
In 1995 Jürg Marquard was appointed “Honorary General Consul to the Republic of Hungary” in Switzerland. In 2005 he was given the memorial medal "PRO AUXILIO CIVIUM HUNGARORUM“ by the Hungarian government in recognition of his successful 10-year function as Honorary General Consul. In 2006 he was also awarded with the honorary medal "Hero of Liberty“.
In 1999 Jürg Marquard was awarded the “Euro Crystal Globe” by the European Institution for Economics.
Today Jürg Marquard is amongst the most prominent Swiss entrepreneurs. He is married to Raquel Marquard, has five children and lives in Herrliberg (Zurich) . He enjoys many sports and is an active car racer and enthusiast. During winter seasons the Swiss billionaire spends his time in his Penthouse Apartment in St. Moritz. Recently Marquard has purchased a 60meter Superyacht where he spends a lot of time on with his family.
Share Holdings.
His total shareholding in London FTSE listed Kea Petroleum is 29,033,253 ordinary shares representing 4.16% of the Company's current voting rights.

</doc>
<doc id="19493761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493761" title="Cristina Tàrrega">
Cristina Tàrrega

Cristina Tárrega (Valencia, 1968) is a Spanish television presenter.
She studied journalism and started working in the radio. She is married to the football player Mami Quevedo and they have a son.

</doc>
<doc id="19493784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493784" title="Elly Petersen">
Elly Petersen

Elly Petersen is a 1944 Danish drama film directed by Jon Iversen and Alice O'Fredericks. 

</doc>
<doc id="19493785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493785" title="Charlie Montoyo">
Charlie Montoyo

José Carlos Montoyo Díaz (born October 17, 1965 in Florida, Puerto Rico) is a professional baseball manager and a former Major League player. In , Monotoyo will begin his eighth consecutive season as manager of the Durham Bulls of the International League, Triple-A affiliate of the Tampa Bay Rays.
Playing career.
As an active player, Montoyo threw and batted right-handed; he stood tall and weighed . He appeared in four games for the Montreal Expos during the 1993 season as a second baseman and pinch hitter. 
After playing college baseball at Louisiana Tech University, Montoyo was drafted by the Milwaukee Brewers in the sixth round of the 1987 amateur draft, and then traded to Montreal on January 20, 1993. During his brief Major League career in September of that year, he singled in his first big-league at bat off Gary Wayne of the Colorado Rockies. All told, he had two hits in five MLB at bats, with three runs batted in.
Montoyo played in 1,028 minor league games and retired at the end of the 1996 season. In ten years in the minors, he batted .266 with 38 home runs and 400 RBIs.
Managing career.
In 1997, Montoyo joined the Tampa Bay Devil Rays' organization — the year before the expansion team played its first Major League game — as manager of the Rookie-level Princeton Devil Rays, and he has remained in the Rays' system ever since.
In 1997, he led Princeton to its best record since the franchise has been affiliated with Tampa Bay. The next year he managed the Short Season-A Hudson Valley Renegades, where he won his first division title. In 1999–2000, he managed the Charleston RiverDogs, leading them to their first winning season. He then was the pilot of the Bakersfield Blaze of the High Class A California League in 2001–2002. For the next four years, he served as the manager of Tampa Bay's Double-A clubs, the Orlando Rays (2003) and Montgomery Biscuits (2004–2006), where he won the Southern League championship in 2006. 
In 2007, Montoyo became manager of Tampa Bay's top farm team, the Durham Bulls. Under his leadership, Durham has had only one losing season and has exceeded 80 wins five times in his first seven years. In 2010, the Bulls set a franchise Triple-A record for wins with 92. In both 2009 and 2013, they won the Governors' Cup, emblematic of the championship of the International League. Through 2013, his career managing record is 1,191–1,073 (.526).
Montoyo was a coach for the Puerto Rican 2009 World Baseball Classic team. Also, he was selected to serve as a coach for World Team in the 2010 and 2011 All-Star Futures Game.
He won the 2009 Mike Coolbaugh Award and 2010 and 2013 International League Manager of the Year Award.
Championships.
Montgomery Biscuits
Durham Bulls
Personal life.
Montoyo and his wife, Samantha, have two children, Tyson and Alexander.

</doc>
<doc id="19493791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493791" title="Austin, Hillsdale County, Michigan">
Austin, Hillsdale County, Michigan

Austin is an unincorporated community in the northwest part of Amboy Township, Michigan, on the boundary with Woodbridge Township at . It was first settled by the White family and was also known as "Whitetown".

</doc>
<doc id="19493798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493798" title="Sámuel Teleki (Chancellor)">
Sámuel Teleki (Chancellor)

Count Sámuel Teleki de Szék (17 November 1739, Gornești - 7 August 1822, Vienna), Chancellor of Transylvania, famous book collector, founder of the Teleki Library in Târgu Mureş (Marosvásárhely), Transylvania. He was the great-grandfather of the explorer Sámuel Teleki.
Biography.
Count Sámuel Teleki de Szék was born in the village of Gernyeszeg, Maros County on 17 November 1739. A crucial time of his years of preparation was the four-year study tour he performed in Europe (1759–1763), the most important stops of which were in Basel, Utrecht, Leiden, and Paris. His impressions triggered the idea to found a library; few people knew more about books at the time.
During his university years, he made up a well-devised plan to build out a book-supplying network. Arriving home he settled on his Sáromberke estate near the village in which he was born. This is where he started his activity toward the reformation of Transylvanian Protestant public education. He funded scientific and cultural activities, provided financial aid for writers, scholars as well as Transylvanian students studying abroad. After twenty years of intensive research, in 1784 he published the most complete edition of Janus Pannonius’ works.
He entered public service in 1774 as Lord-Lieutenant of Küküllő County and later of Bihar County. In 1787, he was summoned to Vienna and appointed Chancellor-Assistant of Transylvania by Emperor Joseph II. From 1791 until his death, Sámuel Teleki was Chancellor of Transylvania. Teleki's moving to Vienna brought him closer to the European book-trade and diversified his sources of supply. According to the accounts and book orders available, Teleki purchased books from as many as twenty-five European cities. During six decades of systematic collection, Teleki managed to acquire many significant works published since the advent of printing.
Sámuel Teleki died in Vienna, on 7 August 1822. He was buried in Sáromberke (today Ernei), in the family crypt.

</doc>
<doc id="19493801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493801" title="Aage Redal">
Aage Redal

Aage Redal (27 May 1891 - 19 November 1950) was a Danish stage and film actor.

</doc>
<doc id="19493802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493802" title="Gervais Batota">
Gervais Batota

Gervais Batota (born March 10, 1982 in Brazzaville) is a French-Congolese footballer. He currently plays for FCM Târgoviște.In January 2011 he signed a 2 and a half years contract with FUS de Rabat .

</doc>
<doc id="19493815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493815" title="Brea Grant">
Brea Grant

Brea Colleen Grant (born 16 October 1981) is an American actress and writer who is best known for playing Daphne Millbrook in the NBC television series "Heroes". She was born in Marshall, Texas, and holds a Master's degree in American Studies from the University of Texas at Austin.
Her acting career includes credits in an episode of "Cold Case", three episodes of "Friday Night Lights", as "Junkie Girl" (uncredited) in "Max Payne", and as "Rasha" in SciFi's "Battle Planet". She has also starred in several independent films, including "Homecoming", where she played an army medic home on leave. She is currently directing and starring in a post-apocalyptic feature called "Best Friends Forever" with Vera Miao.
She has also seen success in the world of comics. She created a comic book miniseries called "We Will Bury You" with her brother Zane Grant and artist Kyle Strahm. She continued her comic writing with the SuicideGirls comic miniseries, based on the pin-up web site of the same name.

</doc>
<doc id="19493819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493819" title="Bedstemor går amok">
Bedstemor går amok

Bedstemor går amok is a 1944 Danish comedy film directed by Lau Lauritzen, Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks.

</doc>
<doc id="19493826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493826" title="Wadōkaichin">
Wadōkaichin

, also romanized as Wadō-kaichin or called Wadō-kaihō, is the oldest official Japanese coinage, having been minted starting in 708 AD on order of Empress Gemmei.
Description.
The coins, which were round with a square hole in the center, remained in circulation until 958 AD. These were the first of a variety of coins collectively called "jūnizeni" or .
""Wadōkaichin"" is the reading of the four characters printed on the coin, and is thought to be composed of the era name Wadō (和銅, "Japanese copper"), which could alternatively mean "happiness", and "Kaichin", thought to be related to "Currency". This coinage was inspired by the Tang coinage (唐銭) named "Kaigentsūhō" (Chinese: 開元通宝, "Kai Yuan Tong Bao"), first minted in Chang'an in 621 CE. The Wadōkaichin had the same specifications as the Chinese coin, with a diameter of 2.4 cm and a weight of 3.75 g.

</doc>
<doc id="19493841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493841" title="Valdemar Skjerning">
Valdemar Skjerning

Valdemar Skjerning (31 October 1887 - 19 August 1970) was a Danish stage and film actor.

</doc>
<doc id="19493849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493849" title="Cesar Zambrano">
Cesar Zambrano

Cesar Zambrano (born on 12 July 1984 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American soccer player. Attended Brother Rice High School (Chicago). He attended college at the University of Illinois at Chicago.
Zambrano spent two seasons, 2006 and 2007, with the Chicago Fire Premier in the fourth division Premier Development League.

</doc>
<doc id="19493852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493852" title="Do Fries Go with That Shake?">
Do Fries Go with That Shake?

"Do Fries Go with That Shake?" is a song by Parliament-Funkadelic leader George Clinton. The song was released in 1986 by Capitol Records and was originally featured on the album "R&B Skeletons in the Closet".
The song was the second highest charting single of George Clinton's solo career after "Atomic Dog," peaking at number 13 on the "Billboard" Hot Black Singles chart.
Music video.
The music video for this song is an all-black variant of "Snow White and the Seven Dwarves", where an evil fast food restaurant boss of Flooky's discovers that one of her fry cooks (George Clinton) is smitten with another woman he met at a night club and becomes jealous. The "fly girl" has also taken her place as "the fairest one of all" according to the magic mirror in the bathroom. In retaliation, when the woman and her best friend come to Flooky's to see Clinton and eat, the boss laces the woman's order of fries with powdered rat poison. The woman takes a bite of the poisoned fries and falls into a deep sleep, sending her into a surreal world where Clinton and the fly girls are trapped inside a large chocolate milkshake and the boss is trying to slurp them up through the straw. Before the dream can continue, the woman wakes up to George Clinton kissing her and breaking the sleeping spell.

</doc>
<doc id="19493855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493855" title="Salem Metropolitan Statistical Area">
Salem Metropolitan Statistical Area

The Salem Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA), as defined by the United States Census Bureau, is an area consisting of two counties in western Oregon, Marion and Polk. The principal city is Salem, the state capital, which has a population of 154,637. As of the 2010 census, there were 390,738 people living in the Salem MSA. In 2000, the MSA had a population of 347,214, and had a population of 278,024 according to the 1990 census.
Demographics.
As of the census of 2010, there were 390,738 people living in the area, a 12.5% increase over the 347,214 residents as of the 2000 census. The metro area also had 151,250 households and a population density of at Census 2010. The racial makeup of the MSA was 71% White, 0.8% African American, 1.2% Native American, 1.8% Asian, 0.6% Pacific Islander, .1% from other races, and 2.4% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 21.9% of the population.
As of 2000, the median income for a household in the MSA was $41,313, and the median income for a family was $48,343. Males had a median income of $35,254 versus $26,278 for females. The per capita income for the MSA was $18,845.

</doc>
<doc id="19493859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493859" title="Petrine Sonne">
Petrine Sonne

Petrine Sonne (25 November 1870 - 26 May 1946) was a Danish stage and film actress.

</doc>
<doc id="19493873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493873" title="Affæren Birte">
Affæren Birte

Affæren Birte is a 1945 Danish family film directed by Lau Lauritzen, Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks.

</doc>
<doc id="19493875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493875" title="Harris Tchilimbou">
Harris Tchilimbou

Harris Brandt Tchilimbou Mavoungou (born November 11, 1988 in Brazzaville) is a Congolese football player who is currently playing for AS Police de Pointe-Noire.
Career.
Tchilimbou began his career in the youth from AS Saint-Martin and played two years for the club before signed with CARA Brazzaville. After one year with CARA joined to AC CNFF and later AS Police de Pointe-Noire.
International career.
Tchilimbou was member of the Republic of the Congo U-20 team at 2007 FIFA U-20 World Cup in Canada and played 4 games.
He made his senior cap at the WCQ match against Mali on 1 June 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19493879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493879" title="John Methuen">
John Methuen

John Alan Robert Methuen (14 August 1947–18 July 2010) was an Anglican priest.
Methuen was born on 14 August 1947 and educated at Eton College and Brasenose College, Oxford. He was ordained in 1972 and was a curate at Fenny Stratford, after which he was appointed chaplain of Eton College. He was subsequently vicar of St Mark's Reading then rector of The Ascension, Hulme. While in Hulme he sheltered asylum seeker Viraj Mendis for over two years (December 1986 to January 1989). His next appointment was as Dean of Ripon in 1995. A divisive figure, he was facing 21 charges of misconduct before a consistory court, but resigned in 2005 before the cases came to court. After Ripon he retired to London where he lectured and attended seminars and tours. His funeral service was held at Saint Bartholomew the Great, Smithfield, London.

</doc>
<doc id="19493885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493885" title="Karl Jørgensen">
Karl Jørgensen


</doc>
<doc id="19493926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493926" title="I Don't Want to Be a Man">
I Don't Want to Be a Man

"I Don't Want to Be a Man" () is a 1918 German film directed by Ernst Lubitsch.
DVD releases.
The film was released in the US by Kino Lorber as part of the box set "Lubitsch in Berlin" in 2007 with English intertitles. It was also released in the UK by Eureka's Masters of Cinema series as part of the box set "Lubitsch in Berlin: Fairy-Tales, Melodramas, and Sex Comedies" in 2010 with German intertitles and English subtitles.

</doc>
<doc id="19493938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493938" title="Wilbur Lamoreaux">
Wilbur Lamoreaux

Wilbur Lamoreaux (born 26 February 1907 in Roseville, Illinois, USA - died 11 May 1963) was a former international motorcycle speedway rider who qualified for three Speedway World Championship finals and never finished lower than fifth place.
Early life.
At an early age his family moved to Pasadena, California. Lamoreaux became a motorcycle enthusiast and he finally convinced his mother to allow him to buy an Indian Scout in 1923, when he was only 16 years old. He became a motorcycle messenger for Western Union. Whilst working at Western Union that he met fellow Pasadenans, brothers Jack and Cordy Milne.
Career.
Nicknamed 'Lammy', he rode for the Wimbledon Dons from 1937 until the outbreak of World War II. He won the Scottish Championship in 1939. During World War II he promoted speedway in the US, and in 1946 won the American National Championship in Los Angeles. After the war, he was persuaded by Sir Arthur Elvin not to retire and rode for them Wembley Lions in 1948. In 1949 he spent a season with the Birmingham Brummies, and also qualified for the Speedway World Championship, ten years after his last appearance and forty two years of age, was the oldest competitor. He finished in fifth place, although an engine failure cost him his third rostrum finish in three finals.
Wilbur Lamoreaux also rode in Australia during his career, finishing second to 1938 World Champion Bluey Wilkinson in both the 1938 Three and Four Lap Australian Championships at the Sydney Showground Speedway. In 1938, Lamoreaux also won the NSW State Championship at the Sydney Showground.

</doc>
<doc id="19493939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493939" title="AS Police (Pointe-Noire)">
AS Police (Pointe-Noire)

AS Police de Pointe-Noire is a Congolese football club based in Pointe-Noire. 

</doc>
<doc id="19493970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493970" title="Panik i familien">
Panik i familien

Panik i familien is a 1945 Danish film directed by Lau Lauritzen, Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks.

</doc>
<doc id="19493981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493981" title="1946 Giro d'Italia">
1946 Giro d'Italia

The 1946 Giro d'Italia was the 29th edition of the Giro d'Italia, a cycling race organized and sponsored by the newspaper "La Gazzetta dello Sport". The race began on 15 June in Milan with a stage that stretched to Turin, finishing back in Milan on 7 July after a and total total distance covered of . The race was won by the Italian rider Gino Bartali of the Legnano team, with fellow Italians Fausto Coppi and Vito Ortelli coming in second and third respectively.
Final standings.
General classification.
There were 40 cyclists who had completed all seventeen stages. For these cyclists, the times they had needed in each stage was added up for the general classification. The cyclist with the least accumulated time was the winner.
Mountains classification.
In the mountains classification, the Giro organizers selected different mountains that the route crossed and awarded points to the riders who crossed them first. 

</doc>
<doc id="19493991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19493991" title="2005 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships – Singles">
2005 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships – Singles

Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="19494003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494003" title="TV Technology">
TV Technology

TV Technology is a trade journal covering the English speaking broadcast television industry in North America. The magazine is published every two weeks with additional issues in April and May. The magazine is published for television industries outside North America as "TV Technology Europe" and "TV Technology Asia/Pacific". The magazine is also published for the Latin American industry as "TV Technology América Latina".
The magazine covers television industry news focusing primarily on new technology, FCC and regulatory issues, mobile production, sports production and newsgathering as well as studio based production. Regulatory changes such as the DTV transition in the United States and spectrum auctions are also regularly covered.
Sister trade publications include "Digital Video", Government Video", "Radio World", "Radio World Engineering Extra"," Radio World International", "Radio World édition francophone", "Radio World América Latina", "Broadcast & Production (Italy)."
In 2014, the magazine's owner, NewBay Media, announced it was incorporating online content from Broadcast Engineering and Broadcast Engineering World on to its website. 

</doc>
<doc id="19494009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494009" title="Klingende toner">
Klingende toner

Klingende toner is a 1945 Danish film directed by Lau Lauritzen, Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks. 

</doc>
<doc id="19494011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494011" title="1994–95 Serie B">
1994–95 Serie B

This article contains information on the 1994-1995 season of Serie B, the second highest football league in Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="19494036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494036" title="De kloge og vi gale">
De kloge og vi gale

De kloge og vi gale is a 1945 Danish film directed by Lau Lauritzen, Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks. 

</doc>
<doc id="19494044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494044" title="Jon Iversen">
Jon Iversen

Jon Iversen (1 December 1889 - 17 August 1964) was a Danish stage and film actor and film director.

</doc>
<doc id="19494056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494056" title="Dundalk Bay">
Dundalk Bay

Dundalk Bay () is a large (33 km2), exposed estuary on the east coast of Ireland. 
The inner bay is shallow, sandy and intertidal, though it slopes into a deeper area 2 km from the transitional water boundary. It is predominantly influenced by the sea, though several rivers drain into the bay from the west. In the northwest corner of the bay, the Castletown River cuts through the intertidal zone and the smaller River Fane flows into the southeast corner. While the bay is largely made up of intertidal flats, there is a significant area of salt marsh on the western shore. The catchment around the bay is of mixed agriculture and urban land use. The Castletown River is routinely dredged for navigation purposes for the deep water port of Dundalk.

</doc>
<doc id="19494073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494073" title="Lys Mouithys">
Lys Mouithys

Dyzaiss-Lys Mouithys Mickalad (born July 4, 1985 in Brazzaville) is a Congolese football player, who currently playing for Wydad Casablanca.

</doc>
<doc id="19494079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494079" title="Sigurd Langberg">
Sigurd Langberg

He was married to actress Karna Langberg and was the father of actors Ebbe and Jesper Langberg.

</doc>
<doc id="19494081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494081" title="Alex Westerman">
Alex Westerman

Alexander Westerman (born 1969 ) is a United States of America Creative Director. He began his career as an Art Director having studied at Ithaca College and New York University. Westerman was the Vice President of Creative Production for Guthy-Renker from February 2012 till March 2013.
Career.
Alex Westerman started out as a prop master and art director. Westerman's experience ranges from television to movie and theater productions. He was an executive in charge of development at Bona Dea Productions, a production executive of The Weisberger Theatre Group, and a year as an assistant to producer Fred Zollo. In 2000, Westerman left his job at Disney to found a start-up called RadicalZoo. RadicalZoo was to be a destination for independent film makers. RadicalZoo folded in 2003. Westerman joined the staff of Nickelodeon in 2004 and went on to create award winning sites and applications for the company. In 2009, Westerman left Nickelodeon to become Creative Director Worldwide Marketing and Communications for Mattel.
In 2007 - 2008, Westerman created an Adobe Air application as an Adobe launch partner. The application was the first game to be created using the air runtime. The game allows users to engage in a scavenger hunt, collecting jig saw puzzle pieces and assemble and solve the puzzle offline in the Air runtime.
Westerman is also the publisher of a popular amusement park and roller coaster website; ThrillNetwork.com. ThrillNetwork is large community dedicated to provide news and information about the amusement park industry. The site contains one of the most comprehensive databases of statistical data on almost every park and ride in the world.
Early work.
Westerman's background is diverse. He was classically trained as a ballet dancer studying at The School of American Ballet in NYC. While attending Ithaca College he choreographed ballets for the dance school. Two of which were critical successes; La Belle et la Bete and Flight of Icarus.
At Nickelodeon.
Westerman served as Production Director of Nicktropolis. Nicktropolis is Nickelodeon's massively multiplayer online game and massively multiplayer online role-playing game that is part of Nick.com.
Transformers Game -
A Transformers Game and area, based on the popular Hasbro toys, is being developed. Teams will compete for Nickpoints and prizes. Game players will have to choose which team to join, evil DECEPTICONS or the noble AUTOBOTS? These two opposing teams will battle it out for control of the elusive Energon Cubes. The area will contain brand new rooms, features, and gameplay, this is sure to be the next evolution of games in Nicktropolis.
Patents.
A method and a system for controlling a virtual environment of a user.

</doc>
<doc id="19494101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494101" title="Onsdagsväninnan">
Onsdagsväninnan

Onsdagsväninnan is a 1946 Swedish film directed by Sture Lagerwall and Alice O'Fredericks.
The film was based on the play "Peter den store" by Paul Sarauw, which premiered in 1930 at Det Ny Theater. In 1943 the play was filmed in a Danish version as "Hans onsdagsveninde", also directed by O'Fredericks.

</doc>
<doc id="19494111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494111" title="Keith Jukes">
Keith Jukes

The Very Reverend Keith Michael Jukes (18 February 1954 – 21 May 2013) was the Dean of Ripon. 
Jukes was born on 18 February 1954. He studied Theology at the University of Leeds, graduating in 1976 with a Bachelor of Arts. He was ordained in 1979 and his first posts were West Midlands curacies. He was Vicar of Selby Abbey from 1997 or 1999 and Prebendary of Lichfield Cathedral before his elevation to the Deanery.
Jukes died from stomach cancer on 21 May 2013. He had announced his illness on the previous Sunday.

</doc>
<doc id="19494116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494116" title="Neuralgia-inducing cavitational osteonecrosis">
Neuralgia-inducing cavitational osteonecrosis

Neuralgia-inducing cavitational osteonecrosis (NICO) refers to presence of cavitations in jaw bones (mandible and/or maxilla) in conjunction with chronic facial neuralgia. The concept implies direct and causal relationship between the bone pathology (cavitations) and pain itself. Pain in this setting is commonly described as atypical facial neuralgia and is chronic in nature. Cavitations represent areas of necrotic (dead) bone.
Suggested Causes and Treatment.
The cause of NICO is allegedly avascular osteonecrosis (AO) (also known as ischemic osteonecrosis). This bone ischemia would result from a chronic low-grade infection, or, in more modern versions of the theory, susceptibility to thrombosis.
The suggested treatment for NICO involves oral surgery consisting of decortication and debridement of bone via curettage to remove dead bone tissue.
AAE Position Statement.
In 1996, the Research and Scientific Affairs Committee of the American Association of Endodontists prepared the following statement to address issues raised by some endodontic patients:
Controversy.
NICO remains a controversial diagnostic entity. The opponents argue that the concept can currently not be accepted because precise diagnostic criteria are lacking and there is no supporting scientific evidence that does not suffer from methodological flaws. It has been rejected as quackery by some but not all dentists and maxillofacial surgeons.

</doc>
<doc id="19494119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494119" title="Saleina Glacier">
Saleina Glacier

The Saleina Glacier () is a long glacier (2002) situated in the Mont Blanc Massif in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. It is adjacent to the Aiguille d'Argentière.

</doc>
<doc id="19494127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494127" title="William Gregory (chemist)">
William Gregory (chemist)

William Gregory (25 December 1803 – 24 April 1858) was a Scottish physician and chemist. He studied under and translated some of the works of Liebig, the German chemist. Gregory also had interests in mesmerism and phrenology.
Life.
He was the fourth son of James Gregory, and was born at Edinburgh. After a medical education he graduated at Edinburgh in 1828, and moved into chemistry. In 1831 he introduced a process for making the "muriate of morphia", which came into general use. "Gregory's salt" in terms of modern chemistry was a mixture of morphine hydrochloride and codeine hydrochloride, obtained from opium by use of calcium chloride.
After studying for some time on the continent he established himself as an extra-academical lecturer on chemistry at Edinburgh. He lectured on chemistry at the Andersonian University, Glasgow, and then at the Dublin Medical School, and in 1839 was appointed professor of medicine and chemistry in King's College, Aberdeen. In 1844 he was elected to the chair of chemistry at Edinburgh in succession to his old teacher Thomas Charles Hope. He was a successful expository lecturer, but in his later years suffered much from a disabling disease.
Gregory was interested in animal magnetism and mesmerism. He died on 24 April 1858, leaving a widow and one son.
Works.
Gregory was a pupil of Justus Liebig at Giessen, and translated and edited several of his works. His own chemical works gave prominence to organic chemistry. A list of forty chemical papers by him was given in the Royal Society's "Catalogue of Scientific Papers". Restricted to a sedentary life, he wrote a number of papers on diatoms. His books were:
Besides editing English editions of Liebig's "Animal Chemistry", "Chemistry in its Applications to Agriculture and Physiology", "Familiar Letters on Chemistry", "Instructions for Chemical Analysis of Organic Bodies", "Agricultural Chemistry", "Chemistry of Food", and "Researches on the Motion of the Juices in the Animal Body", Gregory translated and edited Karl Reichenbach's "Researches on Magnetism, Electricity, Heat, &c., in their relation to Vital Force", 1850. He also, with Liebig, edited Edward Turner's "Elements of Chemistry".

</doc>
<doc id="19494139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494139" title="Helge Kjærulff-Schmidt">
Helge Kjærulff-Schmidt

Helge Kjærulff-Schmidt (22 February 1906 – 9 July 1982) was a Danish stage and film actor. He was father to Palle Kjærulff-Schmidt.

</doc>
<doc id="19494156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494156" title="Cory Fleming">
Cory Fleming

Cory Lamont Fleming (born March 19, 1971 in Nashville, Tennessee) is a former professional American football wide receiver in the National Football League. He played two seasons for the Dallas Cowboys (1994–1995).
Fleming also played in the Arena Football League from 1997 to 2006 for the Nashville Kats, Carolina Cobras and Orlando Predators. In 2013, Fleming was inducted into the Arena Football Hall of Fame.
In August 2013, he was arrested in Davidson County, Tennessee, for driving under the influence of alcohol.

</doc>
<doc id="19494165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494165" title="Kevin Conrad">
Kevin Conrad

Kevin Mark Conrad, born in the United States to parents living in Papua New Guinea in 1968, is a Papua New Guinean lawyer and environmentalist. He grew up in the Arapesh tribe near Wewak, East Sepik Province and graduated from Ukarumpa High School in the Eastern Highlands Province.
Professional roles.
Conrad serves as "Special Envoy and Ambassador for Environment & Climate Change" for Papua New Guinea and also the executive director of the Coalition for Rainforest Nations. He is a graduate of Columbia University, London Business School, and University of Southern California.
He was the country's Special Envoy and Ambassador to the 2011 United Nations Climate Change Conference in Durban.
Climate change negotiations.
Conrad is a leading figure behind global efforts to value the ecosystem services provided by tropical forests with the objective of reducing rates of deforestation and increasing forest conservation. In this context, he is generally credited for launching efforts within the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) now widely referred to as REDD+ -- '"Reducing Emissions from Deforestation and Forest Degradation in developing countries".' 
Further, in his role at the Coalition for Rainforest Nations, Conrad has been instrumental in the establishment of the World Bank's Forest Carbon Partnership Facility and the United Nation's UN-REDD Programme. Based upon these efforts, industrialized countries — including Norway, the United States, the UK, Germany, France, Japan, and Australia — pledged around US$3.5 billion by the close of 2009 under the Copenhagen Accord for capacity-building and incentives to reduce rates of deforestation in participating developing countries.
Conrad "gained a worldwide spotlight" during the 2007 United Nations Climate Change Conference where he represented Papua New Guinea and declared: 
We all came with high expectations. The world is watching us. We left a seat for every country. We asked for leadership — and there is an old saying: "If you're not willing to lead, then get out of the way." I would ask the United States: we ask for your leadership. We seek your leadership, but if for some reason you're not willing to lead, leave it to the rest of us; please, get out of the way.
According to the "New York Times", "the room erupted in applause, and within minutes the lead American representative, Paula J. Dobriansky, dropped the objection and said, 'We will go forward and join consensus today.'" Conrad's statement received widespread international media coverage, and was soon spread on YouTube.
In July 2011, in preparation for the 2011 United Nations Climate Change Conference, he submitted a proposal, in the name of Papua New Guinea (supported by Mexico), to the secretariat of the conference, asking for amendments to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change "in order to make effective the right to vote under Article 18 and allow a ‘last resort’ vote to be taken only when every effort to reach consensus has failed and where there is a matter that carries broad-based support and ‘political will’". The proposed amendment to article 18 included, in particular, the following line: "If such efforts to reach consensus have been exhausted and no agreement has been reached, a decision shall, as last resort, be adopted by a three-fourths majority vote of the Parties present and voting", with exceptions. The BBC described it as an "intriguing" proposal to break the expected "deadlock between rich and poor" countries. Conrad had considered submitting the proposal at the Copenhagen Conference in 2009, and now felt it was time to clarify the decision-making process under the Convention. The BBC noted that although, under Papua New Guinea's proposal, developing countries would be able to use their numerical superiority to adopt any kind of obligation, in practical terms they would still need the approval of rich countries to secure funding. Nonetheless, the BBC's environmental correspondent Richard Black concluded his introductory article to the 2011 Conference by noting: "It will be intriguing to see how far PNG takes this idea, and how much support it gets".
At the Durban Conference, Conrad accused China, the United States and India of "colluding" to delay any action over climate change until after 2020.
On the sidelines of the Durban Conference, he was a member of a jury awarding a "Gigaton Award" to businesses having made significant efforts towards reducing carbon emissions. The twenty-one member jury also included Yvo de Boer (former Executive Secretary of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change), Rajendra Pachauri (chair of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change), Sir Richard Branson (head of the Virgin Group) and Professor Jacqueline McGlade (Executive Director of the European Environment Agency).
International honors.
In 2009, the United Nations Environment Programme named Conrad a 'Champion of the Earth' for Policy Leadership along with Erik Solheim, Minister of Environment and International Development of Norway. In 2008, "Time magazine" named Conrad #1 in the "Leaders & Visionaries" category within its annual list of "Heroes of the Environment", in an article by Joseph Stiglitz.

</doc>
<doc id="19494174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494174" title="I Love Another">
I Love Another

I Love Another () is a 1964 Danish family film directed by Lau Lauritzen, Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks. 

</doc>
<doc id="19494191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494191" title="Billy Davis (wide receiver)">
Billy Davis (wide receiver)

Billy Davis (born July 6, 1972 in El Paso, Texas) is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for six seasons for the Dallas Cowboys and Baltimore Ravens. Played QB in high school (Irvin High School) and was recruited by Pitt to play WR while they were playing in the Sun Bowl.

</doc>
<doc id="19494194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494194" title="Trient Glacier">
Trient Glacier

The Trient Glacier () is a 4.3 km long glacier (2007) situated in the Mont Blanc Massif in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. In 1973 it had an area of 6.4 km².
The upper part of the glacier forms a large plateau named "Plateau du Trient".

</doc>
<doc id="19494199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494199" title="Gunnar Lauring">
Gunnar Lauring

Gunnar Lauring (31 October 1905 - 21 February 1968) was a Danish stage and film actor.

</doc>
<doc id="19494219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494219" title="Nate Singleton">
Nate Singleton

Nathaniel "Nate" Singleton III (born July 5, 1968 in New Orleans, Louisiana) is a former professional American football wide receiver in the National Football League. He played five seasons for the San Francisco 49ers (1993–1996) and the Baltimore Ravens (1997).

</doc>
<doc id="19494220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494220" title="Osumana Akaba">
Osumana Akaba

Osumana Akaba (born August 7, 1980) is a Ghanaian professional boxer who has challenged for the Commonwealth title at two different weights.
Early professional career.
Akaba made his professional debut in January 2001 with a win over Sarouna Mamoudou in Kaneshie, Ghana. His first defeat came two fights after when he lost to Abdul Malik Jabir for the Ghanaian super bantamweight title once again in Kaneshie. Akaba avenged his first defeat five fights and five wins later when he beat Jabir for the vacant WBC International Featherweight title this time in Ghana's capital city Accra. Akaba would lose the belt in his first defence over 12 rounds to Jeffrey Mathebula in South Africa. It was the first time Akaba had fought outside his native country.
Commonwealth Challenges.
With a record of 10 wins and 3 defeats Akaba travelled to the UK in May 2008 and took on England's Paul Truscott for the Commonwealth featherweight title in Middlesbrough. Akaba was considered a step up in class for Truscott at the time and ended with a good win for the Englishman over 12 rounds. Akaba bounced back from the defeat when he beat the South African fighter Tshifhiwa Munyai in July 2008 over 8 rounds in Dagenham. Munyai was a highly touted fighter in the UK and had scored some good wins over Martin Power (twice) and Lee Haskins.
In Sept 2008 Kevin Mitchell gave up his Commonwealth super featherweight title and Akaba was drafted in by Frank Warren's Sports Network to contest the vacant title against house fighter Ricky Burns at London's York Hall. The fight ended with a win for Burns over 12 rounds.

</doc>
<doc id="19494227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494227" title="George Wells (politician)">
George Wells (politician)

George Andre Wells is a Ni-Vanautu politician and Member of Parliament. He is a member of the National United Party. Wells served as the Foreign Minister of Vanuatu, as well as the Internal Affairs Minister until 2007.
Wells was elected Speaker of the Parliament of Vanuatu on September 22, 2008.
Wells is the current Minister of Internal Affairs.
References.
Sworn in as Foreign Affairs Minister 8 December 2010

</doc>
<doc id="19494232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494232" title="Sigrid Horne-Rasmussen">
Sigrid Horne-Rasmussen

Sigrid Horne-Rasmussen (22 September 1915 - 24 April 1982) was a Danish stage and film actress. She was married to Danish actor and comedian Dirch Passer.

</doc>
<doc id="19494243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494243" title="Gene Soucy">
Gene Soucy

Gene Soucy is an American aerobatics pilot. The son of 2 pilots, he would wash airplanes at a local airport in exchange for flight time while growing up in Kentucky. He soloed in a glider at age 14, and in a regular airplane at 16. 
Soucy began flying professionally in airshows in 1968, and in 1972 qualified for a place on the U.S. aerobatics team. That year he was the youngest competitor flying at the World championships in England. He placed 6th overall, and contributed to the U.S. team winning the World championship for the first time.
Eagles Aerobatic Team.
In 1971, he partnered with Charlie Hillard and Tom Poberezny to form the Red Devils Aerobatic Team, flying the Pitts Special. In 1979, aircraft designer Frank Christensen invited the team to test fly a new aerobatic aircraft he had designed: the Christen Eagle. The Devils were so impressed that they switched their team aircraft to the Eagle, and renamed the Red Devils to the Eagles Aerobatic Team, with Hillard as the lead pilot. The Eagles Aerobatic Team would fly together for more than 25 years, and 1000 performances, setting a record for the longest running aerobatic team with the same members.
Other acts.
During his career with the Eagles, Soucy began to develop a new aircraft to fly in airshows. He had a Grumman Ag Cat cropduster modified for a Wing walking act, and named the aircraft the Showcat. His partner and girlfriend Teresa Stokes performs as the wing walker while Soucy takes the Showcat through various aerobatic maneuvers. The Showcat is also configured with pyrotechnics, used as part of a nighttime aerobatic show. After the Eagles team disbanded in 1995, Soucy began performing solo aerobatic in an Extra 300S, in addition to his Showcat performances.
Personal life.
In 2002, he began to show signs of kidney disease, and in 2003 underwent a kidney transplant. Teresa Stokes was the donor, after Soucy's siblings proved to not be able to donate. He was back flying at airshows 3 months after the operation. 
Soucy has also flown as a stunt pilot for several motion pictures and TV movies. His credits include , where he flew with Charlie Hillard, and "The Pancho Barnes Story".
Soucy has 2 daughters, and currently lives in Houston, Texas. In addition to his airshow performances, he is a pilot with Northwest Airlines.

</doc>
<doc id="19494251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494251" title="Tony Peterson">
Tony Peterson

Anthony Wayne Peterson (born January 23, 1972 in Cleveland, Ohio) is a former professional American football linebacker in the National Football League. He played six seasons for the San Francisco 49ers (1994–1996, 1998–1999) and the Chicago Bears (1997).

</doc>
<doc id="19494255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494255" title="Når katten er ude">
Når katten er ude

Når katten er ude is a 1947 Danish family film directed by Lau Lauritzen, Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks.

</doc>
<doc id="19494277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494277" title="Woodbine Municipal Airport (Iowa)">
Woodbine Municipal Airport (Iowa)

Woodbine Municipal Airport is a city-owned public-use airport located one nautical mile (2 km) east of the central business district of Woodbine, a city in Harrison County, Iowa, United States.
Facilities and aircraft.
Woodbine Municipal Airport covers an area of at an elevation of 1,068 feet (326 m) above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 17/35 with a 2,045 by 95 feet (623 x 29 m) turf surface. For the 12-month period ending September 17, 2007, the airport had 560 aircraft operations, an average of 46 per month, all of which were general aviation.

</doc>
<doc id="19494279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494279" title="Pelle">
Pelle

Pelle may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19494292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494292" title="Woodbine Municipal Airport">
Woodbine Municipal Airport

Woodbine Municipal Airport may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19494298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494298" title="Christian Arhoff">
Christian Arhoff

Christian Hansen Arhoff (26 January 1893, Horsens – 9 August 1973) was a Danish stage and film actor. Arhoff joined the National Socialist Workers' Party of Denmark in 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="19494307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494307" title="Graduate Management Association of Australia">
Graduate Management Association of Australia

The Graduate Management Association of Australia (GMAA) is the nationally recognised umbrella Professional Association for graduates having MBA, DBA and other postgraduate business management qualifications in Australia. 
The GMAA has members with MBA, DBA and other postgraduate management qualifications from approved Australian and international programs residing in all states of Australia and overseas. Members include directors, senior managers, functional specialists and consultants from business and government as well as business academics. 
Through this membership, the GMAA forms the bridge between the business world and management education, thus providing MBA graduates and students with a platform to further their career as a member of the Association with unique networking opportunities.
About the GMAA.
The Graduate Management Association of Australia Inc (GMAA - sometimes GMA) was established as a national entity in October 1993. It originated from an amalgamation of the Graduate Management Association Limited (NSW), the MBA Society Inc. University of Adelaide, The Graduate Management Association (Victoria), the Queensland Master of Business Administration Association and the Graduate Management Association University of Western Australia. 
The GMAA has members with MBA, DBA and other postgraduate management qualifications from approved Australian and international programs residing in all states of Australia and overseas. The GMAA operates through a National Committee of State representatives from State Chapters, with the following charter:
Mission.
The GMAA's mission is to promote the standing and enhance the value of MBA, DBA and other postgraduate management qualifications.
Star rating.
The GMAA produces and publishes the annual Australian MBA Star Ratings with a detailed survey of the top business schools in Australia. It is well recognised as a rigorous and truly independent assessment of the Australian business schools, which is not only of great benefit to prospective MBA students, but also contributes to enhancing the value of the MBA, DBA and other postgraduate management qualifications.

</doc>
<doc id="19494308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494308" title="Harry Boatswain">
Harry Boatswain

Harry Boatswain (born June 26, 1969 in Brooklyn, New York-August 8, 2005) was a former professional American football player who played Offensive Tackle for five seasons for the San Francisco 49ers, Philadelphia Eagles, and New York Jets. Harry graduated from UNH with degrees in both marketing and business administration. He was also a professional wrestler. He died in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19494309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494309" title="Ruedi Zahner">
Ruedi Zahner

Rudolf "Ruedi" Zahner (born 7 February 1957 in Aarau) is a Swiss former footballer who played as a defender during the 1970s, 1980's.
Zahner began playing professionally in 1976 with his local club, FC Aarau. In 1982, he made the step up to FC Zürich but failed to cut it and left for FC Zug after just one season. He returned to FC Aarau in 1984 and played there for another three years before moving on to FC Basel and retiring in 1988.
After his retirement from playing, he coached the Swiss under-17s team from 1991 until 1999. In 2006, he became the assistant manager of FC Aarau and was eventually appointed manager in 2007. He lasted only a short while in charge, however.

</doc>
<doc id="19494312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494312" title="Dominique Othenin-Girard">
Dominique Othenin-Girard

Dominique Othenin-Girard (born 2 October 1958) is a Swiss French-speaking film and television director, and writer.
Girard was born to a French-speaking family in Le Locle, Neuchâtel, Switzerland. He is best known for directing ', ', and "The Crusaders". His 1985 film "After Darkness" was entered into the 35th Berlin International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="19494328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494328" title="Olga Svendsen">
Olga Svendsen

Olga Svendsen (22 February 1883 - 22 October 1942) was a Danish stage and film actress.

</doc>
<doc id="19494330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494330" title="Posi">
Posi

Posi or pozi can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19494332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494332" title="Cougar Reservoir">
Cougar Reservoir

Cougar Reservoir (also known as Cougar Lake) is a reservoir on the South Fork McKenzie River in the U.S. state of Oregon. It is in Lane County, east of Eugene and about south of the community of Rainbow in the Willamette National Forest. In 1963 the United States Army Corps of Engineers built Cougar Dam on the river primarily to generate hydroelectricity and control flooding, and the reservoir formed behind the dam.
The lake is also used for recreation, including boating, fishing, swimming, and waterskiing. The United States Forest Service maintains three campgrounds—Cougar Crossing, Slide Creek, and Sunnyside—near the reservoir, with opportunities for hiking and picnicking as well as camping. Other campgrounds in the general vicinity include French Pete and Delta. Terwilliger Hot Springs is along Rider Creek just west of the lake.
Cougar Reservoir supports populations of stocked rainbow trout and stocked landlocked Chinook salmon as well as naturally reproducing cutthroat trout. Fishing for rainbow trout, especially in winter, is said to be "fair". The lake also supports bull trout, but it is not legal to catch and keep them. 

</doc>
<doc id="19494339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494339" title="Frank Pollack (American football)">
Frank Pollack (American football)

Frank Pollack (born November 5, 1967) is the current Assistant Offensive Line coach for the Dallas Cowboys, as of February 5, 2013. He was the former offensive line coach for the Oakland Raiders of the National Football League. A former San Francisco 49ers offensive tackle and guard for seven seasons, he later served as the assistant offensive line coach for the Houston Texans.

</doc>
<doc id="19494346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494346" title="Connie Meiling">
Connie Meiling


</doc>
<doc id="19494363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494363" title="Shafer Valve Company">
Shafer Valve Company

Shafer Valve Company is a Mansfield, Ohio-based manufacturer and distributor of piping products, specialising in the gas pipeline and water pumping industries. It is fully owned by Emerson Process Management Valve Automation, Inc., based in St. Louis, Missouri.

</doc>
<doc id="19494364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494364" title="Adam Walker (American football, born 1968)">
Adam Walker (American football, born 1968)

Adam Walker (born June 7, 1968) is a former professional American football player who played running back for five seasons for the San Francisco 49ers and Philadelphia Eagles.

</doc>
<doc id="19494368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494368" title="Evolution Robotics">
Evolution Robotics

Evolution Robotics is an American company specializing in robotics technologies from Pasadena, California. The product range covers computer vision, localization and autonomous navigation.
Evolution Robotics cooperates with Cambridge University for research in vision technology. Software products of Evolution Robotics are licensed by the Korean Institute of Industrial Technology and the Sony Robotics Division and are part of WowWee robots like "Rovio".
On September 17, 2012 it was announced that Evolution Robotics was acquired by iRobot.
Products.
In January 2010, Evolution Robotics released "Mint" (model number: 4200), a cleaning robot which dusts and wet-mops hard surface floors. The robot systematically covers the floor line-by-line and cleans around the edges before it returns to its original position. Mint is one of the most quiet floor cleaning robot (it has no vacuum motor), but it is not a fully autonomous robot. The cleaning cloth has to be attached to the cleaning pad before cleaning and it has to be removed after it is done. It can cover 93 sq m (1000 sq ft) mode and 23 sq m (250 sq ft) in wet mopping mode. Mint uses a navigation cube as a beacon for navigation, and the original model is only able to handle one of these beacons at a time. The indoor navigation system is called NorthStar®.
On September 14, 2011 Evolution Robotics announced the second model of the Mint family, called Mint Plus (model number: 5200). The black robot is essentially a slightly improved version of the original Mint, supporting more than one NorthStar® cubes at a time, and the ability to continue work at the same spot if the robot was interrupted during cleaning (for cleaning cloth change). Mint Plus also sports an automatic cleaning solution dispenser that keeps the cloth wet during cleaning, and one of the two versions come with a docking station. The docking station is a charging stand where the robot has to be placed manually.
Evolution Robotics Mint is now branded as iRobot Braava.

</doc>
<doc id="19494369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494369" title="Lise kommer til Byen">
Lise kommer til Byen

Lise kommer til Byen is a 1947 Danish family film directed by Lau Lauritzen, Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks.

</doc>
<doc id="19494370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494370" title="Ballacraine">
Ballacraine

Ballacraine () is situated between the 7th Milestone and 8th Milestone road-side markers on the Snaefell Mountain Course used for the Isle of Man TT Races on the junction of the primary A1 Douglas to Peel road and the A3 Castletown to Ramsey road in the parish of German in the Isle of Man. 
The road junction at Ballacraine was part of the Highland Course and Four Inch Course used for the Gordon Bennett Trial and Tourist Trophy automobile car races held in the Isle of Man between 1904 and 1922. Also Ballacraine Corner was part of the course used for 1905 International Motor-Cycle Cup Races held in the Isle of Man. It was also part of the St John's Short Course used between 1907 and 1910 and part of the Snaefell Mountain Course used since 1911 for the Isle of Man TT Races and 1923 for the Manx Grand Prix.
As part of the Ribbon development of St John's, Ballacraine Corner is situated at the eastly end of the village. The road junction is dominated by Ballacraine Farm and the Ballacraine Hotel a former public house and now a private house. The nearby area is mainly farmland with the nearby summits of Beary Mountain (311 m), Greeba Mountain (422 m) and Slieau Whallian (333 m).

</doc>
<doc id="19494372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494372" title="Threadfin jack">
Threadfin jack

The threadfin jack, "Carangoides otrynter" (also known as the thread pompano), is a species of coastal marine fish in the jack family Carangidae. The species inhabits the tropical waters of the eastern Pacific Ocean from Baja California in the north, south to Ecuador and the Galapagos Islands. It is a moderately large fish, growing to and may be recognized by its filamentous dorsal and anal fin lobes. The threadfin jack inhabits both deeper coastal waters and inshore environments including reefs and estuaries, where it preys on minute benthic and pelagic organisms, including small fishes and crustaceans. Very little is known about the ecology and reproductive cycle in the species. The threadfin jack is of importance to fisheries throughout its distribution, caught by hook and net methods and marketed fresh and salted, and is considered a very good table fish. The species was named "Carangoides dorsalis" by Theodore Gill twenty years before the name "Caranx otrynter" was introduced, but confusion with "Vomer dorsalis" led to the proposal of the new name to separate the two species.
Taxonomy and naming.
The threadfin jack is classified within the genus "Carangoides", one of a number of groups of fish referred to as jacks and trevallies. "Carangoides" is further classified in the family Carangidae, itself part of the suborder Percoidei and the order Perciformes; the perch-like fishes.
The species was first scientifically described by the American ichthyologist Theodore Gill, who named the species "Carangoides dorsalis" based on the holotype taken from the west coast of Central America. This name and description was published in the Proceedings of the Academy of Natural Sciences of Philadelphia, in which Gill one year previously described another carangid; "Vomer dorsalis". The state of carangid taxonomy at the time was rather confusing, with many synonymous genera and species present in the literature, and "Vomer dorsalis" was soon moved to "Caranx", as was "Carangoides dorsalis", creating a taxonomic homonym. To address this problem, the American ichthyologists David Starr Jordan and Charles Henry Gilbert in 1883 created the name "Caranx otrynter" as a replacement for the species originally named "Carangoides dorsalis", basing their description on a new holotype specimen taken from Mazatlán, Mexico.
The authors indicated that if "Vomer" was found to be a valid genus or subgenus, "Vomer dorsalis" could be reinstated and the original combination of "Caranx dorsalis" be restored. Despite "V. dorsalis" being transferred to "Selene dorsalis", this never occurred and in a 1994 publication, Gerald Allen and D. Ross Robertson placed "Caranx otrynter" into the genus "Carangoides",
where it has remained ever since. The specific name "otrynter" is derived from Latin, and means 'a driver', in allusion to the whip-like ray of the second dorsal fin. The common names of the species 'threadfin jack' and 'thread pompano' also both refer to the filamentous, threadlike dorsal fin.
Description.
The lateral line has a moderate, regular arch anteriorly, which is approximately equal in length to the straight posterior section. The straight section has 0 to 15 scales followed by 40 to 52 small scutes. The breast is devoid of scales ventrally to behind the pelvic fin origin and diagonally up to the pectoral fin base. Both jaws contain uniform bands of small, weak teeth becoming wider posteriorly and irregular conical outer teeth in adults. There are 21 to 23 gill rakers and 24 vertebrae.
In life, the threadfin jack is a silvery blue above, becoming silvery white on the underside, with golden to yellow reflections. The first dorsal and pelvic fin is grey, while the second dorsal, anal, pectoral and caudal fins are hyaline or grey with a yellow tinge. Juveniles have clear dark vertical bands, fading with age. Much like the shadow trevally, there are small black spots on the bases of soft dorsal rays and the body immediately below them that increase in size with age, and there is a small black blotch on the upper operculum.
Distribution and habitat.
The threadfin jack is distributed throughout the tropical regions of the eastern Pacific Ocean, inhabiting the western coast of America. The northern limit to the species range is southern Baja California, with its range extending south to Mexico and Central America to a southern limit of Ecuador, with the species also recorded from the Galapagos Islands. It is one of only two species of the genus "Carangoides" found on the western coastline of the Americas, with the other species being the widely distributed island trevally, "Carangoides orthogrammus".
The species appears to undergo a major transition in lifestyle after its juvenile phase, with young individuals leading a pelagic lifestyle, able to be transported to offshore islands such as the Galapagos by currents. Older individuals are more benthic in nature, inhabiting the bottom of the water column in mostly coastal waters on reefs.
Smaller fish have been recorded from estuaries, mangrove lined creeks, shallow bays and lagoons, although larger fish live in much deeper waters up to in depth.
Biology and fishery.
Much of biology and ecology of the threadfin jack is unknown, with the species diet the only studied aspect of its biology. A study in fishes of the continental shelf of Colombia found the species takes predominantly small, benthic fishes of the families Triglidae, Synodontidae and Batrachoididae. Other common prey included benthic crustaceans including various crabs and shrimps.
Nothing is known of its reproductive cycle, although it has been inferred the juveniles live a pelagic lifestyle.
The threadfin jack is of some importance to fisheries throughout its range, although individual catch statistics for the species are not kept. It is often caught by hook and line methods or by gill nets and various artisanal traps. It is considered to be good to excellent table fair, and is marketed both fresh and salted. The species has also been found at a number of archaeological sites in both Panama and Ecuador, indicating it has been caught by humans for food for at least 3450 years. The threadfin jack is also of interest to anglers who catch the species occasionally, and is considered a minor gamefish. Juveniles are occasionally caught from shore based settings such as piers and breakwaters, while larger individuals are caught over deeper reefs. The species takes a variety of bait including fish and prawns, but they also take lures including hard body and small fly-like Sabiki lures.

</doc>
<doc id="19494380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494380" title="Fore Wood">
Fore Wood

Fore Wood is a 21.5 hectare (52.6 acre) biological Site of Special Scientific Interest in East Sussex, England. The site was notified in 1984 under the Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981. 
The SSSI is part of a RSPB reserve of the same name.

</doc>
<doc id="19494394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494394" title="Ingeborg Pehrson">
Ingeborg Pehrson

Ingeborg Pehrson (16 December 1886 - 11 April 1950) was a Danish stage and film actress.

</doc>
<doc id="19494411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494411" title="Johnny Punch">
Johnny Punch

Tom Demers (born August 30, 1978) better known by his ring name Johnny Punch, is an American professional wrestler, who competed in North American independent promotions including Derby City Wrestling, New England Championship Wrestling and Top Rope Promotions. He is best known however as a longtime mainstay of Ohio Valley Wrestling, a former World Wrestling Entertainment developmental territory, and one half of Gothic Mayhem with Pat Buck.
Career.
Early life and career.
Growing up in Lebanon, New Hampshire, Demers began watching professional wrestling at 7 or 8 years old. A fan of André the Giant and Hulk Hogan after watching WrestleMania III, he also became a fan of The Undertaker and Shawn Michaels during the "Attitude Era" as well as Extreme Championship Wrestling.
In the summer of 2004, Demers attended "Monday Night Raw" being held in Manchester, New Hampshire and afterwards went to a local bar where he met Ric Flair. Sitting next to Flair, it was while listening to his road stories that he decided to become a professional wrestler. Considering several wrestling schools in the New England-area, he eventually decided on Ohio Valley Wrestling and moved to Louisville, Kentucky two months later. He received the majority of his training from Mike Mondo and Rip Rogers although Al Snow and Robert Gibson were also involved. Demers, who was a fan of Gibson and Ricky Morton, often suggested a match between The Rock 'n' Roll Express and Gothic Mayhem but nothing came of these plans.
Ohio Valley Wrestling (2006).
On August 2, 2006, Demers made his wrestling debut against Jack Bull in a dark match at an OVW television taping. At OVW's "Six Flags Show"' on August 11, he participated in an 18-man battle royal including Jack Bull, Shad Gaspard, Elijah Burke, Lennox Lightfoot, Ranger Milton, Rod Steele, Eddie Craven III, Mike Kruel, Jon Bolen, The Neighborhoodie, Shawn Osborne, Seth Skyfire, Pat Buck, Los Locos and The Untouchables. Weeks later, he was introduced as the tag team partner of Pat Buck, and together they formed Gothic Mayhem. Portraying heavy metal-punk rockers, their entourage included valets Melody and Roni Jonah who followed the team as groupies. Initially successful, the team debuted against Los Locos defeating them at an August 16 television taping at the Davis Arena. They soon hit a slump with losses against Bad Company (Eddie Craven and Mike Kruel) and High Dosage (Jon Bolen and Ryan Reeves). On September 27, he teamed with Rob Roy McCoy and Devin Driscoll in a 3-on-1 handicap match against Oleg Prudius. He also had single matches against Ryan Reeves and The Neighborhoodie.
On October 28, he and Buck took on OVW Southern Tag Team Champions Cody Runnels and Shawn Spears but failed to win the titles. During the next three months, Johnny Punch wrestled in single matches losing to Chris Rombola, Boris Alexiev and Steve Lewington. He also teamed with Chad Wicks against Damian Adams and Rob Roy McCoy on December 14, 2006.
Although sometimes accompanied by Buck, Melody and Roni Jonah, it was not until early the next year when he and Buck would wrestle as a tag team. On January 10, 2007, he and Buck lost to Terminal Velocity (Chet the Jet and Steve Lewington) in a four-way match with Los Locos and The Untouchables. Later that month, they became involved in a feud with Chris Rombola, a regular opponent of Johnny Punch during the previous year. Defeating Rombola and Jake Hager on January 31, they also attacked him during a mock "Battle of the Bands" segment on OVW television the following month when Pat Buck smashed an electric guitar over Rombola's head.
Although dominating their feud with Rombola, they continued losing matches against Kofi Nahaje Kingston and Harry Smith and Chet the Jet and Steve Lewington. On March 7, they also lost to Charles "The Hammer" Evans and Justin "The Ox" LaRouche in a four-way match with Chet the Jett and Steve Lewington and The Belgian Brawler and Nicholas Sinn to decide the number one contenders for the OVW Southern Tag Team Championship.
On April 25, Gothic Mayhem teamed with Tony Braddock to beat TJ Dalton and Jamin Olivencia and Mike Hutter in a 6-man tag team match. Facing Loc Locos and Terminal Velocity, they also feuded with The Major Brothers during the summer. At the June 1 OVW Six Flags Show, Punch teamed with Ramon Loco against The Daltons (Jesse and Justice Dalton). He also wrestled single matches against Steve Lewington, Chet The Jett, Colt Cabana, Atlas DaBone, Idol Stevens and Jamin Olivencia in dark matches on OVW television. On August 10, he lost to Christian York at OVW's "Six Flags Show" and, in house shows, he also lost to Ace Steele in Hillview, Kentucky and Chris Cage in Cincinnati, Ohio.
On October 10, Gothic Mayhem lost to Los Locos in a qualifying match to enter the championship tournament for the OVW Southern Tag Team Championship. He also feuded with Ted "The Trailer" McNailer and, with Melody, faced him in a mixed tag team match with Serena Deeb on October 20. He and Buck would make their last tag team appearance losing to The Major Brothers on November 7.
Recent years.
Demers continued to lose matches throughout late-2007. He began to gain a small following by this time in matches against Matt Sydal, Dre Blitz, Totally Awesome, Antoni Polaski, Ace Steel, Big Sal and, in an intergender match, against his former valet Melody. On December 19, 2007, he lost to OVW announcer Timmy Baltimore in his 100th consecutive loss.
In January 2008, he lost to Kassidy James, Jay Bradley, Matt Classic, Justin LaRouche, Charles Evans and Lupe Viscara. By the time he had scored his first major singles victory against Drew McIntyre on February 28, ending his 123rd match losing streak, he had become an established "babyface". His match took place at the final WWE-affiliated OVW television show. On April 19, he and Damien Adams lost to The Insurgency (Ali and Omar Akbar).
During the summer of 2008, he returned to New England as part of Eastern Pro Wrestling's "United We Slam" tour. On July 12, He pinned Ray Kejimura in a special challenge match on NECW's "Red, White & Bruised" supercard held at the National Guard Armory in Quincy, Massachusetts. This match would later air on NECW TV in early August. A week later, he and Owen Graichen wrestled EPW Tag Team Champions "Egomaniac" Jonny Idol and "Nightmare" Nick Steel at the American Legion Hall in White River Junction, Vermont. The event was a fundraiser for the American Legion. He also teamed with Alex Arion in several tag team matches including against Doink the Clown and The Turtle at the Bank Street Armory in Fall River, Massachusetts on August 1.
Return to OVW (September 2008 - May 2009).
Demers made his return to OVW on September 2008 in a promo, encouraging fans to support him to get more attention in the wrestling company. They did, and thus he made his re-debut match in early October that met with success. His success would continue into the ongoing weeks. He then formed a tag team with fellow OVW wrestler Rudy Switchblade. On January 17, 2009, he won the OVW Television Championship. He lost the championship on February 4, 2009 to Mike Mondo. The tag team of Switchblade and Demers became known as "Knuckles & Knives". During May 2009 they both left OVW.
PT Wrestling (May 2009 - Present).
Demers and Switchblade made their debut as a tag team on May 2009 as a part of the PT Wrestling roster. It was at this time that they captured the PT Wrestling Tag Team Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="19494413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494413" title="Justin Watson">
Justin Watson

Justin Watson (born January 7, 1975 in Bronx, New York) is a former professional American football player who played running back for three seasons for the St. Louis Rams.

</doc>
<doc id="19494417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494417" title="Lookout Point Lake">
Lookout Point Lake

Lookout Point Lake (also Lookout Point Reservoir) is a large reservoir on the Middle Fork Willamette River in Lane County, Oregon, United States. It was created in 1953 with the construction of Lookout Point Dam. 
The downstream end of the reservoir is about southeast of Eugene. It lies immediately upriver from Dexter Lake, another reservoir. The city of Lowell is nearby, along the north shore of Dexter Lake. Oregon Route 58 follows the lake's southern shore and Boundary Road the northern shore. The lake, about long, continues upriver to within about of Oakridge. 
Lookout Point Dam, high, impounds up to of water. It helps control flooding, generates electricity, and provides a place for boating and other outdoor recreation.
History.
The two reservoirs, Lookout Point and Dexter, were created in the early 1950s, when the United States Army Corps of Engineers finished building the dams that contain them. Dexter exists partly as a re-regulating basin that controls water surges from Lookout Point Lake. The pair of dams work together to prevent downstream flooding.
Both dams are equipped with powerhouses that generate electricity. Lookout Point Dam has three generating units that can produce a combined 120,000 kilowatts of power. Water levels in the dam are usually high from May through August. To supply demands for water downriver, a gradual drawdown of lake water begins in July and extends through September. After September, the lake is emptied more rapidly to make room for high river flows that enter the lake during the winter. The Lookout Point and Dexter projects are among 13 built by the Corps in the Willamette Valley.
Recreation.
Recreation on or near the lake includes boating and fishing, camping and picnicking. Large populations of rough fish such as northern pikeminnows and suckers limit the catch of fish such as rainbow trout considered desirable by sports fishers. Strong winds, big waves, and annual fluctuations in the lake level also make fishing more difficult. 
Several picnicking and boat launches run by the county, the state, or the Willamette National Forest are located around the lake. Some of the ramps become disconnected from the lake when the water is low, but the ramps near Lowell and the dam remain operational all year. Camping spots are available at Black Canyon Campground, managed by the United States Forest Service, near the southeast end of the lake.

</doc>
<doc id="19494430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494430" title="John Donnelly">
John Donnelly

John Donnelly may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19494459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494459" title="Lincoln Coleman">
Lincoln Coleman

Lincoln Coleman, Jr. (born August 12, 1969 in Dallas, Texas) is a former professional American football player who played running back for two seasons for the Dallas Cowboys.

</doc>
<doc id="19494464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494464" title="Roman Kopin">
Roman Kopin

Roman Kopin (; born 5 March 1974 in Kostroma, Kostroma Oblast) is the governor of Chukotka, Russia. He succeeded Roman Arkadyevich Abramovich in July 2008.
Political career.
In 1994, Kopin began his political career as the deputy director of the Nizhniy Novgorod Regional Center for Youth Initiatives. In 1995, he was an inspector in the legal department. He later became the leader of the group in the Kostroma custom that dealt with issues involving infringement of custom laws. In 1998, Kopin worked in the branch of the bank SBS-Agro in Kostroma. In 1999, Kopin was appointed as the advisor of Alexander Nazarov, who was the governor of Chukotka at the time. Kopin was also the advisor of Nazarov's successor, Roman Arkadyevich Abramovich. In December 2001, Kopin was chosen to be the chief of the municipal union in Chaunskiy district. Two years later, in December of 2003, he was chosen to be the chief of the municipal district in Bilibinskiy. In these two elections, Kopin received over 70% of the vote.
In April 2008, Kopin was elected to be the deputy governor of Chukotka. He became the supervisor of the department of industrial and agricultural policy.
Governorship.
Kopin became the acting governor on 3 July 2008, when Roman Abramovich, the then-governor of Chukotka, resigned. On 11 July Dmitry Medvedev, the president of Russia, nominated Kopin to be the governor. On 13 July the local legislators unanimously confirmed Kopin as the next governor of Chukotka. He was officially inaugurated in Anadyr to be the governor of Chutka on 24 July 2008.
Personal life.
Roman Kopin was born in Kostroma, Kostroma Oblast, on 5 March 1974. In 1996, he graduated from Volgo-Vyatskaya Academy. He majored in state and municipal governing. Kopin is married and has a son.

</doc>
<doc id="19494466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494466" title="Tsuji Gettan Sukemochi">
Tsuji Gettan Sukemochi

Tsuji Gettan Sukemochi (辻月丹資茂) (sometimes read as Shukeshige) (1648-1728) was a Japanese swordsman who founded the kenjutsu of Mugai-ryū in 1695. Tsuji Gettan was born in Masugimura, Omi (Shiga prefecture) as the second son to a local samurai. At the age of 13, Gettan was sent to Kyoto to train under the revered sensei Yamaguchi Bokushinsai's Yamaguchi-ryū.
Gettan trained with Yamaguchi for thirteen years, receiving "Menkyo Kaiden", full-transmission, of Yamaguchi-ryū at the age of twenty-six, in 1674.
Inception of Swordplay.
For some reason, perhaps feeling unskilled, or searching for a way to test out his prowess, Tsuji Gettan went on a musha shugyō, warrior's pilgrimage, confining himself at Mt. Atago in Kyoto and Mt. Aburahidake in the Omi.
Having pursued time as a Shugyōsha, Gettan traveled to Edo where he decided to open up his own dojo in the Kojimachi district. While he was incredibly talented with the sword, there were no būshi enrolled at his school.

</doc>
<doc id="19494475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494475" title="Hr. Petit">
Hr. Petit

Hr. Petit ("Mr Petit") is a 1948 Danish crime film directed by Alice O'Fredericks.

</doc>
<doc id="19494476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494476" title="Nordhavets mænd">
Nordhavets mænd

Nordhavets mænd is a 1939 Danish family adventure film directed by Lau Lauritzen.

</doc>
<doc id="19494514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494514" title="Jack Peden">
Jack Peden

John "Jack" Peden (12 July 1863 – 15 September 1944) was an Irish footballer who played as an outside left for Newton Heath and Sheffield United in the 1890s. He made 24 appearances and scored seven goals for Ireland in a 12-year international career, interrupted by a two-year gap while he played in England (England-based players were not selected for the Ireland national team until 1899).
Born in Belfast, Peden began his career with Linfield as a 21-year-old in 1886. He signed for Newton Heath in February 1893, but did not make his debut for the Manchester side until the opening game of the 1893–94 season against Burnley on 2 September 1893. Peden left the Heathens at the end of the season to join Sheffield United, but he could not hold down a first-team place with the Yorkshire side, and returned to Ireland to play for Distillery. He finally returned to Linfield in 1898 before retiring at the end of the 1898–99 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19494522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494522" title="Joe Fishback">
Joe Fishback

Joe Fishback (born November 29, 1967 in Knoxville, Tennessee)to Shirley Battle and Joe Fishback, Sr. He is a former professional football player who played cornerback for five seasons for the Atlanta Falcons, New York Jets, and Dallas Cowboys.
College.
Earned All-American Honors at Carson-Newman (Jefferson City, TN) where he was a 3-year starter. Recorded 293 tackles and 11 INT (returned 3 for TD) during his career...was runner up in NAIA's Player of the Year voting and was named Conference "Defensive Player of the Year" in 1989. Member of NAIA Division I Champions 1986, 1988-89.
NFL career.
Signed with the Jets as a freeagent on March 13, 1991. Played 14 games with Atlanta as a reserve defensive back (5 tackles) while excelling on special teams. He led the Falcons with 24 tackles, he partially blocked punt, and returned both a punt and kickoff for touchdowns. Was 3-29-9.7-19-0 as a KOR...named ATL's "Special Teams Player of the Week" 6 times. signed as a FA with ATL.1990 Injured his back n 3rd preseason game and spent the 1990 season on the GIA's IR list with a transverse process. Originally signed with the Giants as a FA. He played Special Teams as a part of the Dallas Cowboys 1994 Super Bowl XXVIII Championship Team.
Personal life.
Joe Fishback is married to Irish Howard, who is the Publisher of I Weekly Magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="19494535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494535" title="Hillberry Corner">
Hillberry Corner

Hillberry Corner ( or "Cronkybury")is situated at the 36th Milestone road-side marker on the Snaefell Mountain Course on the primary A18 Mountain Road and the road junction with the C22 Little Mill Road in the parish of Onchan in the Isle of Man.
Hillberry Corner was part of the Highland Course and Four Inch Course used for the Gordon Bennett Trial and Tourist Trophy automobile car races between 1904 and 1922. For the 1908 Tourist Trophy race for racing automobiles the startline was moved from the road junction of the A2 Quarterbridge Road/Alexander Drive to Hillberry Corner as part of the new Four Inch Course. A small iron-framed grandstand was built for spectators and still remains at the site. The Hillberry Corner is part of the Mountain Course used since 1911 for the Isle of Man TT and Manx Grand Prix Races. 
To facilitate racing on the Clypse Course for the 1954 Isle of Man TT Races, during the winter of 1953/54 road widening occurred on the Mountain Course at Creg-ny-Baa along with Signpost Corner, the section of road from Hillberry Corner to Cronk-ny-Mona and the approach to Governor's Bridge. 

</doc>
<doc id="19494542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494542" title="Paul Truscott">
Paul Truscott

Paul Truscott is an English professional boxer from Middlesbrough. He is a former Commonwealth featherweight champion.
Professional career.
Early career.
Truscott made his professional debut in June 2006 at the Winter Gardens in Blackpool, with a win over experienced journeyman Billy Smith. His first pro fight in his native town of Middlesbrough came the fight after he defeated Steve Gethin at the Eston Sports Academy, with both wins coming after 4 rounds. His winning record continued with victories including, amongst others, the tough Ben Odamattey and Riaz Durgahed on his way to compiling a 10-0 record.
Commonwealth Champion.
When Jackson Asiku chose to vacate his title Truscott found himself in line for a crack at the vacant commonwealth featherweight belt. Despite having never been more than 8 rounds before Truscott defeated tough Ghanaian Osumana Akaba over 12 to win the title. After the fight an emotional Truscott said "“I can’t explain what it means...I’ve shoved all the setbacks I had as an amateur down everyone’s throats and proved them all wrong...And I’ve showed that you can achieve things when you come from Middlesbrough and be someone.""
Truscott returned to the ring in October 2008 and met the Belgian fighter Alex Miskirtchian (13-1-1) in Burton. The fight was a non-title affair over 8 rounds and proved to be a good test for the fighter who took his record to 12-0 following another points victory. The first defence of his Commonwealth title came in January 2009 and ended in disappointment when losing to former British champion John Simpson. The fight having been halted in the 8th round when a clash of heads forced the referee to stop the fight on the advice of the ringside doctor, handing the title to the Scotsman. Truscott returned to the ring in June and won a six rounder against the Russian Andrey Kostin before on 4 September 2009 becoming the first defence of Simpson's newly won belt. It was to be another disappointing evening for Truscott when after receiving a standing count in the 9th round, the fight was stopped in the 10th handing another win to the Scot with both fighters having fought the bout at a furious tempo.
Comeback.
Truscott returned to the ring on 7 May 2010 with a win over journeyman Mykyta Lukin at the Kingsway Leisure Centre in Widnes. The victory was followed up with two further wins in 2010 beating Zsolt Nagy in Wigan on 25 September and travelling to Ireland to beat Yordan Vasilev on 20 November. In his first fight of 2011 on 5 March Truscott traveled to Huddersfield and once again defeated the Hungarian journeyman Zsolt Nagy, winning on points over 6 rounds.

</doc>
<doc id="19494543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494543" title="2008–09 Eskişehirspor season">
2008–09 Eskişehirspor season

Following are the results of the 2008–09 Eskişehirspor season. Eskişehirspor is a football club in Eskişehir, Turkey. Also known as Kırmızı Şimşekler (Red Lightnings) or The Star of Anatolia. The club was founded in 1965 and started a football revolution in Anatolia. Eskişehirspor started a long term stay in the first league in Turkey when they were founded.

</doc>
<doc id="19494555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494555" title="Tory Nixon">
Tory Nixon

Torran Blake Nixon (born February 24, 1962 in Eugene, Oregon) is a former professional American football cornerback in the National Football League for the San Francisco 49ers. He played college football at San Diego State University and was drafted in the second round of the 1985 NFL Draft by the Washington Redskins.

</doc>
<doc id="19494558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494558" title="Devil Mountain Lakes">
Devil Mountain Lakes

Devil Mountain Lakes is a maar (a form of crater lake) in the western part of Alaska. The lake is considered being the largest maar in the world.
Geography.
Devil Mountain Lakes are located about southwest of Kotzebue on the northern part of the Seward Peninsula. The coordinates are . 
The crater lake has a diameter of about and is part of the Bering Land Bridge National Preserve. Devil Mountain Lakes are rather unusual consisting of a double crater divided into "North Devil Mountain lake" having a diameter of about and "South Devil Mountain lake" having a diameter of about .
There are several maars the "Killeak Lakes" (North Killeak maar and South Killeak maar) and "White Fish Lake" (Whitefish Maar) close by and the area is sometimes also called "Espenberg Maars".
History.
The lake was probably shaped during volcanic eruptions about 21000 years ago during the Pleistocene Ice Age as lava flows came through the permafrost creating violent underground explosions.
On December 1, 1978 the nature reserve was established as "Bering Land Bridge National Monument" changing the name on December 2, 1980 to "Bering Land Bridge National Preserve".

</doc>
<doc id="19494565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494565" title="Det gælder os alle">
Det gælder os alle

Det gælder os alle is a 1949 Danish drama film directed by Alice O'Fredericks.

</doc>
<doc id="19494590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494590" title="Shawano Municipal Airport">
Shawano Municipal Airport

Shawano Municipal Airport is a city and county owned, public use airport located one nautical mile (2 km) northeast of the central business district of Shawano, a city in Shawano County, Wisconsin, United States. It is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015, which categorized it as a "general aviation" facility. The airport is located on Shawano Lake and has a landing area for seaplanes.
Although many U.S. airports use the same three-letter location identifier for the FAA and IATA, this facility is assigned EZS by the FAA but has no designation from the IATA (which assigned EZS to Elazığ Airport in Elazığ, Turkey).
Facilities and aircraft.
Shawano Municipal Airport covers an area of 295 acres (119 ha) at an elevation of 813 feet (248 m) above mean sea level. It has two asphalt paved runways: 12/30 is 3,900 by 75 feet (1,189 x 23 m) and 17/35 is 2,225 by 60 feet (678 x 18 m). The airport also has one seaplane landing area measuring 12,000 by 1,000 feet (3,658 x 305 m).
For the 12-month period ending June 15, 2011, the airport had 15,250 aircraft operations, an average of 41 per day: 93% general aviation, 5% air taxi, and 2% military. At that time there were 32 aircraft based at this airport: 84.4% single-engine, 9.4% multi-engine, and 6.2% ultralight.

</doc>
<doc id="19494597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494597" title="Johnnie Jackson (American football)">
Johnnie Jackson (American football)

Johnnie Bobby Jackson (born January 11, 1967 in Houston, Texas) is a former professional American football cornerback in the National Football League. He played four seasons for the San Francisco 49ers (1989–1992) and the Green Bay Packers (1992).

</doc>
<doc id="19494599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494599" title="Lucky Peak Lake">
Lucky Peak Lake

Lucky Peak Lake (also known as Lucky Peak Reservoir) is a reservoir on the Boise River in the U.S. state of Idaho. It is located mainly in Ada County, extending into Boise County and Elmore County. It was created in 1955 with the construction of Lucky Peak Dam. Lucky Peak State Park surrounds part of the lake.

</doc>
<doc id="19494604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494604" title="Gob-ny-Geay">
Gob-ny-Geay

Gob-ny-Geay (or "Gob ny geayee", in Manx Gaelic the "mouth of the wind") is situated at the 35th Milestone on the Snaefell Mountain Course on the primary A18 Mountain Road in the parish of Onchan in the Isle of Man.
Gob-ny-Geay was part of the Highland Course and Four Inch Course used for the Gordon Bennett Trial and Tourist Trophy automobile car races between 1904 and 1922. The Gob-ny-Geay straight is part of the Mountain Course used since 1911 for the Isle of Man TT and Manx Grand Prix Races. 

</doc>
<doc id="19494622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494622" title="Chopped 'n' Skrewed">
Chopped 'n' Skrewed

"Chopped 'n' Skrewed" is the second single released from R&B singer-songwriter T-Pain's third album, "Thr33 Ringz". The song features American rapper Ludacris. It was first released on the Canadian iTunes on September 22, 2008, the same day the song was also added to T-Pain's MySpace. It was released in the US on iTunes on September 30.
Background.
The song has a futuristic beat and creates different scenarios about men being misled and blown off by women. The title and style of the song refers to the chopped and screwed genre of music. It also features the autotune feature to produce its static and powerful beat
T-Pain performed the song on Saturday Night Live on November 22, 2008 with Ludacris, along with "One More Drink". At the 2008 BET Hip-Hop Awards, T-Pain and Ludacris performed the song along with Lil Wayne. The instrumental of the song was used in a commercial bumper on Adult Swim, which T-Pain is associated with.
Music video.
The video, which features elements from "Can't Believe It", was expected to be released on October 14, along with the single release of the album's third single "Freeze," according to the iTunes Store countdown to "Thr33 Ringz". However it was released on October 12 and can be viewed on T-Pain's YouTube account. The video features a cameo from DJ Khaled and Sophia Fresh.
Remixes.
The song was mashed up with The Pains of Being Pure At Heart by The Hood Internet. A remix of the song which featured R. Kelly was leaked on the Internet. There is also a remix by S.U.C. It is featured on Swishahouse mixtape "Final Chapter 8".

</doc>
<doc id="19494635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494635" title="Taje Allen">
Taje Allen

Taje LaQuane Allen (born November 6, 1973 in Fairburn, Georgia) is a former professional American football player who played cornerback for six seasons for the St. Louis Rams and Kansas City Chiefs in the National Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="19494647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494647" title="Charles T. Wethington, Jr.">
Charles T. Wethington, Jr.

Charles T. Wethington Jr. (born January 2, 1936 in Casey County, Kentucky) was the tenth president of the University of Kentucky from 1990 to 2001.
Early life.
Wethington graduated from St. Bernard High School in Clementsville, Kentucky, attended Brescia College from 1952 to 1954 and transferred to Eastern Kentucky University where he was graduated in 1956 with a B.A. in English and History. He received a B.A. in 1962 from the University of Kentucky in Education as well as his Ph.D. in 1966. He then served on the faculty of UK and was an administrator at several levels in University of Kentucky's Community College System, the forerunner to the current Kentucky Community and Technical College System, culminating in his appointment as Chancellor for the Community College System.
President of UK.
Wethington was appointed Interim President of the University of Kentucky in 1989 and appointed as President in 1990. He set out to raise the academic standards for admission and instruction at the university and was successful at this, evidenced by admissions test scores and national rankings for programs at the school. He oversaw the building and opening of the central library facility, the William T. Young Library in 1998, as well as 40 other building projects at the university. 
On June 30, 2001, Wethington stepped down as president and served for two years in a fundraising role for UK. He is now retired in Lexington.
Legacy.
The University of Kentucky opened the Charles T. Wethington, Jr. Building in 2003, named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="19494658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494658" title="We Want a Child!">
We Want a Child!

We Want a Child! () is a 1949 Danish drama film directed by Lau Lauritzen, Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks.

</doc>
<doc id="19494659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494659" title="State Savings Bank">
State Savings Bank

State Savings Bank may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19494672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494672" title="List of Japanese operations during World War II">
List of Japanese operations during World War II

This is a list of known Japanese operations planned, executed or aborted during the Second World War.

</doc>
<doc id="19494679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494679" title="Lorenzo Styles">
Lorenzo Styles

Lorenzo Styles (born January 31, 1974 in Sharon, Pennsylvania) is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for six seasons for the Atlanta Falcons and St. Louis Rams, and spent half a season as the Head Coach of the Marion Blue Racers.
Early life.
As a prep star at Farrell High School in Farrell, Pennsylvania from 1990 and 1991, he was inducted into the Mercer County Hall of Fame. He also attended Independence High School in Columbus, Ohio
College career.
Heavely recruited by Ohio State University in which he received a full ride and played for Coach John Cooper for 3 seasons before he decided to take his talents to the NFL early.
Professional career.
Atlanta Falcons.
He was drafted in the 3rd round by the Atlanta Falcons in the 3rd round of the 1995 NFL Draft. He ended up playing for 2 seasons as linebacker and on special teams.
St. Louis Rams.
Traded in 1996 he went on to play for the St. Louis Rams, he went on to play for 4 seasons as a linebacker and special teams player. He helped the Rams win Super Bowl XXXIV.
Post football.
Lorenzo retired in the beginning of the 2000 season after a 6-year professional career. Since, he has seen success working with real estate moguls and investment tycoons. President of his own Corporation, he directs one of Ohio and Western Pennsylvania's largest construction and renovation entities for schools, housing, rec-ceners, and retirement communities. Lorenzo also serves on many local, city and county Government Board of Directors in the city of Columbus, Ohio where he helps set and oversee building laws and guidelines. Lorenzo spends his free time coaching a Pee-wee football team, and running a sports and humanity development campaign with an enrollment of over 1,000 children with varying bakcgrounds. He also coaches the local Columbus Semi-Pro football team, and helps to prepare players for the next level. Lorenzo's post-football success comes at no surprise to those who knew him while he played the game.
Coaching career.
Ohio Dominican.
From 2009-2010, he was the linebackers coach for the Ohio Dominican University Panthers.
Marion Mayhem.
In 2010, Styles was named the Defensive Line Coach for the Marion Mayhem, an indoor football team in the Continental Indoor Football League. There he worked with League Sack Record Holder, Thomas McKenzie. The Mayhem lacked financial stability and were unable to finish the season. McKenzie went on to play for the Fort Wayne FireHawks, and was named 1st Team All-CIFL.
Dayton Silverbacks.
In 2011, Styles became the Defensive Coordinator and defensive backs coach for the Dayton Silverbacks, also of the CIFL. The Silverbacks went on to the playoffs as the 3rd best team in the league. Chris Respress won the Defensive Player of the Year, after playing under Styles.
Marion Blue Racers.
On August 17, 2011, he was named the Head Coach for the Marion Blue Racers for the 2012 season. He will be leading to the Blue Racers into their first year as a member of the United Indoor Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="19494682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494682" title="Erika Voigt">
Erika Voigt

Erika Voigt (28 November 1898 – 29 May 1952) was a Danish stage and film actress. Her son, Jens Brenaa was also an actor in the mid-1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="19494683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494683" title="Fabrice N'Guessi">
Fabrice N'Guessi

Fabrice N'Guessi Ondama (born February 27, 1988 in Ouenzé) is a Congolese football player who is currently playing for Wydad Casablanca.
International.
He made his first cap for Congo national football team in the WCQ match against Mali on 7 September 2008.
Honours.
He was the MVP 2007 by the African Cup of Nations U-20.

</doc>
<doc id="19494692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494692" title="Mont Ngaoui">
Mont Ngaoui

Mont Ngaoui is the highest mountain in the Central African Republic. It is located on the border with Cameroon and has a summit elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="19494717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494717" title="Asta Hansen">
Asta Hansen


</doc>
<doc id="19494718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494718" title="Chi vuol essere miliardario?">
Chi vuol essere miliardario?

Chi vuol essere miliardario? (English translation: "Who wants to be a billionaire?") was an Italian game show based on the original British format of "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?". The show was hosted by Gerry Scotti. The main goal of the game was to win 1,000,000,000 Italian lire by answering 15 multiple-choice questions correctly. There were three "lifelines" - fifty fifty, phone a friend and ask the audience. "Chi vuol essere miliardario?" was broadcast from 2000 to 2001. It was shown on the Italian TV station Canale 5. When a contestant got the fifth question correct, he left with at least ₤1,000,000. When a contestant got the tenth question correct, he left with at least ₤32,000,000. There was one winner of the show, Francesca Cinelli. Since 2002 the show is called "Chi vuol essere milionario?", after the transition of Italy's currency to Euros.
Francesca Cinelli's billion lire question.
Legend:

</doc>
<doc id="19494721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494721" title="Tom Chivers">
Tom Chivers

Tom Chivers is a British poet, editor and live literature promoter.
Born 1983 in South London, he was educated at Dulwich College and then at St Anne's College, Oxford. He currently lives in East London.
Chivers is director of Penned in the Margins, an independent poetry publisher and arts producing company. He was Co-Director of London Word Festival (2007- 2011) and was Poet in Residence at The Bishopsgate Institute. In 2009, he won the Crashaw Prize for his debut collection, "How To Build A City", which was also shortlisted for the London New Poets Award. "The Terrors" was shortlisted for the Michael Marks Award for Poetry Pamphlets. In 2011 he won an Eric Gregory Award from the Society of Authors.
In 2009 Chivers was awarded a Paul Hamlyn Foundation Breakthrough Award for his work with London Word Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="19494739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494739" title="2008 Sligo Senior Football Championship">
2008 Sligo Senior Football Championship

This is a round-up of the 2008 Sligo Senior Football Championship. Eastern Harps were crowned champions for the sixth time in their history, after a convincing defeat of Tubbercurry in the decider. The reigning champions, Tourlestrane, surrendered the title after failing to emerge from their group, and the once-dominant town outfit, St. Mary's, were forced to survive a playoff to retain their senior status. The 2000 champions Bunninadden were not so fortunate however, and were relegated to Intermediate level, just two years after last contesting the final.
Group Stages.
The Championship was contested by 16 teams, divided into four groups. The top two sides in each group advanced to the Quarter-Finals, with the bottom sides in each group facing the Relegation playoffs to retain Senior status for 2009, as the restructuring of the Championships got under way.

</doc>
<doc id="19494740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494740" title="Haidari concentration camp">
Haidari concentration camp

The Haidari concentration camp (, "stratópedo syngéntrosis Chaidaríou", ) was a concentration camp operated by the German "Schutzstaffel" at the Athens suburb of Haidari during the Axis Occupation of Greece in World War II. Operating from September 1943 until it was shut down in September 1944, it was the largest and most notorious concentration camp in wartime Greece, becoming known as the "Bastille of Greece". 
It was a transit camp established on the grounds of a Greek Army barracks, and it is estimated that in the one year of its operation, some 21,000 people passed through it, including Jews, Italian POWs and Greek political prisoners. The majority of these was transported north, to Auschwitz in the case of the Jews, or to forced labour in Germany, while others were detained for questioning by the Gestapo. It is estimated that ca. 2,000 inmates were executed there during the camp's operation.
Establishment.
Following the German invasion in April 1941 and until September 1943, most of Greece was under Italian occupation. The Italians had inherited the Greek pre-war prisons, which housed a great number of political prisoners, and established a number of concentration camps of their own in southern Greece. As the tide of the war turned against the Axis in the spring of 1943, the Italians decided to move the inmates to more secure locations: the inmates of the Acronauplia and Trikala prisons were transferred to Larissa. However, the mounting Greek Resistance movement in the countryside forced them to transport a large number to Attica. On 29 August 1943, 600 prisoners, including 243 Communists who had been imprisoned since before the war by the Metaxas Regime, were sent from Larissa to Athens. they arrived on 3 September, and were housed in the Haidari barracks. The regime in the camp was rather easy-going at first: visits and post were allowed, the inmates were not confined to their rooms, and did not have to perform manual labour. Italian control over Haidari was short-lived, however: on 8 September, Italy surrendered to the Allies, and on September 10, the Germans took over the camp.
Description of the camp.
The camp was never finished, and its structures were looted in 1941. As a result, it was in poor shape when the first prisoners arrived, and the situation would deteriorate further in the months to come, when the camp came under German control. The camp had a roughly rectangular shape, surrounded by a triple barbed wire fence, with guard towers at every 200 m. The camp's gate was on the western side of the fence. Most buildings were clustered on the northern half of the camp. Blocks 1 to 4 were located there, built in a staggered line towards the East. These were two-storey barracks buildings, divided in two equal but separate sections, western and eastern, with separate entrances to each. In addition, the north-eastern corner housed storage houses, the mess hall, the baths (Block 16), where the women's solitary confinement cells were also located, the workshops (Block 21) and the camp headquarters (Block 20). The infamous Block 15, located to the east of the headquarters, was the solitary confinement facility, with the camp guard's quarters and mess room. In the south-eastern corner there was the isolated women's wing (Block 6). Under the Germans, the first floor housed Jewish women, while the second floor was reserved for Christians. In total, over 300 Christian and 2,500 Jewish women passed through Haidari, including heroines of the Resistance such as Iro Konstantopoulou or Lela Karagianni (executed on 5 and 8 September 1944 respectively).
Under the Germans.
The new German commandant, sergeant Rudi Trepte, quickly imposed a more rigid regime, with prisoners confined to their rooms in their free time, and visits were restricted to once a month. Meanwhile, the camp's population began to grow: 300 prisoners from Kalamata arrived in October, and 400 were transferred from the Averof prisons in early November. On 23 November however, Trepte and his two Greek translators were arrested by the Gestapo, for reasons as yet unknown. After a few days, on November 28, the camp passed under the authority of the SS, and the "Sturmbannführer" Paul Radomski.
Radomski was an "Old Fighter" of the Nazi Party, and one of the early companions of the feared security chief Reinhard Heydrich in Hamburg. However, he was considered as brutal even by his fellow SS officers. His personal file called him "primitive", and as commander of the Syrets concentration camp near Kiev he led a terror regime, ordering severe punishments for the smallest infractions, and often personally shooting or whipping the inmates, a habit he carried over at Haidari.
Under Radomski, the camp inmates were put to labour in two four-hour shifts each day except Sundays. The inmates were divided into groups of 100 men, with a hecatontarch in charge of each. However, the labour was not intended for any productive purposes, but merely to break the prisoners' morale: they were made to dig holes and then refill them, build walls and then break them down. 
The first execution in the camp was carried out on 7 December, when Radomski personally executed a Greek Jewish man named Levi in front of the prisoners because he "attempted to escape during his arrest". This execution was to serve not only as a warning to the others, but, according to post-war psychological research, to "put the inmates in constant fear of their lives". In total, in the camp's one year of operations, about 1,800 people were executed, while another 300 died as a result of torture either at Haidari or in the Gestapo headquarters at Merlin street in central Athens. These numbers included 30 women, 104 invalids, and 230 students.
Radomski was relieved of his post in February 1944, after he threatened to shoot his own adjutant while drunk, and was replaced by Lieutenant Karl Fischer. Fischer reversed his predecessor's policies: instead of Radomski's brutal treatment, he relied on informants and spies among the prisoners. Despite the somewhat relaxed atmosphere, Fischer also oversaw the period of most activity on the camp: during spring and summer 1944, the Germans engaged in constant razzias, blockades and mass arrests in Athens, and the camp's inmate population peaking at several thousands in August, barely two months before Liberation. Several hundred of the people captured in these round-ups were then transported to Germany for forced labour.
German reprisal policies also saw a sharp rise in executions, most famously the case of the 200 Communists who were executed on 1 May 1944 at Kaisariani as a retaliation for the ambush and murder, by ELAS partisans, of German General Franz Krech at Molaoi in Laconia.
In March, the Germans also imprisoned several prominent politicians, whom they suspected of contacts with the British. These included the former Prime Ministers Georgios Kaphantaris, Themistoklis Sophoulis and Stylianos Gonatas, all leaders of the pre-war Liberal Party. The Athens SiPo/SD chief, Walter Blume, intended to execute them, along with other public figures, as the German army would withdraw, leaving the country in turmoil. In the end, Blume's "Chaos Thesis" was dismissed by his superiors, and the politicians were released in early September. Blume was arrested but released in 1953; he died in 1977.
Jews at Haidari.
Even though the Germans had already deported the Jews of Thessaloniki, which lay under their jurisdiction since 1941, they did not immediately move against the Jews of the formerly Italian zone. The first Jews arrived at Haidari on 4 December 1943, and were isolated in the basement of Block 3, but their number increased only slowly. The first mass arrivals came about in late March 1944, as the Germans moved simultaneously against Jewish communities throughout Greece. In these operations, Haidari served as the central transit camp to the extermination camps in Central Europe: on 23 March, about 700 to 1,000 members of the Athens community were rounded up and taken to Haidari, followed days later by 614 Jews from Epirus and Western Greece, including Jews with foreign passports. In early June, 1,850 Jews from the Ionian Islands arrived, and as late as 1 August, 1,700 Jews from Rhodes and the Dodecanese. All these were transported to Auschwitz.
Post-war history and commemoration.
Since the late 1940s, the camp has been used by the Greek Army, which established an infantry heavy weapons (ΚΕΒΟΠ) and a communications school (ΚΕΔ) on the grounds. Notably, in the 1950s, Block 15 was again used as a detention facility. However, following the Left's defeat in the Greek Civil War, public commemoration of locations associated with its role in the Greek Resistance was banned. Haidari, which was strongly associated with the 200 Communists executed on 1 May 1944, and a functioning Army base, was therefore off limits for several decades. Only in the 1980s, with the election of the socialist PASOK party to power and the passing of laws on the recognition of the Resistance and on national reconciliation, was the camp opened to annual commemoration events. Block 15 has since been declared a national monument site, and features in the logo of the Haidari municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="19494746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494746" title="Harry Clarke (footballer born 1923)">
Harry Clarke (footballer born 1923)

Harry Clarke (23 February 1923 – 16 April 2000) was a professional footballer who spent his entire senior career at Tottenham Hotspur. He also represented England on one occasion.
Football career.
Clarke joined Spurs in March 1949 from Lovells Athletic. He played a total of 322 matches at full back and netting four goals in all competitions between 1949–56. A cornerstone of the push and run side of the early 1950s when he featured in all 42 matches of the Championship winning side of 1950–51. After retiring from competitive football, Clarke joined the club's coaching staff.
On April 4, 1954 Clarke played with England in Hampden Park against Scotland in the Home International Championship which was also a World Cup 1954 qualifyer.

</doc>
<doc id="19494748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494748" title="Derek Tennell">
Derek Tennell

Derek Tennell (born February 12, 1964 in Los Angeles, California) is a former professional American football player who played tight end for six seasons for the Cleveland Browns, Detroit Lions, Dallas Cowboys, and Minnesota Vikings.

</doc>
<doc id="19494754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494754" title="Office for Fair Trading (Malta)">
Office for Fair Trading (Malta)

Office for Fair Trading (Malta) brings together the official and independent authorities responsible for the enforcement of the national and European Union legislation on trade competition as well as on consumer protection in Malta. As such, its scope is wider than the nearly homonymous official bodies like the Office of Fair Trading of the United Kingdom and of the states of Australia, which are almost exclusively focused on competition matters, a task undertaken more specifically in Malta by units within the frame of the Office through the Consumer and Competition Division; the Office for Fair Competition and the Commission for Fair Trading. Its director, the Director for Fair Competition, has wide investigatory powers facilitating the collection of evidence. The premises of the Maltese Office for Fair Trading are based in Santa Venera. 
The Office's Consumer and Competition Division is one of the entities that emerged from the remit of the former Ministry for Competitiveness and Communications following an operations review carried out in 2000.
Competition law enforcement.
Maltese law has no express provisions dealing specifically with actions for damages for breaches of
competition law and there are no specialised Courts that deal with actions for damages consequent to a breach. However, a party who suffers damages consequent to a breach of EC and/or national competition law may rely on the general provisions of the Maltese Civil Code dealing with the concept of damages and therefore the ordinary courts are competent. The Commission for Fair Trading may become involved in the proceedings and the question whether there has been an abuse of a dominant position by an undertaking or whether an agreement is null and unenforceable must be referred to the Commission for Fair Trading.
Consumer law enforcement.
The most widely used means of consumer redress in Malta is the out-of-court procedure through the Department of Consumer Affairs within the Consumer and Competition Division. The scheme serves both as an information relay on particular consumer matters and in issues concerning the purchase of goods or services, it also acts as an out-of-court redress procedure. Another out-of-court
consumer redress scheme is operated by the Malta Financial Services Authority, dealing specifically with financial services through the Consumer Complaints Manager. 
There are also two in-court simplified mechanisms, which can be used by consumers in solving business-to-consumer disputes, but only one of these has been specifically designed for the purpose. These are the Small Claims Tribunal and the Consumer Claims Tribunal, the latter being the one specifically designed for resolving consumer disputes.
Controversies.
The Office's anti-cartel policy and its effectiveness is a widely debated topic in Malta as it became apparent during a recent investigation on and the controversies surrounding the conditions of liberalization in the market for school uniforms.

</doc>
<doc id="19494784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494784" title="Niels Lunde">
Niels Lunde

Niels Lunde (born on October 31, 1962) is a Danish writer and columnist on business and economic issues. He is now writing columns and analysis in the Danish morning daily Politiken and frequently appears on financial issues on national television broadcaster TV2 News. 
Niels Lunde holds a master in Political Science from the University of Aarhus and worked as a consultant for Danish Employer’s Confederation 1988-94. He later became a reporter on economic issues at the Danish morning daily Berlingske Tidende in 1995. In 1998 Niels Lunde became business editor, he became editor in 1999 and 2002-2007 he was Editor-in-Chief and Director. Niels Lunde graduated in 2000 from WAN's Leaders 2000 and in 2005 from Norwegian Orkla's Senior Management Programme.
During the years 2002-2007 he headed a strategic newspaper project called “Closer to the Readers” in which the newspaper improved it’s financial result from a deficit of appr. 120 million DDK to a surplus of appr. 100 million DDK. In 2006 the format of the newspaper was changed from broadsheet to compact format.
In November 2006 Niels Lunde and two of the reporters of the newspaper were charged by the Danish Prosecutor with disclosing information from the Danish Defence Intelligence Service on the Iraq-war. The material disclosed information on the government’s position and were confidential for reasons of national security. The case received international coverage and in December 2006 the three men were acquitted. The verdict was seen as an important milestone in the work of strengthening the freedom of the press.
Niels Lunde together with his two co-editors Mrs. Elisabeth Rühne and Mr. Lars Poulsen left Berlingske Tidende in 2007 after the newspaper was taken over by the British Mecom Group headed by Mr. David Montgomery.

</doc>
<doc id="19494807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494807" title="Brett Carolan">
Brett Carolan

Brett Carolan (born March 16, 1971 in San Rafael, California) is a former professional American football player who played tight end for three seasons for the San Francisco 49ers and Miami Dolphins.

</doc>
<doc id="19494824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494824" title="P.">
P.

P. is an abbreviation or acronym that may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19494839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494839" title="Montague Road">
Montague Road

Montague Road may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19494841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494841" title="Antonio Goss">
Antonio Goss

Antonio Goss (born August 11, 1966 in Randleman, North Carolina) is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for seven seasons with the San Francisco 49ers and St. Louis Rams. Antonio Goss was a standout in high school sports, lettering in football, basketball, track, and baseball. His athleticism earned him All-American in Football during his senior year. A key member of Randleman’s 2A State Championship teams in 1981, 1982, and 1983. Antonio was named Captain of his football team his senior year based on his leadership on and off the field. Goss was inducted into the Randleman High School Sports Hall Fame in 2013. 

</doc>
<doc id="19494856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494856" title="Mont Bengoué">
Mont Bengoué

Mont Bengoué is the highest mountain in Gabon. Mont Bengoué is located in the Ogooué-Ivindo Province.

</doc>
<doc id="19494878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494878" title="Mickey Pruitt">
Mickey Pruitt

Mickey Pruitt (born January 10, 1965 in Bamberg, South Carolina) is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for five seasons for the Chicago Bears and Dallas Cowboys, and won a Super Bowl ring with the Cowboys in Super Bowl XXVII. Pruitt's father, George Pruitt, was a coach in 1982 for Paul Robeson High School. In 1997, Pruitt joined the University of Hawaii Warriors football team. In 2012, Pruitt became the director of the Chicago Bears Youth Football Camps.

</doc>
<doc id="19494885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494885" title="Autonomous University of Queretaro">
Autonomous University of Queretaro

The Autonomous University of Queretaro (in Spanish: Universidad Autónoma de Querétaro, UAQ) is a Mexican public university based in the city of Santiago de Querétaro, Querétaro, but with campuses around the state. The main campus is located in Cerro de las Campanas, but there are campuses is Amealco, Cadereyta, Jalpan, Juriquilla and San Juan del Río.
History.
The University of Queretaro (now the Autonomous University of Queretaro) was founded in 1951 after the closing of the Civil School. Octavio S. Mondragón, then Governor of Querétaro, helped found the university, in the form of a High School, Law School, and Engineering School. In 1952, the School of Chemistry and the School of Nursing were formed. In 1953, the Institute of Fine Arts was formed, and in 1954 the School of Commerce began.
On February 5, 1959, the university was declared autonomous. In 1967 the School of Psychology and the School of Modern Languages were created. The Cerro de las Campanas Campus became the main campus in December 1973. In 1978, the School of Medicine was founded; in 1984, Sociology; 1985, Veterinary; in 1978, both the School of Informatics (Computer Science) and the School of Philosophy. In 2010 the University opened its new Language Learning Facilities on the grounds of the old Ing. Fernando Espinoza Gutiérrez International Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="19494896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494896" title="St. John's Anglican Church (Peggys Cove, Nova Scotia)">
St. John's Anglican Church (Peggys Cove, Nova Scotia)

St. John's Anglican Church is an historic Carpenter Gothic style Anglican church building located at 8 Church Road in Peggys Cove, Nova Scotia, Canada. Built in 1893–94 of wood, St. John's is the only church in Peggys Cove. Its steep pitched roof, board and batten siding and lancet windows are typical of Carpenter Gothic churches. The church contains two murals painted in 1963 by noted Canadian artist and local resident William E. deGarthe.
St. John's is a municipally registered heritage site within the Halifax Regional Municipality as designated on February 22, 1993. The designation encompasses both the church building and the land on which it is located.
St. John's is part of St. Peter's Parish in the Anglican Diocese of Nova Scotia and Prince Edward Island. The current rector of the parish is the Rev. Anna Hoeg.

</doc>
<doc id="19494905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494905" title="Daryl E. Hooper">
Daryl E. Hooper

Daryl Egbert Hooper was an electronic engineer notable for pioneering engineering at La Trobe University and heading up the GEC Research Hirst Centre in the 1980s. He is also notable for his textbook on amplifier design.
Education.
Hooper graduated from Melbourne High School in December 1949. He received the Bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering (B. Eng.) from the University of Melbourne in 1953. He completed his master of engineering (M. Eng.) at the University of Melbourne, with a 1962 thesis entitled: "The Characterization of Transistors."
Career.
His first appointment was as a Research Engineer with GEC in London, there in 1956 he secured a patent for an improved transistor oscillator design. Hooper then returned to the University of Melbourne where he spent 10 years in the Electrical Engineering Department, first as a Lecturer and later as a Senior Lecturer. In 1967, he joined Plessey Pacific and subsequently was promoted to Chief Engineer of the Plessey Company in the UK, in charge of research and development.
Hooper's research and teaching experience was mainly in the area of transistor theory and characterization, pulse-forming circuits, wide band amplifiers, active filters and integrated circuit design. In 1968, Edward Moore Cherry and Daryl Hooper published their book on circuit design entitled "Amplifying Devices and Low-Pass Amplifier Design." The book ran to 1036 pages and was regarded as the premier book on the design of transistor amplifiers.
In 1975, Hooper was appointed to the Tad Szental Chair in Communication Engineering at La Trobe University with the charge to establish the first engineering department at La Trobe. His Department of Communication Engineering took in its first students in 1976. Hooper left La Trobe in 1980 to take up the position of Head of one of the Laboratories of the GEC Research Hirst Centre in Wembley, UK under the Director Derek Roberts. Subsequently in 1983 he became Director of HRC.
Death.
In 1986, Hooper died suddenly at home in Tring, UK. He was survived by his wife Jenny and two sons.
Legacy.
A lecturer theatre, at La Trobe University, is named after him. A series of seminars given by graduating final year students is named in his honour. The "Hooper Memorial Prize" named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="19494945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494945" title="Jewish Social Democratic Labour Party in Palestine (Poale Zion)">
Jewish Social Democratic Labour Party in Palestine (Poale Zion)

Jewish Social Democratic Labour Party in Palestine (Poale Zion) was a political party, founded in 1906 in Ottoman Palestine. Its founders belonged to a group of Jewish settlers, that had taken part in self-defense during the Homel pogrom. It was the Palestinian branch of the international Poale Zion movement.
The party joined the Second International in 1915. It was invited to join the International in February 1915, on the initiative of Émile Vandervelde, at a conference held in London (in which the Belgian, French, British and Russian labour parties participated. The meeting of the socialist parties from the Central Power countries, held in Vienna in April 1915 did not object to the affiliation of the party.

</doc>
<doc id="19494947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494947" title="Charlie Williams (American football)">
Charlie Williams (American football)

Charlie U. Williams (born February 2, 1972 in Detroit, Michigan) is a former professional American football player who played cornerback and Safety for six seasons for the Dallas Cowboys. He also played college football for Bowling Green State University.
Early years.
Williams attended Henry Ford High School, where he played wide receiver and cornerback. In a game he had as a junior, he registered eight receptions, scored three touchdowns and intercepted two passes. In his last two years he received all-city and all-public school league honors.
He accepted a scholarship to Bowling Green State University, where he became one of the best special teams players in school history. As a sophomore he had 3 blocked kicks. As a junior, he was used as a nickelback and reserve wide receiver, he also blocked 4 kicks. In his last year, he was named the starter at safety and even though he missed the last four games with a broken arm, he registered 31 tackles, two defensed passes and an interception. He also contributed with five receptions for 62 yards and a blocked kick.
Professional career.
The Dallas Cowboys coveted his special teams skills and his athletic ability, so they drafted him in the third round of the 1995 NFL Draft. As a rookie, he finished fourth on the team with 18 special teams tackles and was a part of the Super Bowl XXX championship team.
In 1996, he tore knee ligaments in a mini-camp and was placed on the Physically Unable to Perform list. Upon his return he was limited to 7 games and contributed in the nickel defense.
In 1997, he played on the nickel defense and established himself as one of the best special teams players in the NFL, by leading the Cowboys with 26 tackles and earning Pro Bowl consideration. Williams was also recognized as the best cover special teams player in the league, by Paul Zimmerman of Sports Illustrated.
In 1998, he was resigned by the Cowboys to a two year contract. He competed for the starting free safety position that was left open after Brock Marion left as a free agent, but it was eventually assigned to George Teague. During the year he made his first NFL career starts at cornerback (3), to replace the injured Kevin Smith and Deion Sanders. In 1999, he had 8 starts at cornerback.
Williams was not resigned after the end of the 2000 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19494948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494948" title="Sauromalus slevini">
Sauromalus slevini

The Monserrat chuckwalla,( Sauromalus slevini ) is a species of chuckwalla belonging to the Iguanidae family native to three small islands in the Sea of Cortes. 
Taxonomy and etymology.
The generic name, "sauromalus", is a combination of two Ancient Greek words:σαῦρος (sauros) meaning "lizard". and ομαλυς (omalus) meaning "flat". Its specific name "slevini" is a Latinized form of Joseph Richard Slevin, curator of Herpetology at the California Academy of Sciences from 1928-1957. The species was first described by American herpetologist John Van Denburgh in 1922.
The common name "Chuckwalla" derives from the Shoshone word "tcaxxwal" or Cahuilla "caxwal", transcribed by Spaniards as "chacahuala". 
Habitat and location.
The species if found on three islands in the Sea of Cortes: Islas Carmen, Coronados and Montserrat. Due to its restricted range it is a CITES protected animal.
Description.
The base color on its back is brown or olive green, with a yellow middorsal band but can be spotted, marbled, or cross-banded with red or darker brown. The head, tail and limbs are unicolor, and the tail may be faintly cross-banded with darker brown. The ventral surfaces are dull brown marbled or spotted with dark brown, especially on the throat.
Diet.
The Montserrat chuckwalla prefers dwelling in lava flows and rocky areas with nooks and crannies available for a retreat when threatened. These areas are typically vegetated by creosote bush and cholla cacti which form the staple of their diet as the chuckwalla is primarily herbivorous. The chuckwalla also feed on leaves, fruit and flowers of annuals, perennial plants, and even weeds; insects represent a supplementary prey if eaten at all.

</doc>
<doc id="19494975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494975" title="Prince Oniangue">
Prince Oniangue

Prince Oniangue (born 4 November 1988 in Paris) is a French-Congolese football player who plays for Stade de Reims.
Career.
Oniangue was U-16 Captain by SM Caen, he was by the Finalround U-16 the MVP and Stade Rennais F.C. sold him from SM Caen. From 2006 to 2008 he played 58 games and scored 3 goals for the second team from Stade Rennais F.C..
International.
Oniangue made his first cap for Congo national football team at the WCQ match against Sudan on 11 October 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19494987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19494987" title="Corymboid">
Corymboid

Corymboid is a botanical term referring to flowers growing in such a fashion that the outermost are longer than the inner, bringing all flowers up to a common level. 
The pear tree, Norway maple, and yerba maté are examples of corymbs.

</doc>
<doc id="19495037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495037" title="Noah's Ark (1999 film)">
Noah's Ark (1999 film)

"Noah's Ark" is a 1999 television film directed by John Irvin and starring Jon Voight, Mary Steenburgen, F. Murray Abraham, Mark Bazeley, Jonathan Cake, Alexis Denisof, Emily Mortimer, Sydney Tamiia Poitier, and James Coburn. The film tells the Biblical story of Noah's Ark from the Book of Genesis. It was initially televised in the United States in three episodes of approximately 60 minutes each (178 minutes combined running time) and, that same year, was also televised in Canada, Germany and Portugal, among other countries.
The film portrays Noah as a resident of Sodom and Gomorrah and overlaps his story with that of Lot, who is at first his friend and later a villain. The wickedness of Sodom provokes God not only to destroy the city, but to flood the world as well.
Reception.
"Noah's Ark" was critically panned for its creative liberties, rambling plot and irreverent portrayal of Biblical subjects. Various scenes in the film were seen as recycled tropes from the post-apocalyptic genre; a scene in which Lot leads a band of pirates in an attack on the Ark was compared to "Waterworld". Even so, the second night set a movie ratings mark for NBC that it did not pass again until 2004.
The Malaysian government banned the film from being televised in the country under laws that prohibit any televised depiction of the prophets of Islam, including Noah and Lot.

</doc>
<doc id="19495060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495060" title="Melody Rules">
Melody Rules

Melody Rules was a 1993 sitcom created by New Zealand TV station TV3. The series centred on sensible careerwoman Melody and her semi-dysfunctional family consisting of her teenage sister Zoe and their brother. Frequent recurring characters included an unkempt and filthy man as well as neighbour Crayfish. The series was structured in a similar manner to an American sitcom, containing similar elements including a laugh track and vaudeville-esque humour.
TV3 conceived "Melody Rules" in 1993 in hopes the show would form one of a number of flagship productions for the station. TV3 received $1,262,990 funding from "NZ on Air" for the production. TV3 hired the services of an American television writer, who held a number of workshops in New Zealand where he taught hopeful writers the craft of writing an American-style sitcom. Working with his ideas and formulas, "Melody Rules" was the end result. Due to poor ratings, the series was pulled from TV3's prime-time lineup in the summer of 1995, and was rerun at 2:00 and 3:00 AM on weekend and weekday mornings, only to be cancelled following two episodes per screening. 43 episodes in total were screened.
"Melody Rules" has received much negative criticism, including unfavourable comments on its humour and poor acting roles. It is now widely regarded in New Zealand as the worst TV3 sitcom of all time.
Premise.
"Melody Rules" starred sensible careerwoman Melody (played by Belinda Todd) who had returned to the family home to look after her teenage brother and sister while her mother is overseas, then best known for her role as co-host of TV3's late news program "Nightline". Todd had little acting experience and was known more for her sexy, outrageous on-screen persona.
Production.
The first season of "Melody Rules" was filmed on a budget of $1,262,990, which was funded by "NZ on Air" to TV3 and Ross Jennings Productions. The entirety of the series was filmed in Auckland, while the majority of the scenes were filmed within a small living room. Geoff Steven served as executive producer for the show's entire run, while Ross Jennings functioned as producer and show runner.
List of episodes.
Season 1: 1993–1994.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>
Season 2: 1994–1995.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>
Reception, legacy, and achievements.
Critical reception.
Critical reception for "Melody Rules" was poor; the series has been frequently labelled as "cringeworthy", and "atrocious" by "The New Zealand Herald", one of New Zealand television's "disasters" by "Scoop", and "awful" by the "Waikato Times". Series co-stars Alan Brough and Belinda Todd both regret starring in the series; Todd described working on the series "[...] like Macbeth. I think that if you have to say ["Melody Rules"], you have to go around–you'd have to go outside and spin around because it's bad luck, don't you?" and labelled the series as "absolutely ghastly", while Brough described working on the series as "such a horrendous experience", adding "[...] I was so embarrassed by it, I had to go overseas." Both Brough and Todd claim the series was substantial in convincing them to leave New Zealand and move to Australia and the United States, respectively. However, in spite of poor reviews, the series has developed a cult following for its perceived low quality, and is currently labelled by Todd as a moderate cult hit.

</doc>
<doc id="19495083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495083" title="Ballysaggart GAA">
Ballysaggart GAA

Ballysaggart GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association club based in Ballysaggart, County Waterford, Ireland. The club enters teams in hurling each year, which includes 2 adult hurling teams in the Waterford Intermediate Hurling Championship and the Intermediate attached Championship, and previously entered one adult Gaelic football team in the Waterford Junior Football Championship, but do not anymore. Ballysaggart has no underage teams. Instead the club is amalgamated with Lismore GAA for underage teams.
Ballysaggart has the honour of winning the very first competition organised by the GAA, the 1885 Waterford Senior Football Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19495087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495087" title="Monalanong Hill">
Monalanong Hill

Monalanong Hill is a mountain often considered the highest point of Botswana, with a questioned altitude of 1,494 metres (4,900 feet).
The Otse Hill (at an altitude of 1,491 metres - 4,891 feet) or the Tsodilo Hills (at an altitude of 1,489 metres - 4,885 feet) are also often given as the highest point in Botswana.

</doc>
<doc id="19495089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495089" title="Ken McCaffery">
Ken McCaffery

Ken McCaffery is an Australian former rugby league footballer, commentator and administrator. He started playing first grade rugby league with Sydney's Easts club in the New South Wales Rugby Football League premiership in 1948. After three seasons with them he was persuaded to move to Toowoomba by legendary Queensland footballer Duncan Thompson. In his first year playing in Toowoomba McCaffery was selected to represent Queensland. The following year he was selected to play for the Kangaroos, appearing in his first test in 1953 and playing for Australia in the 1954 World Cup. He moved to the city to play in the Brisbane Rugby League premiership with the Fortitude Valley club in 1955. Having become Queensland captain, McCaffery returned to Sydney to play with Norths from 1957. That year he was part of the 1957 World Cup-winning Australian side. He lent his vast experience to the Norths club but suffered a shoulder injury and retired after two seasons. 
Post-playing, McCaffery became a commentator with Channel 9, School's Liaison Officer for the NSWRFL and Assistant Secretary to the NSWRFL before being approached to take on the Club Secretary role at Canterbury after the 'coup' of 1969. A decade later he moved back to Norths as club secretary. Credited with bringing Mark Graham and Mitchell Cox to the club, he also battled to improve the image and financial position of the Bears. In 1982 McCaffery sacked successful coach Ron Willey and later appointed Greg Hawick, who had not coached in Sydney for almost 20 years. Hawick resigned in 1985 and McCaffery was voted out of office the following year. Ken has since retired and become a publican in Lismore. His son Paul also played for Norths in the 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="19495090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495090" title="Heul doch">
Heul doch

"Heul doch" (English: "Cry after all") and "Shut Up" are rock songs by German singer LaFee. They were written by Bob Arnz and Gerd Zimmermann. The German version of the song, "Heul doch", appears on Lafee's 2007 second studio album "Jetzt erst recht" where it is the second track. It was released as the album's first single which reached three in the German Singles Charts when released in May 2007. 
The English version of the song, entitled "Shut Up", later appeared on LaFee's third studio album "Shut Up". It too was released as the albums' first single in 2008.
"Shut Up".
"Shut Up", an English version of "Heul doch", was released as her first English single in Europe on 23 May 2008. The music video premiered on 30 May 2008 on The Dome.
Formats and track listing.
These are the formats and track listings of major single releases of "Heul Doch" and "Shut Up"

</doc>
<doc id="19495092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495092" title="Doamna">
Doamna

Doamna may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19495099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495099" title="Cultural Center of Novi Sad">
Cultural Center of Novi Sad

The Cultural Center of Novi Sad (, "") is a cultural institution of Novi Sad, which organizes exhibitions, literary programs, workshops, art cinema programs, etc; the biggest events are Novi Sad Jazz Festival and International Festival of Alternative and New Theater (INFANT). Its founder is City's Council, and it is located in "Katolička Porta", in city's center.

</doc>
<doc id="19495116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495116" title="Francis N'Ganga">
Francis N'Ganga

Francis N'Ganga (born June 16, 1985 in Poitiers) is a French-Congolese football player who is currently playing for Charleroi in the Belgian Pro League.
His debut in the national team was on 7 September 2008 in Brazzaville vs. Mali.

</doc>
<doc id="19495121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495121" title="The Fundamentalism Project">
The Fundamentalism Project

The Fundamentalism Project, which was sponsored by the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, was an international scholarly investigation of conservative religious movements throughout the world. The project, which began in 1987 and concluded in 1995, was directed by Martin E. Marty and R. Scott Appleby. The understanding of fundamentalism that framed this project was somewhat controversial. But even those scholars who have criticized the assumptions upon which the project was based admit that there is a great deal of useful empirical information to be found in publications that grew out of the project.
Fundamentalism, as it is presented in those publications, is not a purely Christian phenomenon. Rather it is a form of militant opposition to modernity that can be found in all—or at least many—of the world's great religions.
Study conclusions.
The study concluded that, regardless of the religion, fundamentalism has several commonalities:

</doc>
<doc id="19495122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495122" title="Robotniczy Klub Sportowy „Skała&quot;">
Robotniczy Klub Sportowy „Skała&quot;

Robotniczy Klub Sportowy „Skała" ('Workers Sport Club "Rock"', abbreviated RKS) was a Jewish Communist sports organization in Wyszków, Poland, active during the interbellum years. Founded in 1928, RKS was one of two Jewish sports organizations in the city (the other being Makabi). The club had a football team.
RKS had initially appealed to Jewish workers across party lines, with the slogan that "...if you are a worker, you belong in this club". However, the political unity became short-lived. The communists seized control over the club. Just a few weeks after its foundation, the Poale Zion Left followers split away and set up a third Jewish sports organization in the city (Gwiazda).
RKS had more than 200 members (100 men, 70 women and 40 children). Its members were largely from the Jewish Section of the Communist Party. However, there were also some unaffiliated workers that remained as members of the club.

</doc>
<doc id="19495127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495127" title="Pauloff Harbor, Alaska">
Pauloff Harbor, Alaska

Pauloff Harbor is an incorporated community with no year-round population, located on Pavlov Harbor on the northern coast of Sanak Island, southeast of False Pass, in the Aleutians East Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska. The primary means of transportation is boats and float planes from False Pass or King Cove.
While a post office was established there in 1949, the village now has no permanent population or public facilities, although a village corporation continues to exist, operated out of a post office box in Sand Point, where most of the corporation shareholders now live.
Pauloff Harbor Seaplane Base.
Pauloff Harbor Seaplane Base is a public-use seaplane base located in Pauloff Harbor.
Facilities.
Pauloff Harbor Seaplane Base has one seaplane landing area designated N/S which measures 3,000 by 500 feet (914 x 152 m).

</doc>
<doc id="19495140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495140" title="Takaji Wachi">
Takaji Wachi

Biography.
Wachi was a native of Hiroshima prefecture and a graduate of the 21st class of the Imperial Japanese Army Academy in 1914, and of the 34th class of the Army Staff College in 1922. He specialized in Chinese studies and was fluent in the Chinese language. Wachi was assigned as military attaché to southern China from 1925 to 1927, as resident officer in Jinan from 1928 to 1929, as a staff officer to the Kwantung Army from 1931 to 1932, as a resident officer in Canton from 1932 to 1934, and as head of the Taiyuan Special Agency from 1935 to 1936. Wachi encouraged warlords in south China, especially Guangxi province, to revolt against the Kuomingtang government of Chiang Kai-shek based in Nanjing. His main targets were Li Tsung-jen and Pai Chung-hsi, but his efforts to create a collaborationist state in south China were not successful.
Wachi became a colonel in 1937, and was assigned to the Kwantung Army during the Battle of Shanghai. Some historians hold him to be one of the prime instigators of the Marco Polo Bridge Incident of 1 July 1937. He remained in China after start of the Second Sino-Japanese War in 1937 attached to the Japanese China Garrison Army Staff. Wachi engaged in efforts to negotiate with the Chinese to end the war and tried to communicate with General He Yingqin the National Revolutionary Army Chief of Staff, via a Chinese agent in 1938, but these efforts failed.
Wachi was transferred to Taiwan in 1938, and back to Japan, where he was assigned to the Imperial Japanese Army General Staff from 1938 to 1939. He returned to China from 1939 to 1940 on the staff of the Central China Expeditionary Army. Promoted to major general in 1940, he returned to Taiwan in 1941 as Chief of Staff of the Taiwan Army of Japan, while simultaneously heading its Research Division, which was studying issues related to land warfare in Southeast Asia.
In February 1942, Wachi was transferred to become Chief of Staff of the IJA 14th Army in the Philippines, which participated in the final assault on the American fortress island of Corregidor. He was promoted to lieutenant general in 1943. In March 1944, he became Chief of Staff of the Southern Expeditionary Army, and subsequently Chief of Staff of the IJA 35th Army fighting on Leyte that November.
Wachi was ordered back to the Japanese home islands after the loss of the Philippines to Allied forces in 1945, and was assigned to command the "Kempeitai" in Hiroshima – considerable demotion. He retired from active military service in 1945.
After the surrender of Japan, Wachi was arrested by the American occupation authorities and charged with war crimes in connection with the actions of Japanese military personnel in the Philippines. He was convicted by a military tribunal in Yokohama and sentenced to six years at hard labor at Sugamo Prison. He was released parole in 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="19495146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495146" title="Padre Las Casas (Azua)">
Padre Las Casas (Azua)

Padre Las Casas is a municipality ("municipio") of the Azua province in the Dominican Republic. It includes the municipal districts ("distritos municipal") of La Siembra, Las Lagunas, and Los Fríos.
Padre Las Casas is located in the foothills of the Cordillera Central. The economy of the town is as a service depot for local farmers and farmers for quite a distance into the mountains to which it is the easiest point of contact. There is also a large service economy and an efficient bus cooperative that connects mainly with Azua and the towns along the way. Full-time employment for males runs about 50% but many males do some kind of work but much of this pays less than a dollar an hour, while entrepreneurs in retail and other small businesses may easily make the owner a 200-500 weekly income. The disparity is great even in the microcosm of this small town.

</doc>
<doc id="19495159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495159" title="Jožko Šavli">
Jožko Šavli

Jožko Šavli (March 22, 1943March 11, 2011) was a Slovene author, self-declared historian and high school teacher in economic sciences from Italy.
Šavli was born in Tolmin, then part of the Kingdom of Italy (now in Slovenia). He obtained a degree in Business Management at the University of Ljubljana in 1967. Then he continued his studies at the Vienna School of International Trade ("Hochschule für Welthandel"), where in 1975 he obtained a doctorate in social and economic sciences with a thesis on the economic structure and regional economic development in the district of Horn in Lower Austria.
From 1978 he taught business subjects at the Slovene language Technical School of Commerce in Gorizia, Italy.
Šavli became known in Slovenia in the mid 1980s, when he advanced the Venetic theory, together with the poet Matej Bor. According to the theory, the Slovenes were not descended from the Slavs that settled the region in the 6th century, but that they were descended from a proto-Slavic speaking people known as the Veneti. The theory was rejected in academic circles, but nevertheless gained widespread popularity in Slovenia, as well as some interest abroad.
Already in the early 1980s, Šavli began to publish articles and essays that concerned in particular traditions of the Medieval state of Carantania. In his books, Šavli emphasized the political and cultural continuity between the proto-Slovene state of Carantania and the later Duchy of Carinthia. Šavli claims to have discovered the Black Panther as the coat of Arms or symbol of Carantania. This discovery is
disputed by academic historians. Šavli lived and worked in Gorizia, where he died in March 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19495168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495168" title="Laurel Hill (Pennsylvania)">
Laurel Hill (Pennsylvania)

Laurel Hill, also known as Laurel Ridge or Laurel Mountain, is a long mountain in Pennsylvania's Allegheny Mountains. This ridge is flanked by Negro Mountain to its east and Chestnut Ridge to its west. The mountain is home to six State Parks; Laurel Ridge State Park, Laurel Mountain State Park, Linn Run State Park, Kooser State Park, Laurel Hill State Park, and the Ohiopyle State Park. The mountain also holds the long Laurel Highlands Hiking trail that runs along its length.
Two State Forests are also located on this mountain ridge that comprise over , they are the Gallitzin State Forest and the Forbes State Forest. State Game Lands 42 and 111 are also located on the mountain which also comprise a little over . 
Laurel Hill has an average elevation of along its length, while there are individual "knobs" that do rise above . The highest point is above the Seven Springs Ski Resort at . Laurel Hill is flanked on its north end by the Conemaugh Gorge and on its south end by the Youghogheny Gorge, both water gaps being approximately in depth. The ridge continues north of the Conemaugh Gorge for several miles as Rager Mountain, which reaches about 2,560'. South of the Youghiogheny Gorge, a short ridge, generally still labeled Laurel Hill, at the edge of Ohiopyle State Park, reaches about 2,920'.
Part of the Eastern Continental Divide between Chesapeake Bay and Ohio River drainage, Laurel Ridge marks the western edge of Pennsylvania's ridge and valley geographic province and its meeting line with the Allegheny Plateau region to the west. it was a significant obstacle to westward movement of goods during the Colonial era.
The towns of Johnstown and New Florence are located on its northern end, while Confluence and Farmington are located towards its southern end. Two major roadways cross the Laurel Hill, the Pennsylvania Turnpike and U.S. Route 30 crosses further north. A number of smaller State roads crosses at other points on the mountain.
Geology.
Laurel Hill is made up of Mississippian and Pennsylvanian clastic sedimentary rocks, consisting mostly of conglomerate, sandstone, and shale. Formations include the Burgoon, Mauch Chunk, Pottsville, and Allegheny. The mountain is anticlinal in structure. 
Along the length of this ridge there are several prominent knobs that rise from the ridgeline. They are as follows south to north; Sugarloaf Knob , Painter Rock Hill , Birch Rock Hill , Highpoint , Bald Knob , Ulery Hill , Pea Vine Hill , Pikes Peak and Sugar Camp Hill .
Climate.
The Laurel Hill region shares the humid continental climate of the Middle Atlantic Region of the United States. The mountain ridge itself however has an influence on the local weather patterns, known as orography. This influence on local patterns can cause air temperatures to be several degrees cooler than the surrounding towns and valleys. A difference of 5-10 degrees cooler can be noted depending on weather variables. The orography along with moisture from the Great Lakes can cause heavy snowfall during winter months.
The mountain ridge is oriented at right angles to approaching weather systems, forcing the prevailing westerly airflows upward. As rising air cools, moisture in the air mass condenses, once reaching the saturation point, precipitation results. Laurel Hill may also act as a barrier to systems and slow the movement of storms having an impact on the local area, forming a "micro-climate". Although this mountain is not high enough to create its own weather, its structure is enough to gently nudge weather from hot to warm, cool to cold and from rain to snow.
Flora and fauna.
Laurel Hill has a diversity of habitats and with that comes a variety of birds and mammals. The Raven and Wild Turkey are frequently seen on this mountain. The Hermit Thrush, Canada Warbler, Brown Creeper, and Winter Wren all nest near the bog at Spruce Flats. During the summer months, Black-Throated and Blue Warblers, Solitary and Red-Eyed Vireos are seen. Raptors on the mountain include the Broad Winged, Red Tailed and Red Shouldered Hawks, along with Barred Owls. 
Commonly seen mammals on the mountain include; White-tailed deer, chipmunks, Red and Gray squirrels. More elusive animals include the Woodchuck, Raccoon, and Opossum. Black Bear have also been seen on this mountain but are shy and reclusive and not likely to be come across. 
Snakes also make their home on Laurel Hill including the Timber Rattler and Copperhead snakes. Caution should be exercised during the summer months when hiking around rocks and scree areas.
References.
Sundquist, Bruce and William J. Curry, eds. (2004) "A Hiker's Guide to the Laurel Highlands Trail", Sixth edition, Sierra Club, Pennsylvania Chapter and Western Pennsylvania Conservancy, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Beck, Michael, George Cannelos, John Clark, William Curry and Charles Loehr (1975) The Laurel Hill Study. Laurel Highlands Conservation and Development Project; Furnace Run, Laughlintown, Pennsylvania.
Dutcher, Russell R., John C. Ferm, Norman K. Flint and E.G. Williams (1959) Field Trip #2: The Pennsylvanian of Western Pennsylvania. In: Guidebook for Field Trips Pittsburgh Meeting, 1959. Geological Society of America, Boulder, Colorado.
Alan R. Geyer (1979) ""Outstanding Geologic Features of Pennsylvania"", Geological Survey of Pennsylvania
Charles H. Shultz (1999) ""The Geology of Pennsylvania"", Geological Survey of Pennsylvania ISBN 0-8182-0227-0
Jere Martin (1997) "Pennsylvania Almanac" published by: Stackpole Books ISBN 0-8117-2880-3

</doc>
<doc id="19495183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495183" title="Tree melon">
Tree melon

Tree melon is a term used for several melon-like fruits growing on trees or large shrubs as opposed to melons, which grow on vines:
Neither of these is a true melon, as these are in the Cucurbitaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="19495193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495193" title="Hugh McCullough">
Hugh McCullough

Hugh Warner McCullough (May 18, 1916February 11, 1999) was an American football player who played 5 seasons in the National Football League. During his time in the NFL, McCullough played for the Pittsburgh Pirates (later renamed the Pittsburgh Steelers in 1940), Chicago Cardinals, Philadelphia-Pittsburgh Steagles and the Boston Yanks.

</doc>
<doc id="19495194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495194" title="Gameplay of Eve Online">
Gameplay of Eve Online

Eve Online is a player-driven persistent-world massively multiplayer online game set in a science fiction space setting. The "Eve Online" universe consists of several thousand interconnected star systems. Players create their characters by choosing characteristics such as race and bloodline that define starting attributes and skills. Over time, players advance by training skills in real-time, whether they are logged into the game or not. The game's open-ended sandbox-like design allows players to set their own goals without the need to follow pre-defined missions.
The game's developer CCP Games continuously adds expansions free of charge that change game mechanics and add features. Since the game's release in 2003 the expansions have added gameplay elements such as more ship classes and advanced missions for players to master.
Gameplay.
Eve Online runs on a supercomputing cluster known as "Tranquility". Several smaller clusters are used for public and in-house testing including the public test servers "Singularity" and "Multiplicity". The servers require a daily downtime for maintenance and updates. Tranquility's downtime (DT) is scheduled between 11:00 and 11:30 GMT.
Universe.
The playing environment in Eve Online consists of about 7,500 star systems, almost all of which can be visited by the player. Each system is connected to other systems by one or more stargates, and in this way neighboring systems are organized into constellations and constellations are in turn organized into regions. In total there are 64 regions. The central regions make up most of the so-called high-security ("high-sec") space with some low-security ("low-sec") systems in between. Surrounding these are regions with no security, or 0.0 ("nullsec" or "zero-zero"). (See section Security status system for more information).
In some systems a player might be alone, while in others up to 3200 players might gather, e.g. for a fleet battle or to use a trading hub. Different systems contain different types of celestial objects, making them more or less suitable for different kinds of operations. In a typical system the player will find asteroid fields, stations, and moons, the latter two most often orbiting planets. Players can use moons to anchor their parent corporation's structures for production and research or for moon mining. Since the 2010 Tyrannis expansion (see Expansions of Eve Online) planets can also be mined for resources.
Asteroid fields can be mined for minerals. Other objects that can be found in systems are the aforementioned stargates and dungeons (known ingame as complexes or "plexes") for exploration. Occasionally a player may even stumble across a historic site, e.g. one where another player's Titan-class ship was destroyed and the wreck now floats in space.
2,500 wormhole systems were seeded in the Apocrypha expansion. These systems can only be travelled to through unstable natural wormholes and have no static links to the normal (known space) systems.
In addition, an area of the galaxy is occupied by the Jovian Empire, and is currently not accessible by players.
Advancement.
"Eve Online" is different from MMOGs such as World of Warcraft, Guild Wars, and EverQuest II because the player characters do not gain experience points through actions or by completing tasks. Instead, the player learns skills by training a specific skill over time, a passive process that occurs in real world time so that the learning process will continue even if the player is not logged in. As a result, new players are generally unable to gain more skillpoints than existing players who continue to train. Each skill has 5 steps, or levels and the time required to train a skill to a particular level is determined by the player's attributes and how many skill points a certain skill requires, determined by a skill's rank. The skill training system is connected with five attributes: Intelligence, Perception, Charisma, Willpower and Memory. Each skill has a primary and secondary attribute, thus the higher these attributes, the faster skills that use them are trained. There are also implants that can increase attributes.
Low-rank skills trained to a low level may represent a few minutes of training whereas high levels of high-rank skills may represent several months of training.
Since training time is directly related to a character's attributes, a player can lower the training time of skills by using Implants to boost attributes. A previous group of skills, "Learning" skills, which improved attributes, was removed from the game in December 2010 and replaced by extra attribute points being set across the playerbase to make it easier for new players to train practical skills.
Due to the sheer number of skills available to characters, it is not realistic for a character to acquire perfect skills with "all" ships and weapons systems. As each skill level takes over five times longer than the previous (a geometric progression) while the bonus it provides almost always scales linearly (e.g. 5% bonus to something per level, with level 3 providing a 15% bonus, etc.), a new player has the option to either acquire acceptable skills in many fields, or perfect skills in a relative few.
Another side-effect of this is that an unusual number of Eve players have two or more accounts since specializing into more than a few areas is impossible within the timeframe of a few years and skills needed for different professions often don't overlap. A character specializing in mining, manufacturing and trading will have minimal overlap of skills with a character focused on combat, navigation and exploration. Currently (2011) it will take around 22 years to train all the skills in EVE so there are no "perfectly trained" characters in EVE. Another reason that so many players use more accounts is that some playstyles and ships greatly benefit from the presence of other ships; it's not uncommon to see players with 5 miners supported by a transport ship or Orca mining support vessel or have a capital ship pilot have an extra account to make transport to other system possible as they can't do that on their own. CCP actively encourages this with buddy programs and "the power of two" advertisements.
Economy.
There is a single currency unit in "Eve Online", the InterStellar Kredit (ISK), whose ISO code is ISK. Players can barter between themselves for items, use the in-game market system for ISK-based transactions, place and accept contracts between players for assets and services or use a Loyalty Points store.
The Loyalty Points systems allows one to use non-transferable Loyalty Points in combination with other assets to purchase standard items at a reduced rate or to acquire otherwise unattainable items.
A large proportion of the in-game economy is player driven; non-player character (NPC) merchants supply some basic blueprints, items and trade goods. Players, through the use of blueprints and in-game skills, can gain the ability to build items ranging from basic ammunition to cutting-edge capital ship hulls and space stations, and manufacture them for personal use or for sale. Pricing and availability of goods varies from region to region within the "Eve" universe. These aspects contribute to an economic environment influenced by factors like scarcity of resources, specialization of labor and supply/demand dynamics. The economy is closely tied with the (also player driven) political aspect of the game. Player corporations (the "Eve" equivalent of guilds) rise and fall as they struggle for market dominance as well as territorial control.
From a technical point of view, the economy in Eve is known as an open economy, that is there is no fixed amount of money or materials in the universe. CCP did attempt to implement a closed economy (that is an economy where there is a fixed amount of currency and therefore materials) early on in the game's existence; however, it proved too difficult to balance the effects of new players entering the game with the capabilities of older players able to earn more ISK or obtain more materials. The current open economy is automatically balanced by introducing extra materials in underpopulated areas to encourage an even spread of players.
Eve's End User Licence Agreement forbids the exchange of ISK for real currency (a practice referred to as real money trading or RMT); however, Game Time Codes (GTC), bought from CCP with real-world currency, can be converted into in-game Pilot License Extensions (PLEX), which are items that can be traded for in-game currency. The purpose of PLEXes is to mitigate the effects of RMT. In a similar way selling and buying characters (but not accounts) for in-game currency is allowed.
On 27 June 2007 CCP announced that an economist had been employed to assist in the development of the economic side of the game. Dr. Eyjólfur Guðmundsson is responsible for compiling quarterly economic reports for the community and providing ongoing analysis of the economic facets of Eve, along with coordinating research with other interested parties. Information from Dr. Guðmundsson's reports has been used to make some development decisions regarding the economy. For example, in his second dev blog post he observed that availability of shuttles for a fixed price from NPC merchants, which could then be recycled into tritanium (a saleable mineral), placed an artificial cap on the price of tritanium, indirectly impacting the price of every good manufactured using tritanium (which is almost all of them). This eventually led to a decision to remove NPC sell orders for shuttles.
Combat.
Combat in "Eve" is a mixture of both tactical intelligence and spontaneous decision-making using a point-and-click interface. While every race has certain tendencies for different battle tactics, a character's combat capabilities are determined by skill levels, the ship being piloted and various hardware modules fitted into it. Outside of decisions involving targeting and selection of weaponry, combat is, to a certain degree a 'hands off' affair, the player decides on the targets, distance at which they want to keep their target, the speed of their ship and the weapons and modules to use. Once activated, the computer runs these tasks until the player intervenes. An extreme example of this is that, if appropriately configured with defensive modules, drones and sufficient capacitor recharge, a ship can perform some certain missions without any intervention from the player past initial deployment to the battlefield. 
However, on the other end of the scale, players will often find that in player versus player combat they are required to play a massive role in their ships operation, as they will be giving / following orders, switching targets, maintaining target locks, damage output and/or electronic warfare while repairing damage and controlling speed, range and any other number of ships functions. There is a basic ability to freely direct your ship's flight by double clicking empty areas of space, but it is cumbersome at best, so most movement is conducted by selecting objects in space (player or NPC ships, asteroids, structures etc.) and telling the ship to approach, orbit or warp (only possible if the distance is greater than 150 km).
"Eve"'s combat system allows ships of all sizes to be useful in combat. Large ships such as battleships are typically outfitted with heavy weapons allowing them to battle other ships of their size. Such weapons, however, lack the accuracy required to effectively damage smaller, faster ships like frigates. While a large ship can equip smaller weapons designed for attacking smaller targets, this leaves them at a disadvantage against other large ships. Drones can also be used against smaller ships, or in a support role such as providing extra defences for an ally or in a utility role such as electronic warfare. Small ships such as frigates may be unable to do significant damage to larger ships on their own, but can greatly affect the outcome of small group battles by employing tactics such as "tackling" (disrupting the engines or guidance computers of enemies thus reducing mobility or chance to escape), jamming enemy sensors, or attacking a larger ship as a pack.
The open player versus player combat system, and the tendency for ships to drop some of their cargo and equipment when destroyed, provides incentive for player piracy. Pirates risk being branded criminals by CONCORD, the NPC law enforcement agency. Such outcasts become open targets to all other players, as well as CONCORD in high security systems, which makes traveling around h-sec somewhat difficult. Players may even place a bounty on another player's head, providing monetary incentive for bounty hunters.
At the strategic level, the rich resources available in low security space reward large co-operative groups, particularly in null-security systems (officially lawless systems where CONCORD has no jurisdiction). Usually formed when several player-owned-and-operated corporations band together, these "alliances" can vary widely in size and strength. The network of stargates, which allows travel between star systems, includes a multitude of choke points, which careful alliances can garrison to restrict access to claimed null-security systems. Further, corporations and alliances have the ability to manufacture Player-Owned Structures (POS) that mine resources from moons in a system and can also provide similar services to an NPC space station, such as ship fitting and storage and goods manufacturing. Each POS requires substantial logistical support to remain in operation, but enables an alliance to effectively "live" in null-security space. It is also possible for corporations to claim sovereignty over a system and eventually a constellation. The specifics of the sovereignty mechanics have historically dictated the strategies of alliance warfare to a great extent.
Agents.
Agents in Eve are NPCs from which the player receives a variety of assignments, depending on the division of the corporation that the agent works for: Internal Security agents give more pirate hunting missions, while Personnel agents give more delivery and trade route missions. Completion awards the player with money and various material goods. Agents also give various personal gifts for completing missions within certain bonus criteria, and award Loyalty Points from the Agent, which (together with money and other items such as enemy dog tags) can be redeemed for other goods. Completing agent missions also raises the player's standing in the corporation or group the agent represents, while lowering his standing among the corporation's competitors. Raising standing in a corporation allows the player to access more valuable and dangerous missions through higher level agents, up to level 5, the most difficult, which are nearly impossible for a solo player to complete if the mission requires combat. The player can also pay agents to provide manufacturing and research services.
Security status system.
"Eve" features an open PvP system where combat between players can occur anywhere within the Eve Universe. To balance this "free aggression", "Eve" has implemented a "security status system". Every star system in the "Eve" universe has a public security status which ranges from 0.0 to 1.0. The lowest end of the scale is lawless space, and rules are set and enforced by player-run alliances. The highest end of the scale provides protection to players in the form of sentry guns and CONCORD, the NPC 'police'.
Players committing illegal actions within "empire" systems (security status between 0.1 and 1.0) lose personal security standings with CONCORD. Loss of security status varies depending on the crime. Showing aggression will only result in a minor loss of standings, while the act of killing a ship that has not defended itself will result in a further drop in standings, and the largest loss of standings occurs with the intentional destruction of a player's 'pod'. As players lose security status, their ability to enter certain levels of secured space becomes more and more limited.
While breaking the law in high-security systems (that is, those with a security of 0.5 to 1.0) means certain ship destruction for the offender, this does not guarantee the absolute safety of the victim: a well-planned suicide attack can still successfully destroy a ship before CONCORD and sentry guns can neutralize the aggressor.
In lawless space (security status 0.0), CONCORD has no influence and the dynamics for player interactions change. Corporations band together into alliances in order to defend a region of space which they claim. These alliances often fight wars for contested systems and send gangs to raid each other. Although lawless space is dangerous and difficult to defend the rewards are much higher. Asteroids contain far more valuable ore and NPC pirates in lawless space carry far higher bounties.
Death.
In the event that a player's ship is destroyed, a wreck is left behind. Any cargo hold contents, ship modules, drones and ammunition that were not destroyed in the explosion can be recovered by any player, and additional components of the structure of the ship can be retrieved by a player with the correct "salvaging" modules and skills. These components can be used to build ship enhancement modules known as 'rigs'. To (partially or fully) mitigate the loss of an expensive vessel, ships can be insured against destruction. Insurance payout revalue itself periodically based on a trimmed mean of the ship's manufacturing materials global market weighted average prices with a multiplier depending on ship type, for example tech 2 ships payout less than tech 1. Basic 40% insurance is automatic and free while full insurance cost 30% of ship value and needs to be manually renewed every 12 weeks. In the Crucible expansion, insurance was changed so that a ship's policy is rendered void if the ship was destroyed by CONCORD. This has the effect of making high-sec piracy less lucrative against low value targets. Modules, rigs and cargo cannot be insured at all; any of these items may also have a market value equal to, or much higher than, the ship itself. Players have no possibility for indemnification with regard to losses sustained in this way.
When a ship is destroyed, the player is ejected in a pod. This pod may be destroyed as well, if another player chooses to open fire on it. This player death is known as "pod killing" or "podding". In this case, the "podded" player character will die and be revived as a clone at a pre-determined cloning facility. Non-player characters will not attack a pod. Any implants installed on a player will be irrevocably lost when he or she is pod-killed. Implants cannot be insured.
Players may purchase an upgraded clone which is used in the event of pod death. The cost of a clone depends on how many skill points it can hold - the more skill points, the more expensive the clone becomes. When the player dies and is revived in his or her clone, if this clone holds a number of skill points lower than the number the player had at the time of death, then the player will lose a varying amount of skill points. In some cases, this represents more than a month's worth of training time. Therefore, players who value their skill points purchase upgraded clones sufficient to hold all their skill points. This is known as "keeping your clone up-to-date". Clones are single-use items; when a character dies and is resurrected via a clone, they are also awarded the basic, 900,000-point "Alpha" clone. Therefore, it is imperative that, as soon as possible after death, players purchase a replacement clone of a level appropriate to their character's skill points.
Expanding the cloning system further, "jump clones" were added in "Red Moon Rising", and enhanced in "Revelations", to allow advanced players to mitigate risking their cybernetic implants by using the "Infomorph Psychology" skill to jump into a cloned body in another station, without requiring their existing body to die to achieve this. The original body (complete with its cybernetic implants) remains stored in the original station and may be returned to via another clone jump (after a 24-hour waiting period). This method offers a way for developed characters to use expensive implants for skill training or economic pursuits, while still having the option to engage in dangerous combat operations without the risk of losing them or by creating jump clones with different groups of implants that control other aspects of the game such as shield support, enhanced damage capabilities or better targeting abilities.

</doc>
<doc id="19495212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495212" title="Ian Roderick Macneil">
Ian Roderick Macneil

Ian Roderick Macneil of Barra (The Macneil of Barra, Chief of Clan MacNeil, also known as Clan Niall and 26th of Barra, also Baron of Barra) was a Scottish American legal scholar. He was born 20 June 1929 and died 16 February 2010.
Macneil was the son of Robert Lister Macneil. He was educated at the University of Vermont, USA (B.A., 1950, majoring in Sociology), and Harvard (LL.B., 1955) where he studied contracts under the noted theorist Lon L. Fuller. He was a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. He served as an infantry Lieutenant in the U.S. Army from 1951 to 1953 and remained in the reserve until 1969, when he was honourably discharged with the rank of Major. He married Nancy (née Wilson) and they had three sons (one deceased) and a daughter.
His legal career began as a Clerk to the U.S. Court of Appeals (1955–1956), followed by practising law in Concord, New Hampshire, until 1959, when he became Assistant Professor of Law at Cornell University, advancing to Associate Professor in 1962, then a full professorship, and finally becoming the Frank B. Ingersoll Professor of Law. In 1972 he became professor of law at the University of Virginia and in 1980 Wigmore Professor at Northwestern University. After retirement he became John Henry Wigmore Professor Emeritus at Northwestern but went to live in Edinburgh throughout his retirement, where he was highly active in the affairs of the Clan Macneil. He spent some time at the University of East Africa at Dar es Salaam (now the University of Dar es Salaam) as visiting professor in 1965–1967, part of a highly distinguished tradition at Dar es Salaam that also hosted William Twining and Patrick Atiyah.
Macneil as Clan Chief.
According to clan tradition, Ian Macneil, having succeeded his father, Robert Lister Macneil of Barra in 1970, was the 46th Chief of the Clan, in line of descent from Niall of the Nine Hostages, High King of Ireland, and 26th Macneil of Barra. Notable events during his tenure included his gifting of the crofting estate of Barra to the Scottish nation, and his granting of a lease of the mediaeval Kisimul Castle to Historic Scotland for 1000 years at an annual rent of £1 and one bottle of whisky. On his death he was succeeded in the position of Chief by his son Roderick Wilson Macneil.
Scholarship.
Macneil was one of the world's leading and best known scholars in the field of contract law and is particularly associated (along with Stewart Macaulay) with the invention of "Relational Contract Theory". This theory had its first outing at the Association of American Law Professors' annual conference in late 1967 and was first alluded to in print in Macneil's article "Whither Contracts?" in 1969. However, the first really substantial articles laying down the foundations of the theory appeared in 1974. "Restatement (Second) of Contracts and Presentiation" and "The Many Futures of Contracts". He developed the theory further in "Contracts: Adjustment of Long-Term Economic Relations Under Classical, Neoclassical, and Relational Contract Law", and in his famous monograph The New Social Contract. He wrote a good deal more on relational contracts after 1980, mainly concerned with explaining and defending the theory, which has been much misunderstood by academic commentators, whether critical of or in favour of relational theory, but the outlines and much of the detail of the theory were settled by 1980.
In 2000 Macneil renamed his theory "essential contract theory" in order to distinguish it from other possible versions of relational contract Further interesting explanation has been given by Macneil in "Reflections on Relational Contract Theory after a Neo-classical Seminar".
Macneil was also responsible, with Speidel and Stipanowich for a magisterial five-volume treatise on U.S. arbitration law, "Federal Arbitration Law: Agreements, Awards, and Remedies under the Federal Arbitration Act"(Little, Brown: Boston, 1994), which in 1995 won the American Association of Publishers' Best New Legal Book award, as well as a monograph on arbitration.
The main elements of Macneil's relational contract theory were developed in a series of publications from 1969 to 1980, some of which are outlined below. It should be noted that he has continued to this day to publish articles and participate in colloquia in this field; however, the publications discussed below represent the key, formative literature of Macneil's version of relational theory, while subsequent publications have been mainly explanatory of the work done throughout the 1970s.
Essential Contract Theory.
Macneil's theory posits that the traditional approach of doctrinal contract law in the common law countries, which he calls "classical" and "neoclassical", which concentrates on "the deal" at its time of making, and treats individual contracts as discrete entities, is an inadequate and inaccurate tool for the study of contracts. He argues that all contracts are in fact not discrete at all but belong in the context of complex webs of exchange relations. This theory can be seen as a counter to both the "death of contract" idea, that contract as a separate idea was no longer relevant and that breach of contract is best regarded just as another tort (civil wrong), most closely associated with Grant Gilmore, and to Legal formalism in contract, in which the approach is to ignore, to a large extent, contextual matters surrounding the contract and concentrate only on the express terms and a strictly limited range of implied terms (though Robert E. Scott has argued that a formalist approach can still work within the context of an acceptance of a relational view of contract). Contract relations fall along a spectrum from the highly relational (e.g., long-term employment contracts) to the "as if discrete", largely transactionalized relation (e.g., spot purchases of commodities). All relations, though, are connected with and belong within a broader social context, with which successful relations must be harmonized. It is possible to draw axes through many facets of contractual relations, indicating the likely features of such facets in relations falling at different points along the spectrum.
What is particularly distinctive about his approach is his postulation of a number of "norms in a positivist sense", of which 10 common contract norms apply to all contracts: (i) role integrity; (ii) reciprocity (or 'mutuality'); (iii) implementation of planning; (iv) effectuation of consent; (v) flexibility; (vi) contractual solidarity; (vii) the 'linking norms' (restitution, reliance and expectation interests); (viii) the power norm (creation and restraint of power); (ix) propriety of means; and (x) harmonization with the social matrix.
By "norms in a positivist sense" Macneil means that they are norms-in-fact, that is to say that they are observable in operation, to distinguish them from norms in the sense of normative as opposed to positive economics. The extent to which a particular exchange relation is in harmony with the norms is likely to influence the success of the relation in terms of its longevity (where appropriate) and the ability of the parties to gain the full range of benefits that the exchange can potentially offer. The extent to which the actual doctrinal law harmonizes with these norms can arguably determine the usefulness of legal tools and interventions in exchange relations, but it is a complicated question.
Some major milestones in Macneil's development of relational (or essential) contract theory are described below.
1. 'Whither Contracts?'.
This is a version of a paper given by Macneil to the annual meeting of the Association of American Law Schools in 1967 or 1968 (the annual meeting of the AALS being at that time held shortly after Christmas). At the conference it was rather overshadowed by Grant Gilmore's contribution to the same session. Gilmore was then promoting the view that there was no such thing as 'contracts'; this paper provided a radically opposing view. Gilmore believed in subsuming contracts into torts. Others at the time took a highly atomized approach, as Macneil describes:
This, in a sense, is the foundation stone of Macneil's relational contract theory: the view that contracts need neither be subsumed into torts, nor be viewed in an atomized manner. Another key aspect of the theory is a belief in the essential bankruptcy of conventional contract theory, which becomes apparent in later writings, and particularly in Many Futures.
'Whither Contracts?' also introduces some other fundamental elements of relational contract theory. First, that there is no overarching law of contracts, which governs all contracts. Secondly, that what we can study, when we study 'contracts' is the phenomenon of contracting. Thirdly, there is a foreshadowing of a tendency to widen the scope of contract to cover a previously unprecedented range of human activity.
2. 'Restatement (Second) of Contracts and Presentiation'.
This is the first of the articles to which Macneil himself refers in New Social Contract and is often regarded as the real debut for relational contract. Macneil introduces readers to the obscure dictionary word 'presentiation'. He suggests that presentiation is a useful concept for examining what (at this point in the article) he calls 'traditional' contract systems, because these systems are, he says, '. . . among the greatest intellectual expressions of presentiation'. He goes on to say, 'before recorded history we have been developing the notion that certain kinds of manifestations of assent, promises, can be used to reduce future choice and enable us to presentiate.' The basis for his consideration of the Restatement is that it is 'primarily founded' upon the concept of mutual assent, and points out that '[when we conclude that . . . mutual assent to a future exchange . . . is a promise . . . then the future has been bound and presentiation has been accomplished'. Despite Macneil's dissatisfaction with 'transactional' or 'conventional' contract law, he states his belief as to the importance of presentiation nonetheless:
He also states here that conventional contract law is designed to facilitate just this activity: "Primarily through manipulations of the notion of consent, traditional contract theory created a legal structure which in theory attempted to presentiate not just part of the relation between contracting parties, but virtually all of it."
Macneil further argues that even objective consent turned out to be too vague a concept to achieve the goal of total presentiation through the principle of mutual assent, so that which did not fit the test of objective consent were cast out of the scheme of contract altogether and relegated to quasi-contract and tort.
Macneil's analysis of the conventional, 'total presentiation' approach is summarized in terms of two main characteristics: first, as much as possible of the content '. . . is forced into a pattern of mutual assent expressed at some instantaneous point of time. . .'; and secondly, content that is needed for presentiation but that cannot be fitted thus is provided "eo instante" by the legal system as predictably as possible. Macneil gives as the epitome of a discrete transaction, the case of two men approaching a town from opposite directions, each intending to pass through. One is on foot and the other mounted. They meet in the town and after some negotiation a sale of the horse is agreed at a price of $10; the sale to be completed at sunset. Little or nothing remains to be dealt with: everything has been presentiated. Here he appears to accept the possibility of truly discrete transactions: 'A high degree of presentiation is possible in truly discrete transactions. . .', though it is his case throughout this literature that transactions are generally not fully discrete. This introduces a crucial point in Macneil's case. Under the heading 'Relational Contracts and Presentiation' he says:
Macneil goes on in the remainder of this article to look at other ways in which the Restatement deals with the challenge posed by contracts falling outside the transactional paradigm. In particular, he points to illustrations that produce inconsistent results, contrasting conveyancing with collective bargaining, for instance and cites employment contract illustrations.
3. 'The Many Futures of Contracts'.
This was the second article by Macneil on relational contract published in the same year. It is probably, along with the monograph "The New Social Contract", Macneil's best-known and most oft-cited work on relational theory.
The major premise of the article is the prevalence today of relation as against transaction. The article (after a definition of contract, as to which see below) begins with a definition of 'transaction': 'A transaction is an event sensibly viewable separately from other events accompanying it temporally – one engaging only small segments of the total personal beings of the participants. Macneil then discusses the definition of contract and starts by reproducing a definition of contract from the Restatement: 'A contract is a promise or a set of promises for the breach of which the law gives a remedy, or the performance of which the law in some way recognizes as a duty'. He then criticizes this definition in the following terms.
Part 1 of the article is then devoted to what Macneil calls the 'primal roots of contract', beginning with 'specialization and exchange' in which his argument seems to be that specialization can only take place where there is exchange (a doubtful thesis with reference to the animal kingdom, which Macneil prays in aid in this section, though not in relation to this argument, which he supports by the idea of the village potter, who will not continue to make pots unless someone is willing to provide him with, for instance, food.), and the point that specialization and exchange may be organically determined, as in the case of communities of ants.
The second 'primal root' is that there should be a 'sense of choice'. As Macneil puts it: 'The concept of some freedom to elect among a range of behaviors is one of the four primal roots of contract. . .' but 't is . . . unimportant to the practical impact of that concept of human behavior to determine how much, if any, of the exercise of conscious choice is "real" as distinguished from being acted upon as if real.' Indeed, he goes further, arguing that coercive situations should be included in contract. His argument encompasses two categories. The first category covers the general idea of coercive situations; the second category is what might be termed customary situations.
So far as the first category is concerned, Macneil argues that while it is not useful to include extreme coercive situations in contract (e.g. an armed 'hold-up'), it is 'inutile' to draw a clear line on the spectrum of coercive – non-coercive, indicating the point of change between the realms of non-contract and of contract; all that can safely be excluded altogether is 'complete physiological determinism'. Going on from this, he writes:
In a footnote he takes this to its logical conclusion by claiming that this applies even to camps the purpose of which is not so much labour as extermination. Macneil's argument here is that all contracts involve pressure, arising from inequalities of bargaining power, knowledge et cetera: "Since pressure is always actually or potentially present, considerable virtue resides in including all pressure situations within the realm of contract, even where the pressure is so great that it overwhelms or distorts all the other elements."
As far as the second category (i.e. customary situations) is concerned, Macneil does not actually explain here why he wishes to include this type of situation, but justifies including pressure situations generally in order to bring in communal or kinship situations, which, as he says, involve at least an 'internalized' coercion. Aware of the possible criticism that this brings too much into contract, Macneil's answer to this in 'Many Futures' is
And,
Macneil's third primal root of contract is 'conscious awareness of past, present and future.'
The fourth section in the discussion of the primal roots of contract is what Macneil calls 'the social matrix'., by which he means that promises and/or contracts have to have some sort of social background against which they are made and there needs to be language in order for promises to be made to one another.
Macneil's next section, on projecting exchange, is devoted to the idea that contract is about projecting exchange into the future, and particularly to the idea that as well as promissory exchange-projectors in contract there are non-promissory ones too. Indeed, his argument is that while promise is a powerful exchange-projector, it is not the only, nor necessarily the most effective, giving as instances of alternatives 'status, social role, kinship, bureaucratic patterns, religious obligation [and habit. . .'. Probably most important of all the non-promissory exchange-projectors are our expectations that exchange now will, due to dependence on ongoing relations, cause future exchange to occur in at least partially predictable patterns. As Macneil puts it ". . . the very existence of people and their predictable wants supplies the projection of exchange into the future needed to justify the expenditure of effort in production." The argument continues along the lines that a transactional outlook has blinded us to non-promissory exchange-projectors. The most important of all exchange-projectors is this most important of non-promissory projectors, i.e. that previous market behaviour will continue. An example would be that a motor-car manufacturer will be able to employ staff, build factories, enter into long-term contracts for component supply and so on, not because anyone has promised to buy a single car from them, but because a certain pattern of demand in the past makes likely a certain level of demand in the future. Only the doing now of something that affects the future, is necessary for both promissory projection and non-promissory projection. The discussion in this article of non-promissory exchange projectors concludes with these words:
That exchange can be projected into the future by non-promissory techniques does not, of course, mean that the term "contract" should encompass them as well as promises. I believe, however, that very good reasons exist for such definition. . .
Macneil goes on to discuss choice, where he begins with an apparent acceptance of the idea that high levels of choice tend to accompany more highly transactional behaviour, while in limited choice, collectivist conditions, behaviour is more likely to be relational, before going on to refute the idea by claiming that our status or role to a large extent makes our choices for us, but that we choose our own status, and he cites Rehbinder in support, with the following quotation:
The conclusion is that one cannot accurately predict the scope for choice by the degree of propinquity of any given socio-economic organization to one or other of the poles (relational – transactional, or free-market – centrally planned).
The bulk of the article is taken up with part III C, a discussion of a number of transactional/relational axes, which Macneil first sets out in summary in the shape of a table. Macneil proposes twelve axes (with extremely transactional at one pole and extremely relational at the other) to illustrate the contrasts between contract transactions and contract relations: (1) overall relationship type; (2) measurability and actual measurement; (3) basic sources of socio-economic support; (4) duration; (5) commencement and termination; (6) planning; (7) degree of future coöperation required in post-commencement planning and performance; (8) incidence of benefits and burdens; (9) obligations undertaken; (10) transferability; (11) number of participants; and (12) participant views.
Of particular significance is the planning axis, because contract planning is a central theme in Macneil's writings, and one case that can be made for relational contract theory is its possible usefulness in contract planning. According to Macneil, planning in a transaction follows a fixed pattern. First, all mutual planning is done before commencement of the contract. Secondly, the primary focus of planning is the definition of the subject of the contract – what is to be exchanged. Thirdly, while some process planning may take place, this is directed at how disputes or other difficulties should be dealt with, rather than the process of performance. Fourthly, a transaction is more likely to involve goods of adhesion for which the planning has been unilateral, and there is thus likely to be less mutual planning in total. Fifthly, (presumably mutual) planning in transactions is essentially conflict-laden, as the question inevitably ends up as 'how much?' (i.e., price on one side, and quantity, quality, timeliness etc. of goods on the other).
Planning in a relation is quite different. Firstly, future mutual planning is expected when initial planning is taking place, that is to say it is expected that some planning of the relationship will take place after performance has begun. Secondly, while the substance may be the primary focus of planning in a relation as in a transaction (because of a human tendency to 'transactionize' in order to deal more readily with available information), there will be more process planning not only as to dispute resolution or trouble-shooting, but also as to performance. Relational planning will involve some detailed specificity as to elements that can be regarded as essentially transactional, and the process planning will probably be very detailed too, but these specifics are not seen as the end of planning, nor necessarily immutable in themselves, and in any event, '. . . planning in relations always involves an element of tentativeness, and with it an inherent limitation on the degree of specificity and completeness possible or desirable'. Thirdly, there is likely to be far more mutual planning. An instance might be having goods made to order, where the buyer is involved to some extent in the design process. Fourthly, while there are what might be called 'relations of adhesion', typically where a new entrant joins an existing relation, this adhesion is made reasonable because the essential fuzziness of the context makes for the possibility of modification of aspects of the relation found undesirable by the entrant. Finally, while planning in transactions is inevitably resolved into the conflict-laden question of 'how much?', planning in relations need not involve conflict, because it involves a separable mix of enterprise and allocative planning, of which the former need not be conflictual at all, and the latter may be less conflictual than in transactions because of the distribution of burdens and benefits.
It is also Macneil's argument here that the 'pure transaction' is in any event impossible 'even in theory' because of the relational backdrop to transactions provided by the existence of tacit assumptions, so that there will, of course, be some degree of overlap between the features of planning in relatively transactional exchanges and in relatively relational exchanges. This is also an important point in relation to his theory generally, and one that is frequently missed: that a pure transaction is not possible, so all contracts are relational ones, they will merely vary as to the point where they fall on the axis of highly relational to very-nearly-a-transaction. This means that any theory of relational contracts must be true also of the most 'transactional' contracts.
The axis through the incidence of benefits and burdens, is also worthy of note partly because it has implications for contract planning, and partly for its implications for the impossibility of wholly transactional contracts. Macneil's point is that in a transaction the entire incidence of any one particular benefit or burden is assigned to one or other of the parties, while in relations, benefits and burdens are shared. In short, transactions are allocative while relations are not.
The implications for planning are obvious: where a highly relational contract is envisaged, allocations of risks and benefits are not conducive to success, since they are transactional in nature and supposedly antithetical to a relation. The implication for the theory as a whole is that if allocative planning is found to be the rule rather than the exception, or even just very common in longer-term or more complex contractual relations, then what ought to be relational exhibits highly transactional features, which is the contrary to what the theory leads us to expect.
'Obligations undertaken' are the content of the contract and, as such, are also central to planning, which consists of process planning and content planning. Macneil sub-divided his discussion into three: 'sources of content'; 'sources of obligation'; and 'specificity of obligation and sanction'. In sum, he states that in transactions the source is the communicated express agreement of the parties, the sources of obligation are wholly external, and specificity is high. In relations, on the other hand, some at least of the obligational content develops through the relation itself and may never be made express, the bindingness arises from sources internal to the parties as well as external sources, and specificity is likely to be very low or non-existent.
Further denying the existence of true transactions, Macneil argues in the first section that since bindingness is external to the parties, part of the content of the obligation (i.e. its bindingness) is not expressly agreed by the parties, so the transactional norm is impossible of fulfilment.
It is in this article that Macneil first sets out his contract norms, or five of them, at any rate: (1) reciprocity; (2) rôle effectuation; (3) limited freedom of exercise of choice; (4) effectuation of planning; and (5) harmonizing with the social matrix.
In his 'postscript' Macneil writes that the article ". . . is intended as an initial effort at conceptualizing contract behavior in the interplay of transaction and relation." He proposes that once it is recognized that most (all) contracts are actually relational, and once his five contract norms have been accepted, it will be possible to build a unified law of contract (i.e., a single general theory of contracts that covers all contracts equally well – as opposed to the present state of affairs in which specific contracts have their own special rules and the general theory primarily covers novel contract situations).
4. 'Contracts: Adjustment of Long-Term Economic Relations Under Classical, Neoclassical, and Relational Contract Law'.
It is in this article that Macneil gives his famous example of the gasoline purchase ". . . at a station on the New Jersey Turnpike by someone rarely traveling the road. . .". He further argues,
According to Macneil, even the gasoline purchase was only 'quite discrete' because there is something shared: the morality that one does not simply steal petrol; the understanding that a $10 banknote is an acceptable exchange item for the gasoline, because prior experience has shown that it is useful elsewhere, too; and so on. In other words, we cannot have a truly discrete transaction because the occurrence of a transaction must necessarily be within a social matrix.
The discussion here turns on the argument, that in a system of discrete transactions, flexibility can only be planned outside the confines of the transaction. The example Macneil gives is of a nineteenth century stove manufacturer, who requires cast-iron stove parts in quantities that are likely to vary because he has limited information as to likely demand. According to Macneil,
from the opportunity to enter or to refrain from entering the market for iron. The market is external to the transaction rather than within it.
In a concluding paragraph to this section, Macneil summarizes his argument in the following manner. A discrete transaction system, in resolving the conflict between the need for stability and the need for flexibility, does not shift risks between parties, which are largely left to fall on suppliers of goods and services. To such extent that risks are shifted, they are shifted totally; there is no sharing of risks. Planning for risk minimization is thus part of the internal planning of the firm, rather than of any mutual planning process. He concludes here by asserting that ". . . there will be no planning or dealing with the conflicts or possible conflicts through cooperative risk sharing between the iron manufacturer and stove manufacturer." In a footnote, he dismisses an objection by Professor Oliver E. Williamson to the effect that he has ignored the effect on risk distribution of inventory-holding market intermediaries.
The next (sub)section of the article discusses again the idea of the classical contract (or 'transactional') norms. The point of Macneil's argument here is that ". . . classical contract law very closely parallels . . . discrete transactional patterns . . . system . . . constitutes the stereotype of interfirm . . . contracting of the laissez faire era."
The final section is titled 'Relational Contract Law'. In Macneil's own words:
The section proper begins by emphasizing the need for a contract law system to enhance discreteness and presentiation, and even with the concession that some form of neoclassical contract law is likely to continue to exist in order to serve these goals. He does not, however, approve:
He goes on to say that such abrasion will not disappear even if this does happen. Some abrasion will disappear, however: namely that resulting from ". . . the assumption that all of a contractual relation is encompassed in some original assent to it. . ." Moreover, eliminating that abrasion would also eliminate the ". . . penultimate classical characteristic justifying calling a contract law system neoclassical."
Macneil here offers what might be an initial definition of relational contract law: that which ". . . replaces the neoclassical system when . . . all that remains of classical contract law are discreteness and presentiation-enhancing segments of far larger systems . . . often playing roles subordinate to countless other goals. . ." This is followed shortly by the statement that ". . . no such system as yet exists in American law. . ."
Macneil then turns his focus on dispute resolution to illustrate the contrast between conventional contract and relational contract, and quotes a model of the litigation (or rights arbitration) process, which obtains in conventional contract, from Chayes' article 'The Role of the Judge in Public Law Litigation'. There are five elements of the model, put briefly: (1) litigation is organized as a contest between two unitary interests; (2) the controversy concerns an identified set of completed events; (3) the scope of the relief is derived from the substantive violation; (4) litigation is a self-contained episode, i.e. the impact of the judgment is confined to the parties and entry of judgment ends the court's involvement; (5) the process is party-initiated and party-controlled. Macneil comments that 'aturally, no such model will do when the relation is supposed to continue in spite of the dispute, and where a main goal must always be its successful carrying on after the dispute is resolved or otherwise eliminated or avoided.
Macneil then proceeds to a discussion regarding the existence of hierarchies conventional contract: formal communication over informal; linguistic over non-linguistic communications; communicated circumstances over uncommunicated ones. According to Macneil, these both do and do not continue in relational contract. They have a rôle in the sense that they reflect relative importance placed upon them by parties: one puts in writing that which is considered particularly important and binding; one communicates circumstances that seem significant and will generally only leave uncommunicated those that are relatively trivial. They do not continue in the sense that the hierarchies are much more mutable and conditional. Macneil suggests, though, that the formal, written parts of contractual relations, can (though with care) be looked at as constitutional instruments; though only if they have not become moribund, in which case to treat them in this way would be 'dysfunctional' and neoclassical. Changes in expectations will have occurred, either gradually, by accretion, or else suddenly, by command within the accepted and acceptable limits of the relation, and these must be given effect in order to 'harmonize conflict within the internal matrix of the relation'. Where it occurs at all (since some relations are expected to endure indefinitely – e.g., Harvard University), termination is treated similarly to other change, except, presumably, in the application of the norm of maintaining the relation. In sum, adjustments, including termination, can be expected to be messy, rather than following the classical pattern of sharp-in, sharp-out.
Macneil finishes this article with a summary. A system based on the classical paradigm of the discrete transaction, he argues, depends for flexibility on the market outside the transaction itself, rather than internal factors. A more relational system allows the planning in of flexibility and change. Eventually, as relations become longer and more complex, conventional contract breaks down and a fully relational system is needed, with very different adjustment processes.
5. The New Social Contract.
"The New Social Contract" was based on Macneil's 1979 Rosenthal Lectures at Northwestern University and, together with 'Many Futures' is Macneil's best-known work on relational contract.
The arguments as to conventional contract theory being based on an unrealistic paradigm are restated at the beginning of the book, in particular the argument that there is no such thing as a truly discrete transaction. Macneil then goes on to set out in some detail in the text a version in connected prose of the table, which appears in both Many Futures and Adjustment, contrasting the discrete transaction with the contract relation.
Much of the remainder of the first chapter sets out to deal, essentially, with how the model of the primitive contractual relation has to be adapted to describe the modern contractual relation. This is approached under eight headings: (1) measurement and specificity; (2) sources of contractual solidarity; (3) planning; (4) sharing and dividing benefits; (5) obligations; (6) transferability; (7) attitudes; and (8) power, hierarchy and command. There is a higher degree of measurement present, largely because of the existence of cash as one side of the bargain (for want of a better word). 'Contractual solidarity' is achieved in both cases through internal relations of interdependence and custom, but in the case of the modern relation these will have a significant legalistic element of precision. There will also be a greater sense of separation between the relation and that which is outside it in the modern relation.
It appears from chapters two and three that relational contract theory not only depends on, but actually consists of a number of norms. Macneil states that his norms are "norms in a positivist sense". He justifies this by pointing out that one definition of a norm can be a 'pattern or trait taken to be typical in the behavior of a social group', quoting "Webster's Seventh New Collegiate Dictionary".
The first set of norms, common to all contracts, are nine in number: (1) rôle integrity; (2) mutuality; (3) implementation of planning; (4) effectuation of consent; (5) flexibility; (6) contractual solidarity; (7) 'the linking norms: restitution, reliance and expectation interests'; (8) creation and restraint of power; and (9) harmonization with the social matrix.
The remainder of the second chapter is devoted to a consideration of those norms that are special to, or of special significance to, conventional and relational contract respectively. In the case of conventional contract there is 'the discrete norm', which Macneil calls 'enhancing discreteness and presentiation'. In the case of relational contract, they are four in number (perhaps): one that belongs to the common norms, that of rôle integrity, which is specially enhanced in relations; and three new ones specific to relational contract: 'preservation of the relation', 'harmonization of relational conflict', and the 'supracontract norms'.
The relational norms are those that are specially intensified in contractual relations as opposed to transactions. They are four in number: (1) rôle integrity; (2) preservation of the relation; (3) harmonization of relational conflict; and (4) supracontract norms. The last three of these are new, in the sense that they are not previously mentioned by these names. Macneil explains, however, that 'preservation of the relation' is "an intensification and expansion of the norm of contractual solidarity". The norm "involves preservation of particular memberships in relations – individual preservation – as well as preservation of the larger relation – collective preservation". The next, 'harmonization of relational conflict' is, of course, linked with relationship preservation, but Macneil treats it separately because of particular problems that he perceives as arising in modern contract relations: in particular, the problem of harmonizing the more presentiated and measured aspects with the remainder of the relation. Problems also arise in terms of internal versus external relations within/of the relation. Supracontract norms are those factors in contractual relations that are not particularly contractual in nature, for example factors arising from large contractual relations forming 'minisocieties and ministates'.
Chapter three is titled 'Relational Contract Law', and is a wide-ranging discussion of some of the bases for and consequences of adoption of a relational contract theory. A number of points are canvassed, including the role of discreteness and presentiation in contract relations (important, but relegated where conflicting with the norm of relationship preservation) and the argument that we live in a world of agents without principals. Macneil also discusses the involvement of the state in promoting relational norms, both externally (i.e., inflicting changes in the power balance on private contracting parties) and internally through its bureaucracy (since the state itself is perceived as a giant – though not the biggest – contractual relation).
The scheme of the chapter is a series of discussions, in turn, of the role of discreteness and presentiation in contractual relations, the importance of 'constituencies' for those conducting contractual relations, mutuality and power, contractual solidarity, the notion of disproportionate harm, and 'purpose, planning, power and perfectionism'.
There is also a discussion of the notion of agency. Macneil explains that contracts are not, by and large made directly between principals, but rather via agents: a shopper principal buys in a supermarket from an agent (servant)-assistant; a firm's buyer (an agent) buys from another firm's salesman (another agent/servant), and so on. But who are the principals? Not the buyer or the salesmen. Not their line managers either. Nor their respective Chief Executives. Nor the boards of directors. Ultimately it is in each case the company in question. But a company isn't a real person, so how can it know what its interests are and secure them? Do its agents always even try to act in the company's interests? This point is very important for Macneil, for contract becomes much more complex and 'relational' where those engaging in contracting activity are essentially acting for 'constituencies' (fellow employees, shareholders, customers, the government, and so on).
In relation to fairness in bargaining Macneil notes,
What he is referring to here is made clear by a quotation from Lord Devlin (see Patrick Devlin, Baron Devlin):
The common lawyers hardly recognized the principle of fair dealing as one that needed independent support. For them free dealing was fair dealing. So long as fraud and deceit were kept out of the ring, it was up to each party to fight for the best bargain he could get; a fair fight meant that a fair bargain would result.
Mutuality, then, in classical contract law at least, is something with which the positive law is not concerned, except insofar as the courts will decline to enforce fraudulently obtained bargains. Macneil, though, concedes that 'neoclassical' contract law does concern itself with mutuality and the power status quo prior to making a bargain (the then infant doctrine of economic duress and the equitable doctrine of undue influence).
Macneil defines solidarity as "no more than the norm of holding exchanges together". Macneil's analysis of solidarity takes in Durkheim's division into 'organic' and 'mechanical' solidarity. Briefly, mechanical solidarity is that which exists between likes, and organic solidarity that between the unalike.
It is the latter that is the product, among humans, of specialization of labour, one of Macneil's primal roots of contract, and therefore it is organic solidarity with which Macneil is concerned. He has argued elsewhere that solidarity may produce an identity of selfish interest, so that where one party acts to decrease the utility of the other, then his own utility decreases too, resulting in a need for cooperation. Campbell comments that 'co-operative attitude makes the notion of the individual utility maximiser inappropriate to [relational contracts'. However, it is arguable that the individual utility maximizer simply becomes a long-run individual utility maximizer, i.e., short-term advantage is sacrificed to gain a (greater) long-run advantage, thus maximizing utility for the individual. People cooperate, not for the sake of it, but in order to increase their own utility. That this manifestation of self-interest may not be obvious in a particular course of conduct does not, for Macneil, make it absent: ". . .put two or more self-interested participants into a cohesive relation . . . and see what happens to self-interest . . . Interest in such circumstances cannot afford the luxury of inconstancy".
Macneil observes that law provides general stability and also directly facilitates solidarity in two ways. The first is that it "provides for the accomplishment of cooperation", through its very existence (we feel able to work with others not because we think it likely that we will ever sue them, but because the fact that we could do so means that our cooperation is likely to be reciprocated). The second is the law's provision of a "relatively precise expression . . . 'index' . . . of the great underlying and diffuse sea of custom and social practices in which human affairs are conducted." The 'index' identifies which customs et cetera are most important, thus helping us maintain our sense of solidarity (including, in the case of contract law, such ideas as the obligation to pay bills). Thus law in general (and contract law in particular) provides a base for and promotes solidarity. The rest of his discussion focuses on the social and psychological roots of organic solidarity in a technological society, about which Macneil comments
So, Macneil argues, in a sense, the law of contract is a support of solidarity, because it is the result of the need for solidarity, which division of labour (which is an essential condition for the development of contract) creates. Contractual solidarity is thus a norm of contract law. The concept of disproportionate harm is part of what comes under consideration in the discussion of solidarity: where the positive law fails to prevent the infliction of disproportionate harm, then solidary feeling tends to lessen or break down altogether. The example Macneil gives is of trade unions in Britain inflicting considerable harm on the public in order to obtain quite modest gains (he seems to have had in mind the public-sector strikes in the 1978–9 'Winter of Discontent').
The final section, 'Purpose, Planning, Power and Perfectionism' provides an insight to the attitudes behind Macneil's contract thinking. Macneil gives here an account of his own Utopia, the land of 'Post-Technique'. The inhabitants have abandoned the idea of 'the one best way' in favour of having good ways of doing things and less planning. Their production is perhaps a bit lower, but possibly not significantly so, since they have discovered that the elaborate planning of today is time-consuming and unproductive, as well as being somewhat hit-and-miss. In order to minimize planning and the power and bureaucratization that go with it, the one best way must be avoided altogether. In order to do that competition has to be limited (heavy taxes would be used to discourage new technology, for instance).
As to the rest of the law of Post-Technique and its relational constitution:
Reception.
A symposium on relational contract theory was held at Northwestern University in 1999, with papers given by a number of very distinguished American contract scholars including Stewart Macaulay, Melvin Eisenberg, Jay Feinman, Eric Posner, Robert E. Scott, and Richard Speidel.
Macneil's work is often considered inaccessible and difficult to read. And Macneil himself has expressed some disappointment at the reception of the work among legal scholars: 'I have now had over a decade to accept that there had never been any race to a relational theory of contract, nor have the succeeding years seen either widespread acceptance of (or indeed much challenge to) my particular theory or the development of other relational theories.' However, the Northwestern symposium and other more recent work goes some way to correcting that omission. In particular, David Campbell has published an edited collection of Macneil's relational contract theory work. Macneil's work in particular has also been discussed by Richard Austen-Baker, who relates Macneil's system of norms to English contract law doctrine, and used Macneil's theory to discuss the need or otherwise of further regulation of consumer contracts.
Relational contract theory has probably wider use and acceptance in management scholarship, and there is a considerable volume of management scholarly literature that refers to and utilises Macneil's insights.
Death.
Macneil died February 16, 2010, at the age of 80.
Copy of his obituary from "The Scotsman":
"MACNEIL OF BARRA Ian Roderick (Edinburgh - Isle of Barra) Prof Ian Roderick Macneil of Barra. BA. LLB. Wigmore Professor of Law Emeritus, Northwestern University School of Law, on February 16, 2010, at home, in his 80th year, much loving and loved husband of Nancy (nee Wilson), dear dad of Rory, Sandy and Jennie and father-in-law of Sau Ming and Adrienne, and loving grandfather of Ruari, Isla, Seumas, Torin, Phoebe, and Michael. Funeral services, Our Lady Star of the Sea, Castlebay, Isle of Barra, on Wednesday, February 24, at 11 am, interment thereafter Cueir Cemetery."
Select bibliography.
Macneil is the author of well over 60 papers, monographs and other works. A full bibliography up to 2000 can be found in D. Campbell (Ed)"The Relational Theory of Contract: Selected Works of Ian Macneil" (Sweet & Maxwell: London, 2001). The following is a representative selection of Macneil's work.
I.R. Macneil:
'When Acceptance Becomes Effective' in R.B. Schlesinger (Ed) "Formation of Contracts: A Study of the Common Core of Legal Systems" (Oceana Pubs: Dobbs Ferry, 1968)
'Whither Contracts?' (1969) 21 "Journal of Legal Education" 403
'Restatement (Second) of Contracts and Presentiation' (1974) 60 "Virginia Law Review" 589
'The Many Futures of Contracts' (1974) 47 "Southern California Law Review" 691
'A Primer of Contract Planning' (1975) 48 "Southern California Law Review" 627
'Contracts: Adjustment of Long-Term Economic Relations Under Classical, Neoclassical, and Relational Contract Law' (1978) 72 "Northwestern University Law Review" 854
"Contracts: Exchange Transactions and Relations", 2d edn (Foundation Press: Mineola, 1978) (1st edn, 1971)
"The New Social Contract" (Yale UP: New Haven, Conn, 1980)
'Economic Analysis of Contractual Relations: Its Shortfalls and the Need for a "Rich Classifactory Apparatus"' (1981) 75 "Northwestern University Law Review" 1018
'Efficient Breach: Circles in the Sky' (1982) 68 "Virginia Law Review" 947
'Values in Contract: Internal and External' (1983) 78 "Northwestern University Law Review" 340
'Reflections on Relational Contract' (1985) 141 "Journal of Institutional and Theoretical Economics" 541
'Exchange Revisited: Individual Utility and Social Solidarity' (1986) 96 "Ethics" 567
'Relational Contract Theory as Sociology: A reply to Professors Lindenberg and de Vos' (1987) 143 "Journal of Institutional and Theoretical Economics" 272
'Contract Remedies: A Need for a Better Efficiency Analysis' (1988) 144 "Journal of Institutional and Theoretical Economics" 6
"American Arbitration Law: Reformulation – Nationalisation – Internationalisation" (OUP: Oxford, 1992)
'Contracting Worlds and Essential Contract Theory' (2000) 9 "Social and Legal Studies" 431
'Relational Contract Theory: Challenges and Queries' (2000) 94 "Northwestern University Law Review" 877
'Reflections on Relational Contract Theory after a Neo-classical Seminar' in H. Collins, D. Campbell and J. Wightman (Eds), "The Implicit Dimensions of Contract" (Hart: Oxford, 2003)

</doc>
<doc id="19495215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495215" title="Lisasion">
Lisasion

Lisasion is a form of erosion where the earth is eroded by intentional human action.
Lisasion is described by Michael John Selby in his book "Earth's changing surface: an introduction to geomorphology" as "the erosion of land, most commonly along rivers and coastlines, by intentional human action." Lisasion only applies to "intentional" human action, whereby humans deliberately erode the landscape for reasons including for recreation, hazard management and all forms of construction and demolition.

</doc>
<doc id="19495219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495219" title="Ernst Henrici">
Ernst Henrici

Carl Ernst Julius Henrici (* 10 December 1854 in Berlin; † 10 July 1915 in Döbeln) was a German grammar school teacher, writer, colonial adventurer and anti-Semitic politician.
Life.
Born to tax-collector Friedrich Wilhelm Ludwig Henrici and his wife Wilhelmine in Berlin, Henrici studied at the Friedrichwerdersches Gymnasium and graduated in 1874. He then studied philology at the Frederick William University and a took a doctorate in 1878 with an award-winning work on "Notkers Psalmenkommentar". He subsequently served as a teacher at a private high school for young ladies. Together with his older brother, Emil, a grammar school teacher, he founded the Society for German philology and published much work on linguistic and historical topics. In 1879, he travelled to study in London when his first marriage ended. After his return in the same year he underwent an internship as a grammar school teacher at the Luisenstraße Municipal Secondary School in Berlin and moved in the next year to Victoria school, another high school for young ladies.
Anti-semitic Agitator.
Politically active Henrici was initially involved in the left-wing Progressive Party; after 1880, however, he became a radical anti-Semitic Agitator in the Berlin movement. He was co-initiator of the so-called Antisemitenpetition, founded the Social Nazi Party in 1881 and propagated in numerous meetings (December 17, 1880 "imperial hall speech", on December 30, 1880 "Bock assembly") a racist anti-Semitic, anti-capitalist, anti-liberal and anti-conservative agenda. On New Year's Eve 1880 there were anti-Jewish riots in Berlin, that were attributed to Henrici's inflammatory speeches. In 1881 he was therefore dismissed from the school. In 1882 he participated in the first International Anti-Jewish Congress in Dresden.
The synagogue fire in Neustettin.
A few days after an anti-Semitic diatribe in Neustettin (February 13, 1881) the city's synagogue was burnt down. While the local Jews and the liberal press a suspected arson attack, the anti-Semites alleged that the Jews had set the synagogue alight to discredit anti-Semitism and to claim the building's insurance money for cash. Five members of the Jewish community were prosecuted for arson and sent to prison, but acquitted in the second instance. In connection with these agitations anti-Jewish riots occurred in Neustettin and other such as places Farther Pomerania and West Prussia.
Election defeat and end of his political career.
Within the Berlin movement, Henrici the ultra-radical remained an outsider. Henrici did not participate in the alliance of conservatives and anti-Semites in Conservativen Central Committee, but stood in the Reichstag elections as an Independent. With only 843 votes he suffered a devastating defeat against Max Liebermann of Sonnenberg. Until 1885 he still operated in radical anti-semitic circles until he turned to the colonial movement. In 1884 he married a second time to Clara Agnes Luise Lehmann who bore him three children, (Elsa Hedwig Luise, Walther Ludwig Adalbert, Lothar).
Colonial adventurer.
After participating in a government expedition to Togo in 1887, in 1888 he was co-founder and Chairman of the Nightingale Society for patriotic Africa Research and lectured about German cultural work in Africa. With his brother-in-law, the landscape painter Franz Leuschner, he travelled a second time to Togo in order to buy farmland. His attempt to gain as foothold as a planter in the German Colony failed through inadequate agricultural and geographical knowledge. In 1890 he founded the "German Togo company, Henrici and partners" which in the same year had to be dissolved. In 1891 he returned completely impoverished and heavily in debt to Germany, from where he embarked overseas. In 1891 in the New World, he was made surveyor at the German Railway in Venezuela and as a bridge-builder and coffee planter in Costa Rica. In 1902 he took over a job as a mechanical engineer in Baltimore, USA at the company Bartlett, Hayward & Co. Here he published his "Dramatic Works". In 1905 Henrici returned to Germany and was married in the third time, to Edith Meyer. From 1907, he worked in Leipzig as editor of the Spanish and English language magazines "El Comprador" and "Energy". In 1908, he travelled again to the United States, held lectures in New York and then operated a farm near Mechanicsville in the State of Maryland. After his third wife was killed by a lightning strike, he married Paula Riedel in 1909 and sold his farm the following year. In 1910 Henrici attempted in vain the Habilitation at the University of Leipzig in the areas of Colonial economy and transport. In 1911 he led an agricultural-technical office and laboratory in Klinga and in 1912 and tried to run as a prospective candidate in the Reichstag elections for the Saxon Conservatives. In Klinga he led from 1913 the State school home and was editor of the Evangelical national anti-Semitic journal "Frankfurt Viewpoint". An article in which he sharply criticized a speech by Rosa Luxemburg led to a court conviction. In 1914 he also acted as a research assistant at the Leipzig Book Fair for Trade, and in September 1914 became relief teacher at the Royal Grammar School with Real Higher Agricultural School in Döbeln. He died in 1915 in Döbeln at the age of 60.
Literature.
With an introductory biography and comments on biobibliographics Ernst Henrici, Hermann Makower, Erich Sello. 1998

</doc>
<doc id="19495228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495228" title="KM Ostrów Wielkopolski">
KM Ostrów Wielkopolski

Klub Motorowy Ostrów Wielkopolski ("Motor Club Ostrów Wielkopolski") was a Polish motorcycle speedway team based in Ostrów Wielkopolski who currently race in First League (2nd division). The club never won Team Polish Champion title. They folded in 2009 and the town's speedway tradition are now continued by by ZKŻ Ostrovia Ostrów Wielkopolski.
Stadium.
The Municipal Stadium in Ostrów Wielkopolski is located on "ulica Piłsudskiego (Piłsudski street)". It contains 12,000 seats. The track is 372 metres long and has a granite surface. The track record was made by Robert Miśkowiak (63.05 sec on 28 June 2009).

</doc>
<doc id="19495233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495233" title="False Pass Airport">
False Pass Airport

False Pass Airport is a state owned, public use airport located in False Pass, a city in the Aleutians East Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska. Scheduled airline service to Cold Bay Airport is provided by Peninsula Airways (PenAir).
As per Federal Aviation Administration records, the airport had 505 passenger boardings (enplanements) in calendar year 2008, 482 enplanements in 2009, and 321 in 2010. It is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015, which categorized it as a "general aviation" airport (the "commercial service" category requires at least 2,500 enplanements per year).
Facilities and aircraft.
False Pass Airport covers an area of 20 acres (8 ha) at an elevation of 20 feet (6 m) above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 13/31 with a gravel surface measuring 2,100 by 75 feet (640 x 23 m). For the 12-month period ending December 31, 2005, the airport had 1,050 aircraft operations, an average of 87 per month: 52% general aviation and 48% air taxi.
Airlines and destinations.
The following airlines offer scheduled passenger service at this airport:

</doc>
<doc id="19495240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495240" title="Hypochrysops byzos">
Hypochrysops byzos

The Yellow-spot Jewel, Hypochrysops byzos, is a member of the family Lycaenidae. Its range consist of Eastern Australia. The wingspan of both the male and female is about 3cms.

</doc>
<doc id="19495244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495244" title="Mont Nabemba">
Mont Nabemba

Mont Nabemba is the highest mountain in Republic of the Congo. Located in Sangha Department, the mountain has an elevation of .
Nabemba Tower in Brazzaville is named after the mountain.
Mining.
Iron ore deposits are located in the vicinity. Sundance Resources are drilling in preparation to mine the total mountain.

</doc>
<doc id="19495246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495246" title="Rise of Dravidian parties to power in Tamil Nadu">
Rise of Dravidian parties to power in Tamil Nadu

Dravidian parties rose to power and prominence in the political stage of Tamil Nadu, a state in India, in the 1960s. The rise in power and political support was gradual until Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (DMK), a Dravidian party, formed the government in the state in 1967. Although after the 1970s the Dravidian parties met with many break-aways and have taken rival stances against each other, the seat of power in Tamil Nadu has been with one or other Dravidian party. The increase in popularity of the Dravidian parties in the 1960s is attributed to several factors including the fall of popularity of the Congress Government in the centre and the North-South disparity as claimed by the Dravidian politics. The series of events climaxed with an anti Hindi agitation which led to the downfall of popularity of the then Indian National Congress government in the state and eventual rise of Dravidian parties to power.
Background.
Dravidian parties includes an array of regional political parties in the state of Tamil Nadu, India which trace their origins and ideologies either directly or indirectly to the Dravidian movement of Periyar E. V. Ramasamy.
The Dravidian parties have traditionally associated themselves with the Dravidian community and thus their primary goal was to achieve social equality and end the domination of North India on politics and economy of Tamil Nadu (a south Indian state).
Although most Dravidian parties are offshoots of Dravidar Kazhagam (DK), there are a few other parties in Tamil Nadu that did not arise from DK directly. Nevertheless, both the former and the latter are considered as Dravidian parties because of the similarities of their ideals and goals.
Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (DMK) and its political rival All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK) have been the major players of the Dravidian parties.
Decline of Congress Party’s popularity.
Immediately after Indian independence, the Congress party was popular and thus was electorally very successful forming governments in most of the states including the Madras State. But the popularity of the Congress government in Madras started to decline with its head Rajagopalachari proposing Hereditary Education Policy, which the opposition parties saw as an attempt to perpetuate the social hierarchy of the caste system. Congress gained back some ground when K. Kamaraj who was seen as a "man of the soil" took over. But his resignation to assume presidency of the All-India Congress Committee was detrimental to the state Congress since Kamaraj was much respected by the people, and even by political opponents of Congress including Periyar E. V. Ramasamy .
Resignation of Kamaraj itself was a cause of deeply declining popularity of Congress all over India and especially in Madras State. Kamaraj sensed that DMK was rapidly gaining popularity in the state and coupled with his fear of fall of Congress-governments in several other states of India as well as the center instigated many other Congress leaders to relinquish cabinet positions. At one point even Jawaharlal Nehru would volunteer to resign to strengthen the party, but soon to be advised not to, given the sensitivity of the issue.
After Nehru's death the Indian National Congress had weakened nationally. More than half of the population by then were less than the age of 35 and represented the post-Gandhian era. Nevertheless, the reasons for the resentment found within the Indian mass were more to do to the everyday life rather than just the political turmoil. There were food shortage in several parts of the country and especially the state of Bihar was close to a famine.
After Kamaraj's resignation, the next Chief Minister of Madras State, Bhakthavatchalam, wasn’t able to inherit the charm of his predecessor. Persistent charges of ministerial corruption tarnished the image of the Congress. The food scarcity in the state was seen as an artificial scarcity, the mixed product of administrative bungling and private hoarding. The then scenario in Madras State, as observed by political analysts, was "frustration without coherence or direction, a revolutionary situation without revolutionists".
North South divide.
The differences between North and South India, both as in languages as well as in social structure were compounded in Tamil Nadu through the feeling that the nation was dominated by the North and that the South had been both neglected and exploited. The antipathy towards the north developed as the animosity against Sanskrit; which were two folds as hostility towards Hindi (a Sanskritic language) as well as Brahmin (as a proponent of Sanskrit). Brahminism was seen as the instrument of this "tyranny". Ritually and socially superior to the non-Brahmin masses, a Brahmin commanded a dominant political and economic position in Tamil Nadu. With the rise of Dravidar Kazhagam and birth of DMK, along with the ascent of Kamaraj in the Congress, the Brahmin dominance was already on the process of being displaced in the Madras State.
The North South divide in India was more prominent by the 1960s with the both the mass
and the politicians of the North looking at English as a foreign language that has usurped the rightful place of indigenous languages, whereas the South feared that English to be replaced by Hindi which is equally foreign to its tongues.
Tamil renaissance and nationalism.
Tamil had undergone a cultural renaissance in the 20th century shedding off Sanskrit influence on its language.
This language revival had exposed the Tamils on the richness of their literature and more than two thousand years of history. It was seen by Tamils that Hindi, an undeveloped language being imposed on them. With this renaissance coupled with the new-found awareness of its uniqueness when compared to the Northern Indian languages led to suspicion on anything that is Northern. Anti-Brahminism sentiments that had arisen further complicated the antipathy to the North, since it was seen by leaders like Periyar as an import from the North. Periyar and his DK, as did the DK’s predecessor Justice Party, saw the British Raj as the only alternative to Brahmin dominance. The resultant Tamil nationalism had till then not been expressed as violence. Both under the British and in independent India the Tamils have had a somewhat privileged position, since they were much sought after as labour, partly because the standard of education and knowledge of English have been to some extent higher than elsewhere in India and consequently Tamils have secured a large share of appointments in government service and education. Perhaps because of this, Tamil linguistic feelings had never turned against English. As Tamils saw English not as a threat, but a tool for advancement and protection of their interest, replacing English with Hindi even as a suggestion provoked violently adverse reactions, in particular, amongst students. Thus introduction of Hindi as a national language was seen as direct measure of the North to dominate the South culturally, economically, and politically. For them the use of English as an official language meant social equality where a Northerner and a Southerner start at a same point in English.
Anti-Hindi agitations.
Background.
The major driving force of the Anti-Hindi agitation was not the questioning of protecting Tamil, but questions of future of Tamils. Hindi as a suitable candidate for the official language of India after independence was first proposed by Motilal Nehru Report of 1928. An Official Language Commission appointed under the terms of the Constitution in 1955 to review the situation supported Hindi as the sole official language, although members from Bengal and Madras dissented in favour of English. As of 1961 census, there were 1652 languages. Hindi as official language was opposed stating two reasons; the first because numbers of people with knowledge on English language was fairly evenly spread and also that imposition of Hindi would give a major advantage in terms of job and educational possibilities to those who have Hindi as their mother tongue. In effect a Tamil who would desire to pursue into union civil service would have to learn three languages, Tamil, Hindi and English, which are members of three different language families and each written in a different script. Therefore a three-language formula proposed was seen as a great educational burden imposed on non-Hindi-speaking states. Nehru promised in 1959 that the interests of the non-Hindi speakers will be safeguarded and so did Lal Bahadur Shastri later, but those promises didn’t put the fears of non-Hindi speakers to rest.
Rise of anti-Hindi sentiments.
The support on opposition of Hindi as a national language by the education elite was well evident by the early 1960s where DMK, a champion of this cause, controlled corporations of all the major towns in the Madras State. As the time clocked down to 26 January 1965, the threshold for the end of use of English as official language, neither Nehru’s promise or the constitutional amendments of 1963 could calm the Tamil population, as it was obvious for them that moves to publicise Hindi as a language for Civil service examinations were underway by the central government.
Three language formula.
The other southern states, Mysore State (now Karnataka), Andhra and Kerala, adopted a three language formula where the students would be expected to study English, Hindi, and their regional language. While the north was keen on getting the southern curriculum with compulsory Hindi, it was demanded from the south that northern states are asked to take on a three language policy for themselves too with one of them being a Dravidian language. The northern states either refused to adopt a three language formula or wherever a three language formula was implemented in the north an option for taking Sanskrit was implemented, defeating the purpose of the policy itself.
Inaction of the state's Congress party.
With the surging fears haunting the people of Madras, Congress party of the state would do nothing bigger than a small demonstration and insist the people that there was no ground for alarm. In contrast, DMK held an Anti-Hindi Conference in Trichirapalli on 17 January 1965. The conference was supported by all major opposition parties and funded by major wealthy industrialists – the industrialists who themselves feared of losing into influence of the North if Hindi be made the official language. The conference decided to hold the 26 January (the fifteen anniversary of India’s republic day) as a "Day of Mourning". Madras State’s Chief Minister Bhakthavatchalam declared a warning that the state government would not tolerate the sanctity of the Republic day blasphemed. Hence DMK advanced the day of mourning by two days, "id est." on 24 January. Although no longer a day of mourning, plans of demonstration on the 26th were still underway. DMK and its then ally, Swatantara Party had asked its members to fly black flags in their homes on that day. Bhakthavatchalam declared that such acts would be considered traitorous.
Further North-South divide.
Annadurai, who by now was trying hard to erase his party’s secessionist image, proclaimed that the official slogan of the agitation will be "Down with Hindi; Long live the Republic" – in Tamil – "Hindi Ozhiga; Kudiyarasu Vāzhga". With the tensions tightening in the South, some Northern states, such as Bihar, Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan and Uttar Pradesh organised anti-English riots involving, violence and lawlessness against government properties. Thus as the North-South divide further deepened, the stage was set for conflict between the Congress-led government and the opposition parties, but the scale and development of the conflict were expected by none.
Unfolding of events.
24 January 1965, the day of mourning, would pass more peaceful than anticipated. Since Bhakthavatchalam had warned the students that their participation in politics won’t be tolerated, the student associations had planned a day of demonstration throughout the state on 25 January, a day after the DMK’s day of mourning. On the morning of the 25th student of one of the colleges in Madurai assembled at the college gate, shouted slogans against Hindi imposition and burnt an effigy of "Hindi demoness". As they left in procession chanting slogans they were joined by students of other colleges. When the students approached the Congress Party district office, which lay on the route, some Congress volunteers who had arrived in a Jeep shouted insults and obscenities at the students. A volley of sandals from the students returned the insult. The provoked Congress volunteers, who ran back into the Party’s office, returned with knives and attacked students, wounding seven. As the riot broke out, students set fire to the pandal in the Congress office, constructed for the Republic day celebrations. A procession which should have been an otherwise peaceful demonstration, sparked into two-month long riots throughout the state. Some unofficial report place figures on the number of deaths close to three hundred. Some students poured gasoline and immolated themselves. Brutality of police firing and lathi-charges only deepened the resentment. Two policemen were beaten to death by mob near Coimbatore and in the state capital Madras mob set fire to railway cars and looted stores.
Robert Hardgrave Jr, professor of humanities, government and Asian studies, suggests that the elements contributing to the riots were not majorly instigated by DMK or Leftists or even the industrialists, as the Congress government of the state suggested, but were genuine frustrations and discontentment which lay beneath the surface of the people of the state. While some industrialists funded student movements and the opposition parties (DMK and Swatantara party) helped move it politically, it is well observed that agitation was a spontaneous reaction, which directly reflected the anger of the common people, especially the students.
As if the embarrassment of high involvement of the commoner in the agitations is not enough for the Congress, Baktavatsalam further added fuel to fire, by claiming that he possessed documents proving the involvement of DMK in instigating violence, the documents which he could never publish.
DMK's involvement in anti-Hindi agitation.
Although Annadurai had asked students to return to classes and leave the agitation, some high profile leaders in DMK were still active and popular within the students. One of them being Karunanidhi, who when was later arrested attained a status of "martyred hero". However, although the party did not instigate the violence directly it had prepared the scene rather by accident, by nurturing the antipathy of the South to the North. Nevertheless, the Anti Hindi agitation and the popularity gained through it aided DMK to a great extent to win the 1967 general elections.
Dravidian parties in power.
Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam.
When fourth General Elections (1967) were announced in India, the nation was severe state of crisis, both politically and economically. Some, according to reports, suggested to postpone the general election or even not to conduct it at all. The Times (London) had mentioned to the general election as "the fourth – and surely last – general election". Although the political elite would counter the critics as calling it the "first true General Elections that India witnessed", the wheels of fortune in the political scenario in India was rapidly changing. It can be noted that DMK was one of the two parties (the other party to see such fortunes was Muslim League with 3 of 3 seats) to win all the seats it contested in the national elections, winning 25 of 25 and emerged as the third major opposition party in the Indian Parliament. Kamaraj, who was then the President of the Congress party, himself lost to rather less known "student leader" in his home constituency. DMK, further had been voted by more than 6 million voters in the state assembly winning 138 out of 173 seats it contested for. The electoral victory in 1967 is also reputed to an electoral fusion among the non-Congress parties to avoid a split in the Opposition votes. Rajagopalachari, a former senior leader of the Congress party, had by then left the Congress and launched the right-wing Swatantra Party. He played a vital role in bringing about the electoral fusion amongst the opposition parties to align against the Congress.
Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam.
M. G. Ramachandran the then treasurer of the DMK formed his splinter party Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam in 1972 after a personal feud with the DMK chief M. Karunanidhi His AIADMK, as another Dravidian party, would take charge of the government after winning state elections in 1977. Since then either AIADMK or DMK formed the governments in Tamil Nadu.

</doc>
<doc id="19495251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495251" title="The Nose (short story)">
The Nose (short story)

Translation.
Multiple translators have published "The Nose" in English, the most recent by Jay Rubin and published by Penguin Group.
Plot summary.
Zenchi Naigu, a Heian period Buddhist priest, is more concerned with diminishing his overly long, dangling nose than he is with studying and teaching the sūtras. He pretends to ignore his nose in fear it will be mentioned, and studies religious texts in a desperate attempt to find a person with a nose like his. When in private, he constantly checks his nose in a mirror, hoping for even the smallest amount of shrinkage.
One autumn, a disciple reveals he has learned a new technique to shrink noses from a friend, a Chinese doctor who has become a high-ranking priest at the Chōrakuji temple in Kyoto. At first, Naigu feigns disinterest, to appeal to the misconception that he is unconcerned with his nose, but eventually “gives in” to his disciple’s insisting. The disciple first boils the nose, then stomps on it, finally removing the beads of fat the treatment extracts from the nose. To Naigu’s satisfaction, the nose, once dangling past his chin, is now the size of a typical hooked nose.
Naigu, excited but nervous, sets about his weekly routines. He is surprised, however, to find the people he encounters laughing at him far more openly than they had before. Naigu becomes bitter and harsh, to the point where one disciple proclaims: “Naigu will be punished for treating us so harshly instead of teaching us Buddha’s Law”. People continue to laugh at Naigu for his vanity, until one day, Naigu wakes up, and to his relief and rejoicing, his nose has returned to its original length.
Major themes.
Akutagawa explores the themes of vanity and egoism in "The Nose". Naigu’s vanity leads him to obsess only with his nose. This vanity eventually breeds disfigurement and a coldness from his peers, recognizing Naigu’s egotism taking precedent over his religious studies and teaching. Instead of his status as a renowned priest, Naigu views his nose as the source of how society will judge him. As is typical with Akutagawa, these inherently modern psychological themes are directly injected into ancient stories and myth.
Literary significance and reception.
Akutagawa gained much of his initial fame from "The Nose", one of his earliest works.
After reading "The Nose", the renowned writer Soseki Natsume sent a letter to Akutagawa, praising his work:
 I found your piece ["The Nose"] very interesting. Sober and serious without trying to be funny. It exudes humor, a sure sign of refined taste. Furthermore, the material is fresh and eye-catching. Your style is well-published, admirably fitting.
References to other works.
The story makes numerous references to the Buddhist scriptures, mentioning many characters from them, such as Mokuren, Sharihotsu, Ryūju, Memyō, and the Bodhisattvas
It also makes reference to a Chinese story where the Chinese Shu Han emperor Liu Bei is said to have had long ears.
References to actual geography.
The story makes reference to Chōraku-ji Temple, a Buddhist temple in Shimoda, Shizuoka where the story’s Chinese doctor formerly became a high-ranking priest.
"The Nose" also makes reference to the Kyoto Imperial Palace, where Naigu is one of the few honored priests able to minister within the palace walls.

</doc>
<doc id="19495253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495253" title="Polish Workers' Sport Federation">
Polish Workers' Sport Federation

Polish Workers' Sport Federation (, ZRSS) was a sports federation in interbellum Poland, dominated by the Polish Socialist Party. ZRSS was affiliated to the Socialist Workers' Sport International.

</doc>
<doc id="19495255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495255" title="Stamford International University (Thailand)">
Stamford International University (Thailand)

Stamford International University Thailand (STIU, Thai: มหาวิทยาลัยนานาชาติแสตมฟอร์ด) is an international university with several campuses in ASEAN including Thailand.
Historical background.
Stamford College was established in Singapore and Malaysia in 1950. Subsequently a campus under the name of Stamford International College was opened in Thailand in 1995 as a joint venture with Fareast Stamford International Co. Ltd. 
While the institution was started with an English-based international curriculum, parallel courses in Thai language were introduced along the way. Credits can be transferred worldwide to (and from) colleges and universities at the undergraduate and postgraduate levels.
The University established an academic collaboration agreement with Schiller International University of the United States in 2000 and was renamed to Schiller-Stamford International College (2 August 2000) that year. Students at Stamford (Hua Hin), have an opportunity to study in any of the 8 campuses of Schiller in Europe and the United States, through programs offered under the students exchange agreement between the two Universities.
STIU underwent several changes in its name in the process of evolving to a full-blown University - a status which was granted by the Ministry of University Affairs on 14 February 2003, resulting in a renaming to Schiller-Stamford International University. STIU finally achieved autonomy on 26 May 2004 and was re-branded as Stamford International University.
On 29 September 2008, STIU underwent an exhaustive re-branding - including the logo, the symbol, official colours, motto etc.
The Laureate partnership.
Since late 2011, Stamford became a partner of Laureate International Universities, the largest academic organization with a network of 60 universities in 29 countries serving more than 675,000 students around the world. Students have access to the best global learning resources, numerous study abroad & dual degree opportunities and can interact with thousands of fellow Laureate students and alumni with common goals and dreams.
Fast-track courses.
With a modern 3 semester program structure, Stamford’s students can earn a Bachelor’s Degree in 3 years and Master’s Degree in 1 year or 18 months.
Laureate English Program.
The Laureate English Program (LEP) co-developed by three leaders in the field of English Language teaching: Cambridge University Press, University of Cambridge ESOL Examinations, and the Bell Education Trust, has been created to equip graduates with the pre-requisite language skills.
Main Campus (Hua Hin).
The Stamford Thailand main campus is located in Cha Am – Hua Hin area, 168 kilometers southwest of Bangkok in a landscape of more than 100 rais overlooking the Green Mountains and the Gulf of Thailand. It is located as part of the Palm Hills Golf Resort includes an 18-hole championship golf course, clubhouse and large country club with a variety of indoor and outdoor sports.
Since 2008, only Thai language based courses are being taught here.
Rama IX Campus (Bangkok).
Stamford International University opened a second campus in Bangkok on 27 November 2008 for International Programmes (taught in English). This campus is conveniently located close to the airport link road. Prior to the launch of this city campus, Stamford used to hold classes for Master's Degree courses at a study center in central Bangkok (Jasmine City, Sukhumvit Road).
Accreditation.
Stamford International University and its programmes, curricula and degrees are fully accredited by the Ministry of Education (MoE) and the Ministry of University Affairs (MUA) of Thailand. It is listed in the MUA's List of Recognized Private Universities in Thailand.
See also.
NOTE: Stamford International University is an autonomous and independent university in Thailand and is not related or affiliated to any of the institutes listed here.

</doc>
<doc id="19495257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495257" title="Francisco Páez de la Cadena">
Francisco Páez de la Cadena

Francisco Páez de la Cadena (Madrid, 1951) is a Spanish garden historian. He holds a degree in Philosophy and is also an Agricultural Engineer specialized in landscape architecture. He has written several books on gardens and gardening, like "Historia de los estilos en jardinería" (Istmo, 1982) ("A history of the gardening styles"), which has become a reference textbook in Spanish for the history of gardens. He's recently published a history of Spanish gardens, "Jardines, la belleza cautiva" (2008) with photographs by photographer and designer Eduardo Mencos. He is active as a landscape senior lecturer at the University of La Rioja.
He also writes fiction ("La derrota más hermosa", Debate, 1985, was awarded the Short Novel Sésamo Prize for 1985), and poetry: "Cabos sueltos", Cuadernos de la Granada, 2007). He has translated into Spanish more than sixty books, among them works by V. S. Naipaul (Nobel Prize for Literature 2001), Anthony Burgess, Dashiell Hammett and Raymond Chandler, and the "landscape" poems by Cesare Pavese lately.

</doc>
<doc id="19495267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19495267" title="Baden IV e">
Baden IV e

The locomotives of Baden Class IV e were designed and built for the Grand Duchy of Baden State Railway in the late 19th century by the Elsässischen Maschinenbau-Gesellschaft Grafenstaden, who supplied the first eight examples in 1894. They were the first locomotives in Germany with a 4-6-0 wheel arrangement. Another 75 locomotives were built up to 1901 by the Maschinenbau-Gesellschaft Karlsruhe.
History.
The Baden IV e engines were created primarily for express and passenger train duties on the steep lines of the Schwarzwaldbahn. This had become necessary, because the locomotives that had been employed hitherto, the IV b, IV c tender locomotives and the IV d tank engines, were unable to meet the growing demands placed on them.
In 1914 all the engines were still on the books of the Baden state railway. However they were replaced in the express service role as early as 1903 by the II d and IV f. In 1925, the Deutsche Reichsbahn incorporated the remaining 35 examples into DRG Class 38.70; they were given – in groupings based on their delivery batches – the running numbers 38 7001 – 38 7007, 38 7021 – 38 7025, 38 7031 – 38 7034, 38 7041 – 38 7046 and 38 7061 – 38 7073. The engines were all withdrawn from service by 1932.
Fifteen locomotives were surrendered as reparations:
Number 38 7001 was sectioned in September 1936 and is displayed today in the University of Karlsruhe (TH).
Design features.
In spite of the shortcomings in ride of the Grafenstaden outside-frame bogies, the locomotive had smooth riding qualities. The engine had a riveted interior sheet-metal frame and the coupled wheels had springs under the axle boxes, that were not linked by compensating levers.
An innovative feature, for Germany, of the IV e was the use of a four-cylinder, de Glehn compound, that was employed for the first time on a locomotive with three coupled axles. The Alsace engineering company had previously built four-coupled locomotives with De-Glehn engines – especially for the "Chemins de Fer du Nord". Very similar engines to the Baden IV e were soon delivered to Prussia (as the Prussian P 7), to the Imperial Railways in Alsace-Lorraine (as the P 7 and S 9), and to most French railways, as well as to Belgium, Spain and Portugal.
The high-pressure cylinder was outside and drove the middle coupled wheels, whilst the inside low-pressure cylinders drove the leading coupled axle. These two cylinders were slightly angled.
The compound engine was chosen to strike a balance between the high tractive effort required when hauling uphill which would be provided by smaller diameter wheels and the lower axle forces when running downhill that favoured larger wheel diameters. The low and high pressure engines could be controlled separately. This made it easier to start up. On trial runs on routes with an incline of 17.6‰ (1 in 56.8) a power of was measured for a speed of . The highest value was between . With a 250 tonne train, it could reach a speed of on the level and on an incline of 10‰ (1 in 100).
The locomotives were equipped with tenders of the Baden classes 3 T 13,5, bad 3 T 14 and bad 2′2′ T 15.

</doc>
