<doc id="19489002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489002" title="Vernon Wesley Ruttan">
Vernon Wesley Ruttan

Vernon Wesley Ruttan (1924–2008) was a well-known development economist at the University of Minnesota, where he was Regents Professor Emeritus in the Departments of Economics and Applied Economics. Ruttan's research focused on agricultural development, induced innovation, technical change and productivity growth, institutions, and development assistance policy. His book with Yujiro Hayami, "Agricultural Development: An International Perspective" was considered a classic in the field and was translated into four other languages.
Education and early career.
Ruttan received a B.A. at Yale University in 1948,
an M.A. at the University of Chicago in 1950, and a Ph.D. at the University of Chicago in 1952.
At the University of Chicago, Ruttan studied with Theodore Schultz, who won the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economics in 1979.
Ruttan held positions earlier in his career at the Tennessee Valley Authority, Purdue University, the President's Council of Economic Advisors, the Rockefeller Foundation at the International Rice Research Institute in The Philippines, and President of the Agricultural Development Council.
Induced Innovation and Agricultural Development.
In the book, "Agricultural Development: An International Perspective," Ruttan and Hayami outline their hypothesis as follows:
"The innovation model attempts to make more explicit the process by which technical and instititutional changes are induced through the responses of farmers, agribusiness entrepreneurs, scientists, and public administrators to resource endowments and to changes in the supply and demand of factors and products. The state of relative endowments and accumulation of the two primary resources, land and labor, is a critical element in determining a viable patterns of technical change in agriculture. Agriculture is characterized by much stronger constraints of land on production than most other sectors of the economy. Agricultural growth may be viewed as a process of easing the constraints on production imposed by inelastic supplies of land and labor. Depending on the relative scarcity of land and labor, technical change embodied in new and more productive inputs may be induced primarily either (a) to save labor or (b) to save land." (Hayami and Ruttan, 2nd ed., p. 4).
The Role of Government Investment in the Development of General Purpose Technologies.
In his book, "Is War Necessary for Economic Growth?," available in short form through the lecture of the of the same title Professor Ruttan argues that large scale and long term government investment is necessary for the development of general purpose technologies and economic growth. He analyzed the development of six different technology complexes and concluded that government investments have been important in speeding up the development of all of these, and that nuclear power would, most probably, not have been developed at all in the absence of large government investments in development. 
The six technologies that were analyzed by Ruttan are:
Honors.
Ruttan was a Fellow of the American Agricultural Economics Association, American Association for the Advancement of Science, and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. He was elected as a member in the National Academy of Sciences in 1990.
Ruttan also received honorary degrees from Rutgers University, Purdue University, and Christian Albrechts University of Kiel. Ruttan received the U.S. Department of Agriculture Distinguished Service Award and the Alexander von Humboldt Award for outstanding contributions to agriculture.
On June 18, 2010 the University of Minnesota renamed Classroom Office Building on the St. Paul campus to Ruttan Hall
Selected Journal Articles.
The following articles by Ruttan and his colleagues were the most frequently cited in his career, according to Google Scholar.

</doc>
<doc id="19489012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489012" title="Dry Falls Dam">
Dry Falls Dam

Dry Falls Dam is a rockfaced earthfill-type dam in the U.S. state of Washington. Located in Grant County near Coulee City, it was built as part of the Bureau of Reclamation's Columbia Basin Project. Water from the Columbia River, impounded by Grand Coulee Dam, is pumped into Grand Coulee, a formerly dry canyon, via the short Feeder Canal. Grand Coulee's north end is sealed by North Dam and Dry Falls Dam stretches across the midsection of the Coulee. This allows the water pumped from the Columbia River to fill the upper Grand Coulee, creating a large equalizing reservoir known as Banks Lake. Water from the reservoir is fed into the irrigation project's Main Canal, which runs south from Dry Falls Dam to another reservoir called Billy Clapp Lake, formed by Pinto Dam.

</doc>
<doc id="19489040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489040" title="Joe Platak">
Joe Platak

Joseph Platak (born ca. 1909) was a leading handball player in the 1930s and 1940s. He was inducted into the United States Handball Association's Hall of Fame in 1954, the first year in which players were selected. 
Platak was a four-wall player who dominated the sport in the 1930s, winning nine national singles championships in the period 1935-1945. In those tournaments, he beat every opponent in just two games. He was also on two doubles championships. 
Platak, the son of a Lithuanian immigrant, grew up in Chicago, a hotbed of handball, and started to attend Loyola University but soon left school to support his parents. During the early part of his voluntary Naval service, he was not allowed to travel to defend his national title. He played for Chicago's Lake Shore Athletic Club. Not until Naty Alvarado did any other player win as many four-wall titles in national open singles play.
In 1948 he placed third in Sullivan Award voting.

</doc>
<doc id="19489049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489049" title="Della Della Cha-Cha-Cha">
Della Della Cha-Cha-Cha

Della, Della, Cha-Cha-Cha is an album by singer and actress Della Reese. It's an album of standards, performed with a cha-cha-cha rhythm and beat. The album was recorded in New York City in 1960, and it was conducted by O.B. Masingill.

</doc>
<doc id="19489053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489053" title="Aladár Kovácsi">
Aladár Kovácsi

Aladár Kovácsi (11 December 1932 – 8 April 2010) was a Hungarian modern pentathlete and Olympic champion.
Olympics.
Kovácsi won a gold medal in the modern pentathlon at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki with the Hungarian team.

</doc>
<doc id="19489076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489076" title="István Szondy">
István Szondy

István Szondy (born 29 December 1925) is a Hungarian modern pentathlete, horse rider and Olympic champion who competed at the 1948, 1952 and the 1956 Summer Olympics.
Olympics.
Szondy received a gold medal in the team modern pentathlon event at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki and a bronze in the individual event.

</doc>
<doc id="19489077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489077" title="Razón de Sobra">
Razón de Sobra

Razón de Sobra (Eng.: "With a Lot of Reason") is the sixth studio album released by Marco Antonio Solís on November 2, 2004. This album became his fifth number-one set on the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums. The album was released in a standard CD presentation and in a CD/DVD combo, including the music video for the single "Mi Mayor Sacrificio" and bonus materials. The album earned a Latin Grammy Award nomination for Best Male Pop Vocal Album.
Tracklisting.
The information from Billboard

</doc>
<doc id="19489079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489079" title="Citizens National Bank">
Citizens National Bank

Citizens National Bank can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19489090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489090" title="Mehndi Tere Naam Ki">
Mehndi Tere Naam Ki

Mehndi Tere Naam Ki was a Hindi television drama series that aired on Zee TV channel. The show was produced by popular Bollywood actress Aruna Irani. Because of its popularity among audiences, the show was nominated for numerous award categories by the Indian Telly Awards (2002): Anand Raj Anand was nominated for the TV Music Director of The Year award and Asif Shaikh was nominated for the TV Actor in a Negative Role award for his character Raj.
Plot.
As the title name of the series suggests, the story highlights the typical Indian dilemmas regarding matrimony. The story revolves around the life of Jayant Malik and Sharda Malik who are having major difficulties finding the best matches for their four unmarried daughters. The strange thing is that although Mrs. Malik is a matchmaker and has arranged countless matches, she is unable to find the best suited boys for her own daughters. The family goes through many trials and tribulation until all of the girls settle down.

</doc>
<doc id="19489099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489099" title="Citizens National Bank (Springville, New York)">
Citizens National Bank (Springville, New York)

Citizens National Bank is a moderne-style building in Springville, New York. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="19489108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489108" title="Vuelvo (song)">
Vuelvo (song)

"Vuelvo" is a pop rock and alternative rock song recorded by Beto Cuevas, Chilean singer and ex member of the internationally successful and Grammy-winning band La Ley and first single from his first solo studio album, "Miedo Escenico".
Song information.
The first single from him debut solo album was released as radio airplay in Chile in 11 August 2008 and later Mexico, finally was released in radio airplay, digital download and CD Single on September 2008. The song was written during 2007 by himself in Los Angeles, California. It was co-produced with Steve Tushar and Aureo Baquerio.
Music video.
This music video for the single "Vuelvo" was filmed in Los Angeles, California, United States in August 2008, and was directed by Cuevas. The music videos shows Beto Cuevas walking through streets and playing his guitar and singing, while wearing colored shirts and being followed by a girl. The music video premiered in MTV Latin America on 12 September 2008 and peaked at number 2 in Los 10+ Pedidos Argentina, peaking at number 8 in Los 10+ Pedidos Chile. On 30 September 2008 the music videos were made available on the iTunes Store United States.
Chart performance.
"Vuelvo" was the first single off the new album. The single is now #30 in the American"Billboard" Latin Pop Airplay charts.

</doc>
<doc id="19489120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489120" title="William Amcotts-Ingilby">
William Amcotts-Ingilby

Sir William Amcotts-Ingilby, 2nd Baronet (June 1783 – 14 May 1854) was a British politician.
The son of Sir John Ingilby, 1st Baronet and his wife Elizabeth Amcotts, he entered the House of Commons as Member of Parliament (MP) for East Retford in 1807. In the same year, he succeeded his maternal grandfather, Sir Wharton Amcotts, 1st Baronet, in his baronetcy by special remainder.
Ingilby left Parliament in 1812, and succeeded his father as baronet in 1815, inheriting Ripley Castle. He served as High Sheriff of Yorkshire in 1821, and assumed the surname of Amcotts-Ingilby in 1822. He returned to Parliament at an 1823 by-election, as MP for Lincolnshire. He held that seat until the abolition of the constituency in 1832, and he then sat for North Lincolnshire until defeated in the 1835 election.
Amcotts-Ingilby, a very eccentric character, was twice married, but left no children; his baronetcies became extinct upon his death on 14 May 1854, at 23 Abingdon St, Westminster. His estates were left by devise to his first cousin, Henry John Ingilby. His sister, Augusta Amcotts-Ingilby, was the mother of Weston Cracroft Amcotts.

</doc>
<doc id="19489129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489129" title="Daniel Giménez Cacho">
Daniel Giménez Cacho

Daniel Giménez Cacho (born May 15, 1961 in Madrid, Spain) is a Spanish-born Ariel award winner Mexican actor who has starred in several Mexican films such as Solo con tu pareja, Cronos, Midaq Alley and Arráncame la Vida, among others as well as in Spanish Films (La Mala Educación) and TV shows.
He is known for having worked with some of the most important hispanic filmmakers like Guillermo Del Toro, Alfonso Cuarón, Jorge Fons and Pedro Almodóvar.
Giménez Cacho also appeared in La Hora Marcada, a TV show written and directed by Alfonso Cuarón and Guillermo Del Toro and in the Mexican telenovela "Teresa". His voice is heard throughout Y tu mamá también as the narrator. In 2009 appear in the Mexican remake of the Argentina TV series Locas de Amor.

</doc>
<doc id="19489136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489136" title="Citizens National Bank (Evansville, Indiana)">
Citizens National Bank (Evansville, Indiana)

Citizens National Bank, since known as the "Hilliard-Lyons Building" and "Kunkel Square", is a building noted for its stone and terracotta facade, located at Fourth and Main Street in downtown Evansville, Indiana. The building is ten stories tall and was the region's first skyscraper. The architect was William Lee Stoddart. It officially opened on Washington's birthday in 1916 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
In 2011 the building was converted to 46 luxury apartments.

</doc>
<doc id="19489147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489147" title="821st Strategic Aerospace Division">
821st Strategic Aerospace Division

The 821st Strategic Aerospace Division (821st SAD) is an inactive United States Air Force organization. Its last assignment was with Strategic Air Command, assigned to Fifteenth Air Force, being stationed at Ellsworth AFB, South Dakota. It was inactivated on 30 June 1971.
Activated in 1958 as an intermediate command echelon of Strategic Air Command, providing command and control, manning, training, and equipping of B-52 Stratofortress Strategic Wings in the Upper Midwest United States for long range bombardment missions using either nuclear or conventional weapons. It also developed and maintained the capability for effective air refueling operations. Redesignated as a Strategic Aerospace Division in 1962 when Strategic Wings were inactivated and the command assumed control over Titan I Wings for strategic aerospace warfare using intercontinental ballistic missiles.
Between 1966 and 1970, the division's subordinate units loaned B-52 and KC-135 aircraft and crews to Strategic Air Command organizations in Southeast Asia in support of Arc Light combat missions. The 821st conducted numerous staff assistance visits, and participated in tactical exercises such as Operation Chrome Dome and Buckskin Rider.
Inactivated in 1971 as part of SAC's withdrawal from Southeast Asia and also as a result of budgetary reductions.
History.
Components.
Wings

</doc>
<doc id="19489175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489175" title="County of Dundas, Victoria">
County of Dundas, Victoria

The County of Dundas is one of the 37 counties of Victoria which are part of the cadastral divisions of Australia, used for land titles. The county is in the Western District of Victoria bounded by the Glenelg River in the west and north, by a line from Casterton to Penshurst in the south, and by the eastern edge of the Grampians in the east. Larger towns include Hamilton, Casterton and Coleraine. The county was proclaimed in 1849.
Parishes.
Parishes within the county:

</doc>
<doc id="19489189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489189" title="Mount Heha">
Mount Heha

Mount Heha is the highest mountain in Burundi and the highest point in the Burundi Highlands mountain range. It is located in the Bujumbura Rural province of Burundi and it lies approximately 20 km to the east of Lake Tanganyika and about 30 km to the southeast of Bujumbura, the capital of Burundi.

</doc>
<doc id="19489191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489191" title="Viața Românească">
Viața Românească

Viaţa Românească, originally Viaţa Romînească (Romanian for "The Romanian Life"), is a monthly literary magazine published in Romania. Formerly the platform of the left-wing traditionalist trend known as Poporanism, it is at present one of the Writers' Union main venues.
The magazine, dedicated to literary and scientific issues, was published from March 1906 to August 1916 and from September 1920 to September 1940, first in Iaşi and then, after 1930, in Bucharest. The magazine was under the leadership of Constantin Stere (in charge of political content), Paul Bujor and, later, Ioan Cantacuzino (for scientific matters), Garabet Ibrăileanu (until 1933), Mihai Ralea and George Călinescu (for literary matters). 
Suppressed by the fascist National Legionary State in 1940, "Viaţa Românească" resumed publishing, first in a transitional form, from November 1944 to July 1946, when it was edited by Ralea. Finally, the present magazine was published, starting July 1948, as a monthly magazine of the Romanian Writers' Society, and from March 1949, of the Writers' Union of Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="19489202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489202" title="Gibson, Western Australia">
Gibson, Western Australia

Gibson is a small town in southeastern Western Australia, about north of Esperance. At the 2006 census, Gibson had a population of 475.
History.
The population of the area was 16 (7 males and 9 females) in 1898.
Gibson was originally proposed in about 1910 as a siding on the Esperance Branch Railway due to a reliable water source in the area, named by surveyor A. W. Canning after a man who discovered the soak whilst searching for stock.. The railway itself was not completed until 1925, but the townsite was gazetted on 19 October 1921.
Transport.
It is served by a station on the Westnet railway network, and is also the site of the Esperance Airport. In 2009, a long crossing called by this name but located slightly away from the town was built.

</doc>
<doc id="19489208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489208" title="Smooth Island (Tasmania)">
Smooth Island (Tasmania)

Smooth Island is a privately owned island, with an area of 59 ha, in south-eastern Australia. It is part of the Sloping Island Group, lying close to the south-eastern coast of Tasmania around the Tasman and Forestier Peninsulas.
Flora and fauna.
The islands natural vegetation has been largely destroyed it is mainly a grass paddock with thistles, bracken, scattered boxthorn bushes and eucalypts.
Recorded breeding seabird species are Little Penguin and Short-tailed Shearwater.
One of the features of this island is that there are no introduced vermin such as rabbits, snakes or foxes.
The removal of domestic animals will allow the remnant eucalypt to seed from the south.

</doc>
<doc id="19489260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489260" title="Perry Barr Stadium">
Perry Barr Stadium

Perry Barr Stadium (also known as Perry Barr Greyhound Stadium and previously as Alexander Sports Ground(s)) is a stadium and racetrack on Aldridge Road in Perry Barr, Birmingham, England.
Opened in 1929, it was built for Birchfield Harriers, who left in 1977. It is now used for greyhound racing and speedway.
The stadium is opposite the main Birmingham City University campus and close to (and served by) Perry Barr railway station.
Birchfield Harriers.
The stadium was originally constructed for an athletics club, Birchfield Harriers who held its opening ceremony on 27 July 1929, having purchased the land on 11 November 1926. The façade still carries their badge, a running stag, rendered in Art Deco style bas relief, carved in 1929 and attributed to William Bloye. The site was formerly a rubbish tip, chiefly for fly ash from a local power station.
Birchfield Cycling Club used the venue for cycle races, and, from the mid-1930s, the cycle track outside the running lanes was used by the Sunbac Speedway Club for dirt-track racing (speedway). In the 1930s and 40s, Aston Villa Football Club's second and third teams trained at the stadium. 
Soon after the start of World War II, the stadium was requisitioned by the government and used by the Home Guard. Later in the war it was used to accommodate Italian prisoners of war; the last of these did not leave until January 1946 and the club only returned to the stadium the following month. Shortly afterwards, the club hired out the stadium on Saturday evenings, to Birmingham Speedway. Floodlighting was installed to facilitate the latter, and this allowed for the first floodlit athletics meeting ever held in the United Kingdom, in September 1948, after the lights had been turned on near the end of an earlier meeting, which had overrun into dusk. Floodlit horse jumping competitions were also held. 
On 29 May 1954 Diane Leather became the first woman to run a mile in less than 5 minutes, during the Midlands Women's AAA Championships at the ground.
In 1977, their centenary year, Birchfield Harriers moved to the newly built Alexander Stadium, nearby. Perry Barr Stadium, as it was then renamed. 
Greyhound Racing & Speedway.
The stadium is now used for greyhound racing on Friday and Saturday night. The site was first used for Greyhound Racing in 1990, six years after the closure of the old Perry Barr stadium known as the Birchfield Ladbroke Stadium, which was demolished in 1984.
A major race called the Birmingham Cup was held at Perry Barr until 2009 and it also hosted the original classic race the Scurry Gold Cup from 2005-2008.
The stadium is also the home of the Birmingham Brummies speedway team.

</doc>
<doc id="19489294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489294" title="List of Houston Astros Opening Day starting pitchers">
List of Houston Astros Opening Day starting pitchers

The Houston Astros are a Major League Baseball (MLB) franchise based in Houston, Texas. They currently play in the American League West division. The first game of the new baseball season for a team is played on Opening Day, and being named the Opening Day starter is an honor, which is often given to the player who is expected to lead the pitching staff that season, though there are various strategic reasons why a team's best pitcher might not start on Opening Day. The Houston Astros have used 21 different Opening Day starting pitchers in their 49 seasons. The 20 starters have a combined Opening Day record of 20 wins, 21 losses and 9 no decisions. No decisions are only awarded to the starting pitcher if the game is won or lost after the starting pitcher has left the game.
The Astros began to play in 1962 as the Houston Colt .45s (their name was changed to the Astros in 1965 when the Houston Astrodome opened as their home ball park). Bobby Shantz started their first Opening Day game on April 10, 1962 against the Chicago Cubs at Houston's Colt Stadium and was credited with the win. In their first eight seasons, the Colt .45s / Astros used eight different Opening Day starters. In 1970, that streak ended when Larry Dierker made his second Opening Day start.
Roy Oswalt has made the most Opening Day starts for the Astros, with eight such starts from 2003 through 2010. Three different pitchers have each made five Opening Day starts for the Astros: J. R. Richard (1976–1980), Mike Scott (1987–1991) and Shane Reynolds (1996–2000). Dierker made four Opening Day starts for the Astros, and Joe Niekro and Hall of Famer Nolan Ryan made three apiece. Dierker has the best record in Opening Day starts with four wins and no losses. Niekro and Don Wilson share the worst record in Opening Day starts with no wins and two losses each. Niekro also had one no decision.
The Astros have played in three home ball parks. Their first home ball park was Colt Stadium. Their starting pitchers had one win and one loss in their two Opening Day games at Colt Stadium. They played 25 Opening Day games in the Astrodome after moving there in 1965, and their starting pitchers had a record of 12 wins, 8 losses and 5 no decisions in those games. They moved to Enron Field (subsequently renamed Astros Field and Minute Maid Park) in 2000. Through 2010, they have played nine Opening Day games there, and their starting pitchers have a record of three wins, four losses and two no decisions in those games. This makes the record of the Astros' Opening Day starting pitchers in home games 16 wins, 13 losses and 7 no decisions. Their record in Opening Day away games is four wins, eight losses and two no decisions. The Astros have advanced to the World Series once, in 2005. Oswalt lost to the St. Louis Cardinals as the Opening Day starter that season.

</doc>
<doc id="19489302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489302" title="Index of Mexico-related articles">
Index of Mexico-related articles

The following is an alphabetical list of topics related to the United Mexican States.

</doc>
<doc id="19489327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489327" title="Peder Møller">
Peder Møller

Peder Møller may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19489333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489333" title="Riverside Park (Buffalo, New York)">
Riverside Park (Buffalo, New York)

Riverside Park is a historic park located in Buffalo in Erie County, New York. See Riverside Park (stadium) for the defunct baseball field. Located in northwest Buffalo, it is an individual park designed by the Olmsted Architectural Firm in 1898 after Frederick Law Olmsted's retirement. It is on a site on a bluff overlooking the Niagara River. Riverside Park was designed for active recreation and periodic alterations have occurred as the community's recreation needs have changed. Despite the changes, the park retains numerous original design elements and remains as the final element completed as a part of the Olmsted plan for Buffalo's park system.
The park was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
See also.
Some attractions include a playground, picnic areas, two public pools, tennis court, and a basketball court. The lighthouse facing Tonawanda street was recently relit after years of inoperation. The Bud Bakewell Arena, located on the Niagara Street side of the park directly facing the river, is an ice rink and lacrosse field, as well as home to youth hockey, Hasek's Heroes, and other sports affiliations. The Park is also home to several baseball diamonds maintained by the River Rock Baseball League, a youth baseball and softball organization, and a fully renovated football field, home to the Black Rock Riverside Little League Football and Cheerleading organization. A winding road, Hotaling Drive, bisects the park at the edge of the football field. Riverside Parks hosts the annual Friendship Festival along this road during the Independence Day holiday in conjunction with Fort Erie, Canada. In addition, the park hosts a seasonal farmer's market and other community events. In July 2011, the park received additional grant funding for future development.

</doc>
<doc id="19489339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489339" title="Melanie at Carnegie Hall">
Melanie at Carnegie Hall

Melanie at Carnegie Hall is a 1973 double album released by Melanie and the second concert record after the release of "Leftover Wine" in 1970. The album contains material from Melanie's Carnegie Hall concerts of February 2nd and 3rd in 1973.
It is the only Melanie album to contain her Top 40 hit "Bitter Bad" (which was a single-only release).
The album is available for download at iTunes and Melanie's website.
Track listing.
All songs written by Melanie Safka except where noted.
Disc 1:
Disc 2:

</doc>
<doc id="19489340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489340" title="Pangaea Expedition">
Pangaea Expedition

The Pangaea Expedition is a worldwide voyage led by Mike Horn. Mike Horn will also be joined, at various points in his journey, by twelve young adults between the ages of 13 and 20. The young adults will be native to every continent, excluding Antarctica. It is an economic study scheduled to run from 2008 to 2011. It is believed that when accomplished, the world will better understand the climate crisis.
Means of transportation.
This trip will mainly be completed by yacht. The yacht is a long vessel that sleeps thirty. Other than that, Horn, and his fellow voyagers, will use other such means, such as walking, kayaking, cycling, paragliding, skiing, sailing, and will also use "animal power" such as canines, elephants, and camels- to cross all sorts of terrain: Oceans, rivers and lakes, mountains, desert, jungle, tundra and ice fields.
Location.
The voyage started from the Punta Arenas and went due south towards the South Pole to study the glaciers, to Australia, Asia, Russia, and due west towards Iceland and Greenland, the North Pole and back to the Punta Arenas. In these areas, research will be conducted depending on the environment. For example, the "poles" and the Punta Arenas are areas where study is based on glaciers and their conditions, and in the Himalayas near Bhutan, altitude research will be conducted.

</doc>
<doc id="19489360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489360" title="Steve Garvey (musician)">
Steve Garvey (musician)

Stephen Garvey (born 8 January 1958) is a musician who is known for being the bass guitarist of the punk band Buzzcocks, forming part of the classic line-up of the group, from 1977 to 1981, and, again, from 1989 to 1992.
Biography.
Original Buzzcocks years.
Garvey was born in Manchester, England. After working in a petrol station, he joined Buzzcocks as bass guitarist in late 1977, replacing erstwhile bassist Garth Smith shortly after the release of the "Orgasm Addict" single. He was with Buzzcocks for their first three albums: "Another Music In A Different Kitchen", "Love Bites" and "A Different Kind of Tension", and his work features on the majority of the compilation "Singles Going Steady". The group disbanded in 1981.
Other bands and collaborations.
From 1978 to 1980, in parallel with Buzzcocks, he was a member of The Teardrops, which was mostly his school band, along with The Fall's Karl Burns, Martin Bramah and Tony Friel, who released two EPs in 1978, "In And Out Of Fashion" and "Leave Me No Choice", and a 7" single in 1979, "Seeing Double", as well as an album called "Final Vinyl" in 1980. Shortly after the release of the album, it seems the band changed their name to Bok Bok, and consisted of Garvey, Burns and a singer and guitarist called Dave Price. They then released a 7" single, "Come Back To Me" backed with "Misfit", which made single of the week in the Record Mirror.
After Buzzcocks split up in 1981, he continued working with his ex-Buzzcocks bandmates; with lead vocalist and guitarist Pete Shelley on his "Homosapien" album; and with guitarist Steve Diggle, on the "50 Years Of Comparative Wealth" EP (1981).
By 1981, he formed a band called Motivation, along Dave Price (vocals), Dave Rowbotham (guitar) (previously in The Durutti Column, and then in The Mothmen) and Snuff (drums) (Later in Distant Cousins). This band was forced to change their name to Shy Talk and was signed to Columbia records in the U.S. releasing one album, but by this time Garvey was no longer involved,"they turned us into a Duran Duran clone, I rejected what it became" he was quoted as saying, although he is thanked in the album credits.
During his last years living in England, he joined post-punk band Blue Orchids, playing bass while they were playing alongside Velvet Underground's Nico.
He produced power pop band Private Sector's "Just Wanna Stay Free" single, in 1979, and some works of Night Visitors at Graveyard Studios, in Prestwich.
Buzzcocks reunion (1989–1992).
Buzzcocks reunited in 1989. However, Garvey left the band in 1992 due to health problems, one of them being a cancerous tumor on his cheek, but he survived that disease.
Post-Buzzcocks years (1992–present).
Since around 1993, when he left Buzzcocks, he has lived in New Hope, Bucks County, Pennsylvania. Previously, he was living in an apartment in Greenwich Village, Manhattan, New York.
In the 2000s, he founded a label/production company called "New Hope Sound and Vision" and has produced several local acts notably James Seward, Damn River, Inbred, Behn Wolfe, Less Pain Forever, Pete Chambers, as well as videos with his son Kyle.
In 2008, he was panellist of the Howl Festival Punk Panel, at Bowery Poetry Club, during the Howl Fest, in East Village, New York. Other panellists included Richard Lloyd (Television), Ari Up (Slits), Cynthia Sley (Bush Tetras), Judy Nylon (Snatch), Walter Lure (The Heartbreakers) and Arturo Vega ( designer of the Ramones logo).
In 2012 he played with Buzzcocks at their "Back To Front" tour in Manchester 02 Academy on 25th May and London's O2 Academy Brixton the following day. These gigs consisted of three different line-ups of Buzzcocks.
His cousin is Tony McGuinness, the former bass player of Irish band Aslan.
He is married to Debra, with whom he has two sons, Kyle (born c. 1990) and Ian (born c. 1987).

</doc>
<doc id="19489387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489387" title="Maglić (mountain)">
Maglić (mountain)

Maglić () is the highest peak at an elevation of in the hill ranges of Plješevica, Grmeč, Cincar and Raduša in the country of Montenegro, Žabljak municipality. Maglić borders Bosnia and Montenegro. It is oriented in a northwest-southeast direction.
Maglić is the highest mountain in Bosnia Herzegovina. It lies within the Sutjeska National Park, which was established in 1962. The park is drained by the Sutjeska River, the watershed of the river is partly formed by the canyon parts of Maglic mountain; with Vučevo () and Zelengora () also forming part of the watershed boundary.
Geography.
Foča city near the border with Montenegro is away from the Maglic massif and the nearest town is Mratinje.Karst lime stone formations in the region of limestone plateau are the general geological setting in the south and southwest region.
Maglić massif consists of two peaks namely, the Veliki Maglić () on the Bosnia and Herzegovina side and the Crnogorski Maglić () on the Montenegrin side, which is higher. The Montenegrin part of Maglić massif has formed the Trnovačko Jezero (Trnovačko Lake), said to be "one of the most beautiful of Montenegro." This lake is a glacier lake at an elevation of , is long and wide set amidst a "huge amphitheater of rocky peaks". The lake is drained from the Maglic, the Volujak and the Bioc hill ranges. The north side of the lake which is open has the wooded Vratnice. The lake water has green-blue colour. The headwaters of Sutjeska River are in the canyon parts of Maglic Mountain. The mountain is bounded by the Sutjeska River on the north and west, by the Volujak mountain on the southwest, by the Drina River and Piva River on the east and by the Mratinjska Uvala valley on the south. It presents a challenging climb.
The rich forests on the mountainside consist of the Perućica forest, a protected reserve within the Sutjeska National Park, which is the oldest and one of the two last remaining primeval forests in Europe. The northwestern slope has thick coniferous and beech trees up to elevation , while in the other directions the hill slopes are very steep, barren and rocky. Pastures are found at elevations above in the plateaus. The mountain peak is accessible through the park and is visited by mountaineers and nature lovers. Most of the routes to the peak require two days of hiking. Mountaineering access to the summit of the Maglić massif is only from the southern side, which has rich vegetation of grass and mountain pine. From the top of the peak, are scenic vistas of Volujak, Bioc, Trnovacko Lake, Durmitor (in Montenegro), apart from the Bosnian mountains in the north and northwestern direction which can be seen.

</doc>
<doc id="19489391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489391" title="County of Normanby">
County of Normanby

The County of Normanby is one of the 37 counties of Victoria which are part of the cadastral divisions of Australia, used for land titles. The county is in the Western District of Victoria bounded by the Glenelg River in the west and the Eumeralla River in the east, by a line through Casterton and Hamilton in the north, and by Bass Strait (Portland Bay) to the south. Larger towns include Hamilton, Portland and Heywood. The county was proclaimed in 1853.
Parishes.
Parishes within the county:

</doc>
<doc id="19489392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489392" title="Holophagus">
Holophagus

Holophagus is an extinct genus of lobe-finned fish. It lived through the Jurassic period.

</doc>
<doc id="19489403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489403" title="Charlotte Anne">
Charlotte Anne

"Charlotte Anne" is a song by English singer Julian Cope released as the first single from his album "My Nation Underground" in 1988. The song was Cope's only chart-topping single on any U.S. chart, reaching number one on the Modern Rock Tracks chart in the United States for one week in early 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="19489410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489410" title="Buffalo, Rochester and Pittsburgh Railroad Station">
Buffalo, Rochester and Pittsburgh Railroad Station

Buffalo, Rochester and Pittsburgh Railroad Station may mean:

</doc>
<doc id="19489419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489419" title="Criticism of eBay">
Criticism of eBay

eBay has experienced controversy, including cases of fraud, its policy requiring sellers to use PayPal, and concerns over forgeries and intellectual property violations in auction items.
Fraud.
eBay Customer Support claims that its data show that fewer than .01% of all transactions result in a confirmed case of fraud. One mechanism eBay claims combats fraud is its feedback system. When a user feels that a seller or buyer has been dishonest, a dispute can be filed with eBay. An eBay Seller may be suspended if there are too many complaints made against them. eBay does not allow sellers to give negative feedback to buyers.
Until June 2008, eBay allowed Mystery Box and Mystery Envelope auctions; however, these are almost all fraudulent auctions because the seller can manipulate the box contents to make sure it is never a good deal for the buyer. Mystery Envelope auctions offer cash prizes of an undisclosed amount to auction winners. The auction winner usually receives from 10% to 30% of the money he paid for the auction back in 'winnings'.
Scammers like to target new members to take advantage of their unfamiliarity with how eBay or PayPal works. New members can be easily tricked into thinking there is a special Web site they should make payments through (which is in fact a fake site setup by a scammer) or they may be tricked more easily into using a fake escrow company.
Many complaints have been made about eBay's system of dealing with fraud, leading to its being featured on the British consumer rights television program "Watchdog". It is also regularly featured in "The Daily Mirror"'s Consumer Awareness page. The complaints are generally that eBay fails to respond when a claim is made.
Shill Bidding.
Shill bidding is undisclosed vendor bidding that is used to artificially inflate the price of a certain item. It is usually carried out with "shill" account(s), by either the seller under an alternate account or another person in collusion with the seller. Shill bidding is nominally prohibited by eBay. However, eBay has been criticized for not doing enough to combat the problem. Indeed, it can now be demonstrated that eBay actively facilitates such allegedly criminal activity. Still, there are techniques, like sniping, which let buyers avoid shill bidders.
Forgeries.
It is estimated that about a quarter of all ancient coins and about two-thirds of all antiquities sold on eBay are modern forgeries. In March 2008, Professional Coin Grading Service issued an alert noting counterfeit PCGS slabs and various United States and Chinese coins originating from People's Republic of China being sold on eBay.
In court papers introduced by attorney for jeweler Tiffany & Co., it was claimed that researchers for Tiffany had determined that over 70% of the Tiffany silver jewelry offered for sale on eBay was fake. Tiffany & Co. filed a lawsuit against eBay in 2004 which claimed that eBay profited from the sales of counterfeit Tiffany items that infringed on its trademark. On July 14, 2008, a Federal District Court judge ruled that eBay does not have a legal responsibility to monitor users selling counterfeit items. In 2010, the Second Circuit affirmed this decision (see "Tiffany v. eBay").
Feedback system.
eBay allows buyers to rate any seller using a feedback system that allows both positive and negative comments, however, sellers are prohibited from leaving anything other than positive feedback for buyers.
Before eBay's January 29, 2008, policy-change announcement, at the end of every transaction, both the buyer and seller had the option of rating each other. Both parties had the ability to rate each other and the experience as a "positive", "negative", or "neutral" rating and leave a comment no longer than 80 characters. As of CEO's John Donahoe's announcement however, the option for sellers to leave anything other than positive feedback to buyers (in response to an outcry from buyers who received negative feedback in retaliation for leaving the seller a negative) was removed.
According to critics, weaknesses of the feedback system include:
Intellectual property in auctions.
Holders of intellectual property rights, have claimed that eBay profits from the infringement of intellectual property rights. eBay responded by creating the Verified Rights Owner (VeRO) program, which provides to rightsholders auction takedowns and private information on eBay users on demand.
eBay requires sellers to use PayPal.
In some countries, eBay requires sellers to offer its PayPal payment service with the claim that this makes transactions safer and easier. Critics counter this claim by saying that in reality, it's a way for eBay to "double dip" on its fees (since eBay also owns PayPal). In addition to eBay fees, sellers must pay a percentage to PayPal, as well; this is charged on the shipping charges in addition to the sale price.
Australia.
In April 2008 eBay announced an introduction of a 'PayPal only' policy in Australia. The new policy would have meant that sellers will only be able to offer PayPal or cash payment on pick-up as payment methods. eBay claims that PayPal is the most secure method of payment.
Under the Australian "Trade Practices Act 1974", it is unlawful for a company to require the use of a third party's products or services in order for a person to deal with the company, known as Third Line Forcing. eBay submitted a notification under the Act, which provides automatic exemption from this provision unless the notification is subsequently revoked by the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC).
As part of its assessment of the notification, the ACCC called for submissions from interested parties. This attracted a record number of complaints from eBay members, banks, Google, and members of the business community and the Reserve Bank of Australia. During this period, rival auction site OZtion experienced a record number of new members.
The ACCC completed an initial draft proposal to revoke eBay's notification, stating that it believed consumers were in a better position to judge risk on individual transactions than eBay's management and has ruled the plan anti-competitive. However, before a final decision could be announced on July 3, 2008, eBay announced that it had withdrawn the notification to the ACCC and shelved its "PayPal only" plans.
United Kingdom.
A similar policy requiring sellers to offer PayPal was also introduced in the United Kingdom, though in stages. The first stage, which was adopted on March 25, 2008, was aimed at sellers with feedback scores under 100 and in certain high risk categories. The requirement was extended to all sellers from June 3, 2008.
Other eBay controversies.
Other notable controversies involving eBay include:
Ebay Motors class action lawsuit.
On July 27, 2010, the Court allowed the individual plaintiffs Yingling and Scott to represent all persons who paid so-called Final Value Fees in conjunction with a listing of an item within eBay, Inc.’s defined category of "Parts & Accessories" on the eBay Motors website, which listing was placed between April 21, 2005, and August 26, 2009. This ruling also allows the law firm of Figari & Davenport LLP to act as “Class Counsel” and to represent the Class Members as their attorneys. The Court’s ruling does not mean that the Court views the claims in this Lawsuit as having merit or not.
This Settlement applies to the same persons defined above; however, all listings made using eBay’s Store Inventory Format are excluded from the Settlement. This group of persons is the “Settlement Class.” eBay’s records were used to send email or postal mail notice to all members of the Settlement Class.

</doc>
<doc id="19489420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489420" title="Buffalo, Rochester and Pittsburgh Railroad Station (Springville, New York)">
Buffalo, Rochester and Pittsburgh Railroad Station (Springville, New York)

Buffalo, Rochester and Pittsburgh Railroad Station in Springville, New York is a property that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="19489427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489427" title="Ballroom Streets">
Ballroom Streets

Ballroom Streets is a 1978 double album released by Melanie. The album is essentially a live album but recorded in the studio with a small audience. It mixed new recordings of old songs with some new songs. When first issued on CD in 1989, it did not contain "Holding Out", "Any Guy", "Groundhog Day" or "Friends and Company". These songs were re-added on the 1994 CD pressings.
The album is available for download at iTunes and Melanie's website.
Track listing.
All songs written by Melanie Safka except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="19489434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489434" title="John Randal McDonald">
John Randal McDonald

John Randal McDonald was a prominent architect who worked in the 1950s and 1960s. McDonald was born in Milwaukee in 1922 and served in World War II as an officer in the U.S. Navy before pursuing a degree in architecture. After a brief stint in the fine arts program at the State Teacher’s College, McDonald decided to pursue his interest in architecture at Yale University.
McDonald’s work has often been compared to Wright’s because nature is a continuous theme in
his design—he emphasized the importance of a natural setting and the use of natural materials.
McDonald also encouraged homeowners to be aware of the elegance of the natural environment,
thereby making them more sensitive to nature. McDonald designed unique homes that not
only appealed to the general-public, but were affordable.
Initially, McDonald’s designs were predominately for private residences; however, as years
passed and his success and reputation increased, he was commissioned to design monasteries,
hotels, factories, dormitories, schools, and churches across the country and abroad.
McDonald constructed his first house, located at 801 Lathrop Avenue, Racine, Wisconsin in 1949. McDonald and his family lived in the house for several years before moving to another home he designed located at 1001 Russet Street, also in Racine. In addition to Racine, McDonald designed several private, public, and religious buildings in Milwaukee and Kenosha. With his continued success, McDonald expanded his business and moved to Florida in 1963.
He designed at least two homes in Temple Terrace, Florida. McDonald was successful throughout his life as he designed hotels, banks, churches, and marinas throughout the world, as well as homes for various celebrities, such as Björn Borg, Mickey Mantle, Perry Como, Jimmy Connors, James Garner and Maureen O'Hara. McDonald died in 2003.
McDonald had many apprentices in his career; the last was Tom Bloczynski of Marshfield, Wisconsin. Bloczynski remained until McDonald's death in December 2003, and subsequently completed McDonald's unfinished projects.

</doc>
<doc id="19489438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489438" title="Bruce Lehane">
Bruce Lehane

Bruce Lehane (born January 11, 1949) is the cross country and distance track coach at Boston University. 
Early life and running career.
Lehane grew up in South Boston, Massachusetts. He began his cross country and track career at Boston English High School and continued his career at Boston State College. There, he set school records in the 880 yard run (1:52.1) and mile run (4:11.2) and earned N.A.I.A. All-American honors under coach Bill Squires.
Coaching career.
Lehane began coaching at Boston University in 1982. Since that time, he has coached 34 D.1 NCAA All-Americans, 7 national champions, 7 world champions, and 2 Olympians. Lehane has said of coaching that, "No one system works for all athletes. The key to successful training is to match the training loads to what the individual athlete benefits from".
World Championship appearances under Coach Lehane include:
Cross Country: Lesley Lehane (5th place), Rosemary Ryan, Matthew Smith, Karl Rasmussen, Are Nakkim, Eirik Hansen, Markku Kyyronen.
Individual National Champions under Coach Lehane include:
Lesley Lehane (USA XC, 3k Indoors), Matthew Smith (British XC), Karl Rasmussen (Norwegian XC), Are Nakkim (Norwegian 5k, 10k), Eirik Hansen (Norwegian 5k), Jennifer Lanctot (NCAA mile), Dean Crowe (NCAA 5000).
Olympic Appearances under Coach Lehane include:
Rosemary Ryan (2000 Olympics), Cathy O'Brien (1988 Olympics)
Other works.
Lehane also co-authored the book Speed With Endurance along with Bill Squires.
Personal.
Bruce Lehane married wife Lesley in 1987. Lehane has three sons: Blaize, Elliot, and Aidan. He currently lives in Brookline, Massachusetts.
His son, Elliot, is in the class of 2012 at BU and ran on the cross-country and track and field teams.
Quotes.
"Putting on the meets is a labor of love. We give thanks to all who participated and to all who came to spectate - except to the guy who threw up in the sink in the men's room. Like us, he has got to clean up his act."

</doc>
<doc id="19489460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489460" title="Sego Festival">
Sego Festival

Provo, Utah hosts the Sego Festival each fall. The festival was founded in 2005 by Matt Gifford and Maht Paulos, as a way to highlight musicians, artists, and filmmakers based in Utah County. In 2007 the festival was changed from the summer to the fall, apparently to take advantage of the higher number of students in Provo at that time of year.
The 2008 featured a kick-off on Friday, September 26 at 100 N University Avenue. This was followed by an all day, multi-stage concert on Saturday, September 27 at the Rock Castle Amphitheater above the Utah State Mental Hospital. It featured over fifty bands, numerous local visual artists, and over 100 volunteers. The festival drew approximately 1500 patrons in 2006, 3000 in 2007, and 4000 in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19489512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489512" title="The Escape Engine">
The Escape Engine

The Escape Engine was a post-hardcore band from Paramus, New Jersey, that existed from 2002 to 2006. They were signed to Fidelity Records.
History.
The Escape Engine was founded in the spring of 2002 by vocalist Dom Lettera and guitarist/vocalist George Leontaris after the break-up of Two Weeks From Tomorrow. Soon after, Kevin B. Robbins, John "Fitz" Fitzpatrick (who, along with George Leontaris, played in Two Weeks From Tomorrow as well), and Amanda Klimek joined the line up.
The band's name comes from a Burning Airlines song titled "The Escape Engine". It wasn't until the band was at the recording studio, finishing up their 4 song demo, where the engineer asked what name should be put on the master that the band finally agreed on the name. 
Within a matter of months of recording their demo the band was approach by Jon Strauss whose intentions were to start an independent record label. The band ended up becoming the first band to sign with the newly created Fidelity Records.
"Celebrity Role Model".
In February 2003, the band entered the studio with producer Jesse Cannon, to record their first full-length album, "Celebrity Role Model". It was released on May 27, 2003. The album art featured photos taken of a young woman named Brittney Hammer, a friend of the band from California.
The magazine "Alternative Press" gave "Celebrity Role Model" a 5-star rating in August 2003.
The first single from the album was "This Jagged Alibi". A video for the song was created, which featured Hammer, as well as Eyerly St. James. The video was produced and directed by Darren Doane, and shot by Shane Drake. The video premiered on MTV2's Extreme Rock on July 13, 2003 and soon after was broadcast on MTV, MTVX and MuchMusic.
"This Jagged Alibi" was included in the 2003 compilation albums "Wonka Vision Issue No. 23 Winter 2003", "Radiotakeover Presents the Back to School Tour '03" and "Go-Kart MP300 Raceway". The video for "This Jagged Alibi" was included in the video compilation "XdoaneX - The Shape of Videos to Come". Another song from the album, "A Lesson In Futility", was included in the compilation album "CMJ New Music Monthly Sampler, CMJ New Music Monthly Volume 113".
The Escape Engine were selected as one of ten bands to perform on the summer 2003 Warped Tour.
"Welcome To The Conversation" was featured in Warren Miller's 2003 film titled "Journeys." While "Intro", "Celebrity Role Model"'s first track, was featured in the movie's trailer.
Departures.
Upon arriving back in New Jersey after 4 months of touring along the east coast and performing on the Warped Tour, John Fitzpatrick informed the other members that he was leaving the band. Shortly after, the band auditioned several drummers as a replacement; among them were Chris Osborne and Aaron Elliott. The band eventually selected Osborne as Fitzpatrick's replacement. Osborne officially joined The Escape Engine in early October. Later that month, on October 22, 2003, John Fitzpatrick returned to play his last show with The Escape Engine at Tobacco Road in New York City as part of the 2003 CMJ Music Marathon.
The group hit the road again on November 3, 2003, this time for their first U.S. cross-continental tour. By early January 2004 guitarist Kevin B. Robbins, departed from the band over creative differences. Mike Carroll, Lettera's longtime friend who often accompanied the band on tour, stepped in to replace Robbins. Robbins later partnered with Jonathan Strauss to assist with the Fidelity Records label.
The band broke up in 2006.
In August 2011, Conor Clark (the band's final rhythm guitarist) died in Ridgewood, New Jersey.
The band re-united on May 4, 2012 for a single sold-out performance at Maxwell's in Hoboken, New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="19489521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489521" title="Udayamarthandapuram Bird Sanctuary">
Udayamarthandapuram Bird Sanctuary

Udayamarthandapuram Bird Sanctuary is a .45 km² (0.2 sq mi) Protected area in Tiruvarur District, Tamil Nadu state, India at .
Fauna.
A notable aspect of the sanctuary is the large number of Purple Moorhen and Openbill storks during February – March.
Notes.
The Udayamarthandapuram Bird Sanctuary covers an area of around 45 km2 and is fed by an irrigation tank that receives water from the Mettur Dam. The tank remains dry between the months of April and August.
During the months of February and March, purple-moorhen and openbill storks can be seen here. Other migratory birds in the sanctuary include the white-ibis, Indian reef heron, white-necked stork, grey-heron, coot, night heron, purple-heron, little cormorant, spoonbill and darter.
From September through December, the bird population inhabiting the sanctuary rises to around 10,000 birds. The ideal season to visit this sanctuary is during the months of November and December.

</doc>
<doc id="19489550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489550" title="Mont Idoukal-n-Taghès">
Mont Idoukal-n-Taghès

Mont Idoukal-n-Taghès (also Mont Bagzane, Mont Bagzan) is the highest mountain in Niger. Mont Idoukal-n-Taghès is located in the south central Aïr Mountains, and is at the northern end of the Bagzane plateau. The village and pilgrimage site of Abatol sits at the base of the peak. The Aouderas valley, the path of a seasonal wash (or Kouri) runs south from the foot of Idoukal-n-Taghès towards Agadez, the regional capital. The oasis town of Aouderas is just southwest of the mountain. Due to its high elevation, mount Idoukal'n'Taghes has been found to host a number of Saharan-Mediterranean and Tropical plant species that have never been recorded elsewhere in Niger.
Official Nigerien and international sources believed Mont Gréboun, far to the north, to be the highest peak in the nation as late as 2001, when Gréboun's long standing lower measurement confirmed at 1944 m, which had variously been measured as high as 2310 m. Greboun has a much greater local relief, rising from near the desert floor, while Idoukal-n-Taghès sits atop a high massif with an average altitude above 1600 meters.
To honour the highest point in Niger, the official aircraft of the President of Niger is named "Mont Bagzane".

</doc>
<doc id="19489558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489558" title="Bailando por un sueño (Perú)">
Bailando por un sueño (Perú)

The Peruvian version of Bailando por un Sueño premiered its first season on June 7, 2008, hosted by Gisela Valcárcel, who returned to Peruvian television after spending three years away. The programs, in a format called "galas", transmitted on Saturdays at 10 pm (-5 GMT) for Panamericana Television live from the Monitor Studios, located in the Lima district of San Borja.
Concept and schedule.
"Bailando por un Sueño" is a reality show where 13 participants called "The Dreamers" star in a dance competition in which the winner will realize a dream that becomes public knowledge, either to resolve a personal problem or to help someone else. The program focuses on social assistance that can be provided to talented people who have no economic means to achieve certain goals and comply with the tool that these dreamers have to overcome adversity is his talent for dancing.
The "dreamers" are not alone in his company, each of which receives the aid or support of a famous person or "hero", which make up a pair of dancers. The "dreamers" are 13 ordinary people who were chosen after passing a rigorous audition, and are a common feature special talent for dance and have dramatic stories of personal need or altruistic goals for their community. On the other hand, or the famous "heroes" are celebrities from the entertainment and sports world, most of whom had no prior preparation for the dance event and were offered voluntarily or were summoned by Gisela Valcárcel to help each "dreamer" to achieve the realization of his dream.
The thirteen couples (dreamer and hero) will compete over 12 weekly galas, which will eliminate those couples who by the score awarded by the jury are sentenced and received the fewest votes from viewers telephone. At the final gala will be competitions by two couples who get the long-awaited fulfilment of his dream, as well as an award from surprise Cerveza Cristal.
The four couples who succeed in reaching the top ranks of the First Season will participate in November 2008 in the "Kings of the Dancefloor" along with the three couples highlights of the second season (which began in late August), plus of that couple to occupy the best 4th place in the first two seasons as the score given by judges. The dreamer of the couple receiving the first of this tournament will win a prize of 100,000 soles, and next to the famous who will be accompanying him to represent Peru at the Second International Dance Championship, which will possibly take place in Argentina in 2009.
"Bailando por un Sueño" is part of prime time Saturday of Panamericana Television, is transmitted from 10:00 pm, lasting about two and a half hours, and includes the transmission of micro daily from Monday to Friday along the regular programming of this television channel, which began in the weeks before the gala premiere of the first and whose purpose is to keep the public abreast of the trials of participants as well as reporting on couples "sentenced" to the public can save by voting through telephone calls or text messages (In the first week of micro reported on the casting process that ended with the selection of the 13 "dreamers").
Gisela Valcárcel, formerly known as "The queen of Noon," is a risk in investing huge amount of money so far not revealed to buy the license from "Dancing for a Dream," perhaps the most successful franchise of Televisa, which traveled to Mexico to personally contact with its creators Santiago and Ruben Galindo. Against all odds, his newly founded company GV Productions managed to acquire a license, besides having the right of first refusal to acquire an additional five programs Televisa if the program succeeded in achieving success. Panamericana Television, the TV station that transmits the program only provides its signal and some technical equipment through Panam Content, which also is responsible for conducting, but is not involved in any aspect of production and creative content, which is managed by SAC GV Productions, under the baton of the producer and Ricky Rodriguez Gisela the same.
First season.
The first season of "Bailando por un sueño" was launched on Saturday, June 7, 2008 with prognosis reserved by the critics, even as it recalled the reasons which led to his driver, Gisela Valcárcel, to leave the television three years before. But the show was a success since its first broadcast, leading to dethrone "Fares Laughter," a comical nature of sexist and vulgar that it had been the leader of tune on weekends for many years. Although this was only saying that it was a fad and that soon they would run the streak, "Dancing for a Dream" in his first season continued as the absolute leader of tune on weekends, except in two specific nights When transmitted from the playoffs for the world of 2010 between the selections of Peru and Colombia as a channel of competition showed a special tribute to Mexican comic Chespirito, who was then in Lima presenting its drama "11 and 12 "with overwhelming success.
Second season.
The Second Season of Dancing for a Dream was launched on August 30 and culminate on November 15, 2008. In the opinion of critics and the public, couples this season have a competitive level higher than in the previous season and it is not clear who may be the favorites.
Famous and Dreamers.
Famous --> Occupation --> Dreamer

</doc>
<doc id="19489583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489583" title="Yuriy Naydovskiy">
Yuriy Naydovskiy

Naydovskiy made three appearances for the Kazakhstan national football team, all at the 1992 Central Asian Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19489596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489596" title="Emlembe">
Emlembe

Emlembe is the highest mountain in Swaziland. It is located in the east uKhahlamba (or Drakensberg) mountain range, on the border with South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="19489601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489601" title="K6 pipe">
K6 pipe

K6 pipe is a diamondiferous diatreme in the Buffalo Head Hills kimberlite field of Northern Alberta, Canada. It is thought to have formed about 85 million years ago when is part of Alberta was volcanically active during the Late Cretaceous period. It is typical of melts that originated from the low mantle.

</doc>
<doc id="19489605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489605" title="USS Mohawk (YT-17)">
USS Mohawk (YT-17)

The third USS "Mohawk" (YT‑17), later renamed USS "YT-17" and USS "YTL-17", was a tug that served in the United States Navy from 1898 to 1946.
"Mohawk" was built as the civilian tug "T. P. Fowler" in 1893 by T. S. Marval and Company, Newburgh, New York. She was acquired by the U.S. Navy from Cornell Steamboat Company on 23 April 1898 for service in the Spanish-American War, commissioned as USS "Mohawk", and assigned to the 5th Naval District.
"Mohawk" operated in and around Norfolk Navy Yard, Norfolk, Virginia, for nearly half a century, making several voyages a year to naval installations throughout the Potomac River and Chesapeake Bay area, serving the fleet by towing barges and aiding naval vessels.
Designated YT‑17 in 1920, her name was changed from USS "Mohawk" to USS "YT-17" in 1942. "YT‑17" was renamed USS "YTL‑17" in 1944 and continued service at Norfolk through the end of World War II.
"YTL-17" was turned over to the War Shipping Administration for disposal on 1 October 1946 and sold to W. S. Sanders, Norfolk, Va., in 1948. She was subsequently resold to H. B. Stone of Wilmington, North Carolina. She was declared derelict in 1969 and sunk as an artificial reef off Wrightsville Beach, N.C. in 1970, approximate position of the wreck is 34° 02.000’ N, 077° 52.000’ W.

</doc>
<doc id="19489619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489619" title="Sanyuan Group">
Sanyuan Group

Sanyuan Group () is a state-owned group of companies based on agriculture and animal husbandry in China. It consists of 12 state farms, 20 professional companies, 41 transnational joint ventures, 3 overseas subsidiaries and 1 public company as Beijing Sanyuan Foods, which is listed in Shanghai Stock Exchange.
Sanyuan Foods.
Phoenix Television was quoted as saying Sanyuan Foods was chosen by Beijing Olympic Committee at the last minute as the sole supplier of milk and dairy products for both the 2008 Summer Olympics and the 2008 Summer Paralympics. The original supplier of dairy products to the 2008 Beijing Olympic was Yili Group, but Yili was dropped when its products failed quality tests. After Sanyuan Foods' products were cleared in the nationwide test for melamine, its share price surged 10 percent, a jump of 52% in 5 days.
Independent media have reported that during the 2008 Beijing Olympics and the 2008 Beijing Paralympics, the "State Council Special Food Supply Center" was the only food supplier chosen by the Beijing Olympic Committee when all other national suppliers failed the stringent tests. 
"All the food supply, including dairy, for the Olympics and Paralympics were safe," Li Changjiang, former head of AQSIQ told a press conference. "We took special quality management measures aimed at food supply for the Games." 
On 26, September 2008 Beijing Sanyuan Foods Co Ltd (SHA 600429) said its shares will be suspended from today pending an announcement related to a possible acquisition. Beijing Sanyuan is the only listed dairy producer that has avoided being associated with China's milk contamination scandal.
The official China Securities Journal cited market sources as saying that Sanyuan, a second-tier company, may acquire Sanlu Group, the dairy at the center of the contamination scandal, taking the opportunity to become one of the top brands.

</doc>
<doc id="19489654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489654" title="Effects of Hurricane Katrina in Florida">
Effects of Hurricane Katrina in Florida

The effects of Hurricane Katrina in Florida were in both in the southern portion of the state and in the panhandle. After developing on August 23, Katrina made landfall near the border of Broward and Miami-Dade counties with winds on August 25. While it was crossing the state, the hurricane's convection was asymmetrical, primarily located to the south and east of the center. As a result, high rainfall totals occurred in the Miami area, peaking at in Perrine. The rains caused flooding, and the combination of rains and winds downed trees and power lines, leaving 1.4 million people without power. Damage in South Florida was estimated at $523 million (2005 USD), mostly as a result of crop damage. Further south, the hurricane spawned a tornado in the Florida Keys. In the island chain, Katrina dropped heavy rainfall and gusty winds.
After emerging from the state, Katrina intensified into one of the strongest Atlantic hurricanes, becoming a Category 5 on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale. It moved ashore in Louisiana and Mississippi, although the hurricane's outer periphery produced a storm surge in Pensacola along the panhandle. High waves caused beach erosion and closed nearby roadways. There were five tornadoes in northwestern Florida. Damage was estimated along the panhandle at $100 million. Throughout the state, the hurricane killed 14 people, of which 6 were directly related to the storm's effects. Due to damage from Katrina, 11 Florida counties were declared federal disaster areas.
Background.
Hurricane Katrina developed as Tropical Depression Twelve over the Bahamas on August 23, partially from the remains of Tropical Depression Ten. As it moved slowly northwestward, it developed organized convection, or thunderstorms, and it intensified into a tropical storm on August 24. A building ridge turned Katrina to the west, bringing it over the Gulf Stream. With warm waters and favorable outflow, the storm continued strengthening. At around 2100 UTC on August 25, Katrina attained hurricane status, based on observations from the Hurricane Hunters. Intensification of the ridge to its north caused the hurricane to turn to the west-southwest, and as it approached the Florida coastline Katrina developed a well-defined eye. At 2230 UTC on August 25, Katrina made landfall near the border of Miami-Dade and Broward counties with winds of around . The hurricane moved southwestward and crossed Florida in about six hours, during which its eye became better defined. During its passage, northerly wind shear shifted the deepest convection to the south and east of the center, and Katrina briefly weakened to a tropical storm before emerging into the Gulf of Mexico early on August 26. After emerging from the state, Katrina intensified into one of the strongest Atlantic hurricanes, becoming a Category 5 on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale. Katrina ultimately moved ashore in southeastern Louisiana on August 29, where it caused severe storm surge flooding and catastrophic damage; it dissipated the following day.
In the preceding 2004 season, Florida was affected by four hurricanes, including hurricanes Frances and Jeanne which hit Martin County and caused billions in damage.
Preparations.
About nine hours after the system developed on August 24, the National Hurricane Center (NHC) issued a tropical storm watch from the Seven Mile Bridge to Vero Beach. Later that day, the watch was upgraded to a tropical storm warning and hurricane watch from Florida City to Vero Beach after the storm's intensification became apparent. About 25 hours before Katrina made landfall, the tropical storm watch was extended northward to Titusville, and a tropical storm warning and a hurricane watch was issued for Lake Okeechobee. Early on August 25, a hurricane warning was issued from Florida City to Vero Beach and for Lake Okeechobee. In southeastern Florida, the lead time for the hurricane watch and warning occurred 31.5 and 19.5 hours before landfall, respectively; both were 4.5 hours less than the desired lead time. A tropical storm warning was also issued from Florida Key, southward through the Florida Keys to the Dry Tortugas, and northward along the western coast to Longboat Key. The warning in the Florida Keys occurred only nine hours before the onset of tropical storm force winds.
On August 25, Florida's Emergency Operations Center was activated in Tallahassee to monitor the progress of the hurricane. Before Katrina moved ashore, schools and businesses were closed in the Miami area. Cruise ships altered their paths due to seaports in southeastern Florida closing. Officials in Miami-Dade County advised residents in mobile homes or with special needs to evacuate. To the north in Broward County, residents east of the Intracoastal Waterway or in mobile homes were advised to leave their homes. Evacuation orders were issued for offshore islands in Palm Beach County, and for residents in mobile homes south of Lantana Road. Shelters were opened across the region. Officials closed the Miami International Airport, Fort Lauderdale – Hollywood International Airport, Key West International Airport, and Florida Keys Marathon Airport due to the storm. In Monroe and Collier counties, schools were closed, and a shelter was opened in Immokalee.
While Katrina was intensifying as a major hurricane on August 28, the NHC issued a tropical storm warning and hurricane watch from the Alabama border to Destin along the panhandle. The warning was later extended to Indian Pass. Officials issued a mandatory evacuation for portions of Walton, Gulf, Franklin, and Wakulla counties.
Impact.
Overall, Hurricane Katrina killed 14 people in the state, of which 6 were directly related to the storm. Six of the indirect deaths were in South Florida, of which three were from carbon monoxide poisoning caused by generators, one was due to a vehicle accident, one occurred during debris cleanup, and one was associated with a lack of electricity. At least five people were injured due to carbon monoxide poisoning. Overall damage totaled $623 million (2005 USD).
Miami area.
While moving across Florida, Katrina had an asymmetric area of thunderstorms, which placed the strongest winds and rainfall over Miami-Dade County. The highest precipitation total related to hurricane in the United States was in Perrine, or about halfway between Miami and Homestead. Of the total, fell in 24 hours. During its passage, the eye of the hurricane moved directly over the office of the National Hurricane Center, which reported a wind gust of . The strongest sustained winds in Florida was a report of on the roof of the Rosenstiel School of Marine and Atmospheric Science in Virginia Key. The same station recorded a gust of . Unofficially, wind gusts reached at Homestead General Aviation Airport. The hurricane's accompanying storm surge was small, estimated at around . Consequentially, there was minor beach erosion and isolated coastal flooding.
The heavy rainfall flooded neighborhoods in the area, damaging over 100 houses. The storm left about 1.4 million people without power in Palm Beach, Broward, and Miami-Dade counties. In Broward County north of Katrina's first landfall, the hurricane dropped light rainfall, ranging from . Downed trees killed three people in the county. Train and bus service was disrupted in the Miami area. Property damage was estimated at $100 million. Widespread flooding affected crop nurseries and greenhouses, and crop damage totaled $423 million. Three people drowned in Miami-Dade County, two of whom on boats.
Florida Keys and Monroe County.
Katrina weakened into a tropical storm while moving across Monroe County. Tides reached in mainland Monroe County, which flooded several houses and vehicles in Flamingo in Everglades National Park. Most of the Florida Keys reported tropical storm-force winds. A station on Key West reported sustained winds of , with gusts to . While the storm passed to its north, the city reported a storm surge of about . The storm's outer rainbands spawned an F2 tornado in Marathon on August 26, which damaged an airport hangar and several homes. This was one of only six F2 tornadoes in the Florida Keys since 1950. Similar to the Miami area, Katrina dropped heavy rainfall in the Florida Keys, reaching in Key West. In the area, the storm left about 5,000 people without power. After Katrina re-intensified into a hurricane, a station on the Dry Tortugas reported sustained winds of , with gusts to .
Elsewhere in Florida.
Light rains and winds spread into the Melbourne National Weather Service region. Kennedy Space Center reported wind gusts to , although there was no damage or erosion in the area. In southwestern Florida, the storm produced a storm surge of in Clearwater Beach. In the central portion of the state, some areas for pasture were flooded due to outer rainbands.
Florida panhandle.
After striking southeastern Louisiana, Hurricane Katrina made its final landfall in Mississippi, during which it produced a storm surge of about in Pensacola. The hurricane struck months after Hurricane Dennis affected the same area. In St. Marks, the surge flooded several businesses, and in Walton County, high tides flooded several roads, including portions of U.S. Highways 98 and 331. The storm caused moderate to severe beach erosion along the gulf coast, and washed sand onto many coastal roads. Winds along the Florida panhandle peaked at in Pensacola, with gusts to . High winds briefly closed the Interstate 10 bridge over Escambia Bay in Pensacola. The outer rainbands of the hurricane spawned five tornadoes, all of them weak and not very damaging. Rainfall along the panhandle reached in Philpot, which caused flooding.
The winds caused damage to some trees and structures and there was some minor flooding in the panhandle. There were two indirect fatalities from Katrina in Walton County as a result of a traffic accident. Along the Florida panhandle, 77,000 customers lost power. Damage along the panhandle was estimated at $100 million.
Aftermath.
On August 28, or about three days after Katrina struck the state, President George W. Bush declared a disaster area for Miami-Dade and Broward counties, which allocated federal funding for debris removal and other emergency services. Three days later, Monroe County was also declared a disaster areas, and on the same day the three counties were designated to receive funding for public assistance; this included aid to repair roads and bridges, water control facilities, public buildings, and recreation areas. The declaration was determined after the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) sent 20 State Emergency Response Teams to determine the extent of damage. After Hurricane Katrina struck the Gulf Coast, President Bush declared a disaster area for seven counties along the Florida panhandle on September 6; the counties were Bay, Escambia, Franklin, Gulf, Okaloosa, Santa Rosa, and Walton. In addition, Collier County in southwestern Florida was added to the list of disaster areas.
In the two months after Katrina struck south Florida, Hurricane Rita brushed the region in late September with tropical storm-force winds and flooding rains. In late October, Hurricane Wilma struck southwestern Florida as a major hurricane, affecting the Miami area with hurricane-force winds that left 98% of south Florida without power. Including Hurricane Dennis in July, FEMA provided $1 billion in public assistance to Florida residents in association with the four hurricanes in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19489660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489660" title="Fenton Lake State Park">
Fenton Lake State Park

Fenton Lake State Park is a state park of New Mexico, USA, located north of San Ysidro. The lake is a popular fishing destination. 
It was featured as a filming location in the 1976 movie "The Man Who Fell to Earth".
<br clear=left>

</doc>
<doc id="19489662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489662" title="Rock Island Pool">
Rock Island Pool

Rock Island Pool is a reservoir on the Columbia River in the U.S. state of Washington. It was created in 1933 with the construction of Rock Island Dam. The reservoir stretches from there upstream to the Rocky Reach Dam.

</doc>
<doc id="19489673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489673" title="Segelclub Rhe">
Segelclub Rhe

Segelclub Rhe ("Sailing Club Rhe") is the oldest yacht club in Germany. It was established in 1855 in Königsberg, East Prussia. 
Segelclub RHE began when Ernst Burow, then a high school student, got a fishing boat as a present and needed a few friends to sail it. The club quickly became very successful and organized not only sailing events in the Baltic Sea and nearby lakes in the summer, but also ice sailing competitions in the winter. Segelclub RHE contributed to the foundation of the Deutscher Segler-Verband (German Sailing Association) in 1888. The club moved from Friedrichsburg to Contienen in 1914. After World War II, following Soviet occupation and the expulsion of Germans from East Prussia, the yacht club moved to Blankenese, a suburb of Hamburg. 
Segelclub RHE has a fleet of Optimists sailing in the Alster, a quiet tributary of the Elbe, on which many of the present day skippers learned. Segelclub RHE's fleet includes also different types of large sailboats, so that there is room for everyone to learn and participate at every level. Segelclub RHE supports the first German team in America's Cup through the United Internet Team Germany. In 2007 this yacht club became a member of the International Council of Yacht Clubs.
The club promotes good comradeship "which goes further than the sailing itself" as its core value. Therefore it favours socialising as much as sailing and it regularly organizes social events at its club house by the river Elbe.

</doc>
<doc id="19489687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489687" title="Michael Piazza">
Michael Piazza

Michael Piazza may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19489695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489695" title="Luis Terrazas">
Luis Terrazas

Luis Terrazas, born José Luis Gonzaga Jesús Daniel Terrazas Fuentes [http://www.nevadaobserver.com/Mexican%20Revolution%20-%20People/Mexican%20Revolution%20-%20Terrazas,%20Luis.htm] (20 July 1829, Chihuahua, Mexico-18 June 1923, Chihuahua), was a Mexican politician, businessman, rancher and soldier. He was a pivotal figure in the history of the state of Chihuahua from the middle of the 19th century through the outbreak of the Mexican Revolution. He was a leader of the Cientificos during the regime of Porfirio Diaz and was the founder of the influential Creel-Terrazas Family.
First elected Governor of Chihuahua in 1858, Terrazas was a host, political ally and confidant of President Benito Juárez during the French Interventionwhen Juarez was living with his cabinet in exile in Chihuahua City from 1864 through 1866. He served as governor for various terms of office between 1858 and 1904.[http://www.nevadaobserver.com/Mexican%20Revolution%20-%20People/Mexican%20Revolution%20-%20Terrazas,%20Luis.htm
There are two anecdotal tales addressing Terrazas' wealth: when approached by American meat packer Swift and asked if he could provide a hundred thousand head of cattle, his rejoinder was "In what color?". And, when asked once at a social function if he were from Chihuahua, he was reported to have asserted "No soy de Chihuahua, Chihuahua es mío" ("I'm not from Chihuahua, Chihuahua is mine").
His ranches had once totaled more than 7 million acres (28,000 km²)[http://texashistory.unt.edu/ark:/67531/metapth63162/].
He acquired his properties in a number of ways; one significant advantage was that, as governor of the state, Terrazas was able to move armed forces into and out of portions of the state and buy good rangeland where prices had reduced due to instability.
In 1902 he sold a ranch, Hacienda Humboldt at Julimes, near Delicias, Chihuahua, to a group of sponsors organized by President Theodore Roosevelt for a colony of South African Boer refugees. Roosevelt was represented by Edward Reeve Merritt and Marshall Latham Bond.
Terrazas was said to have faced-down his enemy Pancho Villa in a confrontation during the early days of the Revolution; he had suspected Villa of rustling his cattle and refused to have any dealings with him, leading to a mutual enmity between the two. Villa was also the leading suspect in the abduction of Terrazas' eldest son, Luis, during the Revolution [http://groups.yahoo.com/group/MexicanRevolution/message/96?l=1]. He and Villa died in the same year (Terrazas from old age; Villa by assassination).

</doc>
<doc id="19489699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489699" title="1996 New Orleans Saints season">
1996 New Orleans Saints season

The 1996 New Orleans Saints season was the team's 30th as a member of the National Football League. They were unable to match their previous season's output of 7–9, winning only three games. The team failed to qualify for the playoffs for the fourth straight year.
The season was marked by the abrupt resignation on October 21, 1996 of head coach Jim Mora; who left shortly after a loss to 2nd year division rival Carolina 19–7 and after his infamous postgame rant that gained notoriety for his "diddily poo" reference. Rick Venturi took over on an interim basis the rest of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="19489704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489704" title="Bukit Pagon">
Bukit Pagon

Bukit Pagon is the highest mountain in Brunei. It is situated on the border with Malaysia on the island of Borneo. Bukit Pagon is located in the Temburong District of Brunei. This district is separated from the rest of Brunei by part of the Sarawak State of Malaysia.
The pitcher plant species "Nepenthes lowii" can be found on the slopes of this mountain.

</doc>
<doc id="19489709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489709" title="Clive Gates">
Clive Gates

Clive Gates (born 11 March 1956, Westminster, London) was the keyboardist and synthesizer player of the synthpop band, New Musik, from 1979 until 1982, replacing original member Nick Straker, who left to form the Nick Straker Band. Gates remained as a member of the New Musik until they split up.
Gates is a classically trained pianist. He knew Tony Mansfield in 1972, performing with him in a T. Rex and King Crimson oriented band called Reeman Zeegus.
He also played keyboards on Miguel Bosé's 1987 album, "XXX", and for Silent Running on the album "Deep" (1989) and on Ana Torroja's "Puntos Cardinales" album (1997).

</doc>
<doc id="19489712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489712" title="Lake Wanapum">
Lake Wanapum

Wanapum Lake is a reservoir on the Columbia River in the U.S. state of Washington. It was created in 1963 with the construction of Wanapum Dam. It stretches from there upstream to the Rock Island Dam. The lake is named for the Wanapum people.

</doc>
<doc id="19489729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489729" title="Priest Rapids Lake">
Priest Rapids Lake

Priest Rapids Lake is a reservoir on the Columbia River in the U.S. state of Washington. It was created in 1959 with the construction of Priest Rapids Dam. The reservoir stretches from there upstream to the Wanapum Dam.

</doc>
<doc id="19489741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489741" title="Alliance University">
Alliance University

Alliance University is a private University established in the city of Bangalore set up in 2010 by Act No. 34 of the Karnataka State, the university was established under the aegis of Alliance Business School. Alliance University is recognized by the University Grants Commission (UGC), New Delhi. Alliance University is located on an extensive state-of-the-art campus on the Chandapura-Anekal main road, Bangalore. Campus design and construction on an additional 40-acre land in Bangalore is underway. The city campus of the University is located in BTM Layout, Bangalore.
Schools and colleges.
Alliance University has 4 academic schools which include Alliance School of Business, Alliance School of Law, Alliance College of Engineering & Design and Alliance Ascent College. The university has plans to expand its academic schools by adding a college of Arts and Humanities, College of Science, College of Medicine, Dentistry and Health Sciences, College of Education and Human Services and a College of Media & Communications.
Alliance Ascent College, Alliance University has been established which aims to become a premier college with state-of-the-art facilities providing education, training and research in the areas of business, management and technology.
Academics.
Alliance University offers new programs that it was already offering before becoming a university – the undergraduate and postgraduate degrees in business administration, programs for working professionals, and customized programs for the armed forces. In the recent years, new programs have been introduced through the colleges affiliated to the university.
Ranking.
Alliance School of Business, Alliance University has been ranked as follows:
Programs offered.
Alliance School of Business.
Department of Commerce
International partners.
The following are some of the partner universities with which Alliance University has collaborative arrangements internationally:
Antwerp Management School, Belgium
Royal Roads University, Canada
Beijing Institute of Technology, China
Nanjing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics, China
The Sino-British College, USST, China
INSEEC, France
IPAC School of Management, France
ISEP, France
Paris School of Business, France
Telecom School of Management, France
Telecom SudParis, France
Toulouse Business School, France
Berlin School of Economics and Law, Germany
European Business School, Germany
University of Applied Sciences, Germany
Duisenberg School of Finance, The Netherlands
Maastricht School of Management, The Netherlands
Russian Presidential Academy of National Economy and Public Admi. (RANEPA), Russia
Togliatti Academy of Management, Russia
Federation of Schools (FEDE), Switzerland
University of Bedfordshire, UK
University of Chester, UK
University of Dundee, UK
Fairleigh Dickinson University, USA
Georgia State University, USA
Oakland University, USA
San Jose State University, USA
The University of Memphis, USA
University of Central Florida, USA
Webber International University, USA

</doc>
<doc id="19489743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489743" title="Enrico Pieri">
Enrico Pieri

Enrico Pieri is an Italian man who, as a child, survived a German massacre of Italian villagers.
The child is depicted in Spike Lee's film "Miracle at St. Anna".

</doc>
<doc id="19489753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489753" title="Northern Alberta kimberlite province">
Northern Alberta kimberlite province

The Northern Alberta kimberlite province (NAKP) is a cluster of kimberlite pipes in Northern Alberta, Canada. It consists of three kimberlite fields, including the Birch Mountains, Buffalo Head Hills, and Mountain Lake cluster.

</doc>
<doc id="19489754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489754" title="Pictures (Leon Bolier album)">
Pictures (Leon Bolier album)

Pictures is the debut studio album by Trance artist Leon Bolier, released on September 29, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19489757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489757" title="Marcel Lempereur-Haut">
Marcel Lempereur-Haut

Marcel Lempereur-Haut (b. 1898 in Liège- d. 1986 Lille) was a Belgian painter. He took drawing lessons at the Liège Academy of Fine Arts where he obtained a diploma in surveying and, after World War I he worked as a technical draughtsman.
In 1920, he joined the group publishing the "Anthologie" art magazine. He started his artistic career by producing book illustrations and prints, mostly inspired by cubism. He produced his first abstract art in 1921, and in 1922 befriended František Kupka. From 1932, he participated in the exhibitions of the musicalist artists.
He lived in Paris from 1945 to 1958, and participated in the exhibitions of the "Salon des Réalités Nouvelles". At this stage, his work mainly comprised combinations of circles, spirals and stars. His later works were mostly decorative.
Lempereur-Haut continued to paint into at least his late seventies, limiting himself to crayons on cardboard after a cataract operation in 1976 restricted his vision. A retrospective exhibition of his work was held in Lille in 1985.
Video.
[http://ina.fr/archivespourtous/index.php?vue=notice&from=fulltext&full=Frezin%2C+Roger&cs_order=0&num_notice=2&total_notices=3]

</doc>
<doc id="19489759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489759" title="USRC Mohawk (1904)">
USRC Mohawk (1904)

USRC "Mohawk", was a steel steam powered revenue cutter built for the U.S. Revenue Cutter Service by William R. Trigg Company at Richmond, Virginia. She was commissioned into the United States Revenue Cutter Service on 10 May 1904. Based at New York, New York, she cruised the Atlantic Ocean and adjacent waters between Gay Head, Massachusetts, and the Delaware breakwater. When the Revenue Cutter Service merged with the United States Lifesaving Service to form the United States Coast Guard in 1915, she became a Coast Guard cutter. Her primary duties in the Revenue Cutter Service and Coast Guard were assisting vessels in distress and enforcing navigational laws as well as a derelict destroyer.
"Mohawk" was temporarily transferred to the United States Navy on 6 April 1917 for service in World War I. She was the fourth ship known by that name commissioned into the Navy. While serving on coastal duty in connection with convoy operations, she was struck by the British tanker SS "Vennacher" and sank on 1 October 1917 off Sandy Hook, New Jersey. All hands were saved but the water was deemed too deep to warrant salvage operations.

</doc>
<doc id="19489765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489765" title="Maria fold and thrust belt">
Maria fold and thrust belt

The Maria fold and thrust belt (MFTB) is a portion of the North American Cordillera orogen in which geological structures accommodate roughly north-south to northwest-southeast vergent Mesozoic age crustal shortening. This lies in contrast to the remainder of the Cordillera, in which shortening is predominantly East-West. Structures associated with the Maria Fold and Thrust Belt are exposed in a series of mountain ranges in southeastern California and western Arizona. Many of the deep structures of the MFTB have been exposed due to east-west to northeast-southwest Cenezoic age extension and unroofing.
In some parts of this fold-and-thrust-belt region, the extension resulted in the emplacement of metamorphic core complexes, the 'type example' of which is defined by the Whipple Mountains in southeastern California.
Geology.
The Maria fold-and-thrust-belt is defined as the region where the compression that helped create the North American Cordillera – abruptly changed directions. North of the Maria fold-and-thrust-belt, the mountain ranges trend north-south, with east-west compression due to the subduction of the Farallon slab beneath western North America. At the Maria fold-and-thrust-belt, compressional deformation shifts to being generally north-south, with the front of the mountain ranges being defined by a roughly east-west line. This line then shifts gently to the east-southeast, where the Cordilleran deformation diffuses into a broad shear zone in northeastern Mexico.
Another notable feature that differentiates it from the rest of the Cordillera is that the deformation involves the rocks of the North American craton. Deformation in the remainder of the Cordillera only involves rocks that were part of the near-shore and offshore, sedimentary sequences.
Ecology.
Since soils and climate differ across the Maria fold-and-thrust-belt, this regional geologic structure can be considered a "dividing line" for a number of flora and fauna species. For example, the species range of the endangered California Fan Palm, "Washingtonia filifera" does not extend north of the Maria fold-and-thrust-belt, or more specifically the Turtle Mountains.
Ranges.
The Maria fold-and-thrust-belt comprises a large number of ranges in the south-eastern Mojave and north-western Sonoran deserts, including the:
Regional landforms.
List of some regional landforms. (The ~east-west Bill Williams River appears as part of the central and northern perimeter of the Maria fold-and-thrust-belt, approximately paralleling the Rawhide Mountains, a slight northwest range on west end.)

</doc>
<doc id="19489768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489768" title="Hyde Memorial State Park">
Hyde Memorial State Park

Hyde Memorial State Park is a state park of New Mexico, United States, located northeast of Santa Fe in the Sangre de Cristo Mountains. Summertime activities include hiking and camping, and in the winter the park is popular for tubing on the snow-covered hillsides.

</doc>
<doc id="19489771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489771" title="1981 Winchester 400">
1981 Winchester 400

The 1981 Winchester 400 motor race, the twelfth annual (run yearly since 1970), was held under American Speed Association sanction on October 5, 1981, at the Winchester Speedway, in Indiana (USA).
After years of futility in the biggest even on the ASA yearly calendar, veteran Mike Eddy ended his victory drought in the 1981 Winchester 400. Eddy passed leader Jack Drolema on the 380th circuit and collected $9,940 for his initial win in the fall classic. Eddy’s celebration was marred by the death of ASA Rookie Pat Schauer, who succumbed from injuries suffered in a crash on the front stretch on lap 389 caused by the car hitting a crossover gate.
The race.
Eddy, who entered the event as the ASA point leader, appeared to be on a mission to finally conquer the venerable banks of Winchester. After qualifying second to Mark Martin, Eddy flew into the early lead and paced the field for the initial 38 circuits. Eddy would go on to lead a record 334 of the 400 laps, including the final 121. Despite his domination, the race was not without its moments for Eddy as he cut a tire on lap 164, but he was bailed out of a bad situation when Bob Strait hit the wall two laps later. Another close call occurred on the 213th circuit, when Ken Harrison spun and Eddy narrowly squeezed between him and the wall to avoid being eliminated.
Unlike the previous year, Eddy wasn’t forced to deal with a pesky challenge from Martin in the later stages of the event. Martin, who was running in second place at the time, was eliminated just 30 laps into the race when he couldn’t avoid a spinning Donny Klotz. Five-time winner Bob Senneker also was not a factor after distributor problems plagues the Michigan native near the halfway mark. He would finish 30 laps off the pace in 15th position. Defending race winner Terry Senneker limped home in second after suffering damage in the Schauer incident. Dick Trickle proved to be a strong challenger for Eddy, but a cut tire forced a green-flag pit stop that left the Wisconsin legend three laps off the pace. Following Eddy and T. Senneker across the line were Bruce VanderLaan and Trickle. Drolema Fell to fifth after a front-end vibration forced him to spin late in the race.
The American Speed Association decided following the tragedy that Schauer's name would be placed on the Rookie of the Year title, which took place until the sanctioning body's demise.

</doc>
<doc id="19489774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489774" title="Lake Bonneville (Oregon)">
Lake Bonneville (Oregon)

Lake Bonneville is a reservoir on the Columbia River in the U.S. states of Oregon and Washington. It was created in 1937 with the construction of Bonneville Dam. The reservoir stretches between it and The Dalles Dam, upstream. It lies in parts of three counties in Oregon (Multnomah, Hood River, Wasco) and two in Washington (Skamania, Klickitat).

</doc>
<doc id="19489784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489784" title="Bugembe">
Bugembe

Bugembe is a town in Jinja District, Eastern Uganda. It is the seat of the Kingdom of Busoga, one of the four constitutional mornachies in Uganda, which is coterminus with Busoga sub-region.
Location.
Bugembe is located approximately , by road, northeast of Jinja, the largest city in the sub-region. The town is located on the highway between Jinja and Iganga. The coordinates of Bugembe are:00 28 03N, 33 14 30E (Latitude:0.4675; Longitude:33.2415).
Population.
In 2008, the Uganda Bureau of Statistics (UBOS), estimated the population of the town at 30,600. In 2011, UBOS estimated the mid-year popuulation of Bugembe at 33,100.
Landmarks.
The landmarks within the town limits or near the edges of town include:

</doc>
<doc id="19489789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489789" title="Dietrich Schöneboom">
Dietrich Schöneboom

Dietrich Schöneboom (9 December 1917 – 23 October 1943) was a German U-boat commander in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.

</doc>
<doc id="19489791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489791" title="Paulo Kassoma">
Paulo Kassoma

António Paulo Kassoma (born 6 June 1951) is an Angolan politician. He was named Prime Minister of Angola in September 2008 and remained in office until the new constitution replaced this function in February 2010. Kassoma then served as President of the National Assembly of Angola from 2010 to 2012.
Biography.
Kassoma was born in Rangel municipality, located in Luanda, the capital. His parents, Paulo Kassoma and Laurinda Katuta, were from Bailundo, a town in Huambo Province. He studied electromechanical engineering.
From 1978 to 1979, Kassoma was Deputy Minister of Defense for Weapons and Technology in the government of the Popular Movement for the Liberation of Angola (MPLA). He was later Deputy Minister of Transport and Communication from 1988 to 1989, then Minister of Transport and Communications from 1989 to 1992. He was moved to the post of Minister of Territorial Administration on 9 April 1992.
Kassoma was later the Governor of Huambo Province and First Secretary of the MPLA in Huambo Province. On 11 February 2002, Kassoma offered white farmers in Zimbabwe who lost their farms as a result of that country's land reform the opportunity to resettle on 10,000 hectares of abandoned farmland in Huambo (specifically, in Chipipa) and grow maize. According to Kassoma, this could contribute to Huambo's economic development. At the party's Fifth Ordinary Congress in December 2003, Kassoma was elected to the MPLA Political Bureau.
On 26 September 2008, following the MPLA's victory in the September 2008 parliamentary election, the MPLA Political Bureau chose Kassoma to succeed Fernando da Piedade Dias dos Santos as Prime Minister. In accordance with the Political Bureau's decision, President José Eduardo dos Santos appointed Kassoma as Prime Minister on 30 September 2008; in the same decree, he dismissed Kassoma from his post as Governor of Huambo Province. Kassoma was sworn in by dos Santos at the Presidential Palace in Luanda on the same day. Speaking to the press afterwards, Kassoma said that he would place a priority on accelerating the process of national reconstruction. He said that he was proud of his appointment, while also expressing some sadness about leaving the people of Huambo.
Kassoma's government was appointed on 1 October. There were 35 members of this government, 17 of whom were new to the government.
Under the terms of a new constitution passed by the National Assembly on 21 January 2010, the office of Prime Minister was eliminated. Kassoma was then designated as President of the National Assembly, replacing Fernando da Piedade Dias dos Santos, who was appointed as Vice-President of Angola. Following the 2012 parliamentary election, Piedade was elected to replace Kassoma as President of the National Assembly on 27 September 2012.
On 28 June 2013, Kassoma was designated as Chairman of the Board of Directors of Banco Espírito Santo Angola, a major bank in Angola. He consequently was replaced in his seat in the National Assembly on 18 July 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19489800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489800" title="County of Polwarth">
County of Polwarth

The County of Polwarth is one of the 37 counties of Victoria which are part of the cadastral divisions of Australia, used for land titles. The County is in the Western District of Victoria and includes the Cape Otway area, bounded by the Gellibrand River in the west and the Anglesea River and Barwon River in the east, in the north by a line from Winchelsea, through Colac to Larpent, and by Bass Strait to the south. The largest town is Colac. The County was proclaimed in 1849.
Parishes.
Parishes within the county:

</doc>
<doc id="19489821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489821" title="Illinois Section American Water Works Association">
Illinois Section American Water Works Association

The Illinois Section American Water Works Association (ISAWWA) is part of the national American Water Works Association. Established in 1909, the ISAWWA currently represents over 1770 public water supplies of all sizes. ISAWWA members are administrators, utility operators, professional engineers, contractors, manufacturers, scientists, professors, health professionals, regulators, and ordinary citizens. 
The mission of ISAWWA is the advancement and dissemination of knowledge concerning the practices in the design, construction, operation, and management of water works, and the promotion of public health, safety, welfare.

</doc>
<doc id="19489835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489835" title="Ricki-Lee Coulter discography">
Ricki-Lee Coulter discography

The discography of Australian recording artist Ricki-Lee Coulter consists of three studio albums, one compilation album, fourteen singles, three album appearances and thirteen music videos. Coulter rose to prominence in 2004 after placing seventh in the second season of "Australian Idol". She subsequently signed with independent label Shock Records. Coulter's self-titled debut album was released in October 2005, which debuted at number 30 on the ARIA Albums Chart and only managed to stay in the top fifty for two consecutive weeks. The album produced two top ten singles which were certified gold by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA), "Hell No!" and "Sunshine". Coulter briefly became a member of all-girl pop group Young Divas the following year, before resuming her solo career early in 2007. 
Coulter's second studio album "Brand New Day" was released in August 2007, which peaked at number 37 on the ARIA Albums Chart and was certified gold. The album was preceded by the lead single "Can't Touch It", which peaked at number two on the ARIA Singles Chart and was certified platinum. It also yielded two other top ten singles, "Love Is All Around" and "Can't Sing a Different Song". Coulter's first compilation album "" was released in November 2008 but failed to impact the charts. Its lead single "Wiggle It" peaked at number 11. Coulter was expected to release her third studio album "Hear No, See No, Speak No" in November 2009, but she decided to cancel the album's release due to its first two singles struggling on the charts. The lead single "Don’t Miss You" peaked at number 24, and the second single, the title track, peaked at number 46.
Coulter ended her contract with Shock Records in 2011 and signed with major label EMI. Her third studio album "Fear & Freedom" was released in August 2012, which debuted at number seven and became Coulter's first top ten album. It included the top twenty singles "Raining Diamonds" and "Do It Like That", which were both certified platinum. The latter became Coulter's first song to chart in Japan, where it peaked at number seven on the Japan Hot 100 chart.
Notes.
A ^ Coulter's contribution was recorded live on the second season of "Australian Idol". 

</doc>
<doc id="19489843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489843" title="Beaton Creek">
Beaton Creek

Beaton Creek is a tributary of the Columbia River in the Canadian province of British Columbia.
Course.
Beaton Creek flows generally northwest into Beaton Arm and Upper Arrow Lake, part of the Columbia River.

</doc>
<doc id="19489872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489872" title="Government intervention during the subprime mortgage crisis">
Government intervention during the subprime mortgage crisis

As a consequence of the subprime mortgage crisis, a variety of government bailouts were implemented to stabilize the financial system during late 2007 and early 2008. Governments intervened in the United States and United Kingdom and several other Western European countries, such as Belgium, France, Germany, Ireland, Luxembourg, and the Netherlands. In addition, global reform of the banking industry has been discussed, to reduce speculation. Measures include a supertax on bonuses, and a transaction tax.
United Kingdom.
Northern Rock.
Northern Rock had difficulty finding finance to keep the business going and approached the Bank of England as lender of the last resort on the 12 September 2007. This caused mass concern about the bank's future. The Bank of England and the UK Government both insisted that the bank was secure and would not collapse. However this failed to stop thousands of customers withdrawing around £1billion from their savings. Northern Rock's share price plummeted and intense pressure from the media, political opposition parties and customers of Northern Rock, forced the Government to nationalize it on 17 February 2008 (see Nationalisation of Northern Rock).
Bank rescue package.
Banks that are short of capital can ask to be rescued. The government has used tax payer's money to buy shares in the banks, making them part nationalised. Banks who take the rescue packages may have restrictions on executive pay and dividends to existing shareholders.
Bonus Supertax.
In December 2009, the United Kingdom announced a supertax on banking bonuses, in order to reduce the risk of further crises in the banking sector.
United States.
Bear Stearns.
On March 16, 2008, J.P. Morgan Chase announced that it would buy Bear Stearns for $500 million or $2 a share, those same shares a year earlier were trading at around $150. Later, on March 24, 2008 J.P. Morgan Chase increased the offer to $1.2 billion or $10 a share and five days later the acquisition was approved. In order for deal to go through J.P. Morgan Chase required the Fed to issue a nonrecourse loan of $29 billion to Bear Stearns. This means that the loan is collateralized by mortgage debt and that the government can't go after J.P. Morgan Chase's assets if the mortgage debt collateral becomes insufficient to repay the loan. 
The bailout was taken in part to avoid a potential fire sale of nearly U.S. $210 billion of Bear Stearns' MBS and other assets, which could have caused further devaluation in similar securities across the banking system. Chairman of the Fed, Ben Bernanke, defended the bailout by stating that a Bear Stearns' bankruptcy would have affected the real economy and could have caused a ""chaotic unwinding"" of investments across the US markets.
Independent National Mortgage Corporation (IndyMac).
Before its failure, the Independent National Mortgage Corporation (Indymac) 
was the largest savings and loan association in the Los Angeles area and the seventh largest mortgage originator in the United States. 
The failure of IndyMac Bank on July 11, 2008, was the fourth largest bank failure in United States history, and the second largest failure of a regulated thrift. IndyMac Bank's parent corporation was IndyMac Bancorp until the FDIC seized IndyMac Bank.
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.
The Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae) and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie Mac), two large government-sponsored enterprises, are the two largest single mortgage backing entities in the United States. Between the two corporations, they back nearly half of the $12 trillion mortgages outstanding as of 2008. During the mortgage crises, some in the investment community feared the corporations would run out of capital. Both corporations insisted that they were financially solid, with sufficient capital to continue their businesses, but stock prices in both corporations dropped steadily nonetheless. 
Given their size and key role in the US housing market, it had long been speculated that the US Government would take action to bolster both companies in such a situation. On 30 July 2008, this speculation became reality when President Bush signed the Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008. While analysts disagreed on the financial need for such a bailout, the investor confidence provided by an explicit government show of support was likely needed in any case.
On 5 September 2008, the Treasury Department confirmed that both Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac would be placed into conservatorship with the government taking over management of the pair.
Lehman Brothers, Merrill Lynch & Co. and AIG.
Lehman Brothers and Merrill Lynch.
On September 15, 2008, a day which has been dubbed Meltdown Monday by some News outlets, 
the 94 year-old Merrill Lynch agreed to be acquired by Bank of America for $50 billion. 
Also on that day Lehman Brothers, facing a refusal by the federal government to bail it out, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection. Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson cited moral hazard as a reason for not bailing out Lehman Brothers.
American International Group.
Meanwhile Goldman Sachs and JP Morgan Chase tried but failed to raise $70 billion to lend AIG.
One day later, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York found itself forced to bail out insurance giant AIG by providing an emergency credit liquidity facility of up to $85 billion, 
which will be repaid by selling off assets of the company. 
After concluding that a disorderly failure of AIG could worsen the current financial and economic crisis,
and at the request of AIG, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York intervened, after AIG had demonstrated that it could not obtain financing from any source. The Federal Reserve required a 79.9 percent equity stake as a fee for service and to compensate for the risk of the loan to AIG.
Washington Mutual.
The Seattle based bank holding company Washington Mutual declared bankruptcy on September 26, 2008. The 120 year old company, one of the largest banking institutions in the US West, was driven into bankruptcy by the subprime crises. On the previous day, September 25, 2008, the United States Office of Thrift Supervision (OTS) announced that it closed the holding company's primary operating subsidiary, Washington Mutual Savings Bank, and had placed it into the receivership of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC). The FDIC sold the assets, all deposit accounts, and secured liabilities to JPMorgan Chase, but not unsecured debt or equity obligations. 
Washington Mutual Savings Bank's closure and receivership is the largest U.S. bank failure in history. 
Kerry Killinger, the CEO from 1988 to August 2008, had been fired by the board of directors. Virtually all savings and checking account holders were not affected as the accounts were insured by the FDIC during the collapse, and subsequently transferred in whole to JPMorgan Chase. The holding company, Washington Mutual Inc was left without its major asset and equity investment, its former subsidiary Washington Mutual Savings Bank, and filed for bankruptcty the following day, the 26th.
WaMu's collapse is the largest U.S. bank failure in history.
Wachovia.
Wachovia Corp., the fourth biggest US bank by assets, agreed on September 29, 2008 to divest all of its banking subsidiaries to CitiGroup in an all-stock transaction, scheduled to be consummated by December 31, 2008. The transaction "open bank" was facilitated by the FDIC and with the concurrence of the United States Department of the Treasury, and the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve Bank. The FDIC guaranteed to Citigroup to cover any losses on the Wachovia banking portfolio greater than $42 billion, in exchange for $10 billion in preferred stock.
However, Wachovia was eventually sold to Wells Fargo without government assistance, voiding the Citibank deal.
Emerging plan to bail out financial institutions.
On 19 September 2008, the U.S. government announced a plan to purchase large amounts of illiquid, risky mortgage backed securities from financial institutions, which is estimated to involve at minimum, $700 billion of additional commitments. This plan also included a ban on short-selling of financial stocks. The mortgage market is estimated at $12 trillion with approximately 9.2% of loans either seriously delinquent or in foreclosure through August 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19489878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489878" title="1996 Oakland Raiders season">
1996 Oakland Raiders season

The 1996 Oakland Raiders season was their 37th in the league. They were unable to improve upon their previous season's output of 8–8, winning only seven games. This was the team's third consecutive season in which they failed to qualify for the playoffs.

</doc>
<doc id="19489895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489895" title="Henry Wako Muloki">
Henry Wako Muloki

Kyabazinga Henry Wako Muloki OBE (February 18, 1921 – September 1, 2008) was the Ugandan Kyabazinga of Busoga, the title given to the ruler of the Kingdom of Busoga, the largest traditional kingdom within Uganda. Muloki first became Kyabazinga of Busoga in 1955, a position he held until Ugandan President Milton Obote abolished all traditional institutions and kingdoms within the country in 1966. Muloki regained the title of Kyabazinga on February 11, 1995, after the Ugandan government restored the traditional kingdoms.
Muloki was the oldest surviving traditional ruler in Uganda at the time of his death in 2008 at the age of 87. He was the first recorded sitting Kyabazinga to die in office.
Biography.
Henry Wako Muloki ascended to the throne of the Kingdom of Busoga as Kyabazinga of Busoga (Isebantu Kyabazinga) in 1955 when he was 34 years old. Muloki succeeded the late Sir William Wilberforce Nadiope as Kyabazinga. 
Muloki lost both his traditional title and kingdom in 1966 when the President of Uganda, Milton Obote, abolished all traditional titles and institutions within Uganda. Obote's plan also disbanded the four traditional kingdoms within Uganda, including Muloki's own Kingdom of Busoga.
Muloki regained his title and crown on February 11, 1995, following the restoration of traditional institutions and kingdoms, including the Kingdom of Busoga, by the Ugandan government. Usually, the Kyabazinga is elected from within five of the eleven Busoga royal traditional chiefs to be held for a specific period of time. However, when Muloki was elected Kyabazinga, the chiefs of the Busoga people decided that Muloki should rule for life in recognition of his leadership, life contributions and age.
Muloki was diagnosed with esophageal cancer during the latter part of his reign. He underwent surgery for the disease in Italy in 2007. Muloki was further admitted to Kampala International Hospital in 2008. Shortly before his death, Muloki was hospitalized in India for two weeks. He was so ill that he had to be flown back to Uganda in the country's Gulfstream IV-SP.
Death.
Henry Wako Muloki died at the Mulago Hospital Cancer Institute in Kampala, Uganda, at 4 A.M. on September 1, 2008, at the age of 87. He was survived by his four sons and three daughters, including Princess Rebecca Muloki. His wife, Alice Muloki, the Inhebantu of Busoga, died in November 2005. Two of Muloki's children reside in the United States and United Kingdom.
Muloki's body was taken to the National Assembly of Uganda (Parliament) in Kampala to lie in state. He was then taken to Nakabango palace for a night vigil. Following the Kampala commemorations, a public viewing then took place in Bugembe, the seat of the Kingdom of Busoga. His body was then taken to Muloki's ancestral home in Kaliro District for burial.
Under Busoga law, the sitting Busoga Prime Minister, Wilson Muwereza, who had served as Muloki's prime minister for over six years, and "the heads of the eleven royal chiefs who head clan lines" will run the Kingdom of Busoga following Muloki's death. The Prime Minister and eleven Busoga royal chiefs will jointly choose a successor and elect a new Kyabazinga within 60 to 90 days of Muloki's death.

</doc>
<doc id="19489902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489902" title="Littoral rights">
Littoral rights

In United States law, Littoral rights refers to rights concerning properties that abut an ocean, sea or lake, rather than a river or stream (riparian). Littoral rights are usually concerned with the use and enjoyment of the shore.
An owner whose property abuts tidal waters(i.e oceanfront) owns the land to the mean low water line or 100 rods below mean high water, whichever is less. The land between low water and high water is reserved for the use of the public by state law and is regulated by the state.

</doc>
<doc id="19489912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489912" title="CAW Local 1285">
CAW Local 1285

Canadian Auto Workers Local 1285 was an
amalgamated Local of the Canadian Auto Workers union based in Brampton, Ontario, Canada. It was the largest private sector Union Local in Brampton. The Chrysler Brampton Assembly Plant was the largest unit in the Local.
Workers at Daimler Bus, SKD, Benteler Automotive, Hydro 1, Dana Automotive, T.I. Automotive, Eberspacher, Neilsons Dairy, PL Foods, Tilton, Crosby, Team Industrial, Abednego, Chrysler Parts Distribution, Aramark, and Transalta are also represented.
Among other events, the CAW hosted and managed the Canada pavilion of the Carabram cultural festival.
History.
In 1949 members worked for Nash Motors, a division of the Nash Kelvinator Corporation. The plant was located on Danforth Ave. in Toronto and produced the Nash Rambler. At that time the members belonged to UAW Local 1115. Nash Kelvinator was later bought by American Motors. The first contract between the UAW and AMC occurred in 1956. The line speed was 22 cars per day.
AMC built a plant in Brampton at the corner of Steeles & Kennedy Road and in 1961 began building the Rambler. The line speed was 32 cars per shift. Local 1285 received a separate UAW charter that year on May 12, 1961. Charlie Carr was elected as the 1st President.
Several other workplaces have joined Local 1285 since 1961. Later, the Gremlin was produced.
Terry Gorman was the longest serving President of any CAW Local, elected in 1975, he served 6 terms. Buzz Hargrove was the National Rep in 1975.
Bowing to public pressure, in 1977 AMC hired its first woman assembly line worker, Cecilia Palmer.
The CAW separated from the UAW in 1985. A CAW Charter was issued that year.
What is now known as the Brampton Assembly Plant was built in 1986 by AMC - Renault. Chrysler bought out AMC and acquired both plants in August 1987. The newer, "Bramalea" Plant built the Eagle Premier, and the Dodge Monaco. The line speed was about 250 cars per shift. There was only one shift. There wasn't a lot of work. Layoffs were rampant. The Kennedy Road Plant worked steady producing Jeeps.
The LH vehicles: Dodge Intrepid, Eagle Vision, and Chrysler Concorde were introduced at the "Bramalea" plant in 1992.
The Kennedy Road plant was closed on April 4, 1992.
Local 1285 President, Terry Gorman retired in 1993.
Vince Bailey was elected as President.
The New Yorker, LHS, and later the 300M were Introduced. The Brampton Plant went to 3 shifts under the AWS system. Chrysler became DaimlerChrysler in the fall of 1998.
In 2001, the 3rd shift was eliminated as a part of DaimlerChrysler's financial "Turnaround Plan".
In 2004, the Brampton Assembly Plant started production of the 300C and Dodge Magnum.
In 2005, the third shift was restored and an additional vehicle, "The Dodge Charger", was introduced.
Chrysler was sold to Cerberus in 2007.
In 2008 the 3rd shift was eliminated. Later in the year the Magnum was dropped from the product lineup. The Dodge Challenger was introduced.
Vince Bailey was appointed to a National Staff job in 2008.
Leon Rideout was elected as President of Local 1285 that same year.

</doc>
<doc id="19489931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489931" title="Carl-August Landfermann">
Carl-August Landfermann

Dr.-Ing. Carl-August Landfermann (14 July 1914 in Dortmund – 18 November 2003 in Hagen) was a German chief engineer on a U-boat in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.
Landfermann was stattioned on "U-181" under the command of Wolfgang Lüth when "U-181" made the second longest patrol in U-boat history. When "U-181" returned from this patrol Landfermann received the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross on 27 October 1943 from "Großadmiral" Karl Dönitz, after Lüth had recommended him for the second time.

</doc>
<doc id="19489942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489942" title="Ain Traz">
Ain Traz

The Ain Traz Seminary of the Melkite Greek Catholic Church, located southeast of Beirut, Lebanon, has served various roles during its 200 year history. Given by the El Saad family (originally their residence), it was founded in 1811 by Melkite Patriarch Agapius II Matar, it was first intended as a seminary. After having been looted by the Druze in 1841 and in 1845, it was re-opened in 1870.
After the foundation of the Melkite Seminary of St. Anne at Jerusalem, Ain Traz was no longer used as a seminary. Instead, it was then used for late vocations and for married men preparing for the priesthood. It also served as a monastery and as summer residence for the Melkite patriarch. Starting in 1948 it was also used by Patriarch Maximos IV for the annual meetings of the Melkite Synod of Bishops. became yearly events. Throughout its history the facility hosted several important Melkite councils, such as the legislative synod convened in 1909 by Patriarch Cyril VIII Jaha.
In 1983, during the violence following the Lebanese Civil War, Ain Traz was looted and burned, resulting in the loss of much of the patriarchal library and archives. The new patriarchal summer residence in Rabweh, completed in 1977, replaced Ain Traz. However, Ain Traz has been restored and is once again used for synods. 

</doc>
<doc id="19489954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489954" title="Pilkington Library">
Pilkington Library

The Pilkington Library is the academic library at Loughborough University, situated in the West Park of the university campus at Loughborough, Leicestershire, in the East Midlands of England. It is named after Lord Pilkington, the University's first Chancellor.
Built to an unusual design, the building occupies an unusual site in West Park area of the campus, immediately adjacent to Village Park. Being adjacent to the University's more recent Elvyn Richards Combined Heat and Power plant enables otherwise wasted heat to be used to cool the library building.
The Pilkington opened in 1980 as the main library to the then Loughborough University of Technology, it having previously been located in the Herbert Manzoni building which provided around a quarter of the capacity of the new facility, with the "Fairbairn Library" (the Loughborough College of Art and Design Library before the merger of LCAD - renamed LUSAD post merger - and the University in 1998), located at the far extremity of the campus adjacent to the RNIB College and Loughborough College, closing at a later date when the library stock was re-located to the Pilkington Library.
Architecture.
The building unusually has the floor with the smallest area at the base of the structure, followed by another slightly larger, these first 2 floors being known as Level 1 and Level 2 and primarily holding book stock, Level 3 is slightly larger again and contains the entrance, accessed via a link bridge, a cafe, limited book and periodical stock, a number of administration offices and "Open3" an informal study area. Level 4 contains a University academic department, the Department of Information Science. The 3 Library floors amount to .
For a Library designed and built at a time of major change to the criteria used by the then University Grants Committee the new library was not greatly affected by the Atkinson Report which set out the UGC's new expectations in terms of size, layout and flexibility. The then Librarian, Professor Tony Evans, wrote in an article in the International Association of Technological University Libraries Proceedings that Atkinson's restrictions on collection size were not a problem in an institution with a relatively small book stock and the only difficulties encountered with the UGC arose from the proposal to house the Library School on top of the library building, which were later overcome.
As a result of a story published in Label Magazine (published by the students' union) as an April fools there is an ongoing urban myth that the Library building is sinking due to the weight of the books contained within the building not being taken into account at the design stage, although no such errors or movement have ever occurred.
Collections.
The library over 600,000 books and 90,000 journals housed primarily on its Levels 1 and 2 of the building, which are organised such that the elements of the collection particularly relevant to the University's science and technology students, 500-699 in the Dewey Decimal Classification system, are housed together on Level 1 and the remaining stock primarily arts, humanities, social science and computing are on Level 2.
David Lewis Collection.
The David Lewis collection is named after Dr David Lewis who was Cataloguing Manager in the Library from 1966 to 2004, who formed and managed the collection from items acquired by the University and its predecessors since around 1930, and for whom the collection is now named. Made up of around 3000 books and journals the collection holds items considered in need of secure storage as a result of their age, value, scarcity, physical condition or other factors; it contains a wide range of materials, with the history of town and country planning, history of sport, history of science and engineering, 18th and 19th century English literature, Leicestershire history and topography along with architecture, art and design being particular strengths.
Loughborough University Archives.
Level 1 of the Library also house the University Archives which hold written, photographic and other material relating to the university and its predecessor colleges including official minutes, administrative papers, student enrollment records, prospectuses and other publications. There is a fine series of engineering drawings and photographs dating from the First World War when Loughborough Technical Institute was an Instructional Factory for the Ministry of Munitions.
Among material donated by former staff and students, principal collections include those of Norman Swindin (1880–1976), chemical engineer and Honorary Reader in Chemical Engineering; Dan Maskell (1908–92), tennis player and commentator; Harry Hopthrow (1896–1992), student, soldier and mechanical engineer; and Commander FW Collins (1905–89), athletics coach and organiser of the 1948 Olympic Torch Relay.

</doc>
<doc id="19489961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489961" title="Tim O'Connell">
Tim O'Connell

Tim O'Connell (born October 26, 1953) is a former professional ice hockey forward. He was drafted by the Buffalo Sabres of the National Hockey League in the eighth round, 124th overall, of the 1973 NHL Entry Draft; however, he never played in that league. He played 16 games in the World Hockey Association with the San Diego Mariners in the 1976–77 season.
A standout hockey player at the for the University of Vermont Catamounts from 1972–76, O'Connell ranks third all-time in points 234. He is second all-time in goals scored (99), and third in assists (135).
O'Connell's brother Mike played in the NHL with the Chicago Black Hawks, Detroit Red Wings and Boston Bruins. His father, Tommy, played in the National Football League with the Chicago Bears and Cleveland Browns, as well as in the American Football League with the Buffalo Bills.

</doc>
<doc id="19489973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489973" title="Underdog (Atlanta Rhythm Section album)">
Underdog (Atlanta Rhythm Section album)

Underdog is an album by the Atlanta Rhythm Section, released in 1979 by Polydor Records. It is their first album with the drummer Roy Yeager since the former drummer Robert Nix left the band near the end of 1978. The album reached number 26 on the U.S. "Billboard" 200 albums chart, and was certified gold by the RIAA in June 1979. 
The album contained two songs which reached the top 20 of the "Billboard" Hot 100 singles chart, "Do it or Die" and "Spooky". 
The latter was a re-recording of the 1968 number three hit for Classics IV, a pop rock group whose line up included members who later joined Atlanta Rhythm Section.

</doc>
<doc id="19489975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19489975" title="Jonté Buhl">
Jonté Buhl

Jonté Buhl is a professional Canadian football cornerback free agent, who played four seasons for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League. He played college football at Texas A&M University and originally signed with the Atlanta Falcons of the National Football League.
High school career.
Buhl attended John B. Connally High School in Austin, Texas where he was a high school All-American and played both defense and offense positions. As a senior, he had 60 tackles and 5 interceptions and rushed for 682 yards and 10 touchdowns. In addition to football, he was on the basketball and track teams and was one of the nation's top prep quarter-milers, posting the nation's top indoor 400-meter time (46.77) in 2000.
College career.
Buhl finished his collegiate career at Texas A&M with 144 tackles, three interceptions, 16 knockdowns, two forced fumbles and two fumble recoveries, including a school-record 98-yard fumble return for a touchdown against Texas his senior year. After his senior year, he was named to the 2004 Associated Press Honorable Mention All-Big 12 Team. Buhl's cousin, Detron Smith, also played for the Aggies and later for the Denver Broncos.
Buhl also competed in track for the Aggies, As a freshman, he ran for the indoor 4x400-meter relay that placed seventh at nationals. He placed eighth in the indoor 400 in his first conference meet and improved to sixth at the Big 12 outdoor meet. He was the team's top entry in the 400 with a best time of 48.21 indoors and 47.03 outdoors. After his freshman year, he was named an All-American, but did not compete in track for two years while concentrating on football. Buhl had a successful return to the oval, running on the NCAA champion 1600m relay as a senior.
Professional career.
Buhl was signed as an undrafted free agent by the Atlanta Falcons in 2005. He signed with the Edmonton Eskimos in 2006 and played in 15 games (13 starts) for the Eskimos that year, recording 35 defensive tackles, four special teams tackles, one tackle for a loss, six knockdowns, one interception two forced fumbles and two fumble returns for 19 yards. He was signed by the NFL's Tampa Bay Buccaneers in 2006.
In 2007, Buhl started the first three games of the season before suffering a season-ending injury when he broke his wrist in Winnipeg on July 13. He recorded nine defensive tackles, one forced fumble and a 19-yard interception.
In the 2008 season, Buhl started in all 18 games, recording 18 tackles, four special teams tackles, four knockdowns, four interceptions returned for 46 yards, and one quarterback sack. He also started in both playoff games, compiling a total of two tackles.
Buhl signed a multi-year contract extension with the Eskimos in January 2009, but was released midway through the 2009 Edmonton Eskimos season on September 1, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19490002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490002" title="Battle of Ba'rin">
Battle of Ba'rin

In the Battle of Ba'rin (Mont Ferrand) in 1137, a Crusader force commanded by King Fulk of Jerusalem was scattered and defeated by Zengi, the atabeg of Mosul and Aleppo. This setback resulted in the permanent loss of the Crusader castle of Baarin. 
Background.
When Zengi became ruler of Mosul in 1127 and Aleppo in 1128, the Crusaders were faced with a dangerous opponent. For several years afterward, Zengi gained power at the expense of neighboring Muslim states. By occasionally allying itself with the Latin Kingdom of Jerusalem, the Muslim emirate of Damascus successfully resisted Zengi's efforts to conquer that city. 
Battle.
In early 1137, Zengi invested the castle of Ba'rin, about 10 miles northwest of Homs. When King Fulk marched with his host to raise the siege, his army was attacked and scattered by Zengi's forces. Nothing is known about the battle. The Christian chronicler William of Tyre "gave no tactical information, and neither did the Arab historians." 
After their defeat, Fulk and some of the survivors took refuge in Ba'rin castle, which Zengi surrounded again. "When they ran out of food they ate their horses, and then they were forced to ask for terms." Meanwhile, large numbers of Christian pilgrims had rallied to the army of Byzantine Emperor John II Comnenus, Raymond of Antioch and Joscelin II of Edessa. 
With this host approaching the castle, Zengi suddenly granted Fulk and the other besieged Franks terms. In return for their freedom and evacuation of the castle, a ransom was set at 50000 dinar. The Franks, unaware of the imminent arrival of the large relieving army, accepted Zengi's offer. 
Aftermath.
In April 1137, John Comnenus laid siege to Shaizar but his efforts came to nothing when Zengi relieved the city in May. Ba'rin was never recovered by the Franks.

</doc>
<doc id="19490010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490010" title="1996 Philadelphia Eagles season">
1996 Philadelphia Eagles season

The 1996 Philadelphia Eagles season was their 64th in the league. The team matched their previous output of 10–6, and qualifying for the playoffs.
For the second time in three seasons, the Birds were 7–2 at the nine-game mark, thanks to a thrilling win November 3 on the road against Dallas. The capper to that contest was a combined 104-yard interception return between James Willis and Troy Vincent in the final moments which turned a potential game-winning drive by the Cowboys into a Philadelphia victory.
As in 1994 under Rich Kotite, the Eagles wilted. This time, four losses in five games, including an embarrassing 27-point setback on national TV at Indianapolis, had the club scrambling in the playoff picture. However, wins against the lowly Jets and Cardinals managed to right the ship, and a wild-card berth was the reward.
The 1996 season was also the first season the Eagles debuted the midnight green, white, and black look, with new helmet designs and the logo and endzone font as well.
Off Season.
The Eagles hold training camp for the 1st year at Lehigh University in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, home of the Lehigh Mountain Hawks. This is one of the home of THE RIVALRY, the oldest, continuous, meeting between 2 colleges in football.
The Eagles signed college free agent Hollis Thomas a Defensive Tackle out of Northern Illinois
NFL Draft.
The 1996 NFL Draft was held April 20–21, 1996. No teams elected to claim any players in the supplemental draft that year.
With a 10–6 record in 1995, and tying with 2 other teams, the Eagles would rotate picking between the 23rd pick to the 25th pick in the 7 rounds. They would choose 8 players in the 6 rounds they had picks. The Eagles would take with their 1st pick in the draft, Jermane Mayberry a Tackle out of Texas A&M-Kingsville
Overall 1st pick of the draft was Keyshawn Johnson, a Wide Receiver out of USC taken by the New York Jets
Player Selections.
The table shows the Eagles selections and what picks they had that were traded away and the team that ended up with that pick. It is possible the Eagles' pick ended up with this team via another team that the Eagles made a trade with.
Not shown are acquired picks that the Eagles traded away.

</doc>
<doc id="19490014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490014" title="Hail to the King (Hillsong London album)">
Hail to the King (Hillsong London album)

Hail to the King is the first studio album by Hillsong London. It features thirteen brand new songs led by Worship Pastor Peter Wilson, two of which were co-written with Grammy Award winner Israel Houghton.
It captures the dynamic, life-filled worship with the accompanying live video footage Hail to the King Live Performance DVD available early 2009. A bonus live CD also accompanies the Hail to the King DVD.
According to Peter Wilson (Worship Pastor of Hillsong London), 'This album has captured the heartbeat of our house like never before. It proclaims the message of Jesus and His Church loud and clear...this album clearly states who we are, what we believe and why we do what we do'.

</doc>
<doc id="19490026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490026" title="Jeanne de Montbéliard (15th century)">
Jeanne de Montbéliard (15th century)

Jeanne de Montbéliard (born c. 1400) was the daughter of Henri de Montbéliard Seigneur of Montfaucon.

</doc>
<doc id="19490027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490027" title="Joe McIlvaine">
Joe McIlvaine

Joseph McIlvaine (born in 1947) is a baseball executive and former professional baseball player. 
McIlvaine played in the Detroit Tigers minor league system for 5 seasons. (1969 to 1973) He posted a win-loss record of 16-16 and an ERA of 3.84. During the 1970s, he was a scout in the Baltimore Orioles, California Angels and Milwaukee Brewers organizations. He became the New York Mets scouting director in 1981 and held that position until 1985. He served as the Mets assistant general manager from 1986 to 1990 until he became the general manager of the San Diego Padres in 1991. He stayed in that position until 1993. In August 1993, he was hired to replace Al Harazin as the Mets general manager, and he served as the Mets' general manager until July 1997. He was a special assistant to the Minnesota Twins general manager from 1998-2012. He is now the Special Assistant to the General Manager of the Seattle Mariners.

</doc>
<doc id="19490049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490049" title="Flandreau Santee Sioux Tribe">
Flandreau Santee Sioux Tribe

The Flandreau Santee Sioux Tribe are a federally recognized tribe of Santee Dakota people. Their reservation is the Flandreau Indian Reservation. The tribe are members of the Mdewakantonwan people, one of the sub-tribes of the Isanti (Santee) Dakota originally from central Minnesota. 
In 1934, the Tribe was recognized under the Indian Reorganization Act of 1934. Today the Flandreau Santee Sioux Reservation is located on of land in South Dakota. Notable tribal member Chief Little Crow participated in the Dakota War of 1862.

</doc>
<doc id="19490066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490066" title="Max-Martin Teichert">
Max-Martin Teichert

Max-Martin Teichert (31 January 1915 in Kiel—12 May 1943 in the North Atlantic) was a German U-boat commander in World War II and posthumous recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.
Career.
Teichert joined the "Kriegsmarine" in April 1934. He first served on the torpedo boat "Iltis", and then the destroyer "Z14 Friedrich Ihn". In June 1940 he transferred to the U-boat force, and served as 1.WO (second-in-command) to Herbert Kuppisch aboard the Type VIIC U-boat for two patrols.
In September 1941 he commissioned and completed nine patrols in the Arctic Sea during 1942. He sank three ships, including the naval trawler HMS "Sulla", a staggler of Convoy PQ 13, and seriously damaged the British Town class light cruiser , which was sunk some days later. In December 1942 "U-456" was transferred to "1st U-boat Flotilla", and operated in the northern Atlantic, sinking another four merchant vessels.
Teichert died on 12 May 1943, during his 11th patrol, when "U-456" was lost with all hands in the North Atlantic, in position . The U-boat surfaced after being hit by a Fido homing torpedo dropped by a British Liberator aircraft from No. 86 Squadron RAF. When the O-class destroyer arrived the U-boat dived, but almost certainly immediately sank to the ocean floor.
Summary of career.
Ships attacked.
Max-Martin Teichert as commander of "U-456" sank six merchant ships totalling , damaged another of , and also engaged and damaged the Town class light cruiser .

</doc>
<doc id="19490080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490080" title="My Turn to Eat">
My Turn to Eat

My Turn to Eat is the debut studio album of American rapper Big Kuntry King, released on September 30, 2008 through Grand Hustle and Atlantic Records. The album features guest appearances from T.I., Trey Songz, Lloyd, Young Dro, Ricco Barrino, Lil Duval and includes productions from J.U.S.T.I.C.E. League, Marvelous J and Shawty Redd and others.
The album debuted at #98 on the Billboard 200 with 6,000 copies sold in the first week of its release.
Singles.
"That's Right", released in May 2007, was produced by Grand Hustle production duo Nard & B and features T.I. on the hook. The music video for "That's Right" was released in September 2007. It was shot in front of T.I.'s nightclub, Club Crucial, in Atlanta, Georgia. Comedian Lil Duval along with several Grand Hustle recording artists such as Young Dro, Alfamega and Xtaci make cameo appearances.
"Da Baddest", released in October 2007, was produced by Shawty Redd and features Trey Songz singing the hook. The video for "Da Baddest" was released in August 2008. It was shot in Atlanta, with cameo appearances from T.I., DJ Drama, Maino, B.o.B, and Fantasia.
Neither single charted.

</doc>
<doc id="19490085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490085" title="Hollins Cross">
Hollins Cross

Hollins Cross lies between Mam Tor and Lose Hill on the Great Ridge that separates Castleton and Edale in Derbyshire, England.
Hollins Cross is the lowest point on the ridge and is therefore a popular route taken by walkers wishing either to cross from one side to the other, or to start a walk along the ridge. It was also the traditional route from Castleton to Edale. Coffins from Edale were taken over Hollins Cross to Hope church until a church was constructed in Edale, leading to the nickname of the "coffin road" for this route.
There are three well-used paths on both sides of the ridge leading to Hollins Cross. The path west of Hollins Cross is a gentle climb on a paved path of around one kilometre to the summit of Mam Tor. The path east is slightly more taxing with the initial climb up Back Tor being unpaved and badly eroded. Beyond Back Tor the path continues on to Lose Hill on a paved surface.
Hollins Cross is named for an actual cross which was raised here. This had disappeared by 1905.

</doc>
<doc id="19490086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490086" title="Fort Collier">
Fort Collier

Built by Confederate Lieutenant Collier and Virginia militia with the aid of Federal prisoners, the Fort Collier redoubt guarded the north entrance of Winchester, Virginia on the east side of the Martinsburg Pike. During later Federal occupations, it was known as Battery No. 10. The fort was set on low ground, and generally offered little military advantage, except as a guard post for the pike. LtGen Jubal Early used it as part of his defensive works in the Third Battle of Wincheseter.
Background.
The fort is located on a tract of land acquired by Benjamin Stine from Jacob Baker in 1859. Shortly afterwards the American Civil War began, and extensive defensive preparations were made in the northern Shenandoah Valley. After General Joseph E. Johnston assumed command of Confederate forces centered in Harpers Ferry he quickly decided that Harpers Ferry was indefensible, and to re-center his defensive posture based in Winchester. The Stine farmstead and homesite was located on high ground alongside the valley pike, and made a natural defensive position for the north end of town, and was chosen as the site for the fort by Confederate Engineer Lieutenant Collier and William Henry Chase.
During the war.
1861.
Confederate troops began construction on July 7, 1861, under the orders of a Confederate engineering officer, Lieutenant Collier, assisted by a detachment of Federal prisoners. The supervision of construction may have been under Major William H.C. Whiting, the Chief Engineer for Gen. Johnston, and the fort was occupied by the Army of the Shenandoah during the winter of 1861 into 1862, under the command of General Johnston. It then fell under the Valley District, commanded by MajGen Stonewall Jackson one of three districts under the Department of Northern Virginia. Stonewall Jackson's headquarters was located just south of the fort.
On August 21, 1861, the fort was described in the diary of Harriet H. Griffith:
1862.
Defensive troops occupied the fort during the Romney Expedition in early 1861, but Jackson evacuated Winchester in March 1862 as MajGen Banks invaded the town at the outset of the Valley Campaign. By May, Jackson returned to Winchester and routed all remaining Federal troops on May 25, who chose not to defend the fort during the First Battle of Winchester.
1863.
During the occupation of MajGen Milroy from January to June 1863, Federal troops manned the fort, and listed it under the name of Battery No. 10, making it a part of a series of fortifications in the defensive scheme of Gen. Milroy. As the Second Corps, Army of Northern Virginia under LtGen Ewell routed Milroy on their movement to Gettysburg, they initially bombarded Milroy's command as they holed up in the various Winchester forts, damaging the Stine house on the night of June 15. Early the next morning, Milroy abandoned the fort and Winchester, fleeing north on the pike, with Fort Collier being the last fortification abandoned as his troops marched north toward Martinsburg.
1864.
In September, 1864, the Fort and Winchester again became a base for Confederate operations during LtGen Jubal Early's Valley Campaigns of 1864. MajGen Sheridan advanced on Winchester September 17, forcing Early to made a defensive stand along the north and eastern borders of Winchester on September 19, with Fort Collier as a center piece and anchor of his defensive line, which stretched from Fort Alabama (also known as Star Fort) on the west to a long line of trenches and ramparts to the east and south of Fort Collier to the Berryville Pike. A Federal cavalry charge was made that day during the Third Battle of Winchester composed of 6,000 cavalrymen coming south from Stephenson's Depot. The assault, composed of five brigades lined across the open fields north of town, was the largest charge in the war made by cavalry against infantry.
Three regiments commanded by Colonel George S. Patton, grandfather of the World War II general, were defending the fort and locations, and Colonel Patton was killed during the course of the battle. The Confederate forces in Fort Collier and along the defensive line were overrun and the Fort was captured with no survivors, while Early's forces retreated up the Valley through Winchester, rallied for a short while at Mount Hebron Cemetery, and reconsolidated further south at Fisher's Hill near Strasburg, Virginia.
Modern.
The Fort Collier Civil War Center, Inc. purchased a parcel on April 1, 2002 with the help of a Federal grant, the Civil War Preservation Trust, the County of Frederick, Virginia, and private donations. Events and activities held at the camp include the Fort Collier Kids Civil War History Camp, Civil War Haunting, Shenandoah at War Events, and the Fort Collier Bluegrass Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="19490097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490097" title="Lübecker Yacht-Club">
Lübecker Yacht-Club

Lübecker Yacht-Club ("Lübeck Yacht Club") is a yacht club in Germany. The club is run by two commodores and has four houses.
The oldest one was established in 1920 in Lübeck, one of the former Hanseatic League cities. This building houses the club's youth section and the LYC-Marketing GmbH, a company officially registered by the Yacht Club of Lübeck that runs the projects of the club. There is room for 100 dinghies in its premises as well as the nostalgic 12-footer fleet.
It has three more buildings in nearby Travemünde, a borough of Lübeck located at the mouth of river Trave in Lübeck Bay.
One of these buildings is a restored 1909 boathouse. It houses the club's social section and has a reastaurant that is open to the public. It also has mooring space for visiting yachts as well as facilities for visitors. There is a ferry service to cross the Trave run by the club.
The other one is located at a place called Mövenstein, on the former premises of a 1925 seaside resort. It was obtained by the Yacht Club of Lübeck in 1994 and transformed into a building that houses the catamaran and dinghy fleet of the club. This place has onshore accommodation both for members and guests.
Still there is another building that is a regatta station for the Travemünder Woche, of which the Yacht Club of Lübeck is one of the main organizers.

</doc>
<doc id="19490128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490128" title="Natacha Atlas / Transglobal Underground">
Natacha Atlas / Transglobal Underground

Natacha Atlas / Transglobal Underground is a video album by Belgian singer Natacha Atlas. It was released by Mantra Recordings on 24 May 2005. The video album is a compilation of Atlas' music videos, video filmed with Transglobal Underground, and live performances from Union Chapel in London, England.

</doc>
<doc id="19490145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490145" title="Great Ridge">
Great Ridge

Great Ridge is a ridge separating the vales of Edale and Castleton in Derbyshire, England. It extends for approximately from Mam Tor at the western end of the ridge to Lose Hill at the eastern end, the lowest point being Hollins Cross.
A path runs along the length of the ridge, and is roughly paved to prevent erosion caused by the large number of visitors. The only steep section of the path is Back Tor, just east of Hollins Cross, which may not be suitable for the very infirm.
West of Mam Tor, the high ground continues, slightly changing direction, as Rushup Edge.

</doc>
<doc id="19490153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490153" title="Hurricane Nora (2003)">
Hurricane Nora (2003)

Hurricane Nora was the final of five tropical cyclones to make landfall in the 2003 Pacific hurricane season. The fourteenth named storm and fifth hurricane of the season, Nora developed on October 1 from a tropical wave. It slowly intensified as it moved northwestward, intensifying into a hurricane on October 4. That day, Nora rapidly intensified to its peak of 100 mph (160 km/h), but the larger Hurricane Olaf to its east prevented further strengthening. An approaching trough turned the rapidly weakening system to the east toward Mexico. By October 7, it was downgraded to a tropical depression. Although it no longer met the criteria for being a tropical cyclone, the National Hurricane Center continued issuing advisories due to the cyclone's proximity with land. Nora unexpectedly redeveloped an area of thunderstorms and moved ashore near Mazatlán, Sinaloa on October 9 before dissipating. The depression dropped locally heavy rainfall in western Mexico, but there were no reports of damage. Later, the remnants combined with Olaf and an upper-level low to produce flooding and a tornado in central Texas.
Meteorological history.
The origins of Nora were from a tropical wave that exited the west coast of Africa on September 13. It moved westward across the Atlantic Ocean and Caribbean Sea without developing. The wave axis crossed Central America on September 25, with its convection tracking westward along the southern Mexican coastline. On September 29, the system became better organized when it reached a position about 100 mi (160 km) south of Acapulco. Although upper-level wind shear was only marginally favorable, the National Hurricane Center first noted the potential for tropical cyclogenesis on September 30 over the subsequent few days. This verified on October 1 after the thunderstorms organized enough for the system to be classified as Tropical Depression Fourteen-E. At the time, it was located about 600 mi (975 km) south of the southern tip of the Baja California peninsula.
Upon developing, the depression had a well-defined low-level circulation, and with a ridge to the north, it moved south of due west. Conditions favored further development, including low wind shear and warm water temperatures. The convection gradually organized, and the depression intensified into Tropical Storm Nora early on October 2. Its motion briefly became nearly stationary as Nora rounded the furthest extent of the ridge, although a steady motion to the northwest began on October 3. That day, an eye feature developed in the center of the deep convection, and Nora attained hurricane status early on October 4. Steady intensification continued to winds of 100 mph (160 km/h) by later that day, and favorable conditions were expected to allow the hurricane to reach major hurricane status, or winds of 115 mph (185 km/h). However, Nora did not intensify further, due to unfavorable increased wind shear from the developing Tropical Storm Olaf to its east.
By October 5, the eye of Nora was no longer evident on satellite imagery, which indicated the beginning of a weakening trend. However, a Special Sensor Microwave/Imager observed a small eye that was open to the northwest. The convection became ragged, and on October 6 the winds decreased below hurricane-force. Around the same time, a strong approaching mid-level trough caused Nora to slow and turn to the east. Continued wind shear and the presence of dry air stripped the thunderstorms away from the center, and by October 7 all of the deep convection had dissipated. As a result, it was downgraded to a tropical depression, and Nora weakened to the extent that it barely met the criteria for being a tropical cyclone. The NHC maintained advisories due to the circulation's proximity to western Mexico, as well as the unlikely potential for redeveloping thunderstorms due to its movement over warmer waters. Nora accelerated to the east-northeast and later to the northeast due to the advancing trough. As it approached western Mexico, an area of curved convection unexpectedly developed over the center. Without additional redevelopment, the poorly defined circulation of Nora made landfall near Mazatlán, Sinaloa early on October 9. It dissipated shortly thereafter over the high terrain of western Mexico.
Preparations and impact.
As Nora was expected to move ashore as a tropical depression, the National Hurricane Center did not issue any tropical storm warnings or watches. However, the Servicio Meteorológico Nacional, or Mexico's National Weather Service, issued 46 advisories and 16 caution bulletins on the storm. As the storm moved parallel to the Mexican coastline, it produced high waves. Later, when Nora moved ashore in Sinaloa, it dropped locally heavy rainfall. The peak 24 hour total was 3.75 in (95.3 mm) in Mazatlán, Sinaloa, recorded on October 8. The rainfall maximum for the previous day was 3.43 in (87.0 mm) in Gaviotas, Nayarit. Rainfall from Nora extended was also reported along the Baja California peninsula, and also extended from the coastline northward to near Texas. Its impact was minimal in western Mexico, and there were no reports of damage, deaths, or injuries. 
Moisture from the remnants of Nora and Olaf interacted with an upper-level low to produce heavy rainfall across Texas, producing flooding near Waco that forced a family to evacuate in McGregor. The floodwaters closed portions of Interstate 35, U.S. Route 84, and Texas State Highway 36. The system also spawned a tornado in Sugar Land that damaged four buildings, including a school.
Nora was the final Pacific storm of the season to strike Mexico. The others were hurricanes Ignacio and Marty, and tropical storms Carlos and Olaf.

</doc>
<doc id="19490159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490159" title="Alsatian Goose">
Alsatian Goose

The Alsatian Goose, or L'oie d'Alsace, is a breed of goose developed in the Alsace Region of France. This is a small goose breed used primarily to develop fatty livers by forced feeding. Geese selected for this purpose have shorter legs and wider bodies, allowing development of internal organs, especially the liver. This is the process used for making Pâté de Foie Gras. Geese not deemed usable for this process can be roasted or used for other recipes. 

</doc>
<doc id="19490177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490177" title="Wayne Krenchicki">
Wayne Krenchicki

Wayne Richard Krenchicki (born September 17, 1954) is a former Major League Baseball third baseman. He played all or part of eight seasons in the majors from until . He is currently the manager of the Evansville Otters of the independent Frontier League. He played college baseball at the University of Miami.
Major league career.
Krenchicki was drafted by the Baltimore Orioles with the 7th pick in the first round of the 1976 Major League Baseball Draft. He made his major league debut with the Orioles in June 1979, then spending parts of the next two seasons with them.
Prior to the season, Krenchicki was traded to the Cincinnati Reds for pitcher Paul Moskau. That season, he backed up Johnny Bench at third base for the Reds, batting .283. Midway through , Krenchicki was traded to the Detroit Tigers for pitcher Pat Underwood. His contract was sold back to the Reds after the season.
Over the next two seasons, Krenchicki returned to being the Reds backup at third base, behind Nick Esasky in and Buddy Bell in . He was traded to the Montreal Expos the following offseason, and in he played mostly at first base for the Expos, backing up Andrés Galarraga. After becoming a free agent at the end of the season, Krenchicki did not play in the majors again.
Post-MLB.
In and , Krenchicki played in the Senior Professional Baseball Association. After the league folded, he was brought in by the Milwaukee Brewers organization. From until , Krenchicki served as a minor league manager for the Brewers, in the Arizona Fall League in 1991, then for the Beloit Brewers of the Midwest League for the next three seasons.
Since , Krenchicki has been managing in various independent minor leagues. In , he was hired by the Newark Bears of the Atlantic League. That season, he won his first league championship. He also managed for Newark in 2008. On December 16, 2008, he was named the manager of the Evansville Otters.

</doc>
<doc id="19490190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490190" title="Rehabilitation in Serbia">
Rehabilitation in Serbia

Rehabilitation in Serbia refers to the rehabilitation of people convicted during the Communist Yugoslavian period in Serbia.

</doc>
<doc id="19490200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490200" title="Gammat Jammat">
Gammat Jammat

Gammat Jammat (Devnagari: गम्मत जम्मत) is a comedy Marathi film directed by Sachin released in India in 1987. This movie is famous for the song "Ashwini Ye Na" sung by legendary Bollywood singer-actor Kishore Kumar and for the large-screen debut of actress Varsha Usgaonkar.
Summary.
Gautam(Sachin) & Phalgun(Ashok Saraf) are old friends. The duo need money badly & have no means to get it by the legal way. In desperation, they decide to kidnap Kalpana(Varsha Usgaonkar), the daughter of a wealthy businessman(Shrikant Moghe). All plans are made & the kidnapping is executed nicely. However, the duo is surprised to find that Kalpana's father is not ready to shell even a dime & has already sent a Police Inspector(Satish Shah) to investigate. This, however, is least of their problems when they discover that Kalpana is not a model victim of kidnapping either.

</doc>
<doc id="19490226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490226" title="The Cancer Empire">
The Cancer Empire

The Cancer Empire is the second major label release by Swedish metal band Zonaria and the first to be released on their new label, Century Media Records. It was recorded at Studio Fredman with Fredrik Nordström. Commented singer Simon Berglund:

</doc>
<doc id="19490249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490249" title="Antoine Magnol">
Antoine Magnol

Antoine Magnol (1676 – March 10, 1759) was a French physician and botanist born in Montpellier. He was the son of famed botanist Pierre Magnol (1638–1715), whom he replaced as chair at the University of Montpellier in 1715. Antoine Magnol held this position at Montpellier in an official capacity until his death in 1759.
He is largely known for his posthumous edition of his father's works, which included the 1720 publication of "Novus caracter plantarum". Written works by Antoine Magnol include:

</doc>
<doc id="19490264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490264" title="Beonggeoji">
Beonggeoji

A beonggeoji is a Korean hat worn by military officers in a low class or servants of yangban, aristocrats during the Joseon Dynasty. It is also called "jeonnip" or "byeongnip". It began to be worn in the northwestern region of Korea and was spread to nationwide after Imjin Waeran (1592–1598) and Second Manchu invasion of Korea (1636) occurred.

</doc>
<doc id="19490289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490289" title="Sarkarnama">
Sarkarnama

Sarkarnama () is a Marathi film films logo is like that sarkarnama- belagam rajkarnacha panchnama directed by Shrabani Deodhar released in India in 1998. This movie is famous for the powerful performances from Dilip Prabhavalkar and Yashwant Dutt as political rivals.
Plot.
The film revolves around day to day political issues and how leaders make their money and support.
Ajinkya Dev is a municipal assistant commissioner who is in charge of Mumbai sub area where lots of chall which is in ruined condition and he has issued notice to vacant "Saptatara" which slab and floor are partly collapses but still chall people are not ready to vacant the said apartments and chall owner not responding to it. Ajinkya Dev is not giving up on this issue so chall owner contact CM Yashvant Dutt has strong influence with him as subscriber for the election fund and takes this issue seriously. CM calls Ajikya dev and asks for the "Saptatara" file where all notices and documents are kept and gives him a hand over order to look after civil work in his future daughter in law's village for power supply.
Ajinkya Dev accepts the same and he joins duty at village where he finds some villagers are opposing the same as their ancestral land goes for electric towers and they become jobless meanwhile he heard news that 'Saptatara' colapsed.
He immediately moves to Mumbai where he finds his case file has vanished from CM's office and CM kept the same in his bunglow where his son's marriage is taking place, as news correspondents Ashwini Bhave and Ashutosh Govarikar come to cover the story of same event. Ajinkya Dev asks his fiancee Sukanya Kulkarni to steal the file from CM's house and hand it over to him as he is suspended due to negligence of duties and is under depression so she agrees. While at a photo shoot Ashutosh finds something odd – some labourers are doing odd work such as carrying each other from one place to another and he shows this to Ashwini Bhave but she ignore the same.
Lots of things happen in one night as CM's daughter in law is kidnapped by her boyfriend and Dilip Prabhavalkar, who is the political rival of CM, slaughters sheep near Ganesh mandir to make an issue against CM but Ashutosh has footage of the same which he shows to CM but as reward he kills Ashutosh and Ashvini Bhave takes shock of same Ajinkya Dev find his case file and final end is shown as Mumbai Mantralay scene.

</doc>
<doc id="19490356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490356" title="Big Bend Country">
Big Bend Country

Big Bend Country is a term used in the Canadian province British Columbia to refer to the region around the northernmost bend of the Columbia River, where the river leaves its initial northwestward course along the Rocky Mountain Trench to curve around the northern end of the Selkirk Mountains to head southeast between that range and the Monashee Mountains, which lie to the west. The term is the namesake of the gold rush and associated gold mining district that flourished there in the 19th century. Long known to the indigenous peoples of the region, and in fact raided and at times occupied by the Blackfoot, the Big Bend is traditional territory of the Secwepemc (Shuswap) people, but also claimed by the Ktunaxa. Boat Encampment, near the Big Bend of the Columbia's most northerly point, is the historic site of a long-established fur trading cache and campsite on the annual York Factory Express.
News of gold strikes in the Big Bend Country attracted miners in the fall of 1865, prompting a migration from the Cariboo and other mining districts to the west, via steamboats on Kamloops and Shuswap Lakes, and up the Columbia, also via steamboat, from Washington Territory; a few others came around the Selkirks, down the Columbia from Wild Horse Creek, where there had been another small rush. The mining district was not at the river's bend itself, but nearby on the southward course to the north of today's Revelstoke, along several streams such as Downie Creek, the Goldstream River, French Creek, McCulloch Creek, Carnes Creek, and Gold Creek. The excitement proved to be relatively short-lived and the rush had largely ended by the fall of 1866, with an ongoing exodus through the later 1860s of the few remaining miners began after the easy finds were mined out and the remaining gold was found difficult to extract. By the end of the decade the boom was essentially over.
Long after the gold rush the region remained important as one of the only land routes possible for any wagon road to connect the Pacific Colony with the rest of British North America, and although proposed as the route of an intercolonial wagon road by Governor Douglas such a route was not built until the construction era of the Canadian Pacific Railway in the 1880s. As Canada's transportation infrastructure increased the route around the Big Bend became the route of the main interprovincial highway, the section of said route from Revelstoke to Golden becoming known as the "Big Bend Highway" (opened June 1940). With the routing of the Trans-Canada Highway through the Rogers Pass in 1962, and the construction of Mica and Revelstoke Dams, most of the former settled area of the Big Bend Country - a few small hamlets and farms, as the area was never heavily populated despite its important early role in the province - is under water, though the name Big Bend Highway remains as a reference to British Columbia Provincial Highway 23. Mica Creek is the only settlement of any size in the region, other than in areas close to Revelstoke and Golden.
The Big Bend Country is part of the larger Columbia Country, which includes the Columbia Valley and upper Arrow Lakes.

</doc>
<doc id="19490369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490369" title="Kyaraben">
Kyaraben

, a shortened form of , is a style of elaborately arranged "bento" (Japanese boxed lunch) which features food decorated to look like people, characters from popular media, animals, and plants. Japanese homemakers often spend time devising their families' meals, including their boxed lunches. 
Originally, a decorated bento was intended to interest children in their food and to encourage a wider range of eating habits. It has now evolved to the point where national contests are held.

</doc>
<doc id="19490375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490375" title="Laxman Mane">
Laxman Mane

Laxman Bapu Mane () (born June 1, 1949) is a Marathi writer and a social activist from Maharashtra, India. Mane came to sudden fame after publishing his autobiography "Upara", (An Outsider), in 1980. "Upara" was considered as a milestone is Marathi Dalit literature and received Sahitya Akademi Award in 1981 and Padma Shri in 2009. He is a former member of Maharashtra's legislative council.
Early life.
Mane was born on 1 June 1949 in a small village Somanthali, Phaltan (Maharastra) in a nomadic tribe in India. He wrote his autobiography (Upara) in 1980, for which he received the Sahitya Akadami award in 1981.
After Upara.
His autobiography "Upara" (उपरा) brought to the attention of the public in Maharashtra the problems of nomadic tribes arising out of their social and economic conditions. Under a two-year grant from the Ford Foundation for field work among nomadic tribes in Maharashtra, Mane wrote in 1984 his second book "Band Darwaja" (Closed door, 1984).
Conversion to Buddhism.
Mane converted to Buddhism along with his followers from his community.
He received a Homi Bhabha Fellowship during 1986-88 for his continued social work.
Mane served for some time in the following capacities:
Mane is the president of the "Bhatkya Ani Vimukth Jamati Sanghatana", Maharashtra, and a founder member of the "Yashwantrao Chavan Pratishtan".
Allegations of sexual exploitation.
A case was registered against Mane for allegedly sexually exploiting three women employees of a residential school. He is the working president of the organisation that runs this school. He was accused of having sex with them in return of providing them permanent employment in the establishment, or under threats of transferring the employees to another location. This exploitation took place between 2003 and 2010. Subsequent to the registration of this case, three more women registered similar complaints against him. Mane was absconding since 5 March 2013 the day the first two complaints were filed against him. After rejection of his anticipatory bail plea Mane surrendered to the police on 8 April 2013. On 9 April, Mane was remanded to police custody. Mane has appealed to the state's high court seeking that charges against him be squashed, claiming that he has been falsely implicated. Supriya Sule, Member of Parliament and daughter of India's Union agricultural minister, Sharad Pawar is a co-trustee of the organisation that runs the residential school.

</doc>
<doc id="19490387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490387" title="Ridge Hill Memorial Park">
Ridge Hill Memorial Park

Ridge Hill Memorial Park is a cemetery (60 of which are developed) located in Lorain County, Ohio. Started in 1929. It is affiliated with no faith and non-sectarian.

</doc>
<doc id="19490395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490395" title="Indirect economic effects of the subprime mortgage crisis">
Indirect economic effects of the subprime mortgage crisis

This article is a subordinate article to the subprime mortgage crisis. It covers some of the miscellaneous effects of the crisis in more detail, to preserve the flow of the main page.
Decline in commercial real estate market.
A combination of chachu resulting from the subprime mortgage crisis have led to problems in the commercial real estate market. According to the National Association of Realtors (NAR) there is a slowing in commercial real estate due to the tightening credit and slowing growth, the former a direct result of the subprime mortgage crisis. The NAR's chief economist, Lawrence Yun, said "Although capital remains available for residential loans, the credit crunch is pronounced in commercial lending," adding "Combined with a slowing economy, the lack of credit is curtailing activity in the commercial real estate sectors. As a result, there's been a slowdown in the net absorption of space, which is leading to higher vacancies and more modest rent growth." Patricia Nooney chair of the Realtors Commercial Alliance Committee portrayed the decline as unusual since "transactions are being curtailed not for lack of demand, but for serious challenges in obtaining financing."
Financial companies going bankrupt or being acquired has also been projected to have an impact on commercial real estate with analysts at JP Morgan estimating office vacancies could go up 5 to 7 percent and rents decrease by 20%. The bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers has also been projected to cause a depreciation in the price of commercial real estate fears of the firm liquidating its holdings in commercial real estate have led to other holdings being sold in anticipation. It is also expected the unloading of Lehman's debt and equity pieces of the $22 billion purchase of Archstone could cause a similar action with apartment buildings.
Rise in home-related crime.
There is concern that some homeowners are turning to arson as a way to escape from mortgages they can't or refuse to pay. The FBI reports that arson grew 4% in suburbs and 2.2% in cities from 2005 to 2006. , the 2007 numbers were not yet available.
Effect on municipal bonds and bond insurers.
A secondary cause and effect of the crisis relates to the role of municipal bond "monoline" insurance corporations such as Ambac and MBIA. By insuring municipal bond issues, those bonds achieve higher debt ratings. However, some of these companies also insured CDOs backed by low-rated tranches of subprime mortgage-backed securities, and as default rates on those MBS have risen, the insurers have suffered significant losses. As a result, rating agencies have downgraded several bond insurers—as well as the bonds they insure—some to low speculative grade rating categories.
The downgrades further threaten the bond insurers because they become unable to underwrite new business going forward. The downgrades may also require financial institutions holding the bonds to lower their value or to sell them, as some entities (such as pension funds) are only allowed to hold the highest-grade bonds. The effect of such a devaluation on institutional investors and corporations holding the bonds (including major banks) has been estimated as high as $200 billion. Regulators are taking action to encourage banks to lend the required capital to certain monoline insurers, to avoid such an impact. However, rather than recapitalizing insurance units plagued by exposure to subprime related products, some insurers are focused on moving excess capital to previously dormant units that could continue to underwrite new business.
Effect on jobs in the financial sector.
According to Bloomberg, from July 2007 to March 2008 financial institutions laid off more than 34,000 employees. In April, job cut announcements continued with Citigroup announcing an extra 9,000 layoffs for the remainder of 2008, back in January 2008 Citigroup had already slashed 4,200 positions.
Also in April, Merrill Lynch said that it planned to terminate 2,900 jobs by the end of the year. At Bear Stearns there is fear that half of the 14,000 jobs could be eliminated once JPMorgan Chase completes its acquisition. Also that month, Wachovia cut 500 investment banker positions, Washington Mutual cut its payroll by 3,000 workers and the Financial Times reported that RBS may cut up to 7,000 job positions worldwide. According to the Department of Labor, from August 2007 until August 2008 financial institutions have slashed over 65,400 jobs in the United States.
Effects on Individuals.
Decline in homeowners net worth.
According to the S&P/Case-Shiller housing price index, by November 2007, average U.S. housing prices had fallen approximately 8% from their mid-2006 peak and by June 2008 this was approximately 20%. Sales volume (units) of new homes dropped by 26.4% in 2007 versus the prior year. By January 2008, the inventory of unsold new homes stood at 9.8 months based on December 2007 sales volume, the highest level since 1981.
Housing prices are expected to continue declining until this inventory of surplus homes (excess supply) is reduced to more typical levels. As MBS and CDO valuation is related to the value of the underlying housing collateral, MBS and CDO losses will continue until housing prices stabilize.
As home prices have declined following the rise of home prices caused by speculation and as re-financing standards have tightened, a number of homes have been foreclosed and sit vacant. These vacant homes are often poorly maintained and sometimes attract squatters and/or criminal activity with the result that increasing foreclosures in a neighborhood often serve to further accelerate home price declines in the area. Rents have not fallen as much as home prices with the result that in some affluent neighborhoods homes that were formerly owner occupied are now occupied by renters. In select areas falling home prices along with a decline in the U.S. dollar have encouraged foreigners to buy homes for either occasional use and/or long term investments.
Additional problems are anticipated in the future from the impending retirement of the baby boomer generation. It is believed that a significant proportion of baby boomers are not saving adequately for retirement and were planning on using their increased property value as a "piggy bank" or replacement for a retirement-savings account. This is a departure from the traditional American approach to homes where "people worked toward paying off the family house so they could hand it down to their children".
Minority home ownership.
There is a disproportionate level of foreclosures in some minority neighborhoods. The buyers were more likely to have obtained their loans from subprime lenders. Both legal and illegal immigrants are increasingly in danger of losing their jobs and their homes.
About 46% of Hispanics and 55% of African Americans who obtained mortgages in 2005 got higher-cost loans compared with about 17% of whites and Asians, according to Federal Reserve data. studies indicate they would have qualified for lower-rate loans. "This is a subjective comment. It would be greatly enhanced by a quantitative assessment."
As many as 40% of all subprime mortgages nationwide are held by Hispanics.
In New York City, for example, an analysis by the Furman Center for Real Estate and Urban Policy found that around 30% of subprime loans issued between 2004 and 2006 were made to Hispanics, and 40% of such loans were given to African Americans. Asians received around 10% of subprime loans, as did Whites. Whites and Asians have a lower percentage because they did not need these types of loans. They could prove their income and could actually afford the houses.
Evictions of renters.
Many renters have been evicted from their homes, often without notice, following foreclosures because their landlords had defaulted on loans. According to a January 2008 study by the Mortgage Bankers Association, one out of every seven Maryland homes that lenders began foreclosure proceedings on the preceding summer was not occupied by the owner. Foreclosure voids any lease agreement, and renters have no legal right to continue renting.
In October 2008, responding to a dramatic increase in such evictions since 2006, Tom Dart, the elected Sheriff of Cook County, Illinois, decided to take a stand on the issue. He criticized mortgage companies for failing to fulfill their obligation to identify renters in foreclosed properties, and announced that he was suspending all foreclosure evictions immediately. The Illinois Banker's Association accused Dart of engaging in "vigilantism".
In Boston, MA, the community activist group City Life/Vida Urbana has organized tenants facing eviction because of foreclosure of their property and, in many cases, forestalled or prevented the eviction through protests and legal actions.

</doc>
<doc id="19490399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490399" title="Thorny Hawkes">
Thorny Hawkes

Thorndike Proctor "Thorny" Hawkes (October 15, 1852 – February 2, 1929) was an American Major League Baseball second baseman, who played a total of two seasons in the Majors. 
Hawkes began his career playing for teams in his hometown of Danvers, Massachusetts. He then played for the Lynn Live Oaks and for Manchester of the New England League.
In his first major league season was in for the Troy Trojans. He played 64 games as the team's starting second baseman, and batted .208 in 250 at bats. On July 30, 1879 he set two records by fielding 18 chances without an error and making 12 putouts without an error.
His second was with the Washington Nationals of the short-lived Union Association. He played in 38 games as the team's starting second baseman, and batted .278 in 151 at bats. He finished his career with 102 games played, a .234 batting average, scored 40 runs, ten doubles, and did not hit a home run.
After retiring from baseball, Hawkes worked as a pharmacist and owned a drugstore in Danvers for many years.
Hawkes died at the age of 76 in Danvers and is interred at Holten Street Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="19490407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490407" title="JDQ training camp">
JDQ training camp

Counter-terrorism analysts, and the United Nations, assert that the Jamaat al Dawa al Quran maintained JDQ training camps, or built its bases on former Lashkar-e-Taiba training camps.
According to American counter-terrorism analysts, some Guantanamo captives' continued detention was justified by stayin at, or other association with, a JDQ training camp.
According to a broadcast from the Australian newsmagazine Dateline the JDQ is nominally a charity, but was founded by the founder of the militant group Lashkar-e-Taiba.
The broadcast stated that, following LeT being proscribed by the United Nations, its militant activity was moved to JDQ.
Australian journalists who visited the JDQ's headquarters in 2009 wrote that the headquarters was built on a former LeT training camp.
Allegations used to justify the continued detention of Amir Yakoub Mohammed Al Amir Mahmoud stated he attended, and lived near, a JDQ training camp.
The training camp he was alleged to have attended was outside of Assad-Abad, where he trained on ""AK-47s, M16s, RPGs, 82-mm mortar and an old piece of Soviet artillery."" He was alleged to have lived at the camp for a year, following the Soviets' defeat during the Soviet occupation of Afghanistan, where he ""worked with Abu Ekhlas Al-Masri.""

</doc>
<doc id="19490433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490433" title="Richard Sligh">
Richard Sligh

Richard Ellis Sligh (August 18, 1944 – December 23, 2008) was an American collegiate and professional American football player who played for the American Football League's Oakland Raiders. 
Football career.
Sligh graduate from Newberry High School in Newberry, South Carolina and played college football at North Carolina Central University from 1962 to 1964. 
He was chosen in the 10th round of the 1967 NFL/AFLCommon Draft as a defensive tackle. 
During his time in the league he played in a total of eight games. Sligh was a reserve for the Oakland Raiders in Super Bowl II, when the Raiders fell to the Green Bay Packers. In 1968, he was chosen by the expansion Cincinnati Bengals in the AFL Allocation Draft, but he was waived prior to the regular season.
Height.
At 7 feet tall, Sligh is the tallest player in professional football history. The next tallest are Morris Stroud at 6-10 and Ed "Too Tall" Jones at 6-9.

</doc>
<doc id="19490440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490440" title="John Veitch">
John Veitch

John Veitch may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19490449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490449" title="The Soundstage Sessions">
The Soundstage Sessions

The Soundstage Sessions is the tenth album released by the American singer-songwriter and Fleetwood Mac vocalist Stevie Nicks. Although it is the first live album of Nicks's solo career, it was produced to sound like a studio album.
Album information.
"The Soundstage Sessions" was recorded in October 2007 before an intimate audience at WTTW's Grainger Studio in Chicago, with the set list containing 18 songs. In early 2008, Nicks went to Nashville and entered the studio with director/producer Joe Thomas. In the studio, they added "Nashville strings" and additional vocals to the songs that were to go on the CD. Nicks wanted the CD to sound perfect, and when asked about the project has said "I am as proud of this as anything I’ve ever done in my entire career." The album reached #47 on the Billboard 200 with sales of 13,052 and as of February 2011, the album has sold 46,000 copies. 
A cover of Dave Matthews, "Crash Into Me" was released as the lead single.
Deluxe edition.
Reprise Records released a Deluxe Edition exclusively through the Warner Bros. Records Store, which is called The Soundstage Sessions: Live in Chicago. The Deluxe Edition is a CD/DVD set, and includes new cover art, a lithograph of Nicks, and free mp3 downloads of "Rhiannon" and "The One".
DVD and Blu-ray editions.
The DVD edition of this performance was released by Reprise Records as "Live in Chicago". The Blu-ray edition of this performance has been available exclusively at Sears since December 1, 2008 and features a total of 16 tracks in high-definition. Unfortunately, it does not include the performances of Dreams or the orchestral version of Landslide, both of which are included on the DVD edition.
Personnel.
Main Performers
Production
Musicians
String Section

</doc>
<doc id="19490452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490452" title="Euthymios Saifi">
Euthymios Saifi

Euthymios Michael Saifi (or "Aftimios Sayfi", 1643–1723) was the Melkite Catholic bishop of Tyre and Sidon during the early 18th century. A leading proponent of re-establishing communion between the Orthodox Church of Antioch and the Catholic Church, he is often described as the architect of the Melkite Catholic Church.
Life.
Michael Saifi was born in Damascus in about 1643. He was admitted in the entourage of patriarch Macarios III Zaim and he was schoolmate of Macaire's nephew, the future patriarch Cyril Zaim. Michael Saifi was ordained deacon in 1666, priest shortly later and appointed teacher of the patriarchal school. In 1682 he was consecrated bishop of Tyre and Sidon by Cyril Zaim, who has become patriarch in the meantime. 
Saifi, like many clerics in the patriarchate of Antioch, wanted to formally re-establish ties to the Church of Rome. In December 1683 he openly declared himself in communion with the Roman Catholic Church.
Saifi founded the Basilian Salvatorian congregation and the Melkite Holy Savior Monastery (Deir-el-Moukhales) at Joun near Sidon. with the aim of supporting pastoral and missionary activities by well-educated and celibate Melkite clergy.
Four Melkite bishops of catholic tendencies, who considered unlawful the 1794 agreement about the Patriarchal succession between Cyril Zaim and Athanase Dabbas, urged Saifi to became patriarch. Saifi wrote to Rome that did not allowed him to be proclaimed patriarch, but on 6 December 1701 appointed him Apostolic administrator for all the Catholic faithfuls in the Melkite Church.
Saifi had a very strong missionary zeal who led him to interfere in other dioceses affairs and also in other patriarchates affairs: he clashed with both the Maronite and the Jerusalem patriarchates. 
He and his missionaries promoted not only the full communion with the See of Rome but also many Liturgical Latinisations: different uses in fasting and a review of the liturgical books. These Latinizations were nor wished nor liked by Rome, that condemned them many times (for example by Propaganda Fide in 1723 and formally on 15 March 1729) but spread anyway among some of the Catholic partisans in the Melkite Church.
Charging Saifi of meddling in other patriarchates affairs and of latinisations, in October 1718 the Patriarch Jeremias III of Constantinople ordered him to be deposed and exiled. Patriarch Cyril Zaim of Antioch did not executed this order, but he died shortly later. The succession of Cyril Zaim saw two opponents: Euthimios Saifi himself and the former patriarch Athanasius III Dabbas, who was supported by the Patriarch of Constantinople and who signed the succession's agreements of 1694. Saifi's opposition to Dabbas was also weakened by the Latin Franciscans who always supported Athanasius, and thus Saifi had to renounce. Athanasius Dabbas, in a synod held in Constantinople in 1722, deposed and exiled Saifi to allow some Greek bishop to take possession of his important episcopal See. Saifi, still supported by his faithfuls, was exiled in Adana. He escaped in 1723 returning to Damascus, where he died on 8 October 1723.
One year after his death, through his work, his nephew, Seraphim Tanas, was elected as the Greek Patriarch of Antioch under the name "Cyril VI".

</doc>
<doc id="19490455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490455" title="Point Grey Mini School">
Point Grey Mini School

Point Grey Mini School 
Is a district-wide program in Vancouver, British Columbia, that offers students enriched learning and social experiences in addition to the regular curriculum. Students are still considered part of the Point Grey main school, but take take their core courses in the mini school and elective courses in the main school. The Mini School was founded in 1979. The current head teacher is Mr. John Procyk. The students go on many yearly trips.
Grade 8:
Orientation, Manning winter retreat, and Bamfield Marine Sciences Centre
Grade 9 and 10:
Orientation, Manning winter retreat, and Oregon Shakespeare Festival or Strathcona Provincial Park (alternates every year)
Grade 11:
Orientation, Manning winter retreat
Grade 12:
Orientation, Manning winter retreat

</doc>
<doc id="19490460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490460" title="Thomas Oppermann">
Thomas Oppermann

Thomas Oppermann (born 27 April 1954 in Freckenhorst) is a German politician with the Social Democratic Party (SPD). From 1998-2003, he was the Minister for Science and Culture in the German state of Lower Saxony. He has been the First Secretary of the SPD Parliamentary Group in the Bundestag from November 2007 to December 2013. Currently, he serves as Chairman of the SPD Parliamentary Group.
Life and career.
Oppermann received his abitur diploma from the Goetheschule in Einbeck. Afterwards, he studied Germanics and English studies at Eberhard Karls University in Tübingen. From 1976 to 1978, he worked at Action Reconciliation Service for Peace (ARSP) in the United States. After his return to Germany, he went to law school at Georg August University in Göttingen, finishing in 1986. From then until 1990, he was an administrative court judge in Hannover and later in Braunschweig. From 1988 to 1989, he was the judge at the administrative court in the city of Hann. Münden. Oppermann has three daughters and one son.
Party Membership.
Oppermann has been a member of the (SPD) since 1980 and president of the regional SPD in Göttingen since 1989.
Political career.
Oppermann was a member of the Lower Saxon Landtag from 1990-2005. He was speaker for political law there from 1990-1998. From 2003 to 2005, he was the economic speaker of the state SPD faction. From 2001-2005, he was also a member of the county council in Göttingen. Since 2005, he has been a member of the Bundestag (German parliament). From March 2006 to November 2007, he was speaker of the working group and leader of the SPD delegation on the committee to investigate the secret service ("Geheimdienst-Untersuchungsausschuss"). Thomas Oppermann was elected as the First Parliamentary Secretary of the SPD Parliamentary Group in November 2007. He was subsequently re-elected in 2011 and 2013. Following the German federal election on 22 September 2013, Frank-Walter Steinmeier resigned as Chairman of the SPD Parliamentary Group to serve once again as foreign minister in Angela Merkel's second grand coalition. On 16 December 2013, Oppermann was elected as the new Chairman of the SPD Parliamentary Group. Oppermann also serves on the board of trustees of the Hertie School of Governance.

</doc>
<doc id="19490525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490525" title="K252 pipe">
K252 pipe

K252 pipe is a diamondiferous diatreme in the Buffalo Head Hills kimberlite field of Northern Alberta, Canada. It is thought to have formed about 
85 million years ago when this part of Alberta was volcanically active during the Late Cretaceous period. It contains pyroclastic textures and is intruded into Cenomanian and Albian aged strata.

</doc>
<doc id="19490598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490598" title="Kimberly J. Lee">
Kimberly J. Lee

Kimberly J. Lee, M.D. is a Facial Plastic and Reconstructive Surgeon in Beverly Hills, California specializing in facial plastic surgery. She was spotlighted in the media for operating on Allena Hansen, the woman who was mauled by a bear in Bakersfield and drove herself to seek help and was then airlifted to Ronald Reagan UCLA Hospital. Lee performed major surgical repair to Ms. Hansen's oral and facial wounds, which were described as the forehead hanging off to the side with a visible indentation of the bear's claw in the bone. Lee came to national media attention again when she operated on Victor Benavidez, a construction worker who sustained a nail gun injury in which a 3.25 inch nail penetrated the roof of his mouth to the back of his eye socket. Lee skillfully performed the delicate operation, leaving the patient without any complications.
Born in Mountain View, California, Lee was raised in the Bay Area and graduated as valedictorian from Lynbrook High School in San Jose. She graduated from Stanford University where she majored in biological sciences and won the prestigious Dinkelspiel Award for her "intellectual organizational and leadership skills." She then went on to graduate from Stanford University School of Medicine before moving to Los Angeles for her residency at UCLA, where she also served as chief resident in Head and Neck Surgery. Lee is currently in Beverly Hills and is Clinical Assistant Professor at UCLA and on Medical Staff at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center.
Lee has been quoted in several sources, including "People Magazine", the "Los Angeles Times", and has been televised on "The Doctors", CBS, ABC, NBC, "Inside Edition", MSNBC, and the "Bonnie Hunt Show".

</doc>
<doc id="19490602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490602" title="George Anselevicius">
George Anselevicius

George Anselevicius (June 5, 1923 – October 1, 2008), originally from Lithuania, was an architect in the St. Louis-based architecture and planning practice of Anselevicius and Montgomery (with Roger Montgomery, winning awards for projects in the St. Louis area.

</doc>
<doc id="19490618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490618" title="Brad Troup">
Brad Troup

Brad Troup (born on April 27, 1982 in Las Palmas, Spain) was a South African rugby league footballer who played for the Connecticut Wildcats in the American National Rugby League. His position of choice was winger.
College Rugby.
Troup was a four year member of the Fairfield University Men's Rugby Football Club. He was selected a USA Rugby Collegiate All-American in 2003 and a two-time New England Collegiate All-Star in 2002 and 2003. Troup received his bachelor's degree from Fairfield University in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="19490626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490626" title="Moggridgea tingle">
Moggridgea tingle

Moggridgea tingle, also called the Tingle trapdoor spider is a small, basal spider endemic to the tingle and karri forest of southwestern Australia. This migid was first recorded in the 1990s.
Description.
"Moggridgea tingle" is less than 10 millimetres long, the female carapace length is 2.6 - 3.1 mm. The carapace and legs are black and shiny. 
West Australian species of the Migidae family remained undiscovered until 1990 and were first described and named by Dr Barbara Main in 1991. "M. tingle" was discovered by accident in a laboratory analysis of another arachnid and the bark in which it was living, the spider was noticed when it emerged as the sample was discarded. The specific epithet is derived from the common name 'tingle', the tree from which the bark was taken.
Distribution.
The migid is found at four sites in the Walpole-Nornalup National Park residing in the soil or the bark of a "Eucalyptus" tree, the Red tingle "Eucalyptus jacksonii". The spider's habitat is located within the Tingle and Karri ("Eucalyptus diversicolor") forests of the Warren region, a biodiversity hotspot containing other species of gondwanan heritage. Another species (possibly several) of "Moggridgea" have been, living further south, in the Stirling and Porongurup Ranges. The closest extant relatives of the spider are found at Kangaroo Island, Socotra and in southern Africa.
Ecology.
"M. tingle" is vulnerable to fire and habitat destruction associated with roads. Planning exists to reduce damage to the species habitat during fire management operations such as 'prescribed burns'. It has a status of endangered due to destruction of habitat.

</doc>
<doc id="19490631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490631" title="Trickster (song)">
Trickster (song)

"Trickster" is the 18th single by Japanese singer and voice actress Nana Mizuki. The single contains the opening theme and ending theme for the anime "Rosario + Vampire Capu2". This single holds the highest selling numbers for her first week sales and reached #100 in 2008 Oricon top 100 singles.

</doc>
<doc id="19490636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490636" title="Softronix">
Softronix

Softronix Softronix (pvt) Limited is a software development company in Pakistan providing IT services and developing software products.
History.
Softronix was established in 1996 as a software development company in Multan, Southern Punjab, Pakistan. It was registered (incorporated) with Securities Exchange Commission of Pakistan (SECP) as a private limited organization in 2001. Currently it has 4 shareholders and two directors who manage the operations in Pakistan. 

</doc>
<doc id="19490640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490640" title="The Necessities of Life">
The Necessities of Life

The Necessities of Life (; ᐃᓅᔾᔪᑎᒃᓴᖅ or ᐃᓅᔾᔪᑦᐃᒃᓴᖅ ) is a 2008 film directed by Benoît Pilon. The film was acclaimed by critics and received the Special Grand Prize of Jury of the Montreal World Film Festival. It was also nominated at the Namur International Film Festival and Vancouver International Film Festival. The film was Canada's submission for Best Foreign Language Film at the 81st Academy Awards.
Synopsis.
The film uses the 1950s-era tuberculosis epidemic in the Far North as its starting point. The spread of the disease forced many Inuit to go to various Canadian cities for treatment. Tiivii (Natar Ungalaaq; "") is taken to a sanatorium in Quebec City, from Baffin Island July 1952. Uprooted, far from his loved ones and faced with a completely alien world, he finds himself unable to communicate with anyone. 
When his nurse, Carole (Éveline Gélinas) realizes that Tiivii’s illness is not the most serious threat to his well-being, she arranges to have a young orphan, Kaki (Paul-André Brasseur), transferred to the institution. The boy is also sick, but has experience of both worlds and speaks both languages. By sharing his culture with Kaki and opening it up to others, Tiivii rediscovers his pride and energy. Ultimately, he also rediscovers hope through a plan to adopt Kaki, bring him home and make him part of his family. 
The film also stars Denis Bernard, Louise Marleau, Antoine Bertrand, Guy Thauvette, Luc Proulx and Vincent-Guillaume Otis.

</doc>
<doc id="19490648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490648" title="Edgar George Holt">
Edgar George Holt

Edgar George Holt (27 December 1904 Burnley, Lancashire, England - 11 October 1988 Sydney) was a journalist who served on many well-known Australian newspapers. In 1950, he joined the Liberal Party of Australia "Federal Secretariat" in a public relations role.
Early life.
The Holt family emigrated to Brisbane in 1916. After his initial education at Brisbane High School, he joined the staff of the "Telegraph", and enrolled at the newly introduced "Diploma of Journalism" at University of Queensland. He edited the student newspaper "Galmahra".
Down south.
In September 1929 Holt joined the Melbourne Argus, and later the Melbourne Evening Star until it collapsed. In 1935 Holt joined the Melbourne Herald as a special and leader-writer. In 1940 he joined the Daily Telegraph as a journalist, and rose to be their literary editor. He joined Smith's Weekly in 1944, and was editor from 1947 until 1950 when it ceased publication.
He was heavily involved in Australian Journalists' Association.

</doc>
<doc id="19490651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490651" title="Red Hill Fire Observation Station">
Red Hill Fire Observation Station

The Red Hill Fire Observation Station consists of a fire lookout tower, cabin and pit privy located on the summit of Red Hill, a Catskill Mountain peak in Denning, New York, United States. It is the southernmost fire tower in the Catskill Park.
One of the last state towers built, in 1920, it filled a missing link in the Catskills' forest fire detection network. Except for a few brief periods of closure, observers working for the state conservation agencies manned the tower through 1990, making it the last fire tower closed in the Catskills. The abandoned tower and its views of the region remained a popular destination for local hikers, and it was slated to be torn down in accordance with state policy prohibiting nonessential structures on Forest Preserve land. Preservationists and forest historians campaigned to save and restore it and four other Catskill fire towers, and in the early 21st century they were listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP). Red Hill's observer's cabin, included as part of the listing, is one of the oldest such buildings in New York.
A short trail was constructed to provide access to hikers, since the road used by the observers was later closed by the private landowner. Hikers continue to climb the peak and tower for its views of the Catskill High Peaks to the north.
Property.
The tower is a high steel frame Aermotor structure, anchored by bolts into the exposed bedrock, with a glazed steel cab on top reached by an eight-flight staircase. It is located in a grassy clearing of roughly , just east of the mountain's summit, along a narrow ridge. At the clearing's west end, the upper end of the trail and the mountain's true summit, is the rustic one-room cabin where observers lived during their shifts in the tower. Just to its north is a small wooden privy. Two picnic tables are in the area between the cabin and the tower.
The cabin is a small, one-story, gable-roofed frame building. It is sided with "brainstorm", edge board stained reddish-brown. It has a mortared rubblestone foundation and a covered porch on the south elevation, originally decked in wood but since replaced with concrete. Built in 1931, it is one of the oldest remaining observer's cabins in New York, a rare intact example of the earlier style used by the then-state Conservation Commission.
The tower and cabin are old enough to be considered contributing resources to the NRHP listing. The privy and picnic tables were added later for the convenience of hikers, and are not contributing.
History.
Construction.
The biggest challenge to New York following the establishment of the Forest Preserve in 1885 had been fire control and prevention. Illegal logging operations often disposed of their remaining slash by setting it on fire without remaining to make sure it burned out safely and sparks from the steam locomotives of the region's railroads also caused conflagrations.
In 1889 members of the Balsam Lake Club built the Catskills' first fire tower on the summit of Balsam Lake Mountain; twenty years later, after the fires two drought-plagued summers had taken a heavy toll on the forests, the state's Forest, Fish and Game Commission (FFGC) took it over as part of a new strategy, proven successful in Maine. of putting trained observers in strategically placed towers to spot the first traces of fire and report its location via dedicated telephone lines. The state built its first tower on Greene County's highest peak, Hunter Mountain later in 1909, and within a decade there were several others throughout the range and in the nearby Shawangunks.
In 1919, the Conservation Commission, which the FFGC had become, found that there was still a large area of the southern Catskills, in Sullivan and Ulster counties, poorly served by the existing towers. Red Hill was chosen as the site for a new tower (supposedly after political pressure forced the state to reconsider Sullivan County's Denman Mountain to the south), and early in 1920 a forest ranger brought the disassembled tower up to the summit via horse-drawn wagon. A state crew cut a road through the Dibble farm up from nearby Red Hill Road, strung the telephone line along it, and put up the tower and cabin later that year.
Active use.
The cabin was replaced with the current one in 1931. There were no other changes to the site during its years of use. Former observers spoke fondly of the job, whose only serious risk was lightning strikes on the tower while they were in it, which slightly injured a few of them. Many of them kept busy during idle stretches by maintaining the road and telephone line, and hobbies such as woodcarving. They also entertained hikers and other visitors who came up the road from the Dibble farm. It was sometimes necessary for them to live off the land, harvesting wild plants, particularly leeks, and game in the nearby woods, as the cabin had no electricity. They drew their water from a spring at the base of a small cliff on the mountain's west slope, about from the tower via a short path.
In 1971 the state briefly closed the tower, but it was reopened the next year due to problems with communications in that region. The Dibbles sold their farm in the early 1980s, and the new owner was not as hospitable to hikers, closing it off to all but state access per its easement. Shortly afterward it was closed, as the fire risk to the region had declined since the early 20th century due to the decline of the railroads and logging and the public's greater vigilance in reporting fires. But a renewed period of heavy fires led the state to reopen it in 1987. This time it remained in use until 1990, the last fire tower in the Catskills to be closed.
Preservation and restoration.
George Profous, a forester for what had by then become the state's Department of Environmental Conservation (DEC) wrote in an early 1990s planning document that the aged, deteriorating tower should be dismantled and removed, not only due to its age but because, out of use, it was no longer permitted on state-owned Forest Preserve land, which New York's constitution requires be kept forever wild. Worried residents of Denning and the nearby hamlet of Claryville contacted the Catskill Center for Conservation and Development, a regional advocacy group, to see what they could do to save it, a development Profous had been hoping for. DEC's guidelines governing the use of the Forest Preserve do allow the retention of otherwise incompatible structures within it if they enhance the public's understanding of the Forest Preserve, and many visitors and past observers wrote about how seeing the vastness of the Catskill wildlands at once helped them appreciate the importance of protecting it.
Within a few years, the campaign had gotten all five remaining Catskill fire towers listed on the Forest Fire Lookout Association's Historic Lookout Register and later the NRHP. State grants matched by money raised through local efforts such as bake sales, dances, fundraising drives, raffling of a quilt and T-shirt sales raised enough money to begin restoring the tower and cabin in 1998. Volunteers from the New York-New Jersey Trail Conference extended the path from the tower to the spring into a trail that would remain within state land down the mountain's never-logged northwestern slope to a new trailhead, avoiding the closed road. When all these efforts were complete, in 2000, the Red Hill tower became the first of the restored Catskill fire towers to be reopened to the public.
The tower today.
The tower is located within a discontiguous parcel of the Sundown Wild Forest management unit. The old road still exists, but is now closed even to state use. Access is via the trail, which begins on Dinch Road, an old, rocky dirt road that winds down around the mountain's northwest slope towards the East Branch of the Neversink River. The trail follows yellow plastic markers and vertically up to the tower. Along the way are 10 numbered wooden signs corresponding to listings in an interpretive brochure created by the Red Hill Fire Tower Committee, available at the trail register. They identify plant species found in the area of the markers, many common to Catskill forests.
At the summit, volunteer guides man the tower on weekends with good weather between late June and early October every year. There are guides available to bring visitors to the cab of the Firetower on holiday weekends, including Columbus Day The cab is equipped with paper cutouts identifying the mountains and other landmarks visible within the area of the tower on clear days. This 360-degree panorama is dominated by Peekamoose and Table mountains, southernmost of the Catskill High Peaks, and other features of the Slide Mountain Wilderness Area to the north. To the southeast the view takes in the Shawangunk Ridge and the Hudson Valley beyond. It is possible to see the river itself, as well as New Jersey's highest mountain, High Point, when visibility is at its maximum. The southwest horizon is in Northeastern Pennsylvania's Poconos, the southern extension of the Catskills. Elk Mountain, the highest in Pennsylvania outside of the Alleghenies, can be seen.
The cabin is also open. It is used as an informal museum of fire protection in the Catskills, with wall displays showing how that was accomplished and artifacts within the cabin showing how observers lived. The porch and picnic tables are available for use. Since the summit is below in elevation, camping is permitted year-round.

</doc>
<doc id="19490666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490666" title="Telegraph (Brisbane)">
Telegraph (Brisbane)

The Telegraph was an evening newspaper published in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia. It was first published on 1 October 1872 and its final edition appeared on 5 February 1988. In its day it was recognised as one of the best news pictorial newspapers in the country. Its Pink Sports edition (printed distinctively on pink newsprint and sold on Brisbane streets from about 6pm on Saturdays) was a particularly excellent production produced under tight deadlines. It included results and pictures of Brisbane's Saturday afternoon sports including the results of the last horse race of the day.
History.
In 1871 a group of local businessmen, Robert Armour, J.K. Hardy (M.L.A for Brisbane), John Warde, John Burns, J.D. Heale & J.K. Buchanan formed the Telegraph Newspaper Co. Ltd. The Editor was Theophilus Parsons Pugh, a former editor of the Brisbane Courier and founder of Pugh's Almanac
The first edition of the newspaper had just four pages and a print run of only 200 copies.
In 1963 it moved from its 93 Queen Street premises to its final home in 41 Campbell Street, Bowen Hills (Queensland Newspapers).

</doc>
<doc id="19490692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490692" title="K19 pipe">
K19 pipe

K19 pipe is a diatreme in the southwestern part of the Buffalo Head Hills kimberlite field in Northern Alberta, Canada. It is thought to have formed about 60 million years ago, making it one of the youngest volcanic formations in the Buffalo Head Hills kimberlite field and in Alberta. Unlike many other diatremes in the Buffalo Head Hills kimberlite field, it contains low diamond content.

</doc>
<doc id="19490705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490705" title="MIT Center for Collective Intelligence">
MIT Center for Collective Intelligence

The MIT Center for Collective Intelligence (CCI) is a research center at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, headed by Professor Thomas W. Malone that focuses on the study of collective intelligence. 
The Center for Collective Intelligence brings together faculty from across MIT to conduct researchs on how new communications technologies are changing the way people work together. It involves people from many diverse organizations across MIT including; the MIT Media Lab, the MIT Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, the Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences, the MIT Sloan School of Management, and the Dali Lama Center for 21st Century Ethics and Transformative Values. 
History and mission.
CCI was founded in 2006 by professor Thomas W. Malone. To a great extent, this is a continuation of the research Malone and his colleagues have conducted at the Center for Coordination Science, as well as within initiatives such as "Inventing the Organizations of the 21st Century".
The center's mission is to find novel answers to one basic research motif: "How can people and computers be connected so that—collectively—they act more intelligently than any individuals, groups, or computers have ever done before?'"
In order to answer this question, the researchers conduct three types of research: 
Finally, they also work on developing theories to explain the phenomena of collective-intelligence.
The center is sponsored by several corporates and non-profit organizations.
Members.
Professor Thomas W. Malone is the founder and director of CCI. In addition to Malone, the faculty steering committee includes: 
Professor Randall Davis (Research Director, Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science), Alex (Sandy) Pentland (Toshiba Professor of Media Arts and Science and Director, Human Dynamics Group at the Media Laboratory), and Josh Tenenbaum - Paul E. Newton Associate Professor and Head, Computational Cognitive Science Group (Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences).
The Executive Director of the MIT Center for Collective Intelligence is Dr. Lawrence S. Abeln, who previously was the Director of the MIT Sloan MBA Program.
The advisory board includes Tim Berners-Lee, Jimmy Wales and Alpheus Bingham (former CEO of Innocentive, Inc.).
The center also has an active community of research scientists, students, scholars and other affiliates.

</doc>
<doc id="19490740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490740" title="Glenn E. Coolidge">
Glenn E. Coolidge

Glenn E. Coolidge (December 2, 1902 - September 1962) was a California politician and member of the California State Assembly for the 27th District.
Early life.
Coolidge was born in Cripple Creek, Colorado in 1902 and his family moved to Lindsay, California in 1909. He married Margaret Welch, and worked in real estate and investment. Coolidge was a Republican from Felton, California.
Career.
He was elected to the Assembly on November 4, 1952 and won reelection four times. He was the only candidate for Assembly for the 27th District in each of his elections. Richard J. Dolwig had held the assembly seat before him, and he was succeeded by Leo Ryan.
Coolidge served as chairman of the Assembly's ways and means committee. During his time on the Assembly, Coolidge led the Republican economy bloc's attempts to stop Assemblyman Jesse M. Unruh from pushing through tax increases promoted by the Governor of California. He was active with the Alcoholic Beverage Rehabilitation Commission, whose purpose was to study issues surrounding alcoholism and methods of treatment.
Coolidge was a Delegate to the Republican National Convention from California in 1956 and 1960. In 1956 he was considered by California Governor Goodwin Knight for the position of California State Treasurer after Charles G. Johnson resigned from the position due to health concerns, but A. Ronald Button was chosen for the position.
Coolidge was the Republican candidate for the United States House of Representatives for California's 12th congressional district, and ran against Democrat W.K. Stewart from Carmel. Coolidge died suddenly during his campaign for Congress in September 1962, and Republican Burt L. Talcott was elected. At the time of his death he had a bipartisan following in California state politics.
Glenn Coolidge Drive on the University of California, Santa Cruz campus is named for Coolidge.

</doc>
<doc id="19490744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490744" title="Secretary of State of Arkansas">
Secretary of State of Arkansas

The Secretary of State of Arkansas is one of the elected constitutional officers of the U.S. state of Arkansas.
The current Secretary of State is the Republican Mark Martin, a former member of the Arkansas House of Representatives from Washington County in northwestern Arkansas.
Organization.
The Secretary of State's Office is composed of seven divisions:
Other duties.
The Secretary of State also publishes the state's administrative regulations and the state gazette, the "Arkansas Register".
Officeholders.
Only Democrats were elected to the office of Secretary of State from Reconstruction until the retirement of Charlie Daniels to run for State Auditor in 2010, when the first modern-day Republican to hold the office, Mark Martin, was elected.

</doc>
<doc id="19490748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490748" title="Fulham Island">
Fulham Island

Fulham Island is a privately owned island in south-eastern Australia with an area of . It is part of the Sloping Island Group, lying close to the south-eastern coast of Tasmania around the Tasman and Forestier Peninsulas.
Flora and fauna.
The island has been extensively grazed and the vegetation is dominated by introduced grasses, bracken, boxthorn and some remnant blackwoods.
Recorded breeding seabird species are Little Penguin, Short-tailed Shearwater and Kelp Gull.

</doc>
<doc id="19490790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490790" title="Vikrant Massey">
Vikrant Massey

Vikrant Massey (born April 3, 1987) is an Indian television actor. He is noted for his leading roles in TV series, "Dharam Veer" (2008), "Balika Vadhu" (2009), "Baba Aiso Varr Dhoondo" (2010) and "V The Serial" (2012).
Career.
Massey is also a trained dancer and has worked with Shiamak Davar, and acted as a choreographer on various shows.
He played the role of Shyam Madan Singh in the superhit show "Balika Vadhu" on Colors TV. He starred in Balika Vadhu with his co-star Vibha Anand which became a big success. He later played the lead role in Nikhil Sinha & Rakesh Paswan's "Baba Aiso Varr Dhoondo" on NDTV Imagine as Murli, husband of Bharti. He has also acted in Disney Channel India's "Dhoom Machaao Dhoom", Star Plus's "Kahaan Hoon Main" and the role of Dharam in NDTV Imagine's "Dharam Veer".
Vikrant played as Ayaan Ahmed Khan, one of the lead role in Zee TV's series "Qubool Hai" after replacing Rishabh Sinha.
Massey made his Bollywood debut in Vikramaditya Motwane's "Lootera" (2013), along with Ranveer Singh and Sonakshi Sinha.

</doc>
<doc id="19490792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490792" title="2009 Philadelphia Phillies season">
2009 Philadelphia Phillies season

The Philadelphia Phillies' 2009 season was the 127th season in the history of the franchise. The team, managed by Charlie Manuel, began their sixth season at Citizens Bank Park and defense of their 2008 World Series championship on April 5. After collecting a third straight Eastern Division championship, the Phillies won their second consecutive National League pennant for the first time in franchise history; they were defeated by the New York Yankees in the 2009 World Series.
The Phillies posted a second consecutive winning April to open the season with an 11–9 record, but the month was marred by the death of "legendary" broadcaster Harry Kalas. After opening the month of May against the rival New York Mets, the Phillies met President Barack Obama to celebrate their World Series victory the previous season, and had two rookie pitchers win consecutive starts for the first time since 2007. Starting pitcher Jamie Moyer earned his 250th career win during the month, while first baseman Ryan Howard and outfielder Raúl Ibáñez became the first Phillies teammates to hit 10 home runs in the same month. Echoing their strong run in the middle of the 2008 season, the Phillies compiled a 16–4 record in late May and early June, which was countered by weakness during interleague play in late June.
After the team's largest victory of the season (22–1 over the Cincinnati Reds) in early July, five Phillies—Howard, Ibáñez, second baseman Chase Utley, and outfielders Shane Victorino and Jayson Werth—were selected to the All-Star team. July was the team's best showing of the season, as they compiled their first 20-win month since the 2001 season. The Phillies traded for starting pitcher Cliff Lee at the end of the month to bolster their starting rotation, who won his first five starts with the team, and signed free-agent pitcher Pedro Martínez. In August, Eric Bruntlett turned the first game-ending unassisted triple play in National League history, and the second in team history. The following month, the team clinched its third consecutive division championship on September 30, becoming the first Phillies team to make a third straight playoff appearance since the 1976–1978 Phillies.
Philadelphia defeated the Colorado Rockies in the National League Division Series (NLDS), 3–1, and the Los Angeles Dodgers in the National League Championship Series (NLCS) for the second consecutive year, 4–1. Howard was named the most valuable player of the NLCS. The Phillies were defeated by the Yankees in the World Series, four games to two.
Statistical leaders in batting for the 2009 team included Victorino (batting average, .292), Howard (home runs, 45; runs batted in, 141), and Utley (runs scored, 112). For his season accomplishments, Utley won his fourth consecutive Silver Slugger Award. Pitching leaders included right-handed starting pitcher Joe Blanton (innings pitched, ), left-handed starter (win–loss record, 12–4), and relief pitcher Brad Lidge (saves, 31). Victorino and shortstop Jimmy Rollins also won Rawlings Gold Glove Awards for their play in the field.
Offseason.
Departures.
On November 4, following the World Series, the Phillies released third base coach Steve Smith. Smith had been with the team for two years. The Phillies were expected to have the remaining coaches to return for the 2009 season. However, bench coach Jimy Williams opted not to return to the Phillies for the 2009 season, notifying the team on November 10. Charlie Manuel had expected Williams to return for the 2009 season, and was surprised that he declined. However, Williams left the team on good terms, and Manuel stated that he was welcome to come back to the Phillies if he changed his mind. Left fielder Pat Burrell became a free agent at the end of the 2008 season, signing with the Tampa Bay Rays, whom the Phillies had defeated in the World Series, on January 5. The team did not tender an offer to Burrell following eight seasons. The Phillies also released outfielder So Taguchi on November 5. Taguchi had served as a pinch-hitter for the Phillies in 2008, and also replaced Burrell in left field some games. Eric Bruntlett replaced Taguchi for the latter half of the 2008 season. Relief pitcher Tom Gordon also filed for free agency, ultimately signing with the Arizona Diamondbacks.
Arrivals.
On November 3, the Phillies named Rubén Amaro, Jr. to be the general manager after Pat Gillick retired at the end of a three-year contract. Amaro previously had a long history with the Phillies, serving as a bat boy in the 1980s, a player in the 1990s, and as assistant general manager for the Phillies from 1998 until his appointment as general manager. Gillick remained with the Phillies as an advisor. On November 13, Sam Perlozzo joined the Phillies as third base coach and fielding/infield coach after spending the 2008 season in the same position for the Seattle Mariners. Perlozzo previously served as the third base coach for the New York Mets, the Cincinnati Reds, and as third base coach, bench coach, and manager for the Baltimore Orioles. Another former manager, Pete Mackanin, was named the team's new bench coach on November 21; he had been interim manager for the Reds when Jerry Narron was fired in Cincinnati in 2007. On November 28, the Phillies signed Mike Koplove Koplove, a right-handed relief pitcher, was optioned to the AAA Lehigh Valley IronPigs at the end of spring training. On December 16, Raúl Ibáñez agreed to play left field for the Phillies in a 3-year, $31.5 millon deal. South Korean pitcher Chan Ho Park officially signed a one-year contract to join the Phillies on January 6, after agreeing to a deal in principle in December. Park was originally signed as an insurance policy for the bullpen, as reliever J. C. Romero was assigned a fifty-game suspension after violating the Major League Baseball drug policy, but won the fifth starter's job in Spring Training.
Retentions.
Left-handed reliever Scott Eyre re-signed with the Phillies after becoming a vital part of the bullpen during the stretch run. The Phillies re-signed left-handed starter Jamie Moyer on December 15 after lengthy negotiations. The 46-year-old Moyer was inked to a two-year contract to return to the world champions and kept a key part of the Phillies' postseason rotation intact. The team also avoided salary arbitration with first baseman Ryan Howard's three-year contract.
Injuries.
On November 20, second baseman Chase Utley had hip surgery and was scheduled to be out for four to six months. However, on December 15, Utley said in a press conference that he could be ready for Opening Night. Just under four months later, Utley made his first pre-season game appearance in an intersquad game March 14, and his first appearance in actual game competition the next day against the St. Louis Cardinals. Third baseman Pedro Feliz also had surgery on his back to repair a herniated disc on the same day as Utley. Feliz officially returned to spring training action on March 13. During spring training, starting pitcher Cole Hamels left training camp on March 16 and flew to Philadelphia to have his left elbow examined by Dr. Michael Ciccotti. Hamels felt tightness in between innings and after he was done pitching for the day. "This will obviously set me back a couple of days, and I don’t think that should be a big deal", said Hamels. However, the injury threw his Opening Day start against the Braves into doubt, even though Ciccotti found no structural damage in his arm; Brett Myers was announced as Hamels' replacement to start Opening Night.
Spring training.
On November 13, the Phillies announced their spring training schedule. In addition to their Grapefruit League games, the Phillies played two games against two of the World Baseball Classic teams. The Phillies defeated Team Canada (with Phillie Matt Stairs) on March 4, 9–2, and lost to Team USA (with Jimmy Rollins and Shane Victorino) on March 5, 9–6. The team broke camp April 2 and headed north to play two "On Deck Series" games on April 3 and 4 against the Tampa Bay Rays at Citizens Bank Park; they split the series, winning 3–2 and losing 9–7.
The Phillies finished the 2009 preseason with a record of 13–19, 10 games behind the Grapefruit League-leading New York Yankees. Ryan Howard led all players in Spring Training with 10 home runs. The team set spring training attendance-records for Bright House Field in 2009. They set a single-game record with 10,335 people in attendance on March 15 for a game against the St. Louis Cardinals. The Phillies set the franchise's total spring training attendance record for Bright House Field, with 133,620 attending in 2009.
Regular season.
April.
The Phillies began their 2009 season in front of a sold-out crowd of 44,532 at Citizens Bank Park on April 5, playing against the Atlanta Braves. The Phillies, originally scheduled to play in the afternoon of April 6, earned the distinction of playing the opening game of the entire 2009 Major League Baseball season after winning the 2008 World Series. They lost the opener 4–1 to the division-rival Braves, whose new ace, Derek Lowe, pitched eight shutout innings. The Phillies lost the next game, and were in danger of losing the following night and dropping to 0–3 before scoring eight runs in the bottom of the seventh inning for a 12–11 come-from-behind win. The Phillies lost their first game in Denver, but came from behind again in their next two games to take the second series from the Colorado Rockies. The Phillies defeated the Washington Nationals in the opener of their third series, just hours after the death of Hall of Fame broadcaster Harry Kalas, but lost the third scheduled game of the series after the second was cancelled due to weather. In their series against the San Diego Padres, the Phillies dropped the first two games as well; during the second game, closer Brad Lidge blew his first save in a Phillies uniform, breaking his streak of 47 consecutive saves extending back to the 2007 regular season. The Phillies won the Sunday afternoon matinee against the Padres, 5–4, on a walk-off home run by Ibáñez after trailing the entire game.
The Phillies' offense benefited from rest due to the postponement of the final game of the Padres' series, as they defeated the Milwaukee Brewers in the opener of their mid-week series, 11–4. The next two games did not go as smoothly, as the Phillies were shut out through eight innings in the second game and nearly no-hit by Brewers starter Dave Bush in the third game. Phillies starter Cole Hamels was hit by a line drive in the fourth inning and exited the game; before departing, he had retired nine out of the ten batters he faced. Hitting the road for a series against the division-leading Florida Marlins, the Phillies were shut out through eight innings in the first game of the series, only to score seven runs in the top of the ninth against power-throwing closer Matt Lindstrom, winning the game, 7–3, thanks to Shane Victorino's first career regular season grand slam. The following night's game offered another come-from-behind win for the Phillies, as they trailed in the ninth again to win in extra innings, 6–4, and the 13–2 victory on April 26 capped the team's first series sweep. Hosting Washington for their second series against the Nationals, the Phillies fell behind in the seventh inning before a grand slam by Ibáñez capped their 13–11 victory; combined with Ryan Howard's game-tying grand slam in the fifth inning, this was only the fourth time in Phillies history that teammates hit grand slams in the same game. The Phillies split the remaining two games of the series with Washington, finishing with an April record of 11–9, their second consecutive winning April.
May.
The Phillies opened May against the division-rival New York Mets, losing the opening game of the month, 7–4. Back-to-back walks in the tenth inning of the Saturday afternoon game gave the Phillies their first win of the season over the Mets. After a rainout, the Phillies opened their first series in St. Louis with the Cardinals. They won the first game of the series on Howard's second grand slam in as many weeks after a pitchers' duel between starters Kyle Lohse and Joe Blanton and completed the two-game series sweep with a 10–7 victory on May 5, capped by a Jayson Werth three-run home run and a 4-for-5 performance from Victorino. The Phillies' brief stop in New York was marred by a two-game series sweep; Phillies hitters were shut down by Mets starters Johan Santana and Mike Pelfrey, and closer Francisco Rodríguez recorded saves in both games of the series. The following series was barely better, as the Phillies dropped two games to the Braves.
On May 12, Werth stole four bases, including home plate, tying a Phillies record and leading to a 5–3 win over the Los Angeles Dodgers; however, the series result was the same as the previous one, as the Phillies dropped two games in the set to Los Angeles.
Carrying a .500 winning percentage south from Philadelphia to Washington, the team visited the White House and was congratulated by President Barack Obama for their championship the previous season. The visit had been postponed from April 14 due to Kalas' death. After meeting the President, the Phillies opened the series with a second consecutive extra-inning game, defeating the Nationals in 12 innings. Because pitcher J. A. Happ had to enter Friday night's game in relief, the Phillies called up right-handed starting pitcher Andrew Carpenter from Reading to start the second game of Saturday's doubleheader (a make-up of the postponement from April 15). Carpenter earned his first major league win in the rain-shortened second game after Myers earned the win in the afternoon game. Though Sunday's starter Park only pitched 1 innings, the Phillies swept the series with the Nationals with an 8–6 come-from-behind win, with new call-up Sergio Escalona earning his first major league win. This marked the first time since the 2007 season that rookies had won back-to-back starts for the Phillies (Hamels and Kyle Kendrick). The Phillies took two of three games in each of their next two series with the Cincinnati Reds and the New York Yankees to finish their road trip with an 8–2 record. Though they lost two games against Florida, the final series of the month against Washington resulted in a second straight series sweep, as the Phillies defeated the Nationals in three consecutive games to finish the month with a 17–11 record; the last game of the series was Moyer's 250th career victory. With strong offensive performances in May, Howard and Ibáñez became the first pair of Phillies to hit 10 home runs in the same month.
June.
The month of June saw the continuation of the Phillies' hot streak; from May 15 to June 4, the team compiled a 16–4 record, culminating with a three-game sweep of the Padres on the Phillies' first trip to the West Coast. In that series, rookie Antonio Bastardo made his major league debut, striking out five batters and allowing one earned run in six innings of work to earn his first career victory. Traveling north to Los Angeles for a rematch of the previous year's playoff series, the Phillies managed a split despite the bullpen's struggles. Lidge blew two saves in consecutive nights, taking the loss in the first game and allowing the game-tying home run in the other. The series was bookended by the team's first shutout of the season, a complete game by Hamels, and a second consecutive strong performance from Bastardo, who pitched five innings and allowed only two runs in a game that ended with a final score of 7–2. The final stop on the road trip was Citi Field, where the Phillies faced off against the Mets. All three games were close, with two one-run wins in the series and two extra-inning victories for the Phillies, won by home runs from Utley and Ibáñez on June 10 and 11.
The team's strong stretch did not continue, however, as the Phillies entered the second period of interleague play with five consecutive series against the American League East. While they managed a single win against the Boston Red Sox, it was followed by a six-game losing streak wherein the Phillies were swept by the Toronto Blue Jays and the Baltimore Orioles; Philadelphia was outscored 38–19 over the two series. The team showed promise in the first game of their World Series rematch series with the Tampa Bay Rays, winning 10–1, but were defeated in the last two games of the series and lost a fourth straight game to Toronto on June 26. However, the Phillies were able to exact a modicum of revenge for both their 1993 World Series defeat and the first series sweep by the Jays by winning the last two games. Happ played the role of stopper by pitching his first career complete game shutout, and Moyer followed by earning his 252nd victory in the following game. To close the month, the Phillies lost the opener of their next series with the Braves to finish the month with a 10–16 record.
July.
Struggles continued for the Phillies to open July, as the Braves completed a three-game series sweep in the first two days of the month; however, a face-off with the Mets over the Independence Day weekend revitalized the team's fortunes. The Phillies swept their northern rivals as the Mets managed only three runs in three games. During the series, the team's 2009 All-Stars were announced: Utley and Ibáñez were elected as starters, and Howard was named as a reserve, one of four first basemen selected to the National League squad. It was also announced that Victorino was one of the five "Final Vote" candidates. Though the Phillies had played much better on the road to this point in the season, home-field advantage paid off the next night, as the offense chased Reds starter Johnny Cueto after of an inning by scoring nine runs; the team went on to score 10 in the first inning and 22 in the entire game. Every Phillies starter had at least one hit, Werth hit an eighth-inning grand slam off of Reds infielder Paul Janish, and Rollins and Victorino, at the top of the order, combined to go 7-for-9 with three doubles, a home run, nine runs scored, and five RBIs between them. Though closer Lidge suffered a tough loss on July 7, sacrificing a run in the ninth inning to earn his fourth of the season, the Phillies bounced back with a dramatic ninth-inning win the following night. Victorino hit a walk-off single to drive in Pedro Feliz and solidify his victory in the All-Star Final Vote, which was announced the next day. Werth was named to replace the New York Mets' Carlos Beltrán on the All-Star roster due to injury; Victorino replaced Beltrán as the starter in center field.
After the All-Star break—during which the American League defeated the National League, 4–3—Moyer, Ryan Madson, and J. C. Romero combined for a one-hit, complete-game shutout of the Marlins in the first game back, extending the Phillies' winning streak to six games, and their record to 10–3 in the month of July. The streak was extended to eight straight games as the Phillies swept Florida in three games of the series (one game was postponed due to weather). Happ raised his record to 7–0 on the season with another seven-inning shutout performance. The streak continued as the Phillies opened a series at home against the Chicago Cubs; Chad Durbin earned his first save in 11 months by pitching three scoreless innings of relief. Werth's three-run home run in the 13th inning the next night gave the Phillies a walk-off win for their tenth consecutive, but Chicago ended the season-high streak with a 10–5 defeat on July 22. The Phillies won three of their next four, and bolstered their rotation by trading for Cliff Lee. The 2008 American League Cy Young Award winner came from the Cleveland Indians along with outfielder Ben Francisco on July 29; the Phillies gave up four minor leaguers—catcher Lou Marson, infielders Jason Donald and pitchers Carlos Carrasco and Jason Knapp. Lee and Francisco joined the Phillies in San Francisco after the Phillies' series victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks, and both started the final game in July. Lee pitched a complete-game four-hitter on July 31, allowing one run over nine innings of work. The Phillies finished July with a 20–7 record, their first 20-win month since May 2001.
August.
The Phillies opened the month of August with three straight losses, but the stopper's role again fell to the rookie Happ, who pitched his second shutout of the season—and the second of his career—against the Rockies on August 5. He earned the team's 60th win of the season while allowing four hits and striking out ten batters for the first time in his career. In accordance with his 8–2 record and strong performances, Amaro announced that Happ would remain in the Phillies' starting rotation despite the team's acquisitions of Lee and Pedro Martínez; rumors regarding Happ's status had been rampant since Martínez' signing and during the trade season when Happ was rumored to be the centerpiece of a potential trade for the Blue Jays' Roy Halladay. New pitcher Lee stifled the Rockies the following day to win the series for the Phillies with a second consecutive strong performance, allowing one run over seven innings and allowing only six hits. In the following series with Florida, however, the Phillies struggled. The Marlins swept all three games of the series, which included Victorino's first career ejection on several close calls by umpire Ed Rapuano, and a crucial error by Victorino's center field replacement, Werth, in the final game of the series. Moyer pitched against the Marlins in that game, a team against which he had prior success in his career (13–3, 2.87 ERA in 100 innings pitched), and allowed two earned runs on eleven singles through five innings; however, with a rotation-high 5.47 ERA, the Phillies demoted Moyer to the bullpen to allow Martínez to start. Francisco hit his second Phillies home run against the Cubs on August 11; it came in the 12th inning and scored the game-winning run for the Phillies. It became the first win of a three-game series sweep, which Lee closed out with a third straight dominant performance (eight innings pitched, one run allowed, eight strikeouts). The Phillies took two of three games from the Braves in their next series, and completed a three-game homestand against the Diamondbacks with a complete game from Lee, who carried a no-hitter into the sixth inning, and eight innings of three-run baseball from Blanton.
Martínez faced off against his former club on August 23, with the series tied 1–1. Mets starter Óliver Pérez allowed six runs in the first inning and was pulled in the middle of Martínez' first at-bat, down in the count 3–0. Ángel Pagán led off the Mets' first with an inside-the-park home run after the ball became lodged underneath the outfield wall. Martínez pitched six innings, allowing four runs, but the score was 9–6 by the end of the eighth inning. Lidge allowed another run to score and had runners on first and second, thanks in part to a booted base hit and an error by Eric Bruntlett. The Mets had no outs and Jeff Francoeur was at the plate representing the go-ahead run. Francoeur hit a line drive over the second base bag, where Bruntlett caught it, stepped on second base, and tagged Daniel Murphy coming from first, completing the 15th unassisted triple play in baseball's modern era and the second in Phillies history (Mickey Morandini) in a game called "the league's quirkiest of the season". The Phillies closed the series with a 6–2 win behind Lee's eighth straight victory (seven innings pitched, no earned runs). With a win on August 26, the Phillies claimed victory in the year's series over the Pirates; however, the Bucs won two games in a three-night set wherein the game-winning run was scored in the eighth inning or later each night. Andrew McCutchen hit a game-winning two-run home run off of Lidge in the ninth inning of the opener; Howard hit a game-winning three-run shot for the Phillies in the top of the tenth on August 26 after the Pirates tied it in the ninth on a Brandon Moss home run. Garrett Jones set a Pirates rookie record with his 15th home run off of Happ in the eighth inning of the series finale. The Phillies closed the month by taking two of three games from the Braves. For his 11 home run performance in August, Howard won the National League Player of the Month award.
September.
The Phillies opened the month by taking two of a three-game series against the Giants, besting Jonathan Sánchez, who threw a no-hitter earlier in the 2009 season, and Tim Lincecum, who won the 2008 NL Cy Young Award. This was followed by a trip to Texas for a four-game series against the Houston Astros; the Phillies were unable to muster much offense during the series and were swept. On September 8, in the first game of the series against the Washington Nationals, Ibañez and Utley each hit their 30th home runs of the season, making them members of the 12th quartet of teammates in major league history to each reach 30 in a single season, joining Howard and Werth. The Phillies offense backed Lee to his sixth win the following night, with Madson earning his second consecutive save after assuming the "de facto" closer's role from Lidge. However, the Phillies could not overcome a pair of three-run home runs by Adam Dunn and Ian Desmond to secure the sweep in the last game of the series, despite Stairs' grand slam; it was their third loss of the season to Washington in fifteen games. The Mets came to Philadelphia for their last series of the season, which began on September 11. The Phillies won game one, 4–2, but the Mets came from behind in the second game of the series, scoring five runs in the final two innings to win 10–9. Making up a postponed game from earlier in the season, the Phillies won the first game of a day-night doubleheader behind Kyle Kendrick's first major league victory in 13 months. Eight shutout innings from Martínez in the nightcap gave the Phillies a 1–0 win, a 3–1 win in the 4-game set, and a 12–6 win in the season series. Martínez' eight innings also began a streak of 26 consecutive scoreless innings by Phillies pitchers: Madson followed with a scoreless ninth for his eighth save of the season; Cliff Lee pitched a complete game shutout against the Nationals the following night; and Blanton, Park, and Madson combined for eight scoreless innings against Washington on September 16 until Tyler Walker allowed a run in the top of the ninth inning, an RBI single by Willie Harris which scored Justin Maxwell. Hamels closed out the series with a strong performance, perfect through his first five innings and finishing with one run allowed in eight; with their 15th win over the Nationals, the Phillies matched their best season record against the franchise, set against the 1976 Montréal Expos.
The Phillies continued to Atlanta, where they took two of three from the Braves, with Kendrick's second win and Lidge's 30th save in the first game of the series. Martínez was outdueled by Javier Vázquez in the second game of the series, but the Phillies avoided a loss by defeating the Braves, 4–2, on September 20. A doubleheader followed against the Marlins; the Phillies won game one, while the Marlins won game two. In the rubber game, Lidge blew his 11th save after a rain delay to give the Marlins a series victory, keeping the team's number to clinch the division at five. The Phillies and the Brewers split the next series at two games each, with Philadelphia winning the first and last game of the series. The Phillies returned to Citizens Bank Park for their final homestand to close out the season, opening with a fifth consecutive loss to the Astros. However, the Phillies broke the streak with a 7–4 win on September 29, thanks to a Feliz grand slam. The following night, the Phillies clinched their third consecutive division title with a 10–3 win over Houston, guaranteeing a split in the series and a playoff berth, and tying the franchise record for consecutive division titles set by Danny Ozark's teams from 1976 to 1978. After the clinching game, the Phillies rested most of their regular starters, six of whom had started over 150 games during the season; they lost four straight games while the regulars regained their strength, but won the final game of the season in extra innings as Paul Hoover hit a walk-off single in the bottom of the 10th inning. The Phillies finished with a record of 93 wins and 69 losses, one game better than their record in the previous season.
Roster.
"All players who made an appearance for the Phillies during 2009 are included."
Postseason.
National League Division Series.
The Phillies, as the No. 2 seed in the National League, faced off against the wild card Colorado Rockies in the first round of the playoffs. Cliff Lee pitched a complete game in the opener of the series, shutting out the Rockies through innings before allowing a single run in the ninth. He threw 113 pitches in the game, in addition to getting a hit and a stolen base in his first postseason start. The Rockies evened the series in the second game, as Cole Hamels left the stadium early to be with his wife, who went into labor with their first child. The Phillies staged comebacks twice to bring them within a run of tying the game, but could not close the door as Huston Street saved the game for Aaron Cook.
After Charlie Manuel named Pedro Martínez his Game 3 starter, the game was postponed a day due to the weather forecast of snow and record-low temperatures. The postponement prompted Manuel to change his plans, naming rookie left-hander J. A. Happ the new starter for the game. Happ pitched three innings, allowing three runs, but Manuel brought Joe Blanton out of the bullpen, who pitched innings and allowed only one run. Brad Lidge, after 11 blown saves during the regular season, preserved the win for the Phillies, a 6–5 victory. In a back-and-forth affair, the Phillies and Rockies traded leads through Game 4 at Coors Field, but the Phillies scored three runs in the top of the ninth to win by one run. Combined with the sweeps in the other three Division Series, 2009 became the first year since the implementation of the wild card in 1995 that all four Championship Series berths were clinched on the road.
National League Championship Series.
The Los Angeles Dodgers were the National League's No. 1 seed by virtue of the best record entering the playoffs; thus, the Phillies traveled to Chavez Ravine for the opener of the playoffs' second round, the fifth postseason meeting between the two clubs. James Loney opened the scoring for the Dodgers with a solo home run in the bottom of the second inning, but the Phillies answered back with a five-run fifth inning, chasing starter Clayton Kershaw. Manny Ramírez' two-run home run in the bottom of the inning made the score 5–4, but Raúl Ibañez followed with a three-run home run in the top of the eighth. Lidge, appearing in his third consecutive postseason game, notched his third consecutive save. Martínez started the second game for the Phillies, throwing 7 scoreless innings on 87 pitches. After his departure, the Phillies used five bullpen pitchers to get three outs in the eighth inning; those pitchers allowed three hits and two walks, allowing two runs to score. Jonathan Broxton saved the second game for the Dodgers, as Los Angeles won, 2–1.
The series moved to Philadelphia for the third game, and the Phillies capitalized on their home crowd immediately, scoring four runs in the first inning of the game. Lee continued his "superb" postseason performance with an eight-inning shutout performance, allowing three singles and a stolen base. Lee and his batterymate Ruiz had higher offensive production in Game 3 (three hits in six at-bats, three runs scored, one run batted in) than the entire Dodger lineup (three hits in twenty-seven at bats, no runs scored). The Phillies won the game, 11–0. In Game 4, Howard continued to slug, hitting a two-run home run off of former-Phillie Randy Wolf in the first inning; with the run batted in, he tied Lou Gehrig's Major League record of eight consecutive postseason games with an RBI. The Dodgers came back to score two runs on a defensive miscue in the fourth inning, adding one run in the fifth on a Matt Kemp home run and one in the sixth on a Casey Blake single. The Phillies got one back in the bottom of the sixth on a Victorino triple and a single by Utley, but were held scoreless until the bottom of the ninth. Los Angeles closer Broxton entered the game in the bottom of the eighth—after George Sherrill allowed two runners to reach base—and coaxed Werth to fly out. Broxton returned to the mound in the bottom of the ninth, inducing a ground ball from Ibáñez before walking Matt Stairs and hitting Ruiz. Greg Dobbs pinch-hit for the pitcher's spot, lining out to third base. With two outs and two runners aboard, Jimmy Rollins hit a fastball to the right-center field gap, scoring Eric Bruntlett (who had pinch-run) and Ruiz. In the fifth game, the Phillies hit four home runs, including two by Jayson Werth, as Hamels allowed three runs in his second start of the series. The Phillies bullpen pitched innings in the game, allowing only one run as Philadelphia defeated Los Angeles, 10–4. The win clinched the Phillies' first consecutive National League pennants in franchise history, and the first back-to-back World Series appearances by a National League franchise since the Atlanta Braves in 1995 and 1996. Howard was named the MVP of the National League Championship Series.
World Series.
The Phillies played the New York Yankees in a three-game series over the Memorial Day weekend during the regular season in May. Rollins, a wikt:harbringer, said:
How great would that be? A World Series here, us against the Yankees?… We've proved we can put on a pretty good show.
The Yankees defeated the Phillies, four games to two, to win the franchise's record 27th World Series championship. The Yankees had home field advantage for the series, due to an American League victory in the 2009 All-Star Game. In addition to the 27th championship for New York, several records were tied, extended, or broken during the Series, including postseason wins (Andy Pettitte with 18), home runs in a World Series (Utley with 5), strikeouts by a batter in a World Series (Howard with 13), World Series saves (Mariano Rivera with 11), and RBI in a single World Series game (Hideki Matsui with 6).
Game 1.
The two previous years' American League Cy Young Award winners started the game: CC Sabathia, for the Yankees; and Lee, for the Phillies. Sabathia, who had been 3–0 in the postseason to date, pitched seven innings and allowed two earned runs on four hits; Lee, however, pitched a complete game and allowed no earned runs to go the distance for the second time during the 2009 postseason. The Phillies offense was paced by Utley, who walked in the first inning to set a record of 26 consecutive postseason games reaching base, and hit solo home runs in the third and sixth innings. Philadelphia led 2–0 until the eighth inning, when an Ibáñez single scored Rollins and Victorino, and added two more runs in the top of the ninth inning on a Victorino single and a Howard double. The Phillies allowed an unearned run in the bottom of the ninth when Rollins committed a throwing error, tossing the ball past Howard at first base and into the Yankee dugout.
Game 2.
The Phillies scored first for the second game in a row in the second inning; Raúl Ibáñez hit a ground rule double, and a Matt Stairs single off of A. J. Burnett drove him in. It was the only run allowed by the New York pitching staff. Mark Teixeira tied the game with a solo home run in the fourth inning, and Hideki Matsui broke the tie in the sixth with another, giving the Yankees their first lead. Chan Ho Park allowed an RBI single to Jorge Posada after Martínez put two baserunners on in the top of the seventh. Burnett departed after seven innings, replaced by Mariano Rivera in the eighth. The Phillies put two runners on with a walk to Jimmy Rollins and a single by Shane Victorino with one out in the eighth. However, Chase Utley grounded into an inning-ending double play ending on a close play at first base that drew controversy. Rivera completed the ninth inning for his 38th postseason save.
Game 3.
After an 80-minute rain delay, the Phillies scored first in the second inning with Jayson Werth's lead-off home run followed by a bases-loaded walk and a sacrifice fly. In the fourth inning, Alex Rodriguez hit a ball down the right field line, which struck a camera at the fence and was ruled a home run after review. Nick Swisher opened the top of the fifth inning with a double and scored on a single to center field by Andy Pettitte. Jeter followed with a single, and both he and Pettite were driven in by a Johnny Damon double. J. A. Happ replaced Hamels and allowed a solo home run to Swisher in the sixth inning. Werth answered with a second home run of the game leading off the bottom of the sixth. Mariano Rivera recorded his 38th career postseason save to close out the Yankees' second consecutive win.
Game 4.
The Yankees opened the scoring in the first inning with two runs, but the Phillies answered with back-to-back doubles by Shane Victorino and Chase Utley in the bottom of the inning. The Phillies tied the game in the bottom of the fourth as Ryan Howard singled, stole second, and scored on a single by Pedro Feliz. Replays showed that Howard did not touch home plate as he slid across; however, the Yankees did not appeal. Swisher led off the fifth inning with a walk, scoring on a single by Derek Jeter, and Melky Cabrera scored on a single by Damon. Park relieved Blanton in the seventh and held the Yankees scoreless. Chase Utley hit his third home run of the series in the bottom of the seventh with two outs. Dámaso Marte struck out Howard to end the inning. After a game-tying home run by Feliz, Lidge entered the game in the ninth and gave up a two-out single to Damon. With Teixeira batting, Damon stole second and advanced to third as the base was uncovered due to the pull shift against Teixeira. Rodriguez put the Yankees ahead with a double to left field, scoring Damon. Posada added to that lead with a single which scored Teixeira, who had singled, and Rodriguez. Mariano Rivera entered in the bottom of the ninth and notched his second save of the series.
Game 5.
The Yankees scored first for the second straight game, but Utley gave the lead back to Philadelphia on a three-run home run. Werth and Ibáñez drove in Utley and Howard in the third inning, which chased the starter, Burnett. David Robertson allowed another run to score on a Carlos Ruiz groundout. Eric Hinske, who entered as a pinch-hitter, scored on a ground out by Johnny Damon. Utley tied Reggie Jackson's record for most home runs in a World Series with a solo home run in the seventh inning, his fifth of the series. Howard struck out for the 12th time in the series, tying Willie Wilson's 1980 record for most strikeouts in a World Series. Ibáñez hit a solo home run to chase pitcher Phil Coke. After being hit in the hand in the first inning, Victorino was replaced defensively in the eighth inning by Ben Francisco. Lee left the game after allowing two runs to score, and Park gave up a sacrifice fly to Robinson Canó to add another earned run to Lee's line. Ryan Madson entered in the ninth to close the game, allowing one run on a double play but earning his first career World Series save.
Game 6.
The Yankees scored first when Matsui hit a two-run home run with Rodriguez on base after a walk. The Phillies responded with a triple by Ruiz, who scored on a sacrifice fly by Rollins in the top of the third inning. Matsui added to the Yankee lead with a bases-loaded single in the bottom of the inning, scoring Jeter and Damon. Martínez was relieved after four innings by Durbin, who allowed a ground rule double to Jeter, who later scored on a Teixeira single. Durbin hit Rodriguez and was relieved by Happ after recording one out. Happ allowed a two-run double to Matsui, his fifth and sixth RBI of the game which tied a World Series record for most RBI in a single game set by Bobby Richardson in the 1960 World Series.
In the sixth inning, Howard's home run following a walk issued to Utley brought the game to 7–3. After Ibáñez hit a double into right field, Joba Chamberlain relieved Pettitte, allowing no further runs in the inning. In the top of the eighth inning, Dámaso Marte struck out Howard, which set a new World Series record for most strikeouts by a batter in a single series (13). After the strikeout, Marte was relieved by Rivera in a non-save situation, who allowed one hit and one walk before closing out the game and the Yankees' 27th championship.
Awards.
The 2009 Phillies captured the Warren C. Giles Trophy, as winners of the National League pennant. "Baseball America" named the Phillies as its Organization of the Year. The Philadelphia Sports Writers Association named the Phillies its "Team of the Year".
Individual awards were won by Rollins, who won a third straight Rawlings Gold Glove Award at shortstop, Victorino, who won a second Gold Glove in the outfield; Utley, who won his fourth consecutive Silver Slugger Award at second base; Werth, who was named the "This Year in Baseball Awards" Unsung Player of the Year, and Howard, who was named the Most Valuable Player of the National League Championship Series. Happ was named the "Players Choice Awards" NL Outstanding Rookie by his fellow players and the "This Year in Baseball Awards" Rookie of the Year. He also received the "Sporting News" NL Rookie of the Year Award and was named to the "Baseball America" All-Rookie Team (as one of five pitchers) and the Topps All-Star Rookie team (as the left-handed pitcher).
The Philadelphia chapter of the Baseball Writers' Association of America (BBWAA) presented its annual franchise awards to Ryan Howard ("Mike Schmidt Most Valuable Player Award"), J.A. Happ ("Steve Carlton Most Valuable Pitcher Award"), Jamie Moyer ("Dallas Green Special Achievement Award"), and Brad Lidge ("Tug McGraw Good Guy Award").
Ruben Amaro, Jr., was named the "This Year in Baseball Awards" Executive of the Year and the Philadelphia Sports Writers Association Executive of the Year. He was also inducted into the Philadelphia Jewish Sports Hall of Fame.
The Phillie Phanatic was awarded the "Great Friend to Kids" Award by the Please Touch Museum (the Children's Museum of Philadelphia).
On December 9, 2009, "Sports Illustrated" named Chase Utley as the second baseman on its MLB All-Decade Team. On December 22, "Sports Illustrated" named Pat Gillick as number 7 on its list of the Top 10 GMs/Executives of the Decade (in all sports).
Regular season player statistics.
"All statistics are current through the 2009 regular season."
Batting.
"Note: G = Games played; AB = At Bats; R = Runs scored; H = Hits; 2B = Doubles; 3B = Triples; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in; AVG = Batting average; SB = Stolen bases"
Pitching.
"Note: W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; G = Games pitched; GS = Games started; SV = Saves; IP = Innings pitched; R = Runs allowed; ER = Earned runs allowed; BB = Walks allowed; K = Strikeouts" 
Broadcasting.
Over-the-air television returned to WPHL-TV (My PHL 17) for a three-year period after a ten-year stint at WPSG-TV (CW 57), when the Phillies and the Tribune Broadcasting station signed a three-year contract on November 19, 2008. This marks the third time the station has become the territorial flagship station, the first being from 1971 to 1982—as the successor to WFIL-TV Channel 6 (now WPVI-TV)—and again from 1993 to 1998. Between those dates, games were telecast by WTXF-TV Channel 29 (known as WTAF-TV from 1983 through 1987 and prior to becoming a Fox–owned-and-operated station).
Tom McCarthy, Chris Wheeler, and Gary Matthews are the current members of the television broadcast team. McCarthy took over full-time play-by-play duties from Harry Kalas after his death in mid-April 2009. Wheeler is the color commentator for the first and last three innings of each game, while Matthews does color commentary in the middle three innings. On the radio, Scott Franzke and Larry Andersen are the play-by-play and color commentators, respectively, for the English language broadcasts on WPHT-AM (1210), while Danny Martinez and Bill Kulik provide the Spanish language commentary on WUBA (1480 AM).
The Phillies' postseason radio duties were split between the TV crew and the regular radio crew, while the television broadcasts on TBS were covered by Brian Anderson, Joe Simpson, and David Aldridge for the Division Series, and Chip Caray, Ron Darling, and Buck Martinez for the League Championship Series. The World Series broadcasters were Joe Buck and Tim McCarver on the Fox telecasts, and Joe Morgan and Jon Miller on ESPN Radio for the national broadcast.
Farm system.
LEAGUE CHAMPIONS: Lakewood

</doc>
<doc id="19490798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490798" title="1982 Winchester 400">
1982 Winchester 400

The 1982 Winchester 400 motor race, the thirteenth annual (run yearly since 1970), was held under American Speed Association sanction on October 3, 1982, at the Winchester Speedway, in Indiana (USA).
Catching a huge break when Mike Eddy encountered trouble, Rusty Wallace made the most of his first "Winchester 400" start as he scored the win in the 1982 running of the fall classic. For the second-straight year, Eddy dominated a large portion of the race, but he was eliminated when he couldn't avoid an accident on the backstretch on the 326th lap. Wallace inherited the lead and paced the field for the remainder of the 200-mile grind as only nine of the 33 starters were still on the track at the checkers.
The race.
Dick Trickle grabbed the lead at the drop of the green flag, but the race was halted on lap 19 when almost the entire back quarter of the field was involved in a second-turn accident. Buddy Stewart, Wayne Emberson, Rick Rhonemus, Dave Jackson, and Kenny St. John were all finished for the day. When racing resumed, Eddy passed Trickle for the lead and began pulling away from the remaining lead-lap competitors.
Several contenders suffered problems, including fast-qualifier Bob Strait, who pitted on lap 88 with an overheating engine.
Trickle's bid for the win ended when he was forced to spend 16 laps in the pits to repair a broken throttle rod. Bob Senneker's recent run of bad luck in the "400" continued, when his engine expired on lap 101 relegating him to a 17th place finish. Alan Kulwicki, who finished third in a 200-lap race at Winchester in June, was the leader after a round of pit stops on lap 138. Suspension problems sent the Wisconsin native to the pits on lap 213 and left him to limp around the track with a crippled car for the duration of the race.
As Eddy continued to set the pace, Wallace barely escaped disaster on lap 259 when Jack Gritter spun his Parts Mart Chevrolet and collected sixth-place runner Jeep Pflum. Pflum bounced off the wall and directly into the path of Wallace, who narrowly avoided contact. On lap 325, Eddy found himself in a similar situation, but wasn't as fortunate. Two cars tangled and spun down the backstretch just in front of the leader. With nowhere to go, Eddy slammed into the spinning cars and briefly went airborne before crashing back to the track and out of the race. Once in the lead, Wallace was able to cruise to victory, beating Strait by three full laps. Kulwicki limped home in third with Trickle and Bruce VanderLaan completing the top five. Wallace collected $9,800 for the biggest win in his young career.

</doc>
<doc id="19490815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490815" title="Kalia, Gaoual">
Kalia, Gaoual

Kalia is one of two towns in Guinea with this name, which lies north of the capital Conakry. This is the one in Gaoual Prefecture, the main town of which is Gaoual. 
Namesake.
The namesake town in Kalia, Faranah, Guinea.

</doc>
<doc id="19490821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490821" title="Antonis Christeas">
Antonis Christeas

Antonis Christeas (; 1 February 1937 – 9 October 2011) was a Greek professional basketball player of the 1950s and 1960s era.
Club career.
Christeas was a key member of Panellinios, and with them he won 2 Greek League championships (1955, 1957). He also played for AEK Athens, and with them he won 6 Greek League championships (1963, 1964, 1965, 1966, 1968, 1970). He also won the 1967-68 season's European Cup Winners' Cup on April 4, 1968, with AEK. In between playing with Panellinios and AEK, he also played for Triton.
Greek national team.
Christeas was also a key member of the Greek national basketball team, and he finished his career with the national team with 30 caps, in which he scored a total of 397 points. He was also a coach and assistant coach of the Greek youth national teams for many years, and won a lot of medals.

</doc>
<doc id="19490828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490828" title="Hailey Wishers College Daska">
Hailey Wishers College Daska

Hailey Wishers College Daska is a boys' college in Daska, Sialkot District, Punjab, Pakistan.
It was registered by the Government of Punjab in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="19490874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490874" title="Al-Farouq Aminu">
Al-Farouq Aminu

Al-Farouq Ajiede Aminu (born September 21, 1990) is an American-Nigerian professional basketball player who currently plays for the New Orleans Pelicans of the NBA. He has also played for the Nigeria men’s national basketball team. His parents are Aboubakar Aminu and Anjirlic Aminu, and he is a descendant from a line of Nigerian kings. His brother is former Georgia Tech forward Alade Aminu. Aminu was selected by the Los Angeles Clippers in the 2010 NBA Draft with the 8th overall pick.
High school career.
Aminu went to Norcross High School and was ranked as one of the top college recruits in the nation from the class of 2008. He was ranked #7 in the nation by Rivals.com and #13 by Scout.com.
Aminu transferred to Norcross between his freshman and sophomore years from Wesleyan School but was ruled ineligible and had to play on Norcross' jv team his sophomore year. In his junior year, Aminu and teammate Gani Lawal led Norcross to a 30–3 record and a #12 national seed. Aminu averaged 13.7 points and 9.5 rebounds per game in his junior year. He led Norcross to back to back Georgia 5A state titles in 2007 and 2008. He averaged 23.1 points and 11.2 rebounds a game as a senior. Norcross finished 29–2 and ranked #6 in 2008. Aminu was a member of the 2008 McDonald's All-American Team and played in the Jordan Brand Classic where he had 12 points and 13 rebounds.
College career.
Aminu committed to Wake Forest in July 2007 and in November 2007 Aminu signed a Letter of Intent to play basketball at Wake Forest. He chose Wake Forest over Georgia Tech.
As a freshman during the 2008–09 season, he was a unanimous selection for the ACC All-Freshman Team. Aminu posted 10 double-doubles on the year, including five in conference action. He led all freshmen and ranked sixth in the ACC with 8.3 rebounds per game. Aminu was also second among all league rookies with 13.0 points per contest.
Professional career.
On April 1, 2010 Aminu hired an agent and declared for the 2010 NBA Draft. He was selected as the 8th pick by the Los Angeles Clippers.
On December 14, 2011, the Clippers traded Aminu, Chris Kaman, Eric Gordon and a 2012 first-round pick (previously acquired from the Minnesota Timberwolves) to the New Orleans Hornets in exchange for Chris Paul and two future second-round picks. In 2013, the Hornets were renamed the Pelicans.
Nigerian national team.
Aminu has played with the senior men's Nigerian national basketball team. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympic Games.

</doc>
<doc id="19490885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490885" title="Puthasas Boonpok">
Puthasas Boonpok

Puthasas Boonpok (Thai พุทธศาสน์ บุญปก ), born April 1, 1980) is a Thai footballer. He plays for Thailand Premier League clubside Samut Songkhram.

</doc>
<doc id="19490888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490888" title="Omelete">
Omelete

Omelete is a Brazilian entertainment website created in 2000 by Érico Borgo e Marcelo Forlani that covers some subjects of pop culture such as movies, comics, music, television and video games.
History.
On June 2000, Érico Borgo and Marcelo Forlani created Omelete. The content of website was initially dedicated to the fans of comics, but site grown up and in 2007 had an estimate of 120 000 visits per day. In 2007, is release a press magazine and the OmeleTV, initially named Omeletevê, which consists of a videocast with interviews and news recorded by the editors of the site. The first video was an interview with comedian Jerry Seinfeld.
Two years later, Omelete release "Almanaque do Cinema", a cine almanac that was published by Ediouro and written by Marcelo Forlani, Marcelo Hesseland and Érico Borgo.

</doc>
<doc id="19490893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490893" title="Songwut Buapetch">
Songwut Buapetch

Songwut Buapetch (Thai ทรงวุฒิ บัวเพ็ชร ), born June 12, 1980) is a Thai footballer. He currently plays for Thai Premier League clubside Samut Songkhram.

</doc>
<doc id="19490900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490900" title="Jiraniti Thalangjit">
Jiraniti Thalangjit

Jiraniti Thalangjit (Thai จิรนิติ แถลงจิตร ), born November 18, 1984) is a Thai footballer. He plays for Regional League Division 2 clubside Roi Et United.

</doc>
<doc id="19490902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490902" title="Botobolar Vineyard">
Botobolar Vineyard

Botobolar is a vineyard in Mudgee in the Central West of New South Wales in Australia. It was the first fully certified organic vineyard in Australia and was established in 1971. Botobolar was the family vineyard of Gilbert Wahlquist. Åsa Wahlquist has also worked at Botobolar as a winemaker.

</doc>
<doc id="19490911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490911" title="Settlement Commission">
Settlement Commission

Settlement Commission may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="19490930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490930" title="Tchoumi Houmi Elvis">
Tchoumi Houmi Elvis

Elvis Tchoumi Houmi (born December 7, 1977 in Yaoundé) is a Cameroonian footballer, who plays for Thailand Premier League club side Samut Songkhram FC.

</doc>
<doc id="19490951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490951" title="Benoît Pilon">
Benoît Pilon

Benoît Pilon (born July 27, 1962) is a French-language Canadian director and screenwriter particularly noted for his innovative films and documentaries on the human condition. He is also the co-founder of ""Les Films de l’autre" productions", which produces, promotes and helps the development of independent films throughout North America.

</doc>
<doc id="19490965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490965" title="New South Wales 71 class locomotive">
New South Wales 71 class locomotive

The 71 class was a class of diesel locomotive operated by the New South Wales Government Railways in Australia.
History.
Having just completed 25 broad gauge 650 hp diesel-hydraulic shunting W class locomotives for the Victorian Railways, Tulloch Limited, with a view to receiving an order for similar units, offered the New South Wales Government Railways a similar standard gauge version in 1960 for a 12-month testing period. The offer as accepted and the unit was taken into service on 11 November 1960 numbered 7101. Although allocated to Delec Locomotive Depot, all servicing was done at Tulloch Limited. 
The locomotive was of the 0-6-0 wheel arrangement, fitted with a 12-cylinder Mercedes-Benz engine, Krupp hydraulic transmission and axle-gear and Behr hydraulic cooling equipment. 7101 was used on local transfer and shunting trips in the Sydney metropolitan area. It operated under conditions similar to the 70-class then in operation. 
In mid-1961, Tulloch Limited was experiencing operating difficulties and was unable to fulfil their obligations in regard to the hiring. 7101 was returned to on 21 June 1961 and sold to Victorian Railways, who used the locomotive from 4 July on the construction of the North East standard gauge line between Albury and Melbourne. It was repainted in the same colours as the 25 broad gauge units and renumbered W266.

</doc>
<doc id="19490972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490972" title="GF World Cup '08">
GF World Cup '08

The GF World Cup '08 was held in Århus, Denmark, from October 14 to October 19. It is an invitational women's handball tournament organized by the Danish Handball Association.
Competition.
Group A.
All times are Central European Summer Time (UTC+2)
Group B.
All times are Central European Summer Time (UTC+2)
Knockout Rounds.
Semifinals.
<br>
Bronze Match.
<br>
Final.
<br>
All-Star Team.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19490994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490994" title="Panai Kongpraphan">
Panai Kongpraphan

Panai Kongpraphan (Thai ปณัย คงประพันธ์ ), born June 16, 1983) is a Thai footballer. He played for Thailand Premier League clubside BEC Tero Sasana in 2004-2007. Transferred to Nakhon Pathom in 2008 and came back to BEC Tero Sasana in 2009 but less opportunity about position. Until July 2010 Songkhla FC, Thai Division 1 League clubside offered for bought him. Finally, He transferred to Songkhla FC kept secret about him value.
He played for BEC Tero Sasana in the 2004 AFC Champions League group stage, where he scored one goal. He also played for BEC Tero Sasana in the ASEAN Club Championship 2003, scoring a goal as they lost the final to Kingfisher East Bengal FC.

</doc>
<doc id="19490999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19490999" title="Lucien Gallois">
Lucien Gallois

Lucien Louis Joseph Gallois (1857–1941) was a French geographer who was a native of Metz.
He was a student at the École Normale Supérieure in Paris, where he took classes from Paul Vidal de la Blache (1845–1918). In 1884 he received his agrégation, later becoming a lecturer at the Sorbonne (1893). From 1898 to 1907 he was a professor of geography at the École Normale Supérieure, and afterwards a professor at the Sorbonne, where he remained until his retirement in 1927.
Gallois made major contributions to the "Annales de géographie", a geographical journal that he co-founded with his mentor, Paul Vidal de la Blache. Following the death of Vidal de la Blache in 1918, he assumed directorship of "Géographie universelle", a major project involving regional geography of the entire world. 
Gallois had a keen interest in the fields of cartography and history of geography, as made evident by an influential 1890 study on German geographers of the Renaissance titled "Les géographes allemands de la Renaissance". Another noted publication of his was "Régions naturelles et noms de pays: Étude sur la région Parisienne" (Natural regions and country names: A study of the Paris region).

</doc>
<doc id="19491000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491000" title="Fox Bruin Theater">
Fox Bruin Theater

The Fox Bruin Theater is a large movie palace located in the Westwood section of Los Angeles, California, currently operated by Regency Theatres. The structure was designed by noted movie theater architect, S. Charles Lee, with a Streamline Moderne marquee and opened in 1937. 
The Bruin is located in the heart of the Mediterranean-themed Westwood Village shopping and cinema precinct, opposite the prominent white tower of the Fox Village Theater.
It was designated a Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument (HCM #361) in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="19491007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491007" title="Baba House">
Baba House

Baba House is a house, located at 157 Neil Road, in Singapore, showcasing Peranakan history, architecture and heritage. It is a traditional Peranakan pre-war terrace-house which formerly owned by 19th-century shipping tycoon Wee Bin who settled in Singapore, after arriving from the southern Chinese province of Fujian. The House is also an outpost of the National University of Singapore (NUS) Museum and co-managed by the NUS Centre for the Arts.
History.
Built possibly in the 1860s, 157 Neil Road is a residential terrace house located in the Residential Historic District of Blair Plain. The house and the surrounding area was gazetted for conservation by the Urban Redevelopment Authority of Singapore, in 1991. 
In April 2005, a S$4 million donation was made to the National University of Singapore (NUS) by Ms Agnes Tan, the last surviving daughter of the founder of the Malaysian Chinese Association (MCA), the late Tun Tan Cheng Lock. This donation was given to the University to acquire Wee's traditional Peranakan house along Neil Road, built circa 1860 on the land plot bought by Wee Bin in 1860. The house is currently owned and managed by Mr Wee Lin, the sixth-generation descendant of Wee Bin.<br>Another donation of S$1.5 million was made to the University, for acquisition of two other shophouses along Jalan Tun Tan Cheng Lock in Malacca. These acquired houses will be restored and used for educating younger generations about Peranakan history, culture and architecture, while the two houses in Malacca to be used for study on conservation techniques of historical buildings. In gesture of appreciation for the donation, the University named the Singapore house as the "Tan Cheng Lock Baba House".
The House was officially opened by President of Singapore Mr S R Nathan on September 4, 2008 as the "Baba House", and opened to the public on September 15, 2008. Staff and students from NUS' School of Design and Architecture and the Faculty of Arts and Social Sciences' South-east Asia Studies Programme were involved in the restoration, which has elaborate and intricately carved wooden windows, doors and partition screens. About 70 per cent of the furniture in the House belonged to the Wee estate, while the rest of the items were acquired from Peranakan families in Singapore and Malacca. The first two storeys of the House showcase the Peranakan domestic interior, while artists showcase modern interpretations of Peranakan culture through the exhibition gallery on the third storey. At the same time, the House will also be a venue for Peranakan culinary and craft workshops to be organized by the NUS Museum.
Display.
The Baba House served as a contrast to the Peranakan Museum wing of Asian Civilizations Museum, as the House enable visitors to experience more intimately how typical Peranakan homes looked and functioned in the 1920s, a time when there were big shifts in Peranakan family structures and their fortunes in Singapore. Its showcase of furniture and items encouraged visitors to interact and touch, and even book the venue to host events as part of the experience-making process.
Because of the limited space and the fragility of Peranakan wares, visits to the House are limited to small groups of 12 and by appointments only, so as to reduce impacts made in the House.

</doc>
<doc id="19491015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491015" title="Young at Heart (1995 film)">
Young at Heart (1995 film)

Young at Heart was a TV film released in 1995. Frank Sinatra appears as himself in his final screen performance.

</doc>
<doc id="19491037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491037" title="Gonzalo Ruiz">
Gonzalo Ruiz

Gonzalo Ruiz or Rodríguez ("fl." 1122–1180 "or" 1146–1202) was the feudal lord of La Bureba (or Burueba) throughout much of the mid-twelfth century. He held important positions at the courts of successive Castilian monarchs and guarded the frontier with Navarre, to whose Jiménez rulers he was related. He was a cultured man, with connexions to at least one, possibly two, troubadours. He may have written poetry himself, though in what language is not known.
Ancestry and marriages.
Gonzalo was a son of Rodrigo Gómez (died 1146), Count of Bureba, and Elvira Ramírez, sister of García Ramírez of Navarre. His parents were married no later than 1137. He was grandson of count Gómez González, foremost noble and reputed lover of Urraca of León and Castile, and great-grandson of count Gonzalo Salvadores, a hero of the Lara family. Other families, notably the Girón, Sarmiento, and Sandoval, have attempted to claim him.
Gonzalo's first wife was Sancha Fernández, illegitimate daughter of Fernando Pérez de Traba and the Portuguese countess Teresa Alfonso. She had previously married Álvaro Rodríguez and then Pedro Alfonso. She was with the "comes domnus Gunsalvus" (lord count Gonzalo) in April 1178, when the two of them made a donation to the Knights Hospitaller. Gonzalo's second wife was an obscure woman named Estefanía (López?), who is only recorded in 1205. Gonzalo's only known child was a daughter, Elvira, who married Pedro Ruiz de Guzmán. Another woman, Mayor (died after 1232), who married Fernando Núñez de Lara (before 1203), may be a daughter of Gonzalo's.
Political and military activities.
As lord of La Bureba ("tenente Boroviam"), Gonzalo appears over fifty times in contemporary documents beginning in 1122. His sphere of activity was also very wide: he was in Burgos in 1144, he signed the "fueros" of Pancorbo in 1146, and in 1148 he was at "Castro surit" on May 2 and Burgos on May 10. In all he appears in twelve different locations, besides León and Navarre as mentioned above. The numerous references to him in Alfonso VII's charters of 1147 suggests that he probably took part in the campaign against Almería that year. On 20 November 1148 he is recorded in connexion with the Lara family. In 15 February 1149 Gonzalo is referred to in a document as "filius comitis", "son of the count", indicating the highest noble status for his father in Castile. From that year on he was active at the court of Sancho III, but appears to have ceased to govern La Bureba. In 1156 he was lord of La Bureba again and no longer "alférez". In January 1158 he witnessed the king's granting of Calatrava to the newly founded Order of Calatrava. From then until 1165, during the minority of Alfonso VIII, he disappears from the record, but probably he was preoccupied by the invasions of La Bureba by both the Leonese and the Navarrese.
From 1165 to 1170 he was active throughout the kingdom as lord of La Bureba. According to Gerónimo Zurita, a Gonzalo Ruiz was in southern France in 1170, which is corroborated by two contemporary documents. This Gonzalo was part of a troupe of Castilian magnates and clerics charged with meeting Eleanor's entourage at Bordeaux and escorting her to Castile, through Aragon in the central Pyrenees because Navarre in the west was at war with Castile. This Gonzalo Ruiz was probably the lord of La Bureba, a "merindad" on the frontier with Navarre and consisting of the towns of Briviesca, Pancorbo, Valpuesta, and Oña.
He was the "alférez del rey" of Castile from 1149 to 1155, though a Navarrese document of September 1158 names a Gonzalo Ruiz who was the "alférez" of the king, seemingly of Navarre but possibly a reference to Sancho III of Castile. A "Gundisalvus Roderici regis signifer" (royal standard-bearer) appears in a Leonese document of 18 April 1171, but since this Gundisalvus Roderici appears in no other such document he is probably to be identified with the Castilian Gonzalo. The only other Gonzalo Ruiz who appears in documents of this period (1165–73) was a monk of Corias.
On 29 November 1171, Gonzalo signed a charter as "Gonzalo Ruiz de Bureba" for the first time. In 1173 he appears to have been granted the title of "conde" (count), the highest rank attainable at the time. Sometime after August 1175 Gonzalo was estranged from Alfonso VIII. He was at the Leonese court from 1176 to 1180. By 10 November 1180 he had reconciled with Alfonso, but he appears infrequently at court thereafter. He took to patronising religious foundations: a Cistercian monastery at Burgos received a donation on 13 September 1185 and the Benedictine monastery of San Salvador de Oña—the intellectual capital of La Bureba—received two in 1193 and 1201.
Just as there is confusion over the beginning of the career of Gonzalo Ruiz, there are some confusions over the date of his death. According to Walter Pattison, sometime in or shortly after 1180 Gonzalo entered the monastery at Oña, which he had patronised. There he died and was buried; his tomb is still visible in the "claustro de los caballeros" (cloister of knights). Simon Barton cites a document from August 1202 that records Gonzalo's presence. The death of a Count Gonzalo ("Gundisalvus comes") is recorded under 1205 in the "Annales Compostellani".
Tenancies and estates.
In 1182 Gonzalo mortgaged some property to the monastery of Oña for 321 pieces of gold. On 4 May 1184 he sold his estate at Rioseras to Marín and his wife, Sancha, for 62 "maravedís". In 1197, 1199, and 1201 he sold estates to the priory of San Pedro de Tejada. In 1200 he mortgaged some more land to the San Pedro for 82 "maravedís". In August 1202 he made a grant to Fernando Núñez and his wife Mayor Garcés in exchange for the estate of Belorado. Later that month Gonzalo sold Belorado to Alfonso VIII for 2,000 "maravedís".
Gonzalo held several "tenencias" (tenancies) during his career. He was first recorded holding La Bureba on 8 March 1147, and he held it as late 1175. In 1177, while he was in exile in León, it was granted to Diego López II de Haro, but it was returned to Gonzal by 31 December 1180. He was still in possession of it in 1183. Other tenancies he is recorded as holding are Asturias (de Oviedo), Cabezón, Carrión, Liébana, Montenegro, Orna, Osma, Pancorbo, Pernía, Saldaña, Sarria, and Valdeprado. A Gonzalo Ruiz, probably the same one, received the tenancy of Lara in 1193.
Relationship with the troubadours.
In the song "Chantarai d'aquest trobadors", a famous satire by Peire d'Alvernhe of twelve contemporary troubadours, one "Guossalbo Roitz" is listed among them. This name is the Occitanised form of the Old Spanish name "Gonçalvo Roiz", which is modern Spanish "Gonzalo Ruiz". Ruiz is not a surname but a patronymic meaning "son of Rodrigo (i.e. Ruy)". If Peire's satire was performed at Puivert before an audience that included the satirised troubadours and the entourage of Eleanor of England, who was passing through Gascony on her way to marry Alfonso VIII of Castile, then the identification of Guossalbo Roitz with Gonzalo Ruiz of Bureba becomes probable. Peire has this to say about his eleventh "victim" in lines 67 to 72:
Peire is making fun of Gonzalo's well-known military career. In fact, Peire may have learned about Gonzalo on a trip he made to Castile in the spring of 1158. If he did not meet Gonzalo at the Castilian court, where Gonzalo undoubtedly was between January and February, then he may have met him at the meeting of Sancho III of Castile, Raymond Berengar IV of Barcelona, and Sancho VI of Navarre in the summer of that year.
Gonzalo Ruiz is also the name of a dedicatee of "Quan vei pels vergiers desplegar", a "sirventes" of Bertran de Born, usually dated to the spring of 1184. This may be the same Gonzalo referred to in Peire d'Alvernhe's song, but Martí de Riquer i Morera suggests instead Gonzalo Ruiz de Azagra. This identity is strengthened by a reference in the poem to Pere Rois, probably Pedro Ruiz de Azagra, lord of Albarracín and the brother of Gonzalo de Azagra. Bertran's "tornada" goes like this:
This poem is the second of two violent outbursts by Bertran against Alfonso II of Aragon in 1184. At that time Alfonso had allied with Richard the Lion-hearted and was at the side of the latter during the suppression of a rebellion in the Limousin—where Bertran was Richard's vassal—and Périgord. Fraga, which had been conquered by Raymond Berengar IV of Barcelona in 1149 (after two failed attempts by Alfonso the Battler) and divided between the Montcadas and a Templar barony, lay on the border of Catalonia and Aragon. Evidence from line 18 and from the song's "razo" suggests that perhaps the "Quan vei" was intended to be brought by Guillem de Berguedà, a Catalan troubadour and friend of Bertran and mutual enemy of Alfonso II, to Fraga and there transferred to Gonzalo.
Both Bertran's poem and Peire's attest the influence of the troubadours and their poetry on Navarre by the 1170s. If Gonzalo Ruiz is de Azagra, it should be noted that his brother's daughter, Tota Pérez, was married to Diego López de Haro—with whom the lord of La Bureba had a connexion—who was a great patron of troubadours. Rigaut de Barbezill, Peire Vidal, and Aimeric de Pegulhan all spent time at his court, as did Rodrigo Díaz de los Cameros, his son-in-law, one of the earliest Galician-Portuguese troubadours. Riquer attaches the Castilian embassy in France circa 1170 with Gonzalo Ruiz de Azagra.
Taken together these references to Gonzalo in two Occitan songs of the late twelfth century suggest that Gonzalo was a troubadour or at least a "ioculator" who could sing Occitan songs. Ramón Menéndez Pidal, in his "Poesía juglaresca" (1957), argued that "Gonzalvo Ruiz y Pedro de Monzón poetizaban en castellano, o acaso el de Monzón en aragonés" ("Gonzalo Ruis and Pere de Montsó wrote poetry in Castilian, or in the case of Montsó Aragonese").

</doc>
<doc id="19491049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491049" title="Noli Locsin">
Noli Locsin

Manuel Luis Locsin (born 1971 in the Philippines), better known as Noli Locsin, is a retired Filipino professional basketball player. He spent most of his career for the Ginebra San Miguel franchise in the Philippine Basketball Association. Known as "The Tank," he was a former star player with the De La Salle Green Archers during his UAAP years.
In 1994, in an effort to change their dismal fortunes, the Ginebra franchise was renamed as Tondeña Rhum 65. The team selected Locsin with their first pick, the burly forward from DLSU topping a draft which included Rey Evangelista and eventual Rookie of the Year winner Boybits Victoria. Hoped by many fans to save the team, his rookie season averages of 18.5 points, 8.8 rebounds, 2.9 assists in 34.9 minutes was not enough as Tondeña's struggles continued, winning just 12 of the 32 games that year. Locsin's arrival served as a precursor for the acquisitions of Marlou Aquino and Wilmer Ong (via draft), Benny Cheng and Vince Hizon (via trade), and Bal David (free agency) to form the formidable Ginebra ragtag/glamour group of the 90s.
Playing for then player-coach Robert Jaworski's never-say-never system, he flourished playing power forward while being undersized at only 6-2 without being able to develop outside shooting. A consistent low post threat, Locsin closed the size gap with his strength and skill although he began to fade out as soon as he parted ways with Jaworski. Before the arrival of Fil-Ams in the PBA, Locsin was considered as one of the top bruisers of his time in a time when it was rare for a Filipino player with his bulk to move as quick and leap as he did. Locsin was then traded to Pop Cola for Vergel Meneses where he drifted to other PBA teams.
Locsin now plays for a travelling team of ex-PBA stars.

</doc>
<doc id="19491051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491051" title="Nomadic tribes in India">
Nomadic tribes in India

The Nomadic Tribes and Denotified Tribes consist of about 60 million in India, out of which about five million live in the state of Maharashtra. There are 315 Nomadic Tribes and 198 Denotified Tribes. 
The large section of these tribes is known as "vimukta jatis" or 'ex-criminal castes' because they were branded as criminals by birth under the act Criminal Tribes Act 1871, enacted by British rule in India. 
After independence of India, this act was repealed by Government of India in 1952. In Maharashtra, they have not been included in the list of Scheduled Tribes because of some historical circumstances, but are listed as Scheduled Castes or "Nomadic Tribes". The tribes designated as "Denotified", "Nomadic" or "Semi-Nomadic" are eligible for reservation in India.
The Government of India established the National Commission for De-notified, Nomadic and Semi Nomadic tribes in 2005 to study developmental aspects of such tribes.
External links.
a group of snake charmers, storytellers, musicians, artists and blacksmiths as they make their way across the Thar Desert to Jaisalmer.

</doc>
<doc id="19491056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491056" title="Gonzalo Rodríguez">
Gonzalo Rodríguez

Gonzalo Rodríguez may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19491063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491063" title="1er Bataillon de Fusiliers Marins Commandos">
1er Bataillon de Fusiliers Marins Commandos

1er Bataillon de Fusiliers Marins Commandos was a Fusiliers Marins commando unit of the Free French Navy which served during the Second World War. Initially its Commandant was then-Lieutenant de Vaisseau (Lieutenant) Philippe Kieffer of the Free French Navy, under whose command they participated in the Normandy landings.
Overview.
The creation of the battalion was initially planned in March 1941, but its creation did not begin until 1942 as the Troop 1, "Commandos Français" with the intention of raising the unit to a battalion of 400 in readiness for the expected operations in Europe. Initially the unit was headquartered in the vicinity of Portsmouth while undergoing training with other units at the Commando training center Achnacarry, Scotland. 
Initially the battalion was organized into the headquarters section, medical, radio, and transportation sections, and three troops, 1, 8 and 9, the last responsible for using Depth Charge Projector Mark 6, Mod 1, commonly called the "K-Gun"; 177 men in all. In 1944 the battalion was expanded to three troops, with the Headquarters troop and the A & B troops performing the usual land commando role. A large number of battalion members came from Brittany.
Members of the "compagnie Kieffer" took part in the raid on Dieppe (Operation Jubilee) with the British and Canadian commandos, and in November 1942 became officially known as the 1ère compagnie de fusiliers marins commandos, with members of the unit participating in the night raid on the bridge at Plouézec on the 11 and 12 November 1942.
French commandos took part in the raid on the beach of Wassenaar in Holland, the site of V-2 rocket launches, during which five of them, including commander Charles Trepel were killed.
In March 1944 the battalion received its official designation, and in May 1944, a few weeks before the Normandy landings, they receive their own badge; ecu of bronze charged with a brig (representing adventure) and barred dagger of the commandos with, in the sinistral corner, the Cross of Lorraine and underlined of a streamer carrying the inscription "1er Bn F.M.Commando". The green beret was worn in the British fashion, pulled right with badge over the left eye or temple. The battalion was initially assigned to the No.4 Commando of the British Army 1st Special Service Brigade, serving as its 5th and 6th Troops.
In March 1944 it participated in the training for the impending invasion of France, In the days which precede the Normandy landings, the commandos were issued with poor quality photographs of the objectives. Because some of the French commandos were from Normandy, they recognised the sites, which created a concern by the Brigade's English staff, causing them to be temporarily confined in their camp with prohibition of exit before the landings.
Promoted June 5, Capitaine de Corvette (Lieutenant Commander) Philippe Kieffer commanded the operations of the 177 men of the 1er Bataillon de Fusiliers Marins Commandos, from June 6 in Normandy. They disembarked from landing craft at 0731 hours on Sword beach with Colleville-sur-Mer forces in the east of the allied landing. They were the first to be unloaded in this sector with the craft of the No.4 British commandos having to let them pass to the lead as initially planned. Their specific objective was to achieve a breach within 500 meters to the west of Riva Bella supporting the 3rd Infantry Division.
In spite of significant losses, the commandos seized the 50mm anti-tank gun encuvée that disabled LCI 523 (1Re Troop), then took the former Casino de Riva-Bella before advancing between Colleville and Saint-Aubin-d'Arquenay to meet the British paratroopers of the 6th Airborne Division at the Pegasus Bridge (Bénouville) where they arrived towards 1630 hours. There the commandos occupied the perimeter of the lime pit towards 2000 hours. By the evening of June 6, the 1er BFMC had lost almost 25% of its personnel with 27 killed in combat in Normandy, with their commander Kieffer wounded twice in the course of the day.
The French marine commandos fought in Normandy until 27 August 1944, when the battalion was returned to the United Kingdom for rest and to receive replacements. In November 1944, the 1er BFMC was landed on the island of Walcheren in Holland and took Flessingue as part of the Allied combined arms operation of the British commandos. By October 1944, the commando Battalion had three companies. 
Since the Second World War the unit serves as the Naval commandos of the French Navy and continues to wear the green beret and bronze shield badge.

</doc>
<doc id="19491067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491067" title="Raw Nerve">
Raw Nerve

Raw Nerve may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19491086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491086" title="Mario Brunetta">
Mario Brunetta

Mario Brunetta (born January 25, 1967 in Quebec City, Quebec) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender.
Playing career.
Brunetta was drafted 162nd overall by the Quebec Nordiques during the 1985 NHL Entry Draft. Following three years in the QMJHL he was promoted to the Fredericton Express of the AHL. He had a 4-1 start with the Express and was promoted to the Nordiques where he played 29 games that season. During the next two seasons he spent the majority of his time in the AHL and was eventually released. He pursued a career in Europe, playing for teams in Italy, Germany and Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="19491113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491113" title="Pashtoons Social Democratic Party">
Pashtoons Social Democratic Party

The Pashtoons Social Democratic Party, more commonly known as PSDP (, PSDP) is the unity and independence party of all Pashtoons, a Social Democratic political party in Afghanistan and Pakistan, near the Afghan border, and the headquarter of PSDP is in Pashtoonkhwa and its various units (local unit, city unit, district unit, divisional unit) act for party throughout the whole area of Pashtoonkhwa. The party was founded in February 1981 by Kabir Stori, a German-educated Afghan intellectual from Kunar, who was a follower of the non-violent philosophy of Khan Abdul Ghaffar Khan for national unity, independence and the well-being of the entire Pashtoon Nation. The party does not recognize the Durand Line and believes in the Greater ("Loy") Afghanistan.

</doc>
<doc id="19491121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491121" title="Visscher Island">
Visscher Island

Visscher Island is an island, with an area of 3.4 ha, in south-eastern Australia. It is part of the Sloping Island Group, lying close to the south-eastern coast of Tasmania around the Tasman and Forestier Peninsulas. It is part of the Tasman National Park.
Flora and fauna.
Recorded breeding seabird species are Little Penguin, White-faced Storm-Petrel, Pacific Gull, Kelp Gull and Caspian Tern. Occasionally Australian Fur Seals haul-out there in small numbers. The Metallic Skink is present.

</doc>
<doc id="19491132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491132" title="To Mee Navhech">
To Mee Navhech

To Mee Navhech (Translated as: That's not me, ()) is a classic Marathi Play written by Acharya Atre. Though the protagonist role has been played by many actors since its inception in 1962, the role played by Prabhakar Panshikar is the most memorable. To Mee Navech is probably the first play in the world where the same actor has to do five completely different roles, not to merely add to novelty value or as a stunt, but because the story demands it. To Mee Navhech was also among the first Marathi plays to make use of the Revolving Stage (फिरता रंगमंच) between two scenes.
Background.
A conman Lakhoba Lokhande is being prosecuted in the court of law for allegedly duping people, marrying women for money and essentially living multiple lives. He tries to defend his own self by asking uncomfortable questions to each witness during the cross-questioning. The entire play is set in a courtroom scene with a revolving set used for cut scenes and flashbacks.
Storyline.
The storyline focuses on a con Lakhoba Lokhande, who claims he is a tobacco merchant from Nipani. The drama starts with a courtroom scene in which Lakhoba Lokhande is sitting in the defendant box. He has been accused by the prosecution of swindling different persons through disguise and fraud. The prosecution lawyer presents many witnesses, most of whom are the victims of Lakhoba's embezzlement (and in some cases torture). The witnesses narrate their experiences with the defendant through flashbacks. Lakhoba runs his own case after firing his lawyer. He cross questions the witnesses and during the process pleads his innocence by saying "To Mee Navhech".
Tone of Narrative.
The general tone of the narrative of "To Mee Navhech" means is rather sarcastic.Playwright Atre wanted the name "Mee To Navhech" but then Director Ranganekar went ahead with "To Mee Navhech" leaving Atre furious.The book is also published by same name. In that book Atre wrote that Ranganekar did not suggested the name. Atre was already decided with the name because protagonist in the play used it many times "To Mi Navhech".

</doc>
<doc id="19491143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491143" title="Aubrey de Vere I">
Aubrey de Vere I

Aubrey (Albericus) de Vere (died circa 1112) was a tenant-in-chief in England of William the Conqueror in 1086, as well as a vassal of Geoffrey de Montbray, bishop of Coutances and of Count Alan, lord of Richmond. A much later source named his father as Alphonsus.
Biography.
His origins are obscure and various regions have been proposed for his birthplace. He was probably Norman, possibly from the eponymous town of Ver/Vire in western Normandy. Late medieval sources put forward claims of descent from Charlemagne through the Counts of Flanders or Guînes. In fact, their only connection with Guînes, in Flanders, was through a short-lived marriage; Aubrey I's grandson Aubrey de Vere III married Beatrice, heiress to the county of Guînes, in the 12th century but there was no issue and their marriage was annulled.
In Domesday Book, Aubrey I and his wife held land in six counties in 1086. Both were accused therein of some unauthorized land seizures. Aubrey's estates held of the king were valued at approximately £300, putting him in roughly the middle ranks of the post-conquest barons in terms of landed wealth. 
More difficult to sort out are contemporary references to "Aubrey the chamberlain" and "Aubrey of Berkshire." The Latin name Albericus was not uncommon in 11th- and 12th-century Europe. A chamberlain to Matilda of Flanders, wife of William the Conqueror, bore the name Albericus, but it is unlikely that this man was Aubrey de Vere. An "Aubrey of Berkshire" was a sheriff in the early reign of Henry I; it cannot be ruled out that this man was Aubrey de Vere. His son and namesake Aubrey de Vere II held the office of royal chamberlain, so it is possible that Aubrey I had served the king in that office. Many royal household offices were hereditary.
Shortly before 1104, Aubrey's eldest son Geoffrey fell ill and was tended at Abingdon Abbey by the royal physician, Abbot Faritius. The youth recovered but suffered a relapse, died, and was buried at the abbey. His parents founded a cell of Abingdon on land they donated: Colne Priory, Essex. Within a few years, Aubrey I and his son William joined that community. Aubrey died soon after taking the Benedictine habit, William passing away not long after his father. Both were buried at the priory, establishing it as the Vere family mausoleum. Aubrey de Vere II succeeded to his father's estates.
Aubrey was married by 1086, when his wife is listed in Domesday Book as holding a manor in Essex. As his spouse's name is recorded as Beatrice in 1104 and she is named as the mother of his eldest son, she was almost certainly his wife in 1086. Beatrice attended the formal ceremony for the founding of Earl's Colne Priory. Besides Geoffrey, Aubrey II, and William mentioned above, the couple's children included Roger and Robert.
Estates.
The principal estates held by Aubrey de Vere in 1086:
Castle Hedingham, Beauchamp Great Bentley, Great Canfield, Earls Colne, [White Colne, and Dovercourt, Essex; Aldham, Belstead, Lavenham, and Waldingfield, Suffolk; Castle Camps, Hildersham, Silverley, and Wilbraham, Cambridgeshire. He possessed houses and acreage in Colchester.
As tenant of Geoffrey bishop of Coutances, he held Kensington, Middlesex; Scaldwell and Wadenhoe, Northamptonshire. Of the barony of Count Alan of Brittany, he held the manors of Beauchamp Roding, Canfield, and West Wickham, Essex. His wife held Aldham, Essex, in her own right of Odo bishop of Bayeux. She was accused by Domesday jurors of expansion into Little Maplestead, Essex. Aubrey's seizures or questionable right of possession to estates included Manuden, Essex; Great Hemingford, Huntingdonshire; and Swaffham, Cambridgeshire. (Counties given are those of Domesday Book.)

</doc>
<doc id="19491158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491158" title="Kutsuki Harutsuna">
Kutsuki Harutsuna


</doc>
<doc id="19491183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491183" title="Raw Nerve (1991 film)">
Raw Nerve (1991 film)

Raw Nerve is a 1991 film directed and written by David A. Prior. The film stars Glenn Ford in his final film role, Jan-Michael Vincent and Traci Lords.
Plot.
As a series of grotesque shotgun murders plagues the city, a young race car driver goes to the police (Ford and Vincent) claiming that he has been having visions about the killer. He gets locked up as the suspect. A lady reporter (Sandal Bergman) falls in love with the suspect and sets out prove his innocence and find the real killer. A rogue biker (Tex Cobb) who accosts the reporter and kidnaps her is thought to be the killer in question so after he has been slaughtered in a shoot-out, they figure they have solved the shotgun slayings. But have they?

</doc>
<doc id="19491242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491242" title="Yuan Quan">
Yuan Quan

Yuan Quan (袁泉) (b. October 16, 1977) is a Chinese actress and singer, who was born in Hubei City, and graduated from the Central Academy of Drama.

</doc>
<doc id="19491244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491244" title="Maupérin">
Maupérin

Maupérin was a French painter of the 18th century for king Louis XVI. 
Maupérin was a painter of some reputation. On 31 December 1766, he obtained the third medal of the Académie Royale. He was a member of the Académie de Saint-Luc, where some of his works were put on display in 1774. 
He notably painted the young Vietnamese Prince Nguyễn Phúc Cảnh, and the Paris Foreign Missions Society Father Pigneau de Béhaine, during their embassy in Paris in 1787. These paintings are now located at the Paris Foreign Missions Society.
He also exposed some of his works at Le Louvre after the French Revolution.

</doc>
<doc id="19491245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491245" title="TR-1700-class submarine">
TR-1700-class submarine

The TR-1700 (Santa Cruz) is a class of diesel-electric patrol submarines built by Thyssen Nordseewerke for the Argentine Navy in the 1980s. These ships are the largest submarines built in Germany since World War II and are among the fastest diesel-electric submarines in the world.
Development.
The original 1977 plan called for six ships, two TR-1700’s built in Germany by Thyssen Nordseewerke, two in Argentina by Astillero Domecq Garcia, and two smaller TR-1400’s also built in Argentina. The final agreement in 1982 was modified to six TR 1700’s.
Design.
The submarine was designed by Thyssen and its features include high underwater speed, endurance, and survivability. The ship's four MTU diesel engines, four generators, and Siemens electric motor can propel it for speeds up to . Eight 120 cell batteries are installed on the ships. They have a diving depth of 300 m. Normal endurance of these ships is 30 days with an extended range up to 70 days. These ships are equipped to accept a Deep Submergence Rescue Vehicle (DSRV). Armaments include six bow 533-mm torpedo tubes and 22 SST (Special Surface Target) or Mark 37 torpedo. The automatic torpedo reload system can reload the tubes in 50 seconds.
The Argentine Navy requested that INVAP develop the CAREM nuclear reactor to power these submarines, but the program was halted in late 1980s.
Thyssen proposed the TR1700A for the "Collins"-class submarine program. The proposed design had an reworked pressure hull, was six meters longer, and half a meter wider than the TR1700's for Argentina. It lost to the Type 471 from Kockums, an enlarged "Västergötland"-class submarine.
Service.
The first two submarines were delivered on schedule in 1984-85. The remaining four built in Argentina were suspended due to the Argentinean economic crisis of the 1980s. In 1996 work completely ceased on ARA Santa Fe at 70 percent (or 52 percent) completion while ARA Santiago del Estero was only 30 percent complete. After attempts to complete and sell the ships to other countries (Taiwan) failed they were cannibalized, along with the parts for the fifth and sixth units, to support the continued operations of the first two submarines.
The Santa Cruz received its mid-life modernization at Arsenal de Marinha, Rio de Janeiro Brazil between September 1999 and 2001. The work involved the replacement of the engines, batteries, and sonar. Her sister ship San Juan entered Astillero Domecq Garcia shipyard to receive her refit in 2007 and will receive similar work.
In September 2010 it was revealed that the Ministry of Defense is conducting feasibility studies to decide if ARA Santa Fe (S-43) should be completed. The decision should be made sometime after completing the mid-life modernization of ARA San Juan (S-42). The feasibility study includes technicians from INVAP and CNEA, who are investigating the possible use of a CAREM reactor in the unfinished vessel. The estimated cost of completing Santa Fe is $60 million.

</doc>
<doc id="19491254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491254" title="Tomorrow Becomes Yesterday">
Tomorrow Becomes Yesterday

Tomorrow Becomes Yesterday is the fourth and final album of the band Bamboo. It is the first release of original material by the band since 2005's Light Peace Love. It achieved platinum status on September 28, 2008 (two days after its release).
In 2010, they released a repackaged version of the album and a bonus DVD containing music videos of the singles released in the album.
Personnel.
Francisco "Bamboo" Mañalac - Vocals
Nathan Azarcon - Bass
Ira Cruz - Guitars
Vic Mercado - Drums

</doc>
<doc id="19491268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491268" title="Czechoslovakia at the 1976 Winter Paralympics">
Czechoslovakia at the 1976 Winter Paralympics

Czechoslovakia competed at the 1976 Winter Paralympics in Örnsköldsvik, Sweden. The country's delegation consisted of five competitors in two sports: two athletes in alpine skiing, two in cross-country skiing, and one in both.

</doc>
<doc id="19491280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491280" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Jefferson County, Washington">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Jefferson County, Washington

List of entries on the National Register of Historic Places in Jefferson County, Washington
__NOTOC__
Current listings.
Historic Properties List.

</doc>
<doc id="19491282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491282" title="2008 Damascus car bombing">
2008 Damascus car bombing

The 2008 Damascus car bombing is a car bombing that occurred on September 27, 2008 in the Syrian capital of Damascus. The explosion left 17 people dead and 14 injured. It was reported that a car, laden with 200 kilograms (440 pounds) of explosives detonated in the Sidi Kadad suburb of the capital, at approximately 8:45am. The blast occurred roughly 100 metres from a security installation on the road to Damascus International Airport at an intersection leading to the Sit Zeinab shrine, popular with Shia pilgrims from Iran and Lebanon.
Security forces cordoned off the area.
It was the first major explosion in Syria since the car bomb assassination of Imad Mughniyah, a high-ranking military commander in Hezbollah in February 2008, and also the most lethal bomb attack in Syria since 1996. It was the deadliest since a spate of attacks in the 1980s blamed on the Muslim Brotherhood left nearly 150 dead.
No group or individual has claimed responsibility for the attack.
Such attacks are rare in Syria and the blast is being seen as the worst threat to national security in many years.
Background.
The attack followed two politically motivated assassinations in Syria that occurred in 2008. The first took place when Hezbollah member Imad Moughniyah was killed by a car bomb in February, 2008. The second occurred only a month before the car bombing in Damascus, when General Mohammed Suleiman, a high-ranking aide to President Bashar Assad was killed in Tartous. 
Syria also experienced riots at a prison near Damascus earlier in the year. These events were all highly irregular, as Syria maintains a generally well-held grip on internal security. The Damascus car bombing has contributed to public fear that internal instability or subterfuge may be fueling these unexpected events.
Target.
Though the blast was believed to be targeted towards a senior intelligence official, only civilians were killed. Others, including a traffic policeman, were harmed in the attack.
"Asharq Alawsat" reported that a brigadier-general was killed, and that the building was used by the Palestine branch of Syrian Military Intelligence.
The official SANA news agency said authorities were conducting DNA tests to identify the attacker and that several people have been detained in connection with the attack. According to their report, the attacker belonged to a Muslim extremist group and that the car crossed into Syria from a neighbouring Arab country.
A witness had told the Syrian Reform Party that the blast occurred after the car pulled out of a car depot belonging to the Palestine Branch, a group that is part of Syrian Intelligence. Sources have said the car was fitted with the explosives while inside the depot, leading to speculation the explosion was a 'work accident.' The party reported on their website that most of those killed in the bombing were intelligence officials, contrary to government claims that all of the casualties were civilian.
Perpetrators.
In November 2008, Syrian television aired the purported confessions of 10 radicals for their role in the bombing. They were all members of the Fatah al-Islam group, an al-Qaeda-inspired organisation based in northern Lebanon. Among them was Wafa Abssi, daughter of Fatah al-Islam leader Shaker al-Abssi.
The programme also said the suicide bomber was a Saudi national.
Reactions.
Syrian Interior Minister Bassam Abdel Majeed condemned the car bombing as a "cowardly terrorist act.", and also said on state television that "we cannot accuse any party. There are ongoing investigations that will lead us to those who carried it out."
Foreign secretary David Miliband of the United Kingdom said, "Such acts of terrorism can have no justification, and must be condemned without reservation. My condolences and sympathies go out to all those who have suffered as a result of these atrocities."
France, Russia and the United States also condemned the bombing.
Saudi Arabia, which has long had a tense relationship with Syria, is the only country in the Arab world which has not condemned the bombing.

</doc>
<doc id="19491302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491302" title="1552 in music">
1552 in music


</doc>
<doc id="19491304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491304" title="2000 Chatham Cup">
2000 Chatham Cup

The 2000 Chatham Cup was the 73rd annual nationwide knockout football competition in New Zealand.
Up to the last 16 of the competition, the cup was run in three regions (northern, central, and southern), with an open draw from the quarter-finals on. National League teams received a bye until the Fourth Round (last 32). In all, 123 teams took part in the competition. Note: Different sources give different numberings for the rounds of the competition. Some record five rounds prior to the quarter-finals; others note a qualifying round followed by four full rounds.
The 2000 final.
Napier City Rovers won the league/cup double. As the league changed from a club competition to one contested by regional franchises in 2004, they were the last team ever to do so.
The Jack Batty Memorial Cup is awarded to the player adjudged to have made to most positive impact in the Chatham Cup final. The winner of the 2008 Jack Batty Memorial Cup was Jimmy Cudd of Napier City Rovers.

</doc>
<doc id="19491317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491317" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Clallam County, Washington">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Clallam County, Washington

List of National Registered Historic Places in Clallam County, Washington
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="19491319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491319" title="Cisco Systems VPN Client">
Cisco Systems VPN Client

The Cisco Systems VPN Client enables computers to connect to a virtual private network. The client makes remote resources of another network available in a secure way as if the user was connected directly to that "private" network.
In July 2011, Cisco announced the end of life of the product. No further product updates were released after July 2012, and support will cease in 2014. A suggested migration option for customers is the Cisco AnyConnect Secure Mobility Client.
Installation.
The client is normally distributed with an executable installer and profile file(s), which contain all the necessary information to easily connect to a network.
A .pcf (or profile configuration file) is used to configure the VPN client for connecting to the remote server.
Availability.
The software is not free but is often installed on university and business computers in accordance with a site-license. As with most corporate licenses, administrators are allowed to freely distribute the software to users within their network.
Compatibility.
VPN Client 4.9.01.0230 beta added support for Mac OS X 10.6. Stable version 4.9.01.0180 appears to lack that support; 4.9.00.0050 explicitly did "not" support versions of Mac OS X later than 10.5.
VPN Client 5.0.07.0290 added support for 64-bit versions of Windows Vista and Windows 7.
Security.
The client uses profile files (.pcf) that store VPN passwords either hashed with type 7, or stored as cleartext. A vulnerability has been identified, and those passwords can easily be decoded using software or online services. To work around these issues, network administrators are advised to use the Mutual Group Authentication feature, or use unique passwords (that aren't related to other important network passwords).

</doc>
<doc id="19491329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491329" title="UAAP Season 71 men's basketball tournament">
UAAP Season 71 men's basketball tournament

The UAAP Season 71 men's basketball tournament is the 2008-09 season of the University Athletic Association of the Philippines (UAAP) Basketball Championship, with University of the Philippines, Diliman as the season host, to coincide with the centennial celebrations of the University of the Philippines System.
The Ateneo de Manila University Blue Eagles swept their arch rivals De La Salle University-Manila Green Archers in two games to clinch their first UAAP title since 2002, and to give head coach Norman Black his first collegiate championship. Ateneo's Rabeh Al-Hussaini was named Most Valuable Player (MVP) of the season, while Nonoy Baclao was named as the Finals MVP. Ryan Buenafe won the Rookie of the Year honors, also for the Ateneo.
Preseason events.
Aboy Castro succeeds Joe Lipa as the new head coach of the UP Fighting Maroons, after Lipa led his team to a 0–14 record in Season 70. Castro was an assistant coach of Glenn Capacio for the Far Eastern University (FEU) Tamaraws, and of Chot Reyes for the Philippines men's basketball national team, the San Miguel Beermen and Talk 'N Text Phone Pals. 
Elimination round.
Newly crowned World Boxing Council lightweight and super featherweight champion Manny Pacquiao and Washington Wizards player Gilbert Arenas attended the July 6 games featuring host UP against NU and the Ateneo-La Salle game. Pacquiao was given Sports Excellence award by the UAAP Board while Arenas was on town on a promotional tour.
On July 24, 2008 FEU player Marnel "Mac" Baracael was shot and critically wounded near the FEU campus. The assailant used a caliber .45 pistol with a silencer. Baracael is now in stable condition; police speculate that the shooting maybe basketball-related. Baracael suited up for the Tamaraws in their game against NU, August 28, 2008.
Team standings.
Host team in boldface.
Tiebreakers:
Postseason teams.
Ateneo Blue Eagles.
Ateneo opened the season against La Salle, eking out a six-point win 79-73. After an easy win against Adamson, the Eagles were taken to the edge by UE before winning. They won two more games until the sixth game against FEU. The Tamaraws seized the initiative in the endgame to deal Ateneo their first and only loss of the season even with Rabeh Al-Hussaini scoring half of Ateneo's 66 points. Ateneo won the next six games, including a close game versus UST, and an overtime win against UE in which Ryan Buenafe did the heroics over two UE centers, and a rout against NU, the last of which clinched them the twice to beat advantage in the semifinals. In the elimination round finale against the Green Archers they never let La Salle lead, en route to a 65-57 win against their arch-rivals. The 13-1 league leading Blue Eagles faced the 9-5 UE Red Warriors in the semifinals, and ended the fourth seed team's season, with a 70-50 win.
De La Salle Green Archers.
After losing their first game against the Eagles, La Salle won five consecutive games. UE gave La Salle their second loss but La Salle won their next game also against the Red Warriors. La Salle won their next three games but lost to FEU. With head coach Franz Pumaren out of the country coaching the under-18 team in the FIBA Asia Under-18 Championship 2008, La Salle prevented overtime with a buzzer-beating put-back for the win against UST, and an overtime win against Adamson to ensure a semifinals berth. Pumaren returned to the country with still a game left at the U-18 tournament to coach the game against league-leading Ateneo Blue Eagles, which would be crucial for them to clinch the twice to beat advantage, even with FEU losing their final elimination game against UE, they lost the game against the Eagles. La Salle's leading scorer in Jvee Casio was being guarded well by the Eagles ended up having a nightmare game, sinking only two field goals out of 17 from the field. The Archers then won two straight games against FEU in the semifinals, thus eliminating the Tamaraws and going to the Finals.
FEU Tamaraws.
FEU survived their game against Adamson with a three-pointer to save the game for them. La Salle defeated them but they won their next two games against UP and UST. However, starting power forward Marnel "Mac" Baracael was shot outside school premises that caused him to be sidelined. In their next game against UE, FEU had a rally in the fourth quarter to give them an emphatic win. Riding their three-game winning streak, the Tamaraws defeated the Eagles as they held off the Eagles in the waning minutes of the fourth quarter.
Just after they've won against the #1 team, the #8 team NU upset the Tamaraws who were then tied with three teams for #1. A sorry loss against Ateneo gave them their first losing streak, but an easy win against Adamson and a come from behind overtime win against UST put them back on track. With wins against La Salle, NU and UP, FEU clinched a semifinals berth. They will fight for a playoff game for the twice to beat advantage vs. La Salle since La Salle was beaten by Ateneo in the elimination round finale.
UE Red Warriors.
Coming off a 14-0 elimination round sweep last year, UE continued their dominance of the elimination round with wins against UST and NU. However, fellow undefeated team Ateneo handed them their first defeat of the season. A shock loss against Adamson gave them their first elimination round losing streak in a year. Although they've won against cellar dweller UP, the loss against FEU placed them at .500. In a rematch of 2007 Finals, UE got some sort of vengeance as the defeated La Salle, but the Archers got payback as they met each other again four days later.
With wins against doormats UP and NU, UE gave Ateneo another dogfight but they came up short in overtime. Avenging their first round loss against Adamson, UE eliminated UST despite giving up their 24-point lead in the fourth quarter to clinch their semifinals berth.
Semifinals.
Ateneo–UE series.
With UE staying put in the first quarter, Ateneo marked a 16-0 rally late in the first that turned a 5-11 deficit to a 25-13 advantage late in the second quarter. Eric Salamat anchored the run, scoring nine points in that stretch. Freshman Ryan Buenafe's hard drive to the basket erected the Eagles' largest lead at 56-28. The Warriors managed to cut down the lead to twenty but the final deficit was good enough for the third-largest winning margin in Final Four history.
La Salle–FEU series.
Although the Tamaraws led for much of the game, La Salle came from behind to lead 64-62 with 35.2 remaining in the fourth quarter. Marnel "Mac" Baracael missed two free-throws that would've tied the game. After James Mangahas split his charities after a foul in the ensuing rebound play, Paul Sanga missed a desperation three-pointer. The rebound went to La Salle which capitalized with a fastbreak led by Mangahas to settle the final score and their second-consecutive Finals appearance.
Finals.
Prior to the finals, the National Bureau of Investigation (NBI) nabbed six ticket scalpers in the Araneta Coliseum for selling outrageously priced tickets. Both head coaches agreed that the officiating in the finals be fair and consistent. UAAP Commissioner Chito Narvasa has already listed 12 referees directly under his management for the series. La Salle head coach Franz Pumaren further remarked that the host school can prevent scalping if it helps in the accounting of tickets; the tickets for the first game were already sold out a week prior to the game.
Meanwhile, security was tight at the Araneta Coliseum to prevent petty thieves from infiltrating the event. However, the security wasn't able to prevent thievery as members of the "Salisi (theft) Gang" were able to steal several items inside the coliseum at the first game.
Game 1.
Ateneo opened the scoring with a strong first quarter, but La Salle caught up with them to cut the lead to three. La Salle then went on to lead, 29-26 off Casio's three-point play, but the Eagles launched a 10-0 run to lead at the half, despite Chris Tiu, Eric Salamat and Nonoy Baclao spending time on the bench thanks to foul trouble. Rabeh Al-Hussaini had a monster second half, holding back a La Salle rally that cut the lead to six care of JV Casio and Bader Malabes as he scored Ateneo's next eight points to put the game away from the Archers for a game 1 victory.
Game 1 tickets with a face value of P350 were being sold online for P50,300, and some bought tickets from scalpers for P25,000 for the same face value.
Game 2.
La Salle started the game with an 8–3 scoreline, capped by a Simon Atkins three-pointer. Ateneo came back with their own 24–9 run to hold the lead 27–17 despite Al-Hussaini riding the bench with two personal fouls. Ateneo closed out the first half with another 8-0 run to lead 41-26. JV Casio cut the lead to three points in a 21-9 run that included six three-pointers by the third quarter. However, Rico Maierhofer was ejected from the game for incurring a second technical for flashing the dirty finger, but he claimed he was instructing a teammate to defend using the index finger. La Salle wasn't able to hold on, and Al-Hussaini scored all of his seven points in the third quarter to lead the Ateneo counter-attack. Things got exacerbated when Casio fouled out with 2:48 remaining. Ateneo had a 10-4 run in the final minutes, capped by a three-point play by Jai Reyes to clinch their fourth UAAP title.
La Salle coach Franz Pumaren lambasted the officials saying "It's like a script, you know the ending. They should have just given the trophy right away." He further said that the officiating was "the worst" he has ever seen "in the Finals". Maierhofer was in tears as he walked towards the dugout; La Salle was called for 29 fouls, awarding Ateneo 28 free-throws of which they converted 18.
Ateneo's Nonoy Baclao was named Most Valuable Player of the finals after being the anchor of the Ateneo defense. Baclao scored eight points, grabbed 10 rebounds and blocked five shots in game 2 after scoring seven points, grabbing 7 rebounds and blocking 7 shots, including a crucial block to Maierhofer, in game 1.
Awards.
The season's awardees were awarded on a ceremony prior to Game 2 of the finals at the Araneta Coliseum (except for Finals MVP which was awarded after the title series). They are:
Controversies.
ID controversy.
After the Ateneo's first round defeat of La Salle, La Salle coach Franz Pumaren contested the technical given to him for not wearing his ID; previously, UST coach Pido Jarencio wasn't issued a technical when he wasn't wearing his ID. Pumaren labeled this as "selective officiating." La Salle elevated the issue to the UAAP Board but refused to label it as a "protest". Jarencio for his part said that he is willing to accept any sanctions for not wearing his ID, including two technical free throws in their next game.
As a result of the controversy, Commissioner Narvasa suspended the three referees officiating in the Ateneo-La Salle game for one game for "losing control of the ballgame." La Salle's league representative welcomed the sanctions "but the sanction is for poor officiating; it has nothing to do with the technical foul called."
Suspension of referee.
Another referee was suspended indefinitely by the National Amateur Basketball Referees Organization (NABRO, the organization handling the league referees) after the July 12 La Salle-FEU game. Bryan Tabañag made several errant calls that "deprived FEU a fair chance to determine who the better team was," according to NABRO president Rolando Omampo. Tabañag is NABRO's vice-president.
Despite the referee's suspension, the La Salle-FEU game won't be replayed.

</doc>
<doc id="19491339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491339" title="Mabel Browne, Countess of Kildare">
Mabel Browne, Countess of Kildare

Mabel Browne, Countess of Kildare (c. 1536 – 25 August 1610) was the wife of Gerald FitzGerald, 11th Earl of Kildare, Baron of Offaly (25 February 1525 – 16 November 1585). She was born into the English Roman Catholic Browne family whose members held prominent positions at the courts of the Tudor
sovereigns for three generations. Mabel served as a gentlewoman of Queen Mary I's Privy Chamber, and enjoyed the Queen's favour.
Family.
Mabel was born in Sussex, England in about 1536, to Sir Anthony Browne, Knight of the Garter, Master of the Horse, and his first wife Alice Gage. Her paternal grandparents were Sir Anthony Browne, Standard Bearer of England and Governor of Queenborough Castle, and Lucy Neville. Her maternal grandparents were Sir John Gage and Philippa Guildford. Mabel had five brothers, including Anthony Browne, 1st Viscount Montagu, and two sisters. One of her aunts was Elizabeth Browne, a lady-in-waiting to Anne Boleyn.
In 1540, her mother died. In 1543, when Mabel was about seven years of age, her father married secondly, Elizabeth FitzGerald, an Irish noblewoman, also known as "The Fair Geraldine", after a sonnet written for her by Henry Howard, Earl of Surrey.
The Brownes were staunch Roman Catholics. This fact, however, did not deter King Henry VIII from granting Mabel's father, the ownership of Battle Abbey in East Sussex after the Dissolution of the Monasteries. Mabel spent her childhood mostly at Battle Abbey and Cowdray House, in West Sussex which came into Sir Anthony's possession in 1542.
Her father died 6 May 1548, and his widow married secondly Edward Clinton, 1st Earl of Lincoln.
Marriage.
On 28 May 1554, when she was about eighteen years old, Mabel married a brother of her stepmother, Gerald FitzGerald, 11th Earl of Kildare, known as "The Wizard Earl", whom she had met at the court of King Edward VI. According to historian Mary Anne Everett Green in her "Royal and Illustrious Ladies", the pair actually met at a masked ball and Mabel immediately fell in love with him. FitzGerald was given his sobriquet on account of his interest in alchemy. They were married in the Chapel Royal during the reign of Queen Mary I, who held the Browne family in high esteem.
Mabel was a gentlewoman of Queen Mary's Privy Chamber, and in February, the same year of his marriage to Mabel, FitzGerald had helped suppress the rebellion of Sir Thomas Wyatt. Mabel went to live with her husband at Kilkea Castle, Kildare, in Ireland, the country where she was to spend most of her life. Together FitzGerald and Mabel had five children.
Recusant leanings.
While Mabel had enjoyed the favour of Queen Mary, she was less welcome at the court of the latter's successor, Queen Elizabeth I, as Mabel's recusant leanings were well known. She kept a number of priests in her household, including her private chaplain Nicholas Eustace, who was related to the Catholic rebel James Eustace, 3rd Viscount Baltinglass, and she hired the suspected Father Compton to serve as the tutor of her children. She was also a close friend of Jane Dormer, Duchess of Feria, their friendship dating from the time when they had both served in the household of Queen Mary. According to author Vincent P. Carey, Mabel "maintained a refuge and library for the Jesuit missionary Robert Rochfort.
Despite her overt Roman Catholicism, Mabel was never accused of treason against Queen Elizabeth, unlike her husband who fell under increasing suspicion of disloyalty in his later years and spent several years in the Tower of London. Elizabeth however is said to have had a certain fondness for him and refused to take any decisive action against him: he died in London in 1585, technically free though forbidden to leave the city.
Death.
Mabel died in Ireland on 25 August 1610. She was about seventy-four years of age. Her last years were troubled by a lawsuit brought against her by her granddaughter Lettice Digby, alleging that her husband's will had been fraudulently tampered with.
In fiction.
Mabel Browne is a minor character in Anya Seton's historical romance Green Darkness, where her brother Viscount Montagu, his wife Magdalen Dacre, and Cowdray Castle are featured prominently.

</doc>
<doc id="19491347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491347" title="Santa Fe Station">
Santa Fe Station

Santa Fe Station is a locals casino located on Rancho Drive in Las Vegas, Nevada. The casino is owned by Station Casinos and is located on of land.
History.
The Santa Fe Casino was constructed in 1990 by Santa Fe Gaming. Veldon Simpson was the Project Architect and MB & H-Jim Adams (Design Architect). It was expanded in 1994.
The casino was acquired by Station Casinos for $205 million in June 2000 and renamed the Santa Fe Station.
Awards.
The Santa Fe Station won the Best Locals Casino award for 2008 by the Las Vegas Review-Journal.

</doc>
<doc id="19491356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491356" title="Bazar Bazarguruev">
Bazar Bazarguruev

Bazar Bazarguruev (born on January 9, 1985 in Chelutay, Agin-Buryat Okrug, Zabaykalsky Krai, Russian SFSR) is a male freestyle wrestler of Buryat descent from Kyrgyzstan. He participated in Men's freestyle 60 kg at 2008 Summer Olympics. In this competition he was ranked on 4-5 place. He lost the bronze medal fight with Kenichi Yumoto from Japan.
He is a bronze medalist of 2007 FILA Wrestling World Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="19491372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491372" title="Peter Steinfeld">
Peter Steinfeld

Peter L. Steinfeld is an American screenwriter and television producer. He is best known for writing mystery film "Drowning Mona" (released 2000), comedy film "Be Cool" (2005) and drama film "21" (2008).
Early life.
Steinfeld was born and raised in Wayne, New Jersey. After attending undergraduate school for eight years, he set up an unsuccessful greeting card company, later working as a forklift operator at a cosmetics company to pay off his US$40,000 of debt when his own company shut down. He completed his bachelor's degree in English literature at New York University (NYU), where he also undertook a screenwriting workshop. Students were expected to have written an entire feature film screenplay over the six-week course, but Steinfeld had only written eleven pages by the workshop's conclusion.
Career.
After taking the NYU workshop, Steinfeld decided to pursue screenwriting with the eleven-page screenplay he had completed: "Even though I only had those 11 pages, my feeling was, 'I'm not sure if I'm any good at it, but I love this.'" He later finished the screenplay and sold it to Neverland Films as the 2000 film "Drowning Mona", starring Bette Midler and Danny DeVito. He was next signed by Warner Bros. to write the sequel to mafia comedy "Analyze This", which became the 2002 film "Analyze That". He next adapted Elmore Leonard's novel "Be Cool" into a film of the same name, released in 2005. As a fan of Leonard and "Be Cool"s preceding novel, "Get Shorty", Steinfeld thought it "the greatest thing in the world" when Leonard was impressed by the screenplay. Steinfeld had been signed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer in 2003 to adapt Ben Mezrich's true crime book "Bringing Down the House", about the feats of the card counting MIT Blackjack Team, into the film "21", which was released in 2008. Before filming began in 2005, screenwriter Allan Loeb was brought in to rewrite Steinfeld's script as a former gambling addict.
Steinfeld has completed an as-yet-unmade script, "Ebony and Ivory", for Imagine Entertainment. Currently, he and his wife, screenwriter DeShawn Schneider, are working on high concept film "The Big Shot" for Plan B Entertainment and a remake of Paul Newman's 1977 film "Slap Shot" for Universal Pictures. He has also written and executive produced a number of television pilots, including "Pulse" and "Inspector General", which have not been picked up.
Personal life.
Steinfeld is married to fellow screenwriter DeShawn Schneider, with whom he has two daughters: Chloe, born 2004, and Ally, born 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19491375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491375" title="2002 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships – Singles">
2002 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships – Singles

Andy Roddick was the defending champion and won in the final 7–6(11–9), 6–3 against Pete Sampras.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="19491387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491387" title="Francesco Bidognetti">
Francesco Bidognetti

Francesco Bidognetti (born January 21, 1951, in Casal di Principe) is a powerful Italian Camorrista. He is the chief lieutenant of Francesco Schiavone, boss of the Casalesi clan from Casal di Principe in the province of Caserta between Naples and Salerno, and head of the Bidognetti clan, one of the five clans which make up the Casalesi. He is known as ""'Cicciott' 'e Mezzanotte'"" (Neapolitan for Midnight Fatty).
Biography.
Waste disposal king.
The Bidognetti and Tavoletta clans are very strong in the northern towns of Caserta province. They operate several illegal dumps between Naples and Caserta. Tonnes of dangerous waste from northern and central Italy are planted in the dumps, as well as toxic wastes from factories, hospitals and cemeteries. As such, Bidognetti is considered by Italian law enforcement to be the boss of the waste disposal arm of the clan.
Bidognetti's lover, Angela Barra ruled the territory of Teverola and was the main conduit of all the political and economic alliances of the Casalesi Clan. In 1990, Bidognetti ordered the death of a medical doctor, Gennaro Falco, for having not taken proper care of his wife by failing to diagnose her with cancer in time. 
His nephew Gaetano Cerci is believed to be the key link between the clan and Licio Gelli, head of the defunct P2 masonic lodge. Many tapped telephone conversations by the Roman police proved that Cerci stayed several times at Gelli's house in Villa Wanda, near Arezzo. In 1993, Villa Wanda was searched, on orders of the Naples public prosecutor, but police failed to find the computer discs that they were looking for.
Wife turns informant.
Anna Carrino, Bidognetti's wife was arrested in November 2007 and charged with passing messages from her imprisoned husband to his subordinates on the outside. She subsequently became a pentito and began giving away information that resulted in a number of major raids aimed at suspected members of the Camorra. She also provided information that led to the arrest of 52 Casalesi clan members on April 2008. Among those arrested was Bidognetti's son, Raffaele. Anna is currently being held in a top-security jail after the Casalesi put a million-pound contract on her. The two scion of Francesco Bidognetti, Aniello and Raffaele, hit recently by an order of the harsh 416-bis prion regime.
LIfe Imprisonment.
In October 2003, Bidognetti and his son Aniello were indicted for the murder of doctor Gennaro Falco in the town of Parete. Two weeks later, Casalesi clan members Sebastiano Caterino and Umberto De Falco were murdered. Finally in June 2008, Bidognetti, Schiavone and 14 other Casalesi bosses were sentenced to life imprisonment in the Spartacus maxi-trial. Michele Zagaria and Antonio Iovine, two other Casalesi bosses, got the same sentence and were arrested on 7 December 2011 and 17 November 2010 respectively.
The 10-year legal trial, named as such in recognition of the need to fight a revolution in the Casalesi's territory, charged 36 members of the clan with a string of murders and other crimes. All were found guilty and 16 sentenced to life imprisonment. More than 500 witnesses testified in the trial which saw the heaviest penalties ever for organised crime with a total of 700 years of imprisonment. Over the course of the initial trial and the appeal, five people involved in the case were murdered, including an interpreter. A judge and two journalists were threatened with death.
In March 2008, through his lawyers in the courtroom, Francesco Bidognetti accused the prosecutor of the Dda, Antonio Cantone of being unduly influenced by the pentiti and the anti-Mafia journalists, Rosaria Capacchione, of the newspaper ""Il Mattino "", and Roberto Saviano, author of the best-selling book Gommora, which deals with the criminal activities of the Casalesi clan. His lawyer further demanded the transfer of the trials of Bidognetti and fellow fugitive Casalesi boss, Antonio Iovine to Rome for "legitimate suspiscions".
Backlash against collaborating relatives.
On May 2, 2008, Bidognetti's uncle, Umberto was murdered at Castel Volturno, due to his son Domenico's collaboration with the police. He had refused police protection after his son's repentance. In the following month, a group of hitmen disguised as police officers wounded Anna Carrino, the niece of Anna Carrino, in Villaricca. She was shot in the stomach when she opened the door. Carrino's testimony led to the arrest of several of his henchmen. However, police believe that the real target of the attack may have been the woman’s mother, Anna Carrino’s sister. These incidents are believed to be part of the murder strategy of Iovine and Zagaria, in order to dissuade those who wish to collaborate with law enforcement.
Bidognetti's son, Gianluca, was arrested on November 21, 2008 and charged with the attempted murder of Anna Carrino's niece.

</doc>
<doc id="19491399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491399" title="Romania in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009">
Romania in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009

Romania was represented at Eurovision Song Contest 2009 in Moscow, Russia by Elena Gheorghe with "The Balkan Girls" after she won the national final, Selecţia Naţională 2009.
Selecţia Naţională 2009.
The Romanian broadcaster, Televiziunea Română (TVR), confirmed that they would continue to hold a national final, Selecţia Naţională, to select the Romanian entrant for the Eurovision Song Contest. Two semi-finals were held before the final of the contest on 31 January 2009. Composers were able to submit songs to TVR from 15 November to 22 December, however only Romanian composers were allowed to take part in the competition.
Past Romanian Eurovision entrants confirmed their wish to enter the contest again, including Luminita Anghel and Mihai Trăistariu, who gave Romania their best results at the contest, 3rd and 4th place at the 2005 and 2006 contests respectively.
After TVR extended the deadline of competing entries, it had been rumoured that the broadcaster had received very few extries for the contest, with as little as five entries being reported. However, TVR rebuked this claim, confirming that they had received over 250 entries for the contest. 24 entries were selected by a special panel to compete in the two semi-finals on 8 January 2009, and were released on 9 January.
Semi-final 1.
The first semi-final was held on 27 January 2009. From the 12 songs that competed in the semi-final, only six qualified to the final on 31 January. The qualifiers were decided by 50% jury voting and 50% televoting.
From this semi-final, Popas Band, the Blaxy Girls, ZERO, Tabassco, Dalma Kovács and Tina qualified to the final.
Semi-final 2.
The second semi-final will be held on 29 January 2009. Again, only six songs will qualify to the final on 31 January from the 12 competing entries. The qualifiers will be decided by 50% jury voting and 50% televoting.
The six qualifiers to the final from this semi-final were Costi, Red Blonde, Elena Gheorghe, Cătălin Josan, Alin Nica and IMBA. They will join the six qualifiers from the first semi-final.
Final.
The final of Selecţia Naţională 2009 was held on 31 January, and featured 12 songs, six songs from each semi-final. The winner was decided by a 50/50 mix of jury and televoting. The total number of televotes and votes from each of the 10 jury members was converted into "Eurovision points": the song with the most votes was awarded 12 points, the second placed song was awarded 10 points, followed by 8-1 points for the rest of the songs, with two songs failing to receive points.
The televoting results were not consistent with the jury results. Elena Gheorghe came first in the jury vote with her song "The Balkan Girls", with Cătălin coming second and the Blaxy Girls third. However the Blaxy Girls came first in the televote for their performance of "Dear Mama", Gheorghe coming second and Cătălin third. The final result was that Gheorghe was the winner, getting a total of 22 points, while the Blaxy Girls and Cătălin came joint second with 18 points. IMBA, who performed "Round & Round", failed to get any points from either the jury or the televote.
Promotion.
Gheorghe made a promotional tour of her entry around Europe before she performed in the first semi-final in Moscow. Gheorghe's first visit was Germany. There she began on 10 March and lasted for four days, she performed at the International Tourism Fair in Berlin, at the invitation of the Romanian Tourism Ministry, and also met the local media. She also performed at the London Preview party in the United Kingdom.
At Eurovision.
Romania competed in one of the two semi-finals in the 2008 contest. At the semi-final draw on 30 January, it was decided that the country would compete in the first semi-final on 12 May 2009. Romania qualified into the final, and was drawn at number 22. The song won a place in the final where it eventually finished 19th with a score of 40 points.

</doc>
<doc id="19491415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491415" title="1360s in music">
1360s in music

1360 in music involved some significant events.

</doc>
<doc id="19491430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491430" title="Charles William Frederick, Margrave of Brandenburg-Ansbach">
Charles William Frederick, Margrave of Brandenburg-Ansbach

Charles William Frederick (May 12, 1712 in Ansbach – August 3, 1757 in Gunzenhausen), nicknamed the "Wild Markgrave", was Margrave of the Principality of Ansbach from 1729 to his death.
Life.
Charles William Frederick was the son of William Frederick, Margrave of Brandenburg-Ansbach (1686–1723) and his wife Duchess Christiane Charlotte of Württemberg (1694–1729). During his youth, his mother ruled as regent. When he came to power, Charles William Frederick ruled as a typical absolute monarch with a luxurious court life. He left his heir Charles Alexander a total debt of 2.3 million Reichsthaler, and he spent 10% of the state budget on hunting. He had 56 churches and many palaces built, among them a building in Triesdorf for his falcons, his greatest passion, on which he spent more than a half-million Guilders between 1730 and 1748. Charles William Frederick died of a stroke on August 2, 1757.
Marriage and children.
Charles William Frederick married Princess Friederike Luise of Prussia (1714–1784), daughter of King Frederick William I of Prussia. They had two children:
He also had four children with his mistress Elisabeth Wünsch, a miller's daughter. Both illegitimate sons, Friedrich Karl (1734–1796) and Friedrich Ferdinand Ludwig (1748–1811), and daughters Wilhelmine Eleonore (1743–1768) and Louise Charlotte (1746–1747) received palaces and the titles Freiherren and Freiinen von Falkenhausen.

</doc>
<doc id="19491452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491452" title="Konrad Wirnhier">
Konrad Wirnhier

Konrad Wirnhier (7 July 1937 in Pfarrkirchen - 2 June 2002) was a German sports shooter and Olympic Champion. He won Gold medal in "skeet shooting" at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich.

</doc>
<doc id="19491491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491491" title="Tangent lines to circles">
Tangent lines to circles

In Euclidean plane geometry, a tangent line to a circle is roughly a line through a pair of infinitely close points on the circle. Tangent lines to circles form the subject of several theorems, and play an important role in many geometrical constructions and proofs. Since the tangent line to a circle at a point P is perpendicular to the radius to that point, theorems involving tangent lines often involve radial lines and orthogonal circles.
Tangent lines to one circle.
A tangent line "t" to a circle "C" intersects the circle at a single point T. For comparison, secant lines intersect a circle at two points, whereas another line may not intersect a circle at all. This property of tangent lines is preserved under many geometrical transformations, such as scalings, rotation, translations, inversions, and map projections. In technical language, these transformations do not change the incidence structure of the tangent line and circle, even though the line and circle may be deformed.
The radius of a circle is perpendicular to the tangent line through its endpoint on the circle's circumference. Conversely, the perpendicular to a radius through the same endpoint is a tangent line. The resulting geometrical figure of circle and tangent line has a reflection symmetry about the axis of the radius.
No tangent line can be drawn through a point in the interior of a circle, since any such line must be a secant line. However, "two" tangent lines can be drawn to a circle from a point P outside of the circle. The geometrical figure of a circle and both tangent lines likewise has a reflection symmetry about the radial axis joining P to the center point O of the circle. Thus the lengths of the segments from P to the two tangent points are equal. By the secant-tangent theorem, the square of this tangent length equals the power of the point P in the circle "C". This power equals the product of distances from P to any two intersection points of the circle with a secant line passing through P.
The tangent line "t" and the tangent point T have a conjugate relationship to one another, which has been generalized into the idea of pole points and polar lines. The same reciprocal relation exists between a point P outside the circle and the secant line joining its two points of tangency.
If a point P is exterior to a circle with center O, and if the tangent lines from P touch the circle at points T and S, then ∠TPS and ∠TOS are supplementary (sum to 180°).
If a chord TM is drawn from the tangency point T of exterior point P and ∠PTM ≤ 90° then ∠PTM = (1/2)∠MOT.
Geometrical constructions.
It is relatively straightforward to construct a line "t" tangent to a circle at a point T on the circumference of the circle. A line "a" is drawn from O, the center of the circle, through the radial point T; the line "t" is the perpendicular line to "a". One method for constructing this perpendicular is as follows. Placing the compass point on T with the circle's radius "r", a second point G is identified on the radial line "a"; thus, T is the midpoint of the line segment OG. Two intersecting circles of the same radius "R">"r" are drawn, centered on O and G, respectively. The line drawn through their two points of intersection is the tangent line.
Thales' theorem may be used to construct the tangent lines to a point P external to the circle "C". A circle is drawn centered on Q, the midpoint of the line segment OP, where O is again the center of the circle "C". The intersection points T1 and T2 are the tangent points for lines passing through P, by the following argument. The line segments OT1 and OT2 are radii of the circle "C"; since both are inscribed in a semicircle, they are perpendicular to the line segments PT1 and PT2, respectively. But only a tangent line is perpendicular to the radial line. Hence, the two lines from P and passing through T1 and T2 are tangent to the circle "C".
Tangent quadrilateral theorem and inscribed circles.
A tangential quadrilateral ABCD is a closed figure of four straight sides that are tangent to a given circle "C". Equivalently, the circle "C" is inscribed in the quadrilateral ABCD. By the Pitot theorem, the sums of opposite sides of any such quadrilateral are equal, i.e.,
This conclusion follows from the equality of the tangent segments from the four vertices of the quadrilateral. Let the tangent points be denoted as P (on segment AB), Q (on segment BC), R (on segment CD) and S (on segment DA). The symmetric tangent segments about each point of ABCD are equal, e.g., BP=BQ="b", CQ=CR="c", DR=DS="d", and AS=AP="a".
But each side of the quadrilateral is composed of two such tangent segments
proving the theorem. 
The converse is also true: a circle can be inscribed into every quadrilateral in which the lengths of opposite sides sum to the same value.
This theorem and its converse have various uses. For example, they show immediately that no rectangle can have an inscribed circle unless it is a square, and that every rhombus has an inscribed circle, whereas a general parallelogram does not.
Tangent lines to two circles.
For two circles, there are generally four distinct lines that are tangent to both (bitangent) – if the two circles are outside each other – but in degenerate cases there may be any number between zero and four bitangent lines; these are addressed below. For two of these, the external tangent lines, the circles fall on the same side of the line; for the two others, the internal tangent lines, the circles fall on opposite sides of the line. The external tangent lines intersect in the external homothetic center, whereas the internal tangent lines intersect at the internal homothetic center. Both the external and internal homothetic centers lie on the line of centers (the line connecting the centers of the two circles), closer to the center of the smaller circle: the internal center is in the segment between the two circles, while the external center is not between the points, but rather outside, on the side of the center of the smaller circle. If the two circles have equal radius, there are still four bitangents, but the external tangent lines are parallel and there is no external center in the affine plane; in the projective plane, the external homothetic center lies at the point at infinity corresponding to the slope of these lines.
Outer tangent.
The red line joining the points ("x"3,"y"3) and ("x"4,"y"4) is the outer tangent between the two circles. Given points ("x"1,"y"1), ("x"2,"y"2) the points ("x"3,"y"3), ("x"4,"y"4) can easily
be calculated by equating the angle theta and adding the "x","y"-coordinates of the triangle(theta) to the original coordinates ("x"1,"y"1) as shown in the figure.
Inner tangent.
An inner tangent is a tangent that intersects the segment joining two circles' centers. Note that the inner tangent will not be defined for cases when the two circles overlap.
Construction.
The bitangent lines can be constructed either by constructing the homothetic centers, as described at that article, and then constructing the tangent lines through the homothetic center that is tangent to one circle, by one of the methods described above. The resulting line will then be tangent to the other circle as well. Alternatively, the tangent lines and tangent points can be constructed more directly, as detailed below. Note that in degenerate cases these constructions break down; to simplify exposition this is not discussed in this section, but a form of the construction can work in limit cases (e.g., two circles tangent at one point).
Synthetic geometry.
Let O1 and O2 be the centers of the two circles, "C"1 and "C"2 and let "r"1 and "r"2 be their radii, with "r"1 > "r"2; in other words, circle "C"1 is defined as the larger of the two circles. Two different methods may be used to construct the external and internal tangent lines.
A new circle "C"3 of radius "r"1 − "r"2 is drawn centered on O1. Using the method above, two lines are drawn from O2 that are tangent to this new circle. These lines are parallel to the desired tangent lines, because the situation corresponds to shrinking both circles "C"1 and "C"2 by a constant amount, "r"2, which shrinks "C"2 to a point. Two radial lines may be drawn from the center O1 through the tangent points on "C"3; these intersect "C"1 at the desired tangent points. The desired external tangent lines are the lines perpendicular to these radial lines at those tangent points, which may be constructed as described above.
A new circle "C"3 of radius "r"1 + "r"2 is drawn centered on O1. Using the method above, two lines are drawn from O2 that are tangent to this new circle. These lines are parallel to the desired tangent lines, because the situation corresponds to shrinking "C"2 to a point while expanding "C"1 by a constant amount, "r"2. Two radial lines may be drawn from the center O1 through the tangent points on "C"3; these intersect "C"1 at the desired tangent points. The desired internal tangent lines are the lines perpendicular to these radial lines at those tangent points, which may be constructed as described above.
Analytic geometry.
Let the circles have centres "c"1 = ("x"1,"y"1) and "c"2 = ("x"2,"y"2) with radius "r"1 and "r"2 respectively. Expressing a line by the equation formula_3 with the normalization "a"2 + "b"2 = 1, then a bitangent line satisfies:
Solving for formula_4 by subtracting the first from the second yields
where Δ"x" = "x"2 − "x"1, Δ"y" = "y"2 − "y"1 and Δ"r" = "r"2 − "r"1.
If formula_5 is the distance from "c"1 to "c"2 we can normalize by "X" = Δ"x"/"d", "Y" = Δ"y"/"d" and "R" = Δ"r"/"d" to simplify equations, yielding the equations "aX" + "bY" = "R" and "a"2 + "b"2 = 1, solve these to get two solutions ("k" = ±1):
Geometrically this corresponds to computing the angle formed by the tangent lines and the line of centers, and then using that to rotate the equation for the line of centers to yield an equation for the tangent line. The angle is computed by computing the trigonometric functions of a right triangle whose vertices are the (external) homothetic center, a center of a circle, and a tangent point; the hypotenuse lies on the tangent line, the radius is opposite the angle, and the adjacent side lies on the line of centers.
("X", "Y") is the unit vector pointing from "c"1 to "c"2, while "R" is formula_6 where formula_7 is the angle between the line of centers and a tangent line. formula_8 is then formula_9 (depending on the sign of formula_7, equivalently the direction of rotation), and the above equations are rotation of ("X", "Y") by formula_11 using the rotation matrix:
The above assumes each circle has positive radius. If "r"1 is positive and "r"2 negative then "c"1 will lie to the left of each line and "c"2 to the right, and the two tangent lines will cross. In this way all four solutions are obtained. Switching signs of both radii switches "k" = 1 and "k" = −1.
Vectors.
In general the points of tangency "t"1 and "t"2 for the four lines tangent to two circles with centers "v"1 and "v"2 and radii "r"1 and "r"2 are given by solving the simultaneous equations:
These equations express that the tangent line, which is parallel to formula_14 is perpendicular to the radii, and that the tangent points lie on their respective circles.
These are four quadratic equations in two two-dimensional vector variables, and in general position will have four pairs of solutions.
Degenerate cases.
Two distinct circles may between zero and four bitangent lines, depending on configuration; these can be classified in terms of the distance between the centers and the radii. If counted with multiplicity (counting a common tangent twice) there are zero, two, or four bitangent lines. Bitangent lines can also be generalized to circles with negative or zero radius. The degenerate cases and the multiplicities can also be understood in terms of limits of other configurations – e.g., a limit of two circles that almost touch, and moving one so that they touch, or a circle with small radius shrinking to a circle of zero radius.
Finally, if the two circles are identical, any tangent to the circle is a common tangent and hence (external) bitangent, so there is a circle's worth of bitangents.
Further, the notion of bitangent lines can be extended to circles with negative radius (the same locus of points, formula_20 but considered "inside out"), in which case if the radii have opposite sign (one circle has negative radius and the other has positive radius) the external and internal homothetic centers and external and internal bitangents are switched, while if the radii have the same sign (both positive radii or both negative radii) "external" and "internal" have the same usual sense (switching one sign switches them, so switching both switches them back).
Bitangent lines can also be defined when one or both of the circles has radius zero. In this case the circle with radius zero is a double point, and thus any line passing through it intersects the point with multiplicity two, hence is "tangent". If one circle has radius zero, a bitangent line is simply a line tangent to the circle and passing through the point, and is counted with multiplicity two. If both circles have radius zero, then the bitangent line is the line they define, and is counted with multiplicity four.
Note that in these degenerate cases the external and internal homothetic center do generally still exist (the external center is at infinity if the radii are equal), except if the circles coincide, in which case the external center is not defined, or if both circles have radius zero, in which case the internal center is not defined.
Applications.
Belt problem.
The internal and external tangent lines are useful in solving the "belt problem", which is to calculate the length of a belt or rope needed to fit snugly over two pulleys. If the belt is considered to be a mathematical line of negligible thickness, and if both pulleys are assumed to lie in exactly the same plane, the problem devolves to summing the lengths of the relevant tangent line segments with the lengths of circular arcs subtended by the belt. If the belt is wrapped about the wheels so as to cross, the interior tangent line segments are relevant. Conversely, if the belt is wrapped exteriorly around the pulleys, the exterior tangent line segments are relevant; this case is sometimes called the "pulley problem".
Tangent lines to three circles: Monge's theorem.
For three circles denoted by "C"1, "C"2, and "C"3, there are three pairs of circles ("C"1"C"2, "C"2"C"3, and "C"1"C"3). Since each pair of circles has two homothetic centers, there are six homothetic centers altogether. Gaspard Monge showed in the early 19th century that these six points lie on four lines, each line having three collinear points.
Tangent lines and billiards.
Picture a tangent line sliding down nearly a quarter of a circle of the ghost ball. Measuring this the intersect and adding that to the count provides a method to make a pool shot.
The cue ball tangent line aiming system uses the angle of the cue stick as a tangent line to create two tangent lines on the cue ball to look down at the object ball with. These three points where a circle touches the box offer three points to stare down at the object ball. The two tangent lines and the middle of the cue ball create three dots in a scope that intersect the line through the object ball to the pocket or the 90 degree L shape drawn from the middle of the object ball.
The cue ball down the middle and its placement on the object ball does not use a tangent line to calculate. One ball length equals 45 degrees, two balls 22.5 degrees. Starting location: 0,0 corridates is the center of the ghost ball. Tangent line closed to the ball. The dot travels down the line from the pocket to the object ball. The count is half a ball. One ball is 1/4 and is the place of impact, two ball is 1/8 and is the middle of the object ball. Added to the count is the tangent line x intersect. The count for the tangent line not closed to ball where the dot travels down the 90 degree shape is a ball and half plus the tangent, so 3 balls from the middle of the object ball is 1/4, 6 balls is 1/8 plus the tangent. Added to the count is the tangent line y intersect. A snooker player knowing somewhat how to calculate this will be a fine shoot.
Problem of Apollonius.
Many special cases of Apollonius' problem involve finding a circle that is tangent to one or more lines. The simplest of these is to construct circles that are tangent to three given lines (the LLL problem). To solve this problem, the center of any such circle must lie on an angle bisector of any pair of the lines; there are two angle-bisecting lines for every intersection of two lines. The intersections of these angle bisectors give the centers of solution circles. There are four such circles in general, the inscribed circle of the triangle formed by the intersection of the three lines, and the three exscribed circles.
A general Apollonius problem can be transformed into the simpler problem of circle tangent to one circle and two parallel lines (itself a special case of the LLC special case). To accomplish this, it suffices to scale two of the three given circles until they just touch, i.e., are tangent. An inversion in their tangent point with respect to a circle of appropriate radius transforms the two touching given circles into two parallel lines, and the third given circle into another circle. Thus, the solutions may be found by sliding a circle of constant radius between two parallel lines until it contacts the transformed third circle. Re-inversion produces the corresponding solutions to the original problem.
Generalizations.
The concept of a tangent line to one or more circles can be generalized in several ways. First, the conjugate relationship between tangent points and tangent lines can be generalized to pole points and polar lines, in which the pole points may be anywhere, not only on the circumference of the circle. Second, the union of two circles is a special (reducible) case of a quartic plane curve, and the external and internal tangent lines are the bitangents to this quartic curve. A generic quartic curve has 28 bitangents.
A third generalization considers tangent circles, rather than tangent lines; a tangent line can be considered as a tangent circle of infinite radius. In particular, the external tangent lines to two circles are limiting cases of a family of circles which are internally or externally tangent to both circles, while the internal tangent lines are limiting cases of a family of circles which are internally tangent to one and externally tangent to the other of the two circles.
In Möbius or inversive geometry, lines are viewed as circles through a point "at infinity" and for any line and any circle, there is a Möbius transformation which maps one to the other. In Möbius geometry, tangency between a line and a circle becomes a special case of tangency between two circles. This equivalence is extended further in Lie sphere geometry.

</doc>
<doc id="19491500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491500" title="Hans Kjeld Rasmussen">
Hans Kjeld Rasmussen

Hans Kjeld Rasmussen (born November 10, 1954 in Glostrup, Hovedstaden) is a Danish sports shooter and Olympic Champion. He won Gold medal in "skeet shooting" at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="19491513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491513" title="Federal Airports Corporation">
Federal Airports Corporation

The Federal Airports Corporation (FAC) was a business enterprise of the Government of Australia responsible for the operation of major passenger airports in Australia. At the beginning of 1997 the corporation operated 22 airports and handled over 60 million passenger annually.
It was established by an Act of Parliament in 1987 and commenced operation in January 1988. Discussion of the privatisation of airport operation in Australia commenced in the early 1990s, with a firm decision made in 1996. Each airport would be leased to an individual operator for 50 years, with an option for a 49 year extension. On 30 June 1998 all significant assets and liabilities of the FAC were transferred to the new airport lessee companies. However, the FAC continued airport operations until 24 September 1998 and the transfer of residual assets and liabilities to the Commonwealth of Australia was not completed until 8 September 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="19491570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491570" title="Savushun">
Savushun

Savushun () is one of the greatest Persian novel by Iranian female writer Simin Daneshvar. The story is about the life of a family in Shiraz faced to the occupation of Iran during World War II. "Savushun" has sold over five hundred thousand copies in Iran. Being translated to English and 16 other languages, this modern novel has been highly acclaimed in magazines and press such as USA Today and Kirkus reviews.
Daneshvar's strong knowledge and creative imagination have made "Savushun" one of the most influential modern works written in Persian. Daneshvar has used Folklore and myth in writing "Savushun".
Literally, "Su-va-shun" is the transformation of "Sia-va-shun", reminding of the traditional mourning for Siyâvash, a hero in Shahnameh.

</doc>
<doc id="19491581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491581" title="Josef Panáček">
Josef Panáček

Josef Panáček (born 8 September 1937 in Staré Město (Uherské Hradiště District)) is a former Czechoslovak sport shooter and Olympic Champion. He won Gold medal in "skeet shooting" at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal.

</doc>
<doc id="19491623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491623" title="St Lythans">
St Lythans

St Lythans () is an affluent hamlet and former parish in the Vale of Glamorgan, southeast Wales, just outside of western Cardiff. It lies southwest of Culverhouse Cross, west of Wenvoe and southwest of Twyn-yr-Odyn and is also connected by road from Dyffryn and the Five Mile Lane in the west. It is one of the wealthiest communities in the Vale of Glamorgan, containing some notable mansions and cottages, valued on average at over £500,000 ($800,000) as of 2011. The megalithic St Lythans burial chamber, over 6000 years old, lies 1 km to the west of the village and the hamlet also contains the St.Lythans Parish Church or Church of St Bleddian, a Grade II* listed building.
History.
In the 16th century, the manor in the area was acquired by the Button family, who built the first house about north west of the tumulus. The Manor's name was changed to Dyffryn St Nicholas and the house rebuilt in the 18th century, when the estate was purchased by Thomas Pryce. Worlton Manor was also prominent in this area for some time.
Commenting on St Lythans in his 'A Topographical Dictionary of The Dominion of Wales', London, 1811, Nicholas Carlisle, says "The Resident Population of this Parish, in 1801, was 72. It is 6m. W. S.W. from Caerdiff (sic)." and notes that "Here is a Druidical Altar." (Note the spelling of Cardiff, which corresponds closely to the current local Cardiff pronunciation.) 
By 1831, the population had grown by over 50% ("Lythan's, St. (St. Lythian), a parish in the hundred of Dinas-Powis, county of Glamorgan, South Wales, 6 miles (W. S. W.) from Cardiff, containing 103 inhabitants.") and Dyffryn House was being used as "a school for all the poor children of this parish". By now, the dolmen had been correctly identified: "There is a cromlech on St. Lythan's common." (From 'A Topographical Dictionary of Wales' by Samuel Lewis, 1833). Census records show that St Lythans' population fluctuated between 81 (1881) and 136 (1861) over the rest of the 19th century. In 1939, the Dyffryn Estate was leased to the Glamorgan County Council for 999 years.
The area is little changed from the mid 19th century, when Llowe's 'A Topographical Dictionary of Wales' (1849) said: "There is a cromlech on a farm belonging to the Dyfryn (sic) estate; it is near the road-side, about half a mile west of the church, on the approach to Dyfryn (sic) village".
Geography.
St Lythans is a small rural settlement in the Vale of Glamorgan, midway between the villages of Wenvoe and St Nicholas (, about four miles (6.4 km) west, south west of Cardiff.
The burial chamber stands in a field, Maesyfelin (), often shared by a herd of cows, to the south of St Lythans Road. Roadside parking is available, for 2—3 cars, about from the site, which is maintained by Cadw (), the Welsh Historic Environment Agency. Access to the field, which slopes gently downwards towards the north west, is permitted, and is free, via a kissing gate. There is no wheelchair access, although there is an uninterrupted view of the site from the gate, about away.
To the south of the hamlet is Goldsland and wood, where a notable archaeological excavation has been conducted by the University of Central Lancashire since 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19491635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491635" title="David Bailly">
David Bailly

David Bailly (1584–1657) was a Dutch Golden Age painter.
Biography.
Bailly was born at Leyden in the Dutch Republic, the son of a Flemish immigrant, calligrapher and fencing master, Peter Bailly. As a draftsman, David was pupil of his father and the copper engraver Jacques de Gheyn.
David Bailly apprenticed with a surgeon-painter Adriaan Verburg in Leiden and then with Cornelius van der Voort, a portrait painter in Amsterdam. According to Houbraken, in the winter of 1608, Bailly took his Grand Tour, travelling to Frankfurt, Nuremberg, Augsburg Hamburg, and via Tirol to Venice, and from there to Rome. On his return he spent five months in Venice, all the while working as a journeyman where he could, before crossing the alps again in 1609. On his return voyage, Bailly worked for several German princes including the Duke of Brunswick.
Upon his return to the Netherlands in 1613, Bailly began painting still-life subjects and portraits, including self-portraits and portraits of his students and professors at the University of Leiden. He is known for making a number of vanities paintings depicting transience of this life, with such ephemeral symbols as flowers and candles. In 1648 he became headman of the Leiden Guild of St. Luke.
Bailly taught his nephews Harmen and Pieter Steenwijck..

</doc>
<doc id="19491651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491651" title="George Wingrove Cooke">
George Wingrove Cooke

George Wingrove Cooke (1814 – 18 June 1865) was a British lawyer and historian.
Life.
Cooke was born in Bristol and studied at Jesus College, Oxford (where he obtained his Bachelor of Arts degree in 1834) and at the University of London, where he studied law before being called to the bar by Middle Temple in 1835. His first book ("Memoirs of Lord Bolingbroke", written whilst Cooke was an undergraduate), was published in 1835. Further books followed in the succeeding two years: "A History of Party from the Rise of the Whig and Tory Factions to the Passing of the Reform Bill" and a biography of the first Earl of Shaftesbury. Other publications reflected his employment on a commissions relating to tithes and enclosures. "Inside Sebastopol" was a description of his visit to the Crimea during the Crimean War in 1855, and his work for "The Times" as a special correspondent in 1857 during the Second Opium War led to another successful book. He stood unsuccessfully for Parliament on two occasions. After being appointed a commissioner in the copyhold commission in 1862, he fell ill in June 1865 and died of a heart attack on 18 June 1865.

</doc>
<doc id="19491654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491654" title="Madrid Masters (golf)">
Madrid Masters (golf)

The Bankia Madrid Masters is a European Tour golf tournament that was held for the first time in October 2008, taking the slot formerly used by the Open de Madrid. The 2011 event was held at the El Encín Golf Hotel.

</doc>
<doc id="19491664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491664" title="2003 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships – Singles">
2003 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships – Singles

Andy Roddick was the defending champion but lost in the final 3–6, 6–3, 6–4 against Andre Agassi.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="19491665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491665" title="When Good Times Go Good">
When Good Times Go Good

When Good Times Go Good is the ninth album by Mornington Peninsula, Melbourne indie band The Fauves.

</doc>
<doc id="19491681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491681" title="Petters Group Worldwide">
Petters Group Worldwide

Petters Group Worldwide was a diversified company based in Minnetonka, Minnesota that was turned into a $3.65 billion Ponzi scheme by its founder and CEO, Tom Petters. It currently has 3,200 employees and investments or full ownership in 60 companies, of which it actively managed 20, with offices in North America, South America, Asia, and Europe. Among its assets were Sun Country Airlines, Petters Warehouse Direct, and the remnants of Polaroid. Petters Group Worldwide had $2.3 billion in revenue in 2007.
On September 24, 2008, its headquarters and the homes of its top executives and some associated businesses were raided by the FBI. Wiretaps based on information gleaned from a confidential co-conspirator are alleged to detail the existence of a $2 billion investment fraud. The allegations include creating phony purchase orders from Sam's Club and BJ's to create the appearance of tremendous sales of merchandise. CEO Tom Petters is the central figure in the investigation. A federal court appointed Doug Kelley, a lawyer, as receiver for the Petters companies, excluding bankrupt Sun Country.
On October 13, 2008, Petters Group Worldwide filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy.
On December 2, 2009, Tom Petters was convicted on all counts related to this Ponzi scheme.
On April 8, 2010, Thomas J. Petters was sentenced to 50 years in federal prison for all counts related to running the Ponzi Scheme.
In early November 2010, the Hennepin County attorney's office filed drug possession charges against former Petters Group General Counsel David Baer, based on a safe full of illegal drugs under his office desk allegedly found by federal agents during the Sept. 24, 2008 raid. Baer subsequently received three years criminal probation for three felony drug convictions. He also received three years probation from the Minnesota Supreme Court pursuant to a complaint from the Office of Lawyers Professional Responsibility.

</doc>
<doc id="19491685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491685" title="Personal life of Marcus Tullius Cicero">
Personal life of Marcus Tullius Cicero

The Personal life of Marcus Tullius Cicero provided the underpinnings of one of the most significant politicians of the Roman Republic. Cicero, a Roman statesman, lawyer, political theorist, philosopher, and Roman constitutionalist, played a critical role in the transformation of the Roman Republic into the Roman Empire. A contemporary of Julius Caesar, Cicero is widely considered one of Rome's greatest orators and prose stylists.
Cicero is generally perceived to be one of the most versatile minds of ancient Rome. He introduced the Romans to the chief schools of Greek philosophy and created a Latin philosophical vocabulary, distinguishing himself as a linguist, translator, and philosopher. An impressive orator and successful lawyer, Cicero probably thought his political career his most important achievement. Today, he is appreciated primarily for his humanism and philosophical and political writings. His voluminous correspondence, much of it addressed to his friend Atticus, has been especially influential, introducing the art of refined letter writing to European culture. Cornelius Nepos, the 1st-century BC biographer of Atticus, remarked that Cicero's letters to Atticus contained such a wealth of detail "concerning the inclinations of leading men, the faults of the generals, and the revolutions in the government" that their reader had little need for a history of the period.
During the chaotic latter half of the first century BC, marked by civil wars and the dictatorship of Gaius Julius Caesar, Cicero championed a return to the traditional republican government. However, his career as a statesman was marked by inconsistencies and a tendency to shift his position in response to changes in the political climate. His indecision may be attributed to his sensitive and impressionable personality; he was prone to overreaction in the face of political and private change. "Would that he had been able to endure prosperity with greater self-control and adversity with more fortitude!" wrote C. Asinius Pollio, a contemporary Roman statesman and historian.
Childhood and family.
Cicero was born January 3, 106 BC, in Arpinum (modern-day Arpino), a hill town south of Rome. The Arpinians received Roman citizenship in 188 BC, but had started to speak Latin rather than their native Volscian before they were enfranchised by the Romans. The assimilation of nearby Italian communities into Roman society, which took place during the Second and First Centuries, made Cicero's future as a Roman statesman, orator and writer possible. Although a great master of Latin rhetoric and composition, Cicero was not "Roman" in the traditional sense; he was quite self-conscious of this for his entire life.
During this period in Roman history, if one was to be considered "cultured", it was necessary to be able to speak both Latin and Greek. The Roman upper class often preferred Greek to Latin in private correspondence, recognizing its more refined and precise expressions, and its greater subtlety and nuance. Knowledge about Greek culture and literature was extremely influential for upper-class Roman society. When crossing the Rubicon in 49 B.C., one of the most symbolic and infamous events in Roman history, Caesar is said to have quoted the Athenian playwright Menander. Greek was already being taught in Arpinum before the city was allied with Rome, which made assimilation into Roman society relatively seamless for the local elite. Cicero, like most of his contemporaries, was also educated in the teachings of the ancient Greek rhetoricians, and most prominent teachers of oratory of the time were themselves Greek. Cicero used his knowledge of Greek to translate many of the theoretical concepts of Greek philosophy into Latin, thus translating Greek philosophical works for a larger audience. He was so diligent in his studies of Greek culture and language as a youth that he was jokingly called the "little Greek boy" by his provincial family and friends. But it was precisely this obsession that tied him to the traditional Roman elite.
Cicero's parents were Marcus Tullius Cicero and Helvia, and he had a brother, Quintus Tullius Cicero, who later married Pomponia, the sister of Cicero's friend Atticus. Cicero's family belonged to the local gentry, "domi nobiles," but had no familial ties with the Roman senatorial class. Cicero was only distantly related to one notable person born in Arpinum, Gaius Marius. Marius led the "populares" faction during a civil war against the "optimates" of Lucius Cornelius Sulla in the 80s BC. Cicero received little political benefit from this connection. In fact, it may have hindered his political aims, as the Marian faction was ultimately defeated and anyone connected to the Marian regime was viewed as a potential troublemaker.
Cicero's father was a well-to-do "equestrian" (knight) with good connections in Rome. Though he was a semi-invalid who could not enter public life, he compensated for this by studying extensively. Although little is known about Cicero's mother, Helvia, it was common for the wives of important Roman citizens to be responsible for the management of the household. Cicero's brother Quintus wrote in a letter that she was a thrifty housewife.
Cicero's cognomen, personal surname, is Latin for chickpea. Romans often chose down-to-earth personal surnames. Plutarch explains that the name was originally given to one of Cicero's ancestors who had a cleft in the tip of his nose resembling a chickpea. Plutarch adds that Cicero was urged to change this deprecatory name when he entered politics, but refused, saying that he would make "Cicero" more glorious than "Scaurus" ("Swollen-ankled") and "Catulus" ("Puppy").
Studies.
According to Plutarch, Cicero was an extremely talented student, whose learning attracted attention from all over Rome, affording him the opportunity to study Roman law under Quintus Mucius Scaevola. In the same way, years later, a young Marcus Caelius Rufus and other young lawyers would study under Cicero; an association of the sort was considered a great honour to both teacher and pupil. He also had the support of his family's patrons, Marcus Aemilius Scaurus and Lucius Licinius Crassus. The latter was a model to Cicero both as an orator and as a statesman.
Cicero's fellow students with Scaevola were Gaius Marius Minor, Servius Sulpicius Rufus (who became a famous lawyer, one of the few whom Cicero considered superior to himself in legal matters), and Titus Pomponius. The latter two became Cicero's friends for life, and Pomponius (who received the cognomen "Atticus" for his philhellenism) would become Cicero's chief emotional support and adviser. "You are a second brother to me, an 'alter ego' to whom I can tell everything," Cicero wrote in one of his letters to Atticus.
In his youth, Cicero tried his hand at poetry, although his main interests lay elsewhere. His poetic works include translations of Homer and the "Phaenomena" of Aratus, which later influenced Virgil to use that poem in the "Georgics".
In the late 90s and early 80s BC Cicero fell in love with philosophy, which was to have a great role in his life. He would eventually introduce Greek philosophy to the Romans and create a philosophical vocabulary for it in Latin. The first philosopher he met was the Epicurean philosopher Phaedrus, when he was visiting Rome ca. 91 BC. His fellow student at Scaevola's, Titus Pomponius, accompanied him. Titus Pomponius (Atticus), unlike Cicero, would remain an Epicurean for the rest of his life.
In 87 BC, Philo of Larissa, the head of the Academy that was founded by Plato in Athens about 300 years earlier, arrived in Rome. Cicero, "inspired by an extraordinary zeal for philosophy", sat enthusiastically at his feet and absorbed Plato's philosophy, even calling Plato his god. He most admired Plato's moral and political seriousness, but he also respected his breadth of imagination. Cicero nonetheless rejected Plato's theory of Ideas.
Shortly thereafter, Cicero met Diodotus, an exponent of Stoicism. Stoicism had already been introduced to Roman society during the previous generation, and it maintained popular appeal among the Romans. Cicero did not completely accept stoicism's austere philosophy, but he did adopt a modified stoicism prevalent during the time. Diodotus the Stoic became Cicero's protégé and lived in his house until his death. Diodotus demonstrated a truly Stoic attitude when he continued to study and teach despite losing his sight.
Marriages.
Cicero married Terentia probably at the age of 27, in 79 BC. The marriage, which was a marriage of convenience, was harmonious for some 30 years. Terentia was of patrician background and a wealthy heiress, both important concerns for the ambitious young man that Cicero was at this time. One of her sisters, or a cousin, had been chosen to become a Vestal Virgin – a very great honour. Terentia was a strong-willed woman and (citing Plutarch) "she took more interest in her husband's political career than she allowed him to take in household affairs". She did not share Cicero's intellectual interests nor his agnosticism. Cicero laments to Terentia in a letter written during his exile in Greece that "neither the gods whom you have worshipped with such a devotion nor the men that I have ever served, have shown the slightest sign of gratitude toward us". She was a pious and probably a rather down-to-earth person.
In the 40s, Cicero's letters to Terentia became shorter and colder. He complained to his friends that Terentia had betrayed him but did not specify in what sense. Perhaps the marriage simply could not outlast the strain of the political upheaval in Rome, Cicero's involvement in it, and various other disputes between the two. The divorce appears to have taken place in 45 BC.
In late 46 BC, Cicero married a young girl, Publilia, who had been his ward. It is thought that Cicero needed her money, particularly after having to repay the dowry of Terentia, who came from a wealthy family. This marriage did not last long. Shortly after the marriage had taken place Cicero's daughter, Tullia, died. Publilia had been jealous of her and was so unsympathetic over her death that Cicero divorced her. Several friends of his, among them Caerellia, a woman who shared Cicero's interest in philosophy, tried to mend the break but he remained adamant.
Tullia and Marcus Minor.
It is commonly known that Cicero held great love for his daughter Tullia, although his marriage to Terentia was one of convenience. He describes her in a letter to his brother Quintus: "How affectionate, how modest, how clever! The express image of my face, my speech, my very soul." When she suddenly became ill in February 45 BC and died after having seemingly recovered from giving birth to a son in January, Cicero was stunned. "I have lost the one thing that bound me to life" he wrote to Atticus.
Atticus told him to come for a visit during the first weeks of his bereavement, so that he could comfort him when his pain was at its greatest. In Atticus' large library, Cicero read everything that the Greek philosophers had written about overcoming grief, "but my sorrow defeats all consolation." Caesar and Brutus sent him letters of condolence. So did his old friend and colleague, the lawyer Servius Sulpicius Rufus. He sent an exquisite letter that posterity has much admired, full of subtle, melancholy reflection on the transiency of all things.
After a while, he withdrew from all company to complete solitude in his newly acquired villa in Astura. It was in a lonely spot, but not far from Neapolis (modern Naples). For several months he just walked in the woods, crying. "I plunge into the dense wild wood early in the day and stay there until evening", he wrote to Atticus. Later he decided to write a book for himself on overcoming grief. This book, "Consolatio", was highly appreciated in antiquity (and made an immense impression on St. Augustine), but is unfortunately lost. A few fragments have survived, among them the poignant: "I have always fought against Fortune, and beaten her. Even in exile I played the man. But now I yield, and throw up my hand." He also planned to erect a small temple to the memory of Tullia, "his incomparable daughter." But he dropped this plan after a year, for reasons unknown.
Cicero hoped that his son Marcus would become a philosopher like him, but that was wishful thinking. Marcus himself wished for a military career. He joined the army of Pompey in 49 BC and after Pompey's defeat at Pharsalus 48 BC, he was pardoned by Caesar. Cicero sent him to Athens to study as a disciple of the peripatetic philosopher Kratippos in 48 BC, but he used this absence from "his father's vigilant eye" to "eat, drink and be merry."
After his father's murder, Marcus joined the army of the "Liberatores" but was later pardoned by Augustus. Augustus' bad conscience for having put Cicero on the proscription list during the Second Triumvirate led him to aid considerably Marcus Minor's career. He became an augur, and was nominated consul in 30 BC together with Augustus, and later appointed proconsul of Syria and the province of Asia.
Political and social thought.
Cicero's vision for the Republic was not simply the maintenance of the "status quo". Nor was it a straightforward desire to revitalise what many, such as Sallust, term the "moral degradation" of the republican system. Cicero envisioned a Rome ruled by a selfless nobility of successful individuals determining the fate of the nation via consensus in the Senate. Thanks to his equestrian and country background Cicero has a broader outlook, less marred by self-interest than those of the patricians of Rome.
Cicero aspired to a republican system dominated by a ruling aristocratic class of men, "who so conducted themselves as to win for their policy the approval of all good men." Further, he sought a "concordia ordinum", an alliance between the senators and the equites. This "harmony between the social classes," which he later developed into a "consensus omnium bonorum" to include "tota Italia" (all citizens of Italy), demonstrated Cicero's foresight as a statesman. He understood that fundamental change to the organization and the distribution of power within the Republic was required to secure its future. Cicero believed "the best men" would institute large-scale reforms which were contrary to their interests as the ruling oligarchy. Cicero believed that only "some sort of free state" would engender stability and justice.
Links with the equestrian class, combined with his status as a "novus homo" meant that Cicero was isolated from the optimates. Thus, it is not surprising that Cicero envisioned a "selfless nobility of successful individuals" rather than the patrician-dominated system. Senators had made huge profits by exploiting the provinces. Repeatedly, the oligarchy had proved to be short-sighted, reactionary and "operating with restricted and outmoded institutions that could no longer cope with the vast territories containing multifarious populations that was Rome at this point of its history". The repeated failings of the oligarchy were not only due to the leading patricians like Crassus and Hortensius, but also to the influx of conservative equites into the Senate's ranks.
The combination of the Roman governing system, used by the oligarchy to selfishly maximize economic exploitation, and the introduction of the business minded equites, increased the plundering of resources in the Empire. The large-scale extortion destabilized the political system further, which was continuously under pressure by both foreign wars and from the "populares". Moreover, this period of Roman history was marked by constant in-fighting between the senators and the equites over political power and control of the courts. The problem arose because Sulla originally enfranchised the "equites", but then these privileges were soon removed after he stepped down from office. Cicero, as an "eques", naturally backed their claims to participate in the legal process; moreover, the constant conflict was incompatible with his vision of a "concordia ordinum". The conflict between the two classes showed no signs of short-term resolution. The ruling class for over a century had showed nothing of "selfless service" to the Republic and through their actions only undermined its stability, contributing to the creation of a society ripe for revolution.
The establishment of individual power bases both within Rome and in the provinces undermined Cicero’s guiding principle of a free state, and thus the Roman Republic itself. This factionalised the Senate into cliques, which constantly engaged each other for political advantage. These cliques were the "optimates", led by such figures as Cato, and in later years Pompey, and the "populares", led by such men as Julius Caesar and Crassus. Although the "optimates" were generally republicans, some leaders of the "optimates" had distinctly dictatorial ways. Caesar, Crassus and Pompey were at one time the head of the First Triumvirate, which directly conflicted with the republican model as it did not comply with the system of holding a consulship for one year only. Cicero's vision for the Republic could not succeed if the "populares" maintained their position of power. Cicero did not envisage widespread reform, but a return to the "golden age" of the Republic. Despite Cicero’s attempts to court Pompey over to the republican side, he failed to secure either Pompey's genuine support or peace for Rome.
Death.
Although Cicero had not been a conspirator in Julius Caesar's assassination, he had sympathized with the assassins. This, plus a personal rivalry with Mark Antony, resulted in Cicero being added to the list of proscribed persons during the proscriptions of the Second Triumvirate. Reportedly, Octavian argued for two days against Cicero being added to the list.
Among the proscribed, Cicero was one of the most viciously and doggedly hunted. Other victims included the tribune Salvius, who, after siding with Antony, moved his support directly and fully to Cicero. Cicero was viewed with sympathy by a large segment of the public, and many people refused to report that they had seen him. He was caught December 7, 43 BC leaving his villa in Formiae in a litter going to the seaside from where he hoped to embark on a ship to Macedonia. When the assassins arrived his own slaves said they had not seen him, but he was given away by Philologus, a freed slave of his brother Quintus Cicero.
Cicero's last words were said to have been, "There is nothing proper about what you are doing, soldier, but do try to kill me properly." He was decapitated by his pursuers. Once discovered, he bowed to his captors, leaning his head out of the litter in a gladiatorial gesture to ease the task. By baring his neck and throat to the soldiers, he was indicating that he wouldn't resist. His hands were cut off as well and nailed and displayed along with the head on the Rostra in the Forum Romanum according to the tradition of Marius and Sulla, both of whom had displayed the heads of their enemies in the Forum. He was the only victim of the Triumvirate's proscriptions to be displayed in that manner. According to Cassius Dio (in a story often mistakenly attributed to Plutarch), Antony's wife Fulvia took Cicero's head, pulled out his tongue, and jabbed it repeatedly with her hairpin in final revenge against Cicero's power of speech.
Cicero's son, Marcus Tullius Cicero Minor, during his year as a consul in 30 BC, avenged his father's death somewhat when he announced to the Senate Mark Antony's naval defeat at Actium in 31 BC by Octavian and his capable commander-in-chief Agrippa. In the same meeting the Senate voted to prohibit all future Antonius descendants from using the name Marcus.
Later on, Octavian came upon one of his grandsons reading a book by Cicero. The boy tried to conceal it, fearing his grandfather's reaction. Octavian (now called Augustus) took the book from him, read a part of it, and then handed the volume back, saying: "He was a learned man, dear child, a learned man who loved his country".
Legacy.
After the civil war, Cicero recognised that the end of the Republic was almost certain. He stated that "the Republic, the Senate, the law courts are mere ciphers and that not one of us has any constitutional position at all." The civil war had destroyed the Republic. It wreaked destruction and decimated resources throughout the Roman Empire. Julius Caesar's victory had been absolute. Caesar's assassination failed to reinstate the Republic, despite further attacks on the Romans’ freedom by "Caesar’s own henchman, Mark Antony." His death only highlighted the stability of "one man rule" by the ensuing chaos and further civil wars that broke out with Caesar’s murderers, Brutus and Cassius, and finally between his own supporters, Mark Antony and Octavian.
Cicero remained the "Republic's last true friend" as he spoke out for his ideals and of the "libertas" (freedom) the Romans enjoyed for centuries. Cicero's vision had some fundamental flaws. It harked back to a "golden age" that may never have existed. Cicero's idea of the "concordia ordinum" was too idealistic. Also, Roman institutions had failed to keep pace with Rome's enormous expansion. The Republic had reached such a state of disrepair that regardless of Cicero’s talents and passion, Rome lacked "persons loyal to Republic to trust with armies." Cicero lacked the political power and any military skill or resources, to enforce his ideal. To enforce republican values and institutions was "ipso facto" contrary to republican values. He also failed to a certain extent to recognize the real power structures that operated in Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="19491688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491688" title="Marmara (newspaper)">
Marmara (newspaper)

Marmara () (sometimes "Nor Marmara" - New Marmara) is an Armenian-language daily newspaper published since August 31 1940 in Istanbul, Turkey. It was established by Armenian journalist and foreign correspondent Souren Shamlian. Initially a weekly newspaper, it was soon published daily due to intense interest. Following Shamlian's death in 1951 his daughter and her husband, Seta and Bedros Zobyan, took over the paper. When the Zobyans left Istanbul for Canada in 1967, they left the paper to Rober Haddeciyan (also known as Robert Haddeler), a writer and journalist who was already working for the paper.
"Marmara" is published six times a week (except on Sundays). The Friday edition contains a section in Turkish as well. Circulation is reported at 2500 per issue. 

</doc>
<doc id="19491690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491690" title="Charles Clark (publisher)">
Charles Clark (publisher)

Charles David Lawson Clark (12 June 1933 – 6 October 2006) was a British publisher and lawyer, who was an authority on the law of copyright.
Life.
Clark was born in London and studied at Edinburgh Academy before reading law at Jesus College, Oxford. He was an editor for the legal publishers Sweet and Maxwell and was then called to the bar by Inner Temple in 1960. He then worked for Penguin Books, commissioning various titles on the “Pelican” list and the New Penguin Shakespeare. He was appointed managing director of Penguin Education in 1966, and also of Allen Lane/Penguin Press (which printed hardback books) in 1967. He then moved to Hutchinson as managing director, succeeding Sir Robert Lusty, then became chairman, with authors including Frederick Forsyth and Anthony Burgess.
He assisted the Publishers' Association with its submissions to the Whitford committee on copyright law, which led to the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988. He became legal advisor to the Association after leaving Hutchinson in 1984, working with copyright issues at national and international level (including the consequences of European legislation such as extending copyright from 50 to 70 years after the year in which the author died, and of membership of the World Trade Organisation. He was concerned to ensure that there was a fair system of remuneration for authors and for publishers. He helped establish the Copyright Licensing Agency in 1983, acting as its legal adviser until 1999. He also worked for the Federation of European Publishers and International Publishers Copyright Council on copyright matters, and was general editor of "Publishing Agreements: a Book of Precedents" (1980). Other work was published under the title "The Answer to the Machine is in the Machine and Other Collected Writings" (2005). His knowledge of copyright law led to him being described by Mark Le Fanu, of the Society of Authors, as "the peer of contracts experts, Lord Clark of Copyright".

</doc>
<doc id="19491691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491691" title="Political career of Marcus Tullius Cicero">
Political career of Marcus Tullius Cicero

The Political career of Marcus Tullius Cicero began in 75 BC when Marcus Tullius Cicero was elected to political office, and ended in 43 BC, when he was assassinated upon the orders of Mark Antony. Cicero, a Roman statesman, lawyer, political theorist, philosopher, and Roman constitutionalist, reached the height of Roman power, the Consulship, and played a critical role in the transformation of the Roman Republic into the Roman Empire. A contemporary of Julius Caesar, Cicero is widely considered one of Rome's greatest orators and prose stylists.
Cicero is generally perceived to be one of the most versatile minds of ancient Rome. He introduced the Romans to the chief schools of Greek philosophy and created a Latin philosophical vocabulary, distinguishing himself as a linguist, translator, and philosopher. An impressive orator and successful lawyer, Cicero probably thought his political career his most important achievement. Today, he is appreciated primarily for his humanism and philosophical and political writings. His voluminous correspondence, much of it addressed to his friend Atticus, has been especially influential, introducing the art of refined letter writing to European culture. Cornelius Nepos, the 1st-century BC biographer of Atticus, remarked that Cicero's letters to Atticus contained such a wealth of detail "concerning the inclinations of leading men, the faults of the generals, and the revolutions in the government" that their reader had little need for a history of the period.
During the chaotic latter half of the first century BC, marked by civil wars and the dictatorship of Gaius Julius Caesar, Cicero championed a return to the traditional republican government. However, his career as a statesman was marked by inconsistencies and a tendency to shift his position in response to changes in the political climate. His indecision may be attributed to his sensitive and impressionable personality; he was prone to overreaction in the face of political and private change. "Would that he had been able to endure prosperity with greater self-control and adversity with more fortitude!" wrote C. Asinius Pollio, a contemporary Roman statesman and historian.
Early career.
Cicero's childhood dream was "Always to be best and far to excel the others," a line taken from Homer's "Iliad".
Cicero pursued "dignitas" (position) and "auctoritas" (authority), symbolized by the purple-bordered toga praetexta and the Roman lictors' rod. There was just one path to these: public civil service along the steps of Cursus honorum. However, in 90 BC he was too young to apply to any of the offices of "Cursus honorum" except to acquire the preliminary experience in warfare that a career in civil service demanded. In 90 BC–88 BC, Cicero served both Gnaeus Pompeius Strabo and Lucius Cornelius Sulla as they campaigned in the Social War, though he had no taste for military life. Cicero was first and foremost an intellectual. Several years later he would write to his friend, Titus Pomponius Atticus who was collecting marble statues for Cicero's villas: "Why do you send me a statue of Mars? You know I am a pacifist!"
Cicero started his career as a lawyer around 83-81 BC. His first major case of which a written record is still existent was his 80 BC defense of Sextus Roscius on the charge of parricide. Taking this case was a courageous move for Cicero; parricide and matricide were considered appalling crimes, and the people whom Cicero accused of the murder—the most notorious being Chrysogonus—were favorites of Sulla. At this time it would have been easy for Sulla to have Cicero murdered, as Cicero was barely known in the Roman courts.
His arguments were divided into three parts: in the first, he defended Roscius and attempted to prove he did not commit the murder; in the second, he attacked those who likely committed the crime—Titus Roscius Capito and Titus Roscius Magnus relatives of the defendant—and stated how the crime benefited them more than Sextus; in the third, he attacked Chrysogonus, stating Roscius' father was murdered to obtain his estate at a cheap price. On the strength of this case, Roscius was acquitted.
Cicero's successful defense was an indirect challenge to the dictator Sulla. In 79 BC, Cicero left for Greece, Asia Minor and Rhodes, perhaps due to the potential wrath of Sulla, however the delay of around a year, in which time he married hardly points to a panicked flight, and his own related reasons of poor health appear much more likely. Accompanying him were his brother Quintus, his cousin Lucius, and probably Servius Sulpicius Rufus.
Cicero travelled to Athens, where he again met Atticus, who had fled war-torn Italy to Athens in the 80s. Atticus had become an honorary citizen of Athens and introduced Cicero to some significant Athenians. In Athens, Cicero visited the sacred sites of the philosophers. The most important of them was the Academy of Plato, where he conversed with the present head of the Academy, Antiochus. Because Cicero's philosophical stance was very similar to that of the New Academy as represented by Philo of Larissa, he felt that Antiochus had moved too far away from his predecessor. He was also initiated into the Eleusinian Mysteries, which made a strong impression on him, and consulted the oracle at Delphi. But first and foremost he consulted different rhetoricians in order to learn a less exhausting style of speaking. His chief instructor was the rhetorician Apollonius Molon of Rhodes. He instructed Cicero in a more expansive and less intense (and less strenuous on the throat) form of oratory that would define Cicero's individual style in years to come.
Entry into politics.
After his return to Rome, Cicero's reputation rose very quickly, assisting his elevation to office as a quaestor in 75 BC (the next step on the "cursus honorum"). Quaestors, 20 of whom were elected annually, dealt with the financial administration at Rome or assisted in financial matters as propraetor or proconsul (both governors) in one of the provinces of Rome. Cicero served as quaestor in western Sicily in 75 BC and demonstrated honesty and integrity in his dealings with the inhabitants. As a result, the grateful Sicilians became his clients, and he was asked by them to prosecute Gaius Verres, a governor of Sicily, who had badly plundered their homeland.
During his stay in Sicily he discovered, hidden by thick bushes and undergrowth, the tomb of Archimedes of Syracuse, on whose gravestone was carved Archimedes' favourite discovery in geometry: that the ratio of the volume of a sphere to that of the smallest right circular cylinder in which it fits is 2:3.
The prosecution of Gaius Verres in 70 BC was a great forensic success for Cicero. Verres' defense counsel was Rome's greatest lawyer and orator in those days, Quintus Hortensius. Verres was convicted, and he fled into exile. Upon the conclusion of this case, Cicero came to be considered the greatest orator in Rome, surpassing Hortensius. Relations between Hortensius and Cicero remained friendly despite this rivalry.
Oratory was considered a great art in ancient Rome and an important tool for disseminating knowledge and promoting oneself in elections. Oratory was important because there was only one "newspaper" in Rome, created in 130 BC, Acta Diurna (Daily Resolutions), which was published by the Senate and of limited circulation.
Despite his great success as an advocate, Cicero lacked reputable ancestry: he was neither noble nor patrician. A further hindrance was that the last memorable "new man" to have been elected consulate without consular ancestors had been the politically radical and militarily innovative Gaius Marius—a distant relative of Cicero's who also came from Arpinum.
Cicero grew up in a time of civil unrest and war. Sulla’s victory in the first of many civil wars led to a new constitutional framework that undermined "libertas" (liberty), the fundamental value of the Roman Republic. Nonetheless, Sulla’s reforms strengthened the position of the equestrian class, contributing to that class’s growing political power. Cicero was both an Italian "eques" and a "novus homo", but more importantly he was a constitutionalist, meaning he did not wish to side with the "populares" faction and embark on a campaign of "seditious" reform. His social class and loyalty to the Republic ensured he would "command the support and confidence of the people as well as the Italian middle classes." This appeal was undercut by his lack of social standing and a reliable and viable power base, as the "equites", his primary base of support, did not hold much power. The "optimates" faction never truly accepted Cicero, despite his outstanding talents and vision for the security of the Republic. This undermined his efforts to reform the Republic while preserving the constitution. Nevertheless, he was able to successfully ascend the Roman "cursus honorum", holding each magistracy at or near the youngest possible age: quaestor in 75 (age 31), curule aedile in 69 (age 37), praetor in 66 (age 40), and finally consul in 63 (age 43).
Praetor 66.
Cicero's popularity approached its heights during his aedileship and the subsequent years when he eclipsed Quintus Hortensius as Rome's leading orator. Consequently he was not only elected to all the chief offices at the first attempt and the minimum permitted age (always a difficult task for a "novus homo" without noble or even senatorial ancestry), but returned first of all the candidates he stood against every time. That was rarely achieved even by sons of the highest and wealthiest noble families and underlines the genuine depth and breadth of Cicero's popularity among Romans of all but the poorest classes. This unprecedented phenomenon for a "new man" is perhaps best underlined by the elections in 67 BC for the praetors of 66. There were eight annual praetorships and many more candidates than positions as the praetorship was the last and most important qualification to stand for the greatest prize of all, the consulate. In 67 the praetorian elections were suspended twice in mid course before finally being completed, and thus held three times in all in the early voting stages. Cicero was elected in first place on all three occasions, and with the support of every voting unit ("centuria").
This represents a "perfect" electoral record, in the sense that it could not be bettered. This had probably not happened before and is very important in understanding Cicero's political success and rapidly growing self-confidence as well as a simultaneous rising tide of personal jealousy and hostility towards him among the nobility.
Consul.
Cicero was elected Consul for the year 63 BC, defeating patrician candidate Lucius Sergius Catilina (Catiline). During his year in office he thwarted a conspiracy to overthrow the Roman Republic, led by Catiline. Cicero procured a "Senatus Consultum de Re Publica Defendenda" (a declaration of martial law, also called the "Senatus Consultum Ultimum"), and he drove Catiline from the city with four vehement speeches which came to be known as the Catiline Orations. The Orations listed Catiline and his followers' debaucheries, and denounced Catiline's senatorial sympathizers as roguish and dissolute debtors, clinging to Catiline as a final and desperate hope. Cicero demanded that Catiline and his followers leave the city. At the conclusion of his first speech, Catiline burst from the Temple of Jupiter Stator, where the Senate had convened, and made his way to Etruria. In his following speeches Cicero did not directly address Catiline but instead addressed the Senate. By these speeches Cicero wanted to prepare the Senate for the worst possible case; he also delivered more evidence against Catiline.
Catiline fled and left behind his followers to start the revolution from within while Catiline assaulted the city with an army recruited from among Sulla’s veterans in Etruria. Many peasant farmers who were racked by debt also supported Catiline in the countryside. These five parties had attempted to involve the Allobroges, a tribe of Transalpine Gaul, in their plot, but Cicero, working with the Gauls, was able to seize letters which incriminated the five conspirators and forced them to confess their crimes in front of the Senate.
The Senate then deliberated upon the conspirators' punishment. As it was the dominant advisory body to the various legislative assemblies rather than a judicial body, there were limits to its power; however, martial law was in effect, and it was feared that simple house arrest or exile — the standard options — would not remove the threat to the state. First, Decimus Junius Silanus was asked his opinion and proposed life imprisonment and that the conspirators should be made to suffer the "extremest punishments"; many acceded to his opinion, but then many were swayed when the matter came to a young Julius Caesar, who decried the precedent it would set and argued in favor of life imprisonment in various Italian towns of Cicero's choosing and the confiscation of all of their personal property. Lutatius Catulus then opposed Caesar's proposal and Cato followed him - rising in defense of the death penalty and slated Caesar for his proposed leniency and accused him of involvement, and with that the Senate were swayed and agreed on Cato's proposal. Cicero had the conspirators taken to the Tullianum, the notorious Roman prison, where they were strangled. Cicero himself accompanied the former consul Publius Cornelius Lentulus Sura, one of the conspirators, to the Tullianum. After the executions had been carried out, Cicero seeing many members of the conspiracy still assembled in the forum, announced the deaths by the formulaic expression "Vixerunt" ("they have lived," which was meant to ward off ill fortune by avoiding the direct mention of death).
Consequently Cicero partly due to the help of Cato received the honorific ""Pater Patriae"" for his efforts to suppress the conspiracy, but lived thereafter in fear of trial or exile for having put Roman citizens to death without trial. He also received the first public thanksgiving for a civic accomplishment; previously this had been a purely military honor. Cicero's four "Catiline Orations" remain outstanding examples of his rhetorical style.
Exile and return.
In 61 BC Julius Caesar invited Cicero to be the fourth member of his existing partnership with Pompey and Marcus Licinius Crassus, an assembly that would eventually be called the First Triumvirate. Cicero refused the invitation because he suspected it would undermine the Republic.
In 58 BC the demagogue Publius Clodius Pulcher, the tribune of the plebs, introduced a law threatening exile to anyone who executed a Roman citizen without a trial. Cicero, having executed members of the Catiline conspiracy four years before without formal trial, and having had a public falling-out with Clodius, was clearly the intended target of the law. Cicero argued that the "senatus consultum ultimum" indemnified him from punishment, and he attempted to gain the support of the senators and consuls, especially of Pompey. When help was not forthcoming, he went into exile. He arrived at Thessalonica, Greece on May 23, 58 BC. The day Cicero left Italy, Clodius proposed another bill which forbade Cicero approaching within of Italy and confiscated his property. The bill was passed forthwith, and Cicero's villa on the Palatine was destroyed by Clodius' supporters, as were his villas in Tusculum and Formiae.
Cicero's exile caused him to fall into depression. He wrote to Atticus: "Your pleas have prevented me from committing suicide. But what is there to live for? Don't blame me for complaining. My afflictions surpass any you ever heard of earlier". In another letter to Atticus, Cicero suggested that the Senate was jealous of him, and this was why they declined to recall him from exile. In a later letter to his brother Quintus, he named several factors he believed contributed to his exile: "the defection of Pompey, the hostility of the senators and judges, the timidity of equestrians, the armed bands of Clodius." Atticus borrowed 25,000 "sestertii" for Cicero's cause and, with Cicero's wife Terentia, attempted to recall him from exile.
Cicero returned from exile on August 5, 57 BC, and landed in Brundisium (modern Brindisi). He was greeted by a cheering crowd, and, to his delight, his beloved daughter Tullia. Elated, he returned to Rome, where some time later the Senate passed a resolution restoring his property and ordered reparations to be paid for damages done to him.
During the 50s BC Cicero supported Milo, who at the time was Clodius' chief opponent. Clodius typically drew his political support from armed mobs and political violence, and he was slain by Milo’s gladiators on the Via Appia in 52 BC. Clodius' relatives brought charges of murder against Milo, who appealed to Cicero for advocacy. Cicero took the case, and his speech "Pro Milone" came to be considered by some as his crowning masterpiece.
In "Pro Milone", Cicero argued that Milo had no reason to kill Clodius - indeed, Cicero proposed, Milo had everything to gain from Clodius being alive. Furthermore, he asserted that Milo did not expect to encounter Clodius on the Via Appia. The prosecution pointed out that the few living witnesses to the murder were Milo's slaves, and that by subsequently freeing them, Milo had cynically ensured no witness would testify against him. Though Cicero suggested that the slaves' valiant defence of Milo was cause enough for their emancipation, he ultimately lost the case. After the trial, Milo went into exile and continued to live in Massilia until he returned to stir up trouble in the Civil War.
Civil War, opposition to Mark Antony.
The struggle between Pompey and Julius Caesar grew more intense in 50 BC. Cicero, rather forced to pick sides, chose to favour Pompey, but at the same time he prudently avoided openly alienating Caesar. When Caesar invaded Italy in 49 BC, Cicero fled Rome. Caesar, seeking the legitimacy that endorsement by a senior senator would provide, courted Cicero's favour, but even so Cicero slipped out of Italy and in June traveled to Dyrrachium (Epidamnos), Illyria, where Pompey's staff was situated. Cicero traveled with the Pompeian forces to Pharsalus in 48 BC, though he was quickly losing faith in the competence and righteousness of the Pompeian lot. He quarrelled with many of the commanders, including a son of Pompey himself. Eventually, he even provoked the hostility of his fellow senator Cato, who told him that he would have been of more use to the cause of the "optimates" if he had stayed in Rome. In Cicero's own words: "I came to regret my action in joining the army of the "optimates" not so much for the risk of my own safety as for the appalling situation which confronted me on arrival. To begin with, our forces were too small and had poor morale. Secondly, with the exception of the commander-in-chief and a handful of others, everyone was greedy to profit from the war itself and their conversation was so bloodthirsty that I shuddered at the prospect of victory. In a word everything was wrong except the cause we were fighting for." After Caesar's victory at Pharsalus, Cicero returned to Rome only very cautiously. Caesar pardoned him and Cicero tried to adjust to the situation and maintain his political work, hoping that Caesar might revive the Republic and its institutions.
In a letter to Varro on "c." April 20 46 BC, Cicero outlined his strategy under Caesar's dictatorship: "I advise you to do what I am advising myself – avoid being seen even if we cannot avoid being talked about. If our voices are no longer heard in the Senate and in the Forum, let us follow the example of the ancient sages and serve our country through our writings concentrating on questions of ethics and constitutional law".
Cicero was taken completely by surprise when the "Liberatores" assassinated Caesar on the ides of March, 44 BC. Cicero was not involved in the conspiracy, even though the conspirators were sure of his sympathy. Marcus Junius Brutus called out Cicero's name, asking him to "restore the Republic" when he lifted the bloodstained dagger after the assassination. A letter Cicero wrote in February 43 BC to Trebonius, one of the conspirators, began, "How I could wish that you had invited me to that most glorious banquet on the Ides of March"! Cicero became a popular leader during the period of instability following the assassination. He had no respect for Mark Antony, who was scheming to take revenge upon Caesar's murderers. In exchange for amnesty for the assassins, he arranged for the Senate to agree not to declare Caesar to have been a tyrant, which allowed the Caesarians to have lawful support.
Cicero and Antony then became the two leading men in Rome; Cicero as spokesman for the Senate and Antony as consul, leader of the Caesarian faction, and unofficial executor of Caesar's public will. The two men had never been on friendly terms and their relationship worsened after Cicero made it clear that he felt Antony to be taking unfair liberties in interpreting Caesar's wishes and intentions. When Octavian, Caesar's heir and adopted son, arrived in Italy in April, Cicero formed a plan to play him against Antony. In September he began attacking Antony in a series of speeches he called the Philippics, in honour of his inspiration—Demosthenes. Praising Octavian to the skies, he labelled him a "god-sent child" and said that the young man only desired honour and would not make the same mistake as his adoptive father. Meanwhile, his attacks on Antony, whom he called a "sheep", rallied the Senate in firm opposition to Antony. During this time, Cicero's popularity as a public figure was unrivalled and according to the historian Appian, he "had the power any popular leader could possibly have". Cicero heavily fined the supporters of Antony for petty charges and had volunteers forge arms for the supporters of the Republic. According to Appian, although the story is not supported by others, this policy was perceived by Antony's supporters to be so insulting that they prepared to march on Rome to arrest Cicero. Cicero fled the city and the plan was abandoned.
Death.
Cicero supported Decimus Junius Brutus Albinus as governor of Cisalpine Gaul ("Gallia Cisalpina") and urged the Senate to name Antony an enemy of the state. One tribune, a certain Salvius, delayed these proceedings and was "reviled", as Appian put it, by Cicero and his party. The speech of Lucius Piso, Caesar's father-in-law, delayed proceedings against Antony. Antony was later declared an enemy of the state when he refused to lift the siege of Mutina, which was in the hands of Decimus Brutus. Cicero described his position in a letter to Cassius, one of Caesar's assassins, that same September: "I am pleased that you like my motion in the Senate and the speech accompanying it. Antony is a madman; corrupt and much worse than Caesar whom you declared the worst of evil men when you killed him. Antony wants to start a bloodbath".
Cicero’s plan to drive out Antony failed, however. After the successive battles of Forum Gallorum and Mutina, Antony and Octavian reconciled and allied with Lepidus to form the Second Triumvirate. Immediately after legislating their alliance into official existence for a five-year term with consular "imperium", the Triumvirate began proscribing their enemies and potential rivals. Cicero and his younger brother Quintus Tullius Cicero, formerly one of Caesar's legati, and all of their contacts and supporters were numbered among the enemies of the state though, reportedly, Octavian argued for two days against Cicero being added to the list.
Among the proscribed, Cicero was one of the most viciously and doggedly hunted. Other victims included the tribune Salvius, who, after siding with Antony, moved his support directly and fully to Cicero. Cicero was viewed with sympathy by a large segment of the public and many people refused to report that they had seen him. He was caught December 7, 43 BC leaving his villa in Formiae in a litter going to the seaside from where he hoped to embark on a ship to Macedonia. When the assassins arrived his own slaves said they had not seen him, but he was given away by Philologus, a freed slave of his brother Quintus Cicero.
Cicero's last words were said to have been, "There is nothing proper about what you are doing, soldier, but do try to kill me properly." He was decapitated by his pursuers. Once discovered, he bowed to his captors, leaning his head out of the litter in a gladiatorial gesture to ease the task. By baring his neck and throat to the soldiers, he was indicating that he wouldn't resist. His hands were cut off as well and nailed and displayed along with the head on the Rostra in the Forum Romanum according to the tradition of Marius and Sulla, both of whom had displayed the heads of their enemies in the Forum. He was the only victim of the Triumvirate's proscriptions to be displayed in that manner. According to Cassius Dio (in a story often mistakenly attributed to Plutarch), Antony's wife Fulvia took Cicero's head, pulled out his tongue, and jabbed it repeatedly with her hairpin in final revenge against Cicero's power of speech.
Cicero's son, Marcus Tullius Cicero Minor, during his year as a joint consul with Octavian in 30 BC, avenged his father's death somewhat when he announced to the Senate Mark Antony's naval defeat at Actium in 31 BC by Octavian and his capable commander-in-chief Agrippa. In the same meeting the Senate voted to prohibit all future Antonius descendants from using the name Marcus, the removal of all remaining statues of Antony and to make void any other honors that had been paid him.
Many years later, Octavian came upon one of his grandsons reading a book by Cicero. The boy, terrified, sought to hide it in his gown but Octavian (then called "Augustus") saw it, took the book from him, and read a great part of it as he stood, and then handed the volume back, saying: "A learned man, my child, a learned man and a lover of his country".
Legacy.
After the civil war, Cicero recognised that the end of the Republic was almost certain. He stated that "the Republic, the Senate, the law courts are mere ciphers and that not one of us has any constitutional position at all." The civil war had destroyed the Republic. It wreaked destruction and decimated resources throughout the Roman Empire. Julius Caesar’s victory had been absolute. Caesar’s assassination failed to reinstate the Republic, despite further attacks on the Romans’ freedom by "Caesar’s own henchman, Mark Antony." His death only highlighted the stability of ‘one man rule’ by the ensuing chaos and further civil wars that broke out with Caesar’s murderers, Brutus and Cassius, and finally between his own supporters, Mark Antony and Octavian.
Cicero remained the "Republic's last true friend" as he spoke out for his ideals and of the "libertas" (freedom) the Romans enjoyed for centuries. Cicero’s vision had some fundamental flaws. It harked back to a ‘golden age’ that may never have existed. Cicero's idea of the "concordia ordinum" was too idealistic. Also, Roman institutions had failed to keep pace with Rome's enormous expansion. The Republic had reached such a state of disrepair that regardless of Cicero’s talents and passion, Rome lacked "persons loyal to Republic to trust with armies." Cicero lacked the political power and any military skill or resources, to enforce his ideal. To enforce republican values and institutions was "ipso facto" contrary to republican values. He also failed to a certain extent to recognize the real power structures that operated in Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="19491697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491697" title="Writings of Marcus Tullius Cicero">
Writings of Marcus Tullius Cicero

The writings of Marcus Tullius Cicero constitute one of the most famous bodies of historical and philosophical work in all of classical antiquity. Cicero, a Roman statesman, lawyer, political theorist, philosopher, and Roman constitutionalist, lived from 106 to 43 BC. He was a Roman senator and consul (chief-magistrate) who played a critical role in the transformation of the Roman Republic into the Roman Empire. A contemporary of Julius Caesar, Cicero is widely considered one of Rome's greatest orators and prose stylists.
Cicero is generally held to be one of the most versatile minds of ancient Rome. He introduced the Romans to the chief schools of Greek philosophy and created a Latin philosophical vocabulary, distinguishing himself as a linguist, translator, and philosopher. An impressive orator and successful lawyer, Cicero probably thought his political career his most important achievement. Today, he is appreciated primarily for his humanism and philosophical and political writings. His voluminous correspondence, much of it addressed to his friend Atticus, has been especially influential, introducing the art of refined letter writing to European culture. Cornelius Nepos, the 1st-century BC biographer of Atticus, remarked that Cicero's letters to Atticus contained such a wealth of detail "concerning the inclinations of leading men, the faults of the generals, and the revolutions in the government" that their reader had little need for a history of the period.
During the chaotic latter half of the first century BC, marked by civil wars and the dictatorship of Gaius Julius Caesar, Cicero championed a return to the traditional republican government. However, his career as a statesman was marked by inconsistencies and a tendency to shift his position in response to changes in the political climate. His indecision may be attributed to his sensitive and impressionable personality; he was prone to overreaction in the face of political and private change. "Would that he had been able to endure prosperity with greater self-control and adversity with more fortitude!" wrote C. Asinius Pollio, a contemporary Roman statesman and historian.
Works.
Cicero was declared a “righteous pagan” by the early Catholic Church, and therefore many of his works were deemed worthy of preservation. Saint Augustine and others quoted liberally from his works “On The Republic” and “On The Laws,” and it is due to this that we are able to recreate much of the work from the surviving fragments. Cicero also articulated an early, abstract conceptualisation of rights, based on ancient law and custom.
Books.
Of Cicero's books, six on rhetoric have survived, as well as parts of eight on philosophy.
Speeches.
Of his speeches, eighty-eight were recorded, fifty-two of which survive today. Some of the items below are more than one speech.
Several of Cicero's speeches are printed, in English translation, in the Penguin Classics edition "Murder Trials." These speeches are included:
(The "Pro Marcello", "Pro Ligario", and "Pro Rege Deiotaro" are collectively known as "The Caesarian speeches").
Spuria.
Several works extant through having been included in influential collections of Ciceronian texts exhibit such divergent views and styles that they have long been agreed by experts not to be authentic works of Cicero. They are also never mentioned by Cicero himself, nor any of the ancient critics or grammarians who commonly refer to and quote passages from Cicero's authentic works.
Letters.
More than 800 letters by Cicero to others exist, and over 100 letters from others to him.
Popular culture.
Modern fiction.
Appearances in modern fiction, listed in order of publication:
References.
Critical editions and translations.
Teubner editions (Bibliotheca Teubneriana), B. G. Teubner, Stuttgart and Leipzig
Vol.I: Libri I-VIII (BT 1208, 1987)
Vol.II: Libri IX-XVI (BT 1209, 1987)
-- "M. Tullius Cicero: The Lost and Unpublished Orations" (Hypomnemata Untersuchungen zur Antike und zu Ihrem Nachleben, Heft 80, Vandenhoeck & Ruprecht, Göttingen, 1984) ISBN 3-525-25178-5
-- "M. Tullius Cicero: The Fragmentary Speeches, an Edition with Commentary", 2nd edition (American Philological Association, American Classical Studies no.37, Scholars Press, Atlanta, 1994) ISBN 0-7885-0076-7
Penguin Classics English translations
-- "Selected Political Speeches" (Penguin Books, 1969)
-- "Selected Works: Against Verres I, Twenty-three letters, The Second Philippic against Antony, On Duties III, On Old Age", by Michael Grant (Penguin Books, 1960)
-- "On Government: Against Verres II 5, For Murena, For Balbus, On the State III, V, VI, On Laws III, The Brutus, The Philippics IV, V, X", by Michael Grant (Penguin Books, 1993)

</doc>
<doc id="19491701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491701" title="Hugh Davies (botanist)">
Hugh Davies (botanist)

Hugh Davies (3 April 1739 – 16 February 1821) was a Welsh botanist and Anglican clergyman. He spent most of his professional life on the island of Anglesey and published a treatise on the flora of the county, which was the first volume to cross-reference plant names in the Welsh language with their scientific names.
Life.
Davies was born in the parish of Llandyfrydog, Anglesey, Wales, where his father was the rector of St Tyfrydog's Church, Llandyfrydog. He was educated at Beaumaris grammar school and then went to Oxford, studying at Jesus College as his father had done. He matriculated in 1757 and was awarded his Bachelor of Arts degree in 1762. After being ordained, he was a curate at Llangefni (1763–1766), Llanfaes and Penmon (1766–1785) and Penmynydd (1775–1778), all in Anglesey. He then became rector of Llandegfan with Beaumaris in 1778, before his appointment as rector of Aber, Caernarvonshire in 1787. He resigned in 1816, although he had lived in Beaumaris because of his health since 1801. He died in Beaumaris in 1821 and was buried in the churchyard.
Botany.
Davies was friends with Thomas Pennant from the time of his curacy in Llanfaes and Penmon, and would send him specimens. He travelled to the Isle of Man in 1774 with Pennant, returning the following year by himself for a further review of the plant life on the island. He thereafter assisted authors with details of the natural history of Anglesey and Caernarvonshire, contributing material to Pennant's books "British Zoology", "Indian Zoology" and "Journey to Snowdon", William Hudson's "Flora Anglica", "English Botany" by James Sowerby and James Edward Smith, "Flora Britannica" by Smith, and "The Botanist's Guide through England and Wales" by Dawson Turner and Lewis Weston Dillwyn. He was elected a Fellow of the Linnean Society in 1790, with four of his papers being published in the society's journal. His main work was "Welsh Botanology" in 1813, which was the first work to cross-reference the names of plants in Welsh with their scientific names. Its treatment of the flora of Anglesey was also the first detailed consideration of the flora of a Welsh county, as opposed to the more common approach of that time of uncoordinated plant investigations. The book also contained what is still regarded as the most complete list of plant names in Welsh. Davies was commemorated by the genus "Daviesia (Leguminosae)", named after him by Smith in 1798.

</doc>
<doc id="19491706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491706" title="Pazhavilai">
Pazhavilai

Overview.
Pazhavilai is a small village (2sq km area) located at 8 km from Nagercoil, Tamil Nadu, India.
It is located near the Nagercoil-Colachel Road. Bus with route number 38E, 40,38K are the buses running through pazhavilai.
It is famous for Kamarajar Polytechnic College and Block Development Office (famously referred as Block Office) of Rajakkamangalam panchayat.
Pazhavilai Post Office (629501) is the postal office responsible for distribution of post to many small villages surrounds Pazhavilai.
Environment.
The Green environment with rich coconut plants, Cashew nut trees and Banana plantations prevailing in the village is marvelous.
Spirituality.
'Aiya Vaikunda Swamy Nizhal Thagal',Mutharamman Temple, Pattrakali Amman koil, Kuruswamy koil are the famous temples located near the Block Development Office. Mutharamman temple annual celebrations takes place in the Tamil month Chitirai (English Month: May), famously referred as "Kovil Kodai Vizha". All the family members working in remote cities also come back to the village to take part in the celebration.
Education.
Pazhavilai Middle school is located near Block Office. The School fulfills the primary education of the people of nearest villages. Even though most of the people prefer the schools in the Nagercoil town, still the Pazhavilai School satisfies some poor children around the village. Then Sakker Nursery and Primary School is Located near Kamarajar Polytechnic College.
Kamarajar Polytechnic College serves as the important technical education institution in the district. It is Tamil Nadu Government Aided Institution run by a society called "Nadar Mahajana Sangam". This College has provided good technical education, employment after completing the studies to many village students.

</doc>
<doc id="19491710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491710" title="Castelló Masters">
Castelló Masters

The Castelló Masters is a European Tour golf tournament that was held for the first time in October 2008, taking the slot formerly used by the Mallorca Classic. The event is held at the Club de Campo del Mediterráneo in Castellón, Spain.
The inaugural event was won by Sergio García, who also happened to be the tournament host, having grown up playing golf on the course where his father is the club professional. García finished on a 20-under-par total of 264, winning by a margin of three strokes over Peter Hedblom.
In 2010, 17 year old Italian Matteo Manassero became the youngest ever winner on the European Tour when he triumphed by 4 strokes over Ignacio Garrido.

</doc>
<doc id="19491735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491735" title="Murad Ramazanov">
Murad Ramazanov

Murad Ramazanov (born on March 19, 1974 in Khasavyurt, Soviet Union) is a male freestyle wrestler who represented the Republic of Macedonia. He participated in Men's freestyle 60 kg at 2008 Summer Olympics. In this competition he participated in 4 fights and was eliminated losing a fight with Zelimkhan Huseynov.

</doc>
<doc id="19491738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491738" title="N.M.S.Kamaraj Polytechnic">
N.M.S.Kamaraj Polytechnic

NMS Kamaraj Polytechnic is a polytechnic college located in Pazhavilai, Kanyakumari District, India. It is 8 km from Nagercoil.

</doc>
<doc id="19491752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19491752" title="2008 attacks on Christians in southern Karnataka">
2008 attacks on Christians in southern Karnataka

The 2008 attacks on Christians in southern Karnataka refer to the wave of attacks directed against Christian churches and prayer halls in the Indian city of Mangalore and the surrounding area of southern Karnataka in September and October 2008 by Hindu nationalist organisations, Bajrang Dal and the Sri Ram Sena. The attacks were widely perceived by Christians in southern Karnataka to be punishment from right-wing Hindu nationalist organisations because they had been outspoken about Christian persecution in Orissa, and also because the New Life Fellowship Trust (NLFT), a non-denominational Christian Church, was alleged by Bajrang Dal to be responsible for forced conversions of Hindus to Christianity.
Several isolated incidents against Christians were reported from 17 August onwards, and on 29 August some 45,000 institutions across India participated in a "prayer for peace and communal harmony" in response to the ongoing anti-Christian violence in Orissa. St. Aloysius College, a Jesuit institution in Mangalore, and some other 2000 Christian schools in Karnataka went on strike for varying periods between 29 August and 5 September prior to the attacks, protesting against the events in Orissa, in defiance of the orders of the government who stated that it was to be a regular work day. This led to government denouncement of the Christian institutions in the state for disobeying orders and led to a Bajrang Dal demonstration outside the St. Aloysius College, two weeks prior to the main attacks. The attacks began on 14 September, when a group of youths from the Bajrang Dal went inside the chapel of Adoration Monastery of the Sisters of St-Clare near the Milagres Church in Hampankatta and desecrated it. Some 20 churches or prayer halls, including Catholic and Protestant churches and temples belonging to the Jehovah’s Witnesses and other evangelical sects, and colleges were damaged in towns and villages in the Mangalore taluk and other parts of Dakshina Kannada district, Udupi district and Chikkamagaluru district. A few Christian institutions were later attacked in Bangalore and Kasaragod district. Out of frustration and anger, the Christian community responded to the attacks within hours and began protesting. In Karkala, the Catholics of Karkala deanery staged a protest on 15 September and organised a 3 kilometre silent protest march. The protestors blocked arterial city roads in their masses, especially in places such as Hampankatta, Kulshekar, Bejai, Derebail and Thokottu and rang bells in almost all the churches of Mangalore, calling parishioners to their churches. The protests led to strong police suppression with "lathi" charges and tear gas, making around 150 arrests and injuring 30 to 40 people. The incident marked the first time that Catholics had ever resorted to violence in Mangalore when provoked. Between 15 September and 10 October, a new wave of anti-minority attacks began against Christian communities in the Indian states of Kerala, Madhya Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh, Andhra Pradesh, Bihar, Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand, New Delhi, Punjab, Tamil Nadu and Uttarakhand, as well as Muslim communities in Gujarat and Maharashtra.
The September 2008 attacks had political significance, given that the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Karnataka state government, led by B. S. Yeddyurappa, were also accused of involvement and backing the anti-Christian campaigns and that the police were reported to have had knowledge of the imminent attacks but failed to prevent them. The police were criticised for their reaction to the protests and a report by a committee of human rights activists set up in the aftermath to examine the causes of the attacks claimed that they had used the event as a pretext to assault the community, rather than defend it. Justice B. K. Somasekhara of Karnataka, however, concluded that the police and government helped maintain order and were not responsible for the attacks. In response to the alleged forcible conversions of involvement, the Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) gave a three-month deadline for New Life Fellowship Trust (NLFT) to stop all conversion activities in Mangalore. The Roman Catholic Diocese of Mangalore declared that it would distance itself from the New Life Fellowship Trust.
In February 2011, retired Justice M. F. Saldanha, formerly of the Bombay High Court, was outspoken against the protests and published a report in which he described the attacks as "state-sponsored terrorism" and that the attacks were part of "communal forces" at work attacking Christian institutions on the coastal belt of India. The report and continued denial by the state government of being implicated in the attacks led to more than 100,000 Christians representing some 45 Christian denominations and secular organisations leading a silent march in Mangalore on 21 February. Following the publications of the reports and subsequent protests, the government of Karnataka announced that it would drop 338 cases against Christians who had protested in the attack, and in December 2011 a further 23 cases against Christians were dropped.
Background and cause.
Mangalore has long been a major Christian centre in India. In 1526, under the viceroyship of Lopo Vaz de Sampaio, the Portuguese took possession of Mangalore and Christianity began to spread. Many Christians migrated to South Canara from Goa. The Mangalorean Catholics were persecuted by Tipu Sultan during his reign between 1782 to 1799 and many were forcibly converted to Islam. On 24 February 1784, Tipu rounded up 60,000 to 80,000 Mangalorean Catholics and transported them to Seringapatam. They were held there in captivity for 15 years, until Tipu was killed by the British at the Battle of Seringapatam on 4 May 1799. Only 15,000–20,000 of those Catholics taken captive in 1784 survived. In the latter half of the 19th century, Protestant missionaries began working in Mangalore and surrounding communities, and the Vicariate of Mangalore was established in 1853. Mangalore, noted for its many churches and the strong representation of Catholics, was at one time known as the "Rome of the East". However it is also noted as a pilgrimage centre for Hindus, given its numerous Hindu temples and shrines. Between 1991 and 2011, the percentage of Christians living in India reportedly dropped from 2.7 per cent to 2.2 per cent, a declining figure which has been linked to ongoing difficulties facing Christians in a predominantly Hindu nation. In 2008, an estimated 320,300 Christians were living in the Dakshina Kannada district.
Several explanations of the cause of the September 2008 attacks have been postulated. Many Christians believe that the attacks were a direct response from right-wing Hindu organisations who were targeting the people of Mangalore and the surrounding area because they had been outspoken about persecution of Christians in Orissa. St. Aloysius College, a Jesuit institution in Mangalore, and some other 2000 Christian schools in Karnataka, went on strike for varying periods between 29 August and 5 September prior to the attacks, protesting against anti-Christian persecution in Orissa, contrary to the orders of the government who stated that they were to be regular work days. Primary and secondary education minister Vishweshwar Hegde Kageri, responding to the shutting down of the Christian educational institutions in Karnataka, had directed the public education department to issue show-cause notices to schools that had objected to the violence against Christians in Orissa. A Christian institution in Shimoga had reportedly received a notice from the education ministry of Karnataka during the strike saying, "The VHP and Bajrang Dal have conducted a protest against the closure of schools and criticised your action. They have submitted letters requesting action against you for this. In this context, you are asked to show cause as to why action should not be initiated against you for using religion as an excuse to announce a holiday and as to why permission to run your institution should not be withdrawn." State Home Minister V. S. Acharya explained the reason for the notices, "All Christian institutions are grant-in-aid institutions of the government and they should have had the courtesy to inform us before declaring a holiday. Their decision to act unilaterally cannot be tolerated." The education minister was backed by the State President D. V. Sadananda Gowda, who issued a statement in which he stated that Christian education institutions had committed a crime by declaring holiday without obtaining the state government’s permission. However, the Indian National Congress (INC) condemned Hegde's statement to take action against Christian education institutions and the leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, Mallikarjun Kharge, stated that "The minister’s statement is not proper. It may lead to law and order problem in the State." Bajrang Dal proponents protested with banners outside the St. Aloysius College gates and across Mangalore on Saturday 31 August, the day after the college had closed for a holiday, chanting slogans such as, ""Jai Mata Di"" (Hail to the Mother) and ""Bharat Mata ki jai"" (Hail Mother India). It should be noted, however, that the closure of the schools in Mangalore were not alone; some 45,000 institutions across India had participated on 29 August in a "prayer for peace and communal harmony" in response to the events in Orissa.
Another explanation is that the attacks were an angry response by Bajrang Dal over the allegations that the New Life Fellowship Trust were indulging in forceful religious conversion of Hindus and distribution of vulgar literature slandering Hindu gods and goddesses. Bajrang Dal claimed that nearly 15,000 people had been forced to adopt Christianity as their religion in Mangalore alone in the past year after monitoring the situation. In the book "Satyadarshini", written by Andhra Pradesh Pastor Paravastu Suryanarayana Rao, it was also reported that the New Life Fellowship Trust had denigrated and defamed Hindu gods, causing anger amongst the Bajrang Dal. Hindu activists also alleged that excerpts from Rao's book had been published in pamphlets to spread its influence. Mahila Parishat leader Asha Jagadish believed that the attacks were solely motivated by religious conversion by New Life and claimed that her neighbour was forcefully converted into Christianity to marry a Christian girl, further stating, "The Holy Saint School in Bangalore, where I studied up to fifth standard, did not allow me to wear "kumkum" or bangles according to Hindu tradition." Fr. Francis Serrao, rector of St. Aloysius College, stated that he believed the attacks were not due to conversion, but was rather a reflection of the struggle between Christianity and Brahmanism and theorised that Christian ideology and Brahmin ideology can never coexist as "Christianity propagates love and Brahmanism propagates hate."
Attacks.
Incidences of violence against Christians had been reported during the month prior to the main attacks. On 17 August 2008, demonstrators performed a "dharna" (hunger strike) outside the DHM church in Jayanagar, Davangere and again on 24 August at Nitya Jeeva Devalaya church, burning Christian literature in both events. No complaints or arrests were made in either of the events. Three days later, on 27 August, a Christian prayer hall and its pastor in Uchangidurga, Harpanahalli taluk were attacked, leading to eight arrests. Then on 7 September, a group of about 300 individuals attacked the Yesu Kripalaya Church in Bada, Davangere district, vandalising it and burning the Bibles. Ten people were arrested at the scene in Bada. The multiple premeditated attacks started on 14 September 2008, with some 20 churches attacked in Karnataka; of which 14 were attacked within one hour. These included Catholic and Protestant churches as well as temples belonging to the Jehovah’s Witnesses and the New Life Fellowship Trust. The attacks began when a group of some 15 youths on motorbikes from the Bajrang Dal, a Hindu nationalist organisation which aims to achieve the "reversing of the invasions by Muslim conquerors and British imperialism", arrived at the chapel of Adoration Monastery of the Sisters of St-Clare in Hampankatta around 10.15 am, shouting a pro-Bajrang Dal slogan. They entered the monastery and attacked it with "lathis", desecrating the tabernacle and the Eucharist, the high golden coloured monstrance (regarded by the nuns as the most sacred object in the church), a crucifix, the oil lamps, the vases on the altar, and a few statues of saints. A couple praying in the chapel at the time were also beaten by the intruders. Two nuns were also reportedly injured. Around the same time, a group of 30 to 35 people on motorbikes wearing masks attacked the empty Church of South India building at Kodaikal, armed with iron pipes, cricket stumps and sticks, shouting pro-Bajrang Dal slogans. Aside from damage to the buildings, windows and religious iconography, furniture, Bibles, and other Christian literature were damaged in various churches. A gang of about 30 youths had made an attempt to ransack a prayer hall of the New Life Fellowship Trust, but their efforts were thwarted by the police.
Around 8.30 pm on 14 September, miscreants pelted stones at the chapel of Padua Pre-university College, a Christian college located at Nanthoor, badly damaging its windows. Around 9.30 pm, miscreants badly damaged a statue located in front of Carmelites' house in Katkere, near Koteshwar. The Church of St. Sebastian in Permannur was badly damaged, including its windows and furniture. The Holy Cross Church at Kulshekar and St. Joseph, The Worker Church at Vamanjoor were also damaged. Police reports confirmed that Our Lady's Grotto at Vijayamarie Technical Institute and properties at the Infant Jesus Higher Primary School and Mary Hill Convent were also damaged by the miscreants on the night of 14 September. K. A. Abraham, pastor of Divine Deliverance Prayer Centre at Neerugadde in Shiroor, claimed that over 25 miscreants had attacked his prayer hall, and they were reported to have smashed the window panes, ransacked equipment and set a motorcycle and car on fire. Later, in the early hours of 15 September, individuals broke into the St. George Church belonging to the Syro Malabar Catholic Rite of the Belthangady Diocese in Ujire, Dakshina Kannada district, 70 km from Mangalore and burned the Bible, the carpet, prayer books and desecrated holy icons. Miscreants also ransacked the St. Thomas Church in Gorigandi in Chikkamagaluru district. Seven or eight masked men arriving on scooters were reported to have desecrated the large statue of St. Antony at St. Ann’s Friary on Jail Road in Bejai, throwing flower pots to smash its glass covering. The official report into the attacks later claimed that the Bajrang Dal were the likely suspects for the attacks on churches in Chikkamagaluru district, including the Christian Believers' Prayer Hall, Jagadeshwara Church in Mudigere and Carmel Mathe Devalaya in Kudremukh, and had also harassed people gathered at Kapitanio High School in Mangalore. Several people also reportedly invaded the house and prayer meeting of a neo-convert in Singatagere of Kadur taluk. Other areas affected by the attacks include Kalkanady, Falnir, Madyanthar, Makodu, Singatagere, Jayapura, Shaktinagar, Thokottu, Bantwal, Belthangady, Udupi, Kulur, Kundapura, Karkala, Koppa, Balehanoor and Moodbidri. Individuals were also targeted during the event; in Kulur, two men and two children were attacked by a Hindu mob near Gurupur Bridge while on their way to their hometown in a private car, and in Kalladka, the Souza Textile owner and his wife were attacked by unidentified people. Two separate stabbing incidents were also reported in Kalladka, and the two men affected were admitted to hospital with serious injuries.
On 16 September, a 100-year-old statue of Mary at the St. Mary’s Church in Kolar was damaged by vandals, St. George Church in Ernody was desecrated and attempted to be burned by vandals, and over 20 vandals desecrated the Rima Worship Centre at Adyar. On 18 September, vandals shattered the glass encasing of the Mother Mary statue of the Presentation Girls School in Dharwad and on 19 September, a gang of vandals on motorbikes pelted stones at the St. Xavier’s Church in Padu Kody in Mangalore taluk and destroyed the idols. On 21 September, a further four attacks were reported, including Brethren Christa Aaradhanalaya prayer hall near Nellihudikeri in Kodagu district, the Believers' Church in Yedapadavu, Mangalore taluk, and two churches in Bangalore; St. James Church in Mariyannapalya near Hebbal and Lumbini Gardens, which had two gold plated crowns and cash from the offering box stolen and the main sacrament vandalised; and the Holy Church in the Name of Jesus at Rajarajeshwarinagar had the casing around the Infant Jesus smashed and the statue damaged. In Banaswadi, a group were reported to have pelted stones at a church and fled. A Catholic school was also attacked in Kasaragod district in Kerala.
Between 15 September and 10 October, Hindu nationalists directed a wave of attacks targetting Christian communities in Kerala, Madhya Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh, Andhra Pradesh, Bihar, Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand, New Delhi, Punjab, Tamil Nadu and Uttarakhand, and Muslim communities in Gujarat and Maharashtra.
Christian protests.
In response to the attacks in areas such as Hampankatta, Shaktinagar, Vamanjoor, Thokottu and Bantwal, the Christian community began protesting. The protestors blocked arterial city roads in their masses, especially in places such as Hampankatta, Kulshekar, Bejai, Derebail and Thokottu and rang bells in almost all the churches of the city, calling parishioners to their churches. In Hampankatta, over 4,000 Christians united to defend the Milagres Church and protest. Violence broke out at the Adoration monastery as police began caning the protestors with sticks and bursting teargas shells to disperse them, while they pelted stones at police vans and police. The police were reported to have caused further damage to the Adoration monastery by throwing back stones and glass bottles to restrain the protestors. Union Minister of Labour and Employment Oscar Fernandes and MLA B. Ramanath Rai arrived at the Hampankatta scene at 6 pm. In Karkala, the Catholics of Karkala deanery staged a protest on 15 September condemning the attacks and the desecration of the crucifix and sacrament at Adoration Monastery in particular and organised a 3 kilometre silent protest march from the bus stand to the "taluk" headquarters and submitted a memorandum to "tehsildar" Laxman Singh.
The protests involved over 2,500 people and among those present were incumbent parish priest John Barboza, Valerian Fernandes, Ajekar parish priest Valerian Fernandes, Attur parish priest Arthur Pereira, Miyar parish priest Ronald Miranda, Paschal Menezes, Parappady parish priest Alex Aranha, Michael D'Silva, Hirgan parish priest Michael Lobo, Kanajar parish priest Alwyn D'Cunha and many other priests and nuns in the area. The Christian protestors also clashed with police at St. Sebastian Church in the Permannur area of Ullal on the outskirts of Mangalore, shouting slogans and throwing stones at the police for their failure to arrest the perpetrators of the attacks. The police arrested several Christians after firing into the air and being involved in a "lathi" charge. A witness in Permannur claimed that Christians attacked the houses of Hindus in retaliation, shouting slogans against the BJP government. Four people of pro-Hindu organisations were reportedly injured at Kalladka and Attavar on the outskirts of the Mangalore when their vehicles were attacked and were pelted with stones. Ten people, including one of the Sri Ram Sena activists, were reportedly stabbed during the protests and according to the police, the situation was used by some to settle personal scores and not all stabbing incidents were related to attack on churches and the subsequent violence in the city. The Sri Ram Sena protested against the stabbing of one of their activists by organising a shutdown of educational institutions and shops. The district administration responded by declaring a holiday for all educational institutions in Mangalore taluk, and extended prohibitory orders under the Section 144 Criminal Procedure Code for two more days in the wake of the attacks and protests as a precaution.
Over 25 Christians were initially arrested by the police during the Adoration incident, in comparison to seven young members of the Bajrang Dal who had initiated the attacks. Chief Minister B. S. Yeddyurappa later stated in a press conference that a total of 153 people had been arrested during the attacks and resultant protests within a two-day period and that some had been charged with looting, arson and rioting, saying that they would be "punished in accordance with the provisions of the law under they were charged." The BBC reported that over 170 people had been arrested during the events. However, Superintendent of Police in Mangalore, N. Satheesh Kumar, claimed to have made just 89 arrests in total. Four policemen, half a dozen people and journalist Anil Jogi were reportedly injured in the Adoration incident, and three police vehicles damaged. The police stated that over 30 people were injured and eight police vehicles had been damaged in the overall attacks, and that nearly 40 people and 20 police were injured in the attacks in total. Several of the injured were taken to Father Muller Medical College and Wenlock District Hospital. Although three churches were attacked in neighbouring Udupi district, it remained peaceful during the aftermath.
Many congregations gathered in their churches upon hearing news of the attacks, volunteering to spent the night there to protect them from further attacks. The local Catholic leaders demanded a peaceful "bandh" on 15 September in and around the city of Mangalore, and as a response Catholic traders and transport owners closed their shops and stopped their vehicles. A memorandum was submitted to the district council at 10.30 am, seeking protection for the lives and property of Christians. Prayers were to be held in all the 48 churches of the district on Wednesday, 17 September. On 6 October 2008, some 10,000 people from civil society and religious organisations organised a march to protest against the anti-Christian perpetrators of the attacks.
Reports of state and police misconduct.
The Christian community of Mangalore accused the police of doing nothing to prevent attacks by Hindu radicals. Mangalore Police Superintendent N. Satheesh Kumar himself admitted that the police did have information that pro-Hindu organisations were planning to attack Christian places of worship in the district, but failed to do anything about it. The Christian community accused the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) government under B. S. Yeddyurappa of involvement in the attacks and backing the anti-Christian campaigns. In response to the report that the police had information, Fr. Henry Sequeira, chancellor of the Mangalore Diocese said, "If the police knew about this in advance and still could not prevent the attacks, then we have no hope." However, Superintendent Kumar had made security arrangements near the New Life Prayer Centre in Kankanady and had successfully barred the miscreants from entering and vandalising the centre at that particular location, leading to a violent conflict with the police. The police were also criticised by Christians for using excessive force in suppressing the protests and aggressively subduing Christian protesters whilst failing to punish the offending Hindu nationalist perpetrators; photographs and video footage has emerged of the beating of some of the protestors with canes. Caning by the police was also reported at Panemangalore and Farangipet.
Phelix D’Souza, a resident of Permannur, alleged that the police took him into custody and tortured him and opened a baseless case against him, sending him to jail for 11 days. Lance Rego, a Mangalore resident, claimed that "many of the police personnel who entered the premises of Holy Cross Church at Kulshekar were wearing helmets usually worn by two-wheeler drivers and not the ones meant for police personnel. Hence, I wonder whether they were police personnel or cadres of the Bajrang Dal." Another resident, Marcel Henry Ferao, alleged that "prohibitory orders were imposed on those who were inside the church compound and not on the Bajrang Dal cadres who were outside the church compound and were pelting stones". Dinal Saldanha of Kulshekar alleged that the police used tear-gas shells which were past their expiry date on the premises, and that exposure to the gas resulted in problems with her eyesight. Many Catholic women reported incidents of police violence to the Deputy Commissioner M. Maheshwar Rao and other government officials, revealing their bruises, and demanding that action be taken against them.
Girija Vyas, President of the National Commission for Women (NCW), met with the affected women of Mangalore and visited various hospitals, schools and parishes in the area, and expressed concern at the way in which the police had handled the event. Two police constables, Nandakumar and Shivaram, were suspended following a stone throwing incident within Siddapura police jurisdiction, in which windows of a church had been smashed. Chief Minister of State Yeddyurappa stated that senior civil and police officials of the districts would be held responsible if attacks on churches and prayer halls occurred in areas under their jurisdiction, further stating: "Strict action will be taken against you police without fear or favour". In Dakshina Kanada district, community members reported that the administration had attempted to have Superintendent of Police N. Satish Kumar transferred. However, the official report into the attacks initiated by the government, released on January 2011, contradicted this and stated "the impression and allegations that the top police officers and the district administration had colluded with the attackers in attacking the churches or places of worship has no merit. The concerned police in all districts did their best and have been successful in nabbing most of such miscreants and large number of charge-sheets have been filed in various courts which have to finally adjudicate their identity."
Mahendra Kumar, the former state convener of the Bajrang Dal, claimed that he was incarcerated for 42 days in Mangalore before being released on conditional bail by Karnataka High Court Justice Ashok B. Hinchigeri on 25 October 2008, and was used as a scapegoat by the BJP regime to "save the government from further embarrassment after the church attacks and on instructions from the Sangh Parivar leaders. The police had originally protested against his being released on bail, a week after the attacks. Kumar stated that the BJP government in permitting the attacks had "fallen low on values and is engrossed in corruption."
Reactions.
Political response.
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh spoke to Karnataka Governor Rameshwar Thakur and Chief Minister B. S. Yeddyurappa by phone from his Delhi residence in the aftermath of the attacks on churches and Christians, and expressed shock at the attacks. He directed the chief minister to take immediate steps to provide ample protection to religious institutions and maintain communal harmony. The Udupi district Congress committee submitted a memorandum to Deputy Commissioner P. Hemalatha, demanding that the state government initiate legal action and punish the culprits of the attacks. The Congress party opposition leader Mallikarjun Kharge said, "The BJP is responsible for the attacks. It is creating social disharmony" further adding that they were "actively inciting further violence" against Christians in the state. Special Home Secretary M. L. Kumawat visited some of the areas affected by the attacks and said that the state government "needs to do more and arrest all those responsible for the attacks."
Yeddyurappa strongly denied any involvement of his government in the attacks, but admitted that the police were to blame for not taking precautionary measures, describing it as a "dereliction of duty". He believed the attacks were a response from "some vested interest trying to tarnish the secular image of his government". He said at the press conference, "My government is committed to maintaining peace and harmony in the state; law and order has been top priority by my government... Nobody is above law, irrespective of caste and creed the culprits will be punished". The state government ensured that special security was given to important places of worship throughout the state in the aftermath of the attacks and Yeddyurappa set up a corps of detectives to investigate. He promised the Christian community leaders that all churches and shrines vandalised in the districts of Dakshina Kannada, Udupi, and Chikkamagaluru during the attacks would be restored and paid a visit to all of the areas affected by communal riots and attacks. Some politicians such as former Prime Minister and Janata Dal (Secular) (JDS) national president H.D. Deve Gowda and M. P. Prakash also visited the Christian institutions in the aftermath. In February 2010, Yeddyurappa allocated 500 millions for Christian development projects in Karnataka in his state budget, the first time he had ever done so.
The Home Ministry advised the Karnataka government to do all it could in its power to prevent the recurrence of the attacks and to restore faith in the authorities in the region, asking for them to strongly suppress violence and vandalism and to punish the offenders. Senior BJP leader L. K. Advani, during his two-day visit to Assam and Meghalaya, denounced the attacks in Orissa and Karnataka, saying," I strongly condemn these acts of violence and vandalism. The law must take its course and the culprits must be brought to justice." Former defence minister George Fernandes wrote to Yeddyurappa urging him to restore peace and challenging radicals to prove alleged conversions. Deve Gowda wrote a letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh asking for him to impose a "blanket ban" on the Bajrang Dal and Sri Ram Sena in the wake of the attacks, remarking that it "would send a categorical message across the world that secular India will not tolerate fascism, fanaticism and fundamentalism of any colour or kind." He described the attacks as nothing but "state sponsored rowdism", and accused the Karnataka government of trying to turn the state into a ""Hindutva" laboratory".
Religious response.
The Bishop of Mangalore Diocese Aloysius Paul D’Souza stated that Christians were "deeply hurt" over the desecration of the Holy Cross and Sacred Sacrament in the Adoration monastery. The Archbishop of Bangalore Archdiocese, Bernard Moras, who met with Yeddyurappa in the aftermath of the attacks said, "I want to tell you, Mr. Yeddyurappa we are wounded!" Fr. William Menezes, the public relations officer of the Mangalore Diocese, said: "After consulting various leaders and based on the assurance given by Chief Minister B. S. Yeddyurappa, district in-charge Minister J. Krishna Palemar, the police and district administration, we hereby appeal to our community to stop agitation immediately to maintain peace." Fr. Prashant Madtha, former principal of St. Aloysius College said in response to the attacks and resultant protests, "The retaliation from the Christian community you saw was happening for the very first time in the history of the state. It was not the correct response, I condemn it, but then our youth have started imitating the enemy. There is a lot of fear. We don't know when the stones will rain on our roofs. We are even scared to talk." Fr. Joseph Valiaparambil, Bishop of Belthangady, also said that Christian community of Belthangady was deeply hurt and shocked at the attacks, saying that "We strongly condemn the act. We are not violent and do not believe in violence. We respect the administration and the law of the country. We respect all religions. We, the Christian minority community, need protection from kinds of anti-social, anti-religious activities". The community leaders in a press conference also appealed internationally, stating "we want to bring to the notice of the world and human right commissions and authorities in Canada to use their diplomatic channels about the total collapse of law and order in Mangalore and other parts of India, and the failure of the state to protect the lives of the clergy and the minority community".
Joseph Dias, General Secretary of the Mumbai-based Catholic Secular Forum (CSF), visited most of the churches attacked in Karnataka during the event and said:
Indian Christian expatriates in the Middle East united to condemn the attacks. In Kuwait City, Indian Catholics met in Kuwait Cathedral under Reverend Fr. Melwyn D’Cunha on 15 September to voice their support to the Catholic community in Mangalore. They held a special "Prayer Service for Peace & Solidarity" on 18 September at the Cathedral auditorium. In Doha, Qatar, advisory and executive committee members of the Mangalore Cultural Association met on 17 September at the residence of Felix Lobo and denounced the attacks. In the United States on 17 September, many Christian leaders from various organisations met at the residence of Bishop, Rt. Rev. Dr. Jacob Angadiath of Syro Malabar Catholic Mission (SMCC) and announced a day of prayer vigil, fasting and a peace rally at the Syro Malabar Cathedral in Bellwood, Illinois on 28 September. Fr. George Madathiprambil, Vicar General of the Diocese, urged all Christians to "unite under one umbrella", and Jos Anthony Puthenveetil, the Regional Vice President of FIACONA, urged the communities to unite, regardless of religions. Rev. M. J. Thomas of the Church of South India said "since many Indian Churches and American local Churches are expected to join in the peace seeking rally, this will be a history making event." Various Hindu leaders, including those from Ayodhya, also denounced the attacks.
Mahendra Kumar, one of the leaders of the Hindu militant youth organisation, denied that any Catholic churches were attacked by his group but reportedly accepted responsibility for the attacks on prayer halls belonging to the New Life Fellowship Trust. He stated that the Bajrang Dal were not against Christianity in the region, but were offended by the alleged forced conversions. Kumar had initially denied any involvement in the attacks before being arrested on 20 September. When asked again at a later date however if he had accepted responsibility for the attacks, he denied it. Kumar resigned from Bajrang Dal on 1 October 2008 after witnessing a Hindu woman who had decided to commit suicide with her three children but was saved by Christian missionaries. He stated "That was the time I realised that life is more important than "dharma" (religion). A lot needs to be done for the betterment of life. My dream is to build a society that values life more than religion. In jail I read several literary works. I joined Bajrang Dal so that we could mobilise the youth for a good cause, but at the end of the day all our concepts were politically motivated." In February 2011, after the commission reports into the attacks were published, Kumar formally apologised to the public for the attacks and accused the BJP Government of corruption. On 21 February 2011 he joined the JDS, declaring, "I am today shedding the shackles of communalism to strive for communal harmony, for which the JDS is working." His successor Suryanarayana also denied any involvement in the attacks. Some pro-Hindu elements believed that the attacks were politically motivated by the main opposition parties in the state rather than being purely based upon religious indifference, especially the Milagres Church attack.
In response to the alleged forced conversions, the VHP gave a 3-month deadline for New Life Fellowship Trust to stop all conversion activities in Mangalore. Bishop Aloysius Paul D'Souza declared that the Mangalore Diocese would distance itself from the New Life Fellowship Trust, stating that the "Catholic Church does not believe in forceful religious conversion". However, this was opposed by Margaret Alva, General Secretary of the All India Congress Committee (AICC). She stated, "Christians were a microscopic minority in India. We must put aside the differences between our various sects and come together to fight fascist forces." She further described the stance taken by the diocese as "improper". Alva also objected to the peace agreement between the local Catholic leadership and the VHP in which the latter had allegedly laid down a code of ethics for the Christians to follow, and remarked that "the Indian Constitution is the only code of ethics for all Indians". An investigation in the Udupi district headed by Mohammad Shafi Qureshi, Chairman of the National Commission for Minorities (NCM), failed to discover any evidence of
forced conversion. Qureshi stated that his commission had not received any report of forced conversion from the district administration of Udupi district and said, "Every Indian had the right to profess and propagate any religion. Conversion by force is not permitted".
Investigations.
An initial report by a committee, composed of some 17 human rights activists from Orissa, Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu, Puducherry, Karnataka and Maharashtra, which formed to look into the violence in Mangalore, stated that the attacks were carried out by the Bajrang Dal and the Sri Ram Sena. They asserted that the event was a "pretext by the police to let loose a savage assault on the community and its sacred institutions", and that the police "conducted themselves as activists of the Bajrang Dal and not as officers of the law, under the benign gaze of the friendly state government." The police were reported to be "more interested in interrogating the nuns than in investigating the assaults." The National Commission for Minorities asked for a ban on the Bajrang Dal, after conducting reports into events in Orissa and Karnataka.
Retired Justice M. F. Saldanha, formerly of the Bombay High Court, was outspoken against the protests and published a report in 2011 investigating the attacks on Christian institutions and people, written up after he visited 413 locations, examined 673 witnesses and 2,114 victims of the attacks. He described the attacks as "state-sponsored terrorism", and concluded that "the attacks and incidents which took place were instigated and pre-planned. They were not only supported by the state, but were also covered up for by the state." The report also stated, "The responsibility for this devolves squarely on Home Minister V. S. Acharya and the Chief Minister B S Yediyurappa". Saldanha believes that the "communal forces" at work attacking Christian institutions are also part of an anti-Islam movement on the coastal belt of India. This was later backed by Joseph Dias of the Catholic Secular Forum who said that the Karnataka riots were "part of a wider plan of radical Hindutva elements targeting the Christian community after the Muslim community", which had manifested in all of the BJP-ruled states of India. Saldanha further stated, "There is 100 per cent evidence of two things: the state machinery and the police had a role in attacks on churches. There is videographic and photographic evidence of police entering places of worship."
The official commission enquiring into the attacks on Christians, originally constituted on 19 September 2009 for a period of three months, had been extended ten times, causing dismay amongst local Christians. Yeddyurappa initially stated that a judicial inquiry into the attacks was unnecessary, as he believed that the state police were competent enough to investigate and bring the perpetrators to justice themselves. Jesuit priest Fr. M. K. George remarked that "The government does not seem to be serious about the early release of the commission report... the government is lacking the political will to act". Revd. Manohar Chandra Prasad criticised the government for "soft pedaling" and believed that the extension was an indication of the government’s "step-motherly" attitude toward Christians. The official report of Justice B. K. Somasekhara, initiated by Yeddyurappa's BJP-led state government was eventually made public in January 2011, in which it stated that the attacks were suspected to have been initiated by the Bajrang Dal, denying any involvement of the state government and the police, "true Hindus", or any cover-up in the attacks after collecting 2,204 exhibits and 30 materials related to the attacks, 25 spot inspections and examining attacks on 57 churches in Karnataka. The report stated, "There is no basis to apprehension of Christian petitioners that politicians, BJP, mainstream Sangh Parivar and State Government directly or indirectly are involved in the attacks. No politicians or representative of any political party in the state who politicised the incidents of attack for their benefits immediately did not come before the commission with their affidavits or to give evidence or opinion in the matter." The report—which cost around 30 million and took over 28 months, 300 sittings, and 800 pieces of recorded evidence to be realised—concluded that the district authorities and the police had, in most cases, taken the "appropriate steps regarding the Church and the people including the required protection." Somasekhara concluded that the attacks were "carried out by 'misguided elements' following circulation of literature insulting Hindu gods and reports of conversion activity by some Christian groups" and that "the Roman Catholic church and its leaders were not involved in conversion." In the case of Chikkamagaluru district, Somasekhara noted that "the Government may enquire and withdraw the privileges to every people who is indulging or getting converted in such illegal activities of conversions commercially." The report was widely criticised by the Christian community for being "biased" and activists belonging to the Religious Christian Minority Wing of the JDS burnt a copy of the Somasekhara report.
2011 protest.
On 20 February 2011, following the publication of Saldanha's and Somasekhara's contradictory reports on the attacks on churches, more than 100,000 Christians representing some 45 Christian denominations and secular organisations gathered in Mangalore to protest. Present was Bishop Aloysius Paul D'Souza of Mangalore Diocese, Bishop Emeritus C. L. Furtado and Bishop John S. Sadananda of the CSI Karnataka Southern Diocese, AICC General Secretary Oscar Fernandes, Bishop Lawrence Mukkuzhy of the Catholic Syro-Malabar Diocese of Belthangady, Geevarghese Mar Divannasious of the Syro-Malankara Diocese of Puttur, Diocesan Vicar-General Msgr Denis M. Prabhu; and some 24 new-generation churches united under the Karnataka Missions Network (KMN) including the Campus Crusade for Christ (CCC), Operation Mobilization Bookstall (OMB), Good News Book Centre (GNBC), All India Catholic Union (AICU), Catholic Association of South Kanara (CASK), and International Federation of Karnataka Christian Associations (IFKCA). Secular organisations participating in the protest included Udupi Jilla Alpasankhyatara Vedike (UJAV), the People's Union for Civil Liberties (PUCL), the DK District Committee, the local unit of the Democratic Youth Federation of India (DYFI), and the Muslim Vartakara Sangha (VS) and Muslim Okkoota groups. The protest rally was "organised against a backdrop of an apparent whitewash by the B. K. Somasekhara Commission concerning Hindu radicals and government agencies." The protesters tied black cloths over their mouths and carried black flags as they walked silently for about a kilometre in one of the strongest Christian areas of the city. George Castelino, a Catholic lay leader who guided the march, stated that the black "symbolised that the action of the government and its commission have silenced Christians." Rev. Alwyn Culaso of the Full Gospel Church said that "This is a sea of Christianity that is wounded by the attacks on the churches by the fundamental groups. The government should look at the faith and patience of these people and give justice." On 17 February 2011, Ronald Colaco, Chairman of IFKCA and Higher Education Minister V. S. Acharya submitted a memorandum to Yeddyurappa, demanding that the cases filed against Christian youths be dropped. Following the publications of the reports and subsequent protests, the government of Karnataka announced that it would drop 338 cases against Christians who had protested in the attacks. In December 2011, 23 cases against Christians were dropped upon request by the Karnataka Christians International and the Mangalore Diocese.

</doc>
