<doc id="19596809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19596809" title="Big Brother 5 (Croatia)">
Big Brother 5 (Croatia)

Big Brother 5 Croatia began on Friday 5 September 2008. The major twist of this edition is that the House is not actually in Croatia, but it is located in the country of Thailand.
This is not the first time a house has been located outside of the country of the broadcaster. The first time it happened was in 2003 when the Big Brother VIP1 Denmark edition took place in the Big Brother Norway house. Also in 2003, the Gran Hermano Ecuador edition was located in the Argentinian house and the Pacific edition was located in the Columbian House. This Croatian edition is however the first edition to use a house in another country as part of a twist as all the other instances were done due to necessity.
Housemates.
Elizabeta.
Elizabeta Skoković is a 50-year-old nurse and masseuse from Slavonski Brod, Croatia. Early on in her stay Elizabeta was considering leaving the house, so much so that in the second round of nominations she refused to nominate just so she would be nominated. Following the second eviction(which she survived) Elizabeta had a change of heart and decided that she wanted to stay. She was not nominated again until the eighth round of nominations. She was evicted on Day 84.
Ivan L.
Ivan Lehocki is a 28-year-old geophysicist from Osijek, Croatia. During his stay in the house he was nominated for eviction only once, in round eight of nominations and was evicted on Day 91.
Ivan M.
Ivan Mitrović is a 23-year-old athlete and model from Zagreb, Croatia. During his stay in the Big brother house Ivan M was nominated for eviction four times and was not evicted until the final eviction on Day 98.
Krešimir.
Krešimir Duvančić is a 31-year-old from Zagreb, Croatia. From early on Kresimir proved himself to be both popular with the viewers as well as his fellow housemates and he did not find himself nominated for eviction until round nine of nominations, Kresimir survived the eviction. Kresimir was again nominated in round ten of nominations and he again survived. Kresimir ultimately went on to win by a landslide against the runner up Ornela on day 106.
Lucija.
Lucija Myšičkova is a 31-year-old fashion designer from Zagreb, Croatia. Lucija was nominated in the very first eviction but managed to survive. She was nominated again in the second round of nominations and once again survived. She was nominated again in round three of nominations against Tomislav K and for the third time in a row survived. In round four of nominations Lucija was once again nominated, this time against Marko and Sasa, and she was finally evicted on Day 56.
Marko.
Marko Deša is a 26-year-old personal trainer from Rijeka, Hrvatska. While in the house Marko started a relationship with fellow housemate Monika. Marko became the housemate to face eviction most often, having been up for eviction in round two, four, six, eight, and ten of nominations. Marko ultimately came in third place on day 106.
Martine.
Martine Manojlović is a 38-year-old makeup artist from New york. Martine was the first ever American housemate in the history of Big brother Croatia. On Day 25 Martine left the Big brother Croatia house after learning that her grandmother was dying.
Mira.
Mira Mariani is a 21-year-old student from Split, Croatia. She entered on Day 39 as a replacement for Tomislav M and Martine. She was nominated in the fifth round of nominations against Ivan M and Ornela and was evicted on Day 63.
Monika.
Monika Bukovac is a 20-year-old student from Rijeka, Croatia. For most of her stay in the house Monika managed to avoid being nominated but in the sixth round of nominations she found herself nominated against Marko and was evicted on Day 70.
Ornela.
Ornela Bešker-Amulić is a 20-year-old student from Split, Croatia. Ornela was the only original female housemate to not be evicted before the finale, though she did face eviction in rounds two, four, and seven. Ornela ultimately placed second in the final on day 106.
Rina.
Rina Dehni is a 25-year-old from Rijeka, Croatia. Rina entered as a new housemate on Day 9. In the second round of nominations Rina found herself nominated and banned from being able to nominate along with Tomislav K and Valerija after they were caught discussing nominations. Rina was evicted on Day 28 but came back to the house as a guest. She is the only housemate this season who never got to nominate.
Sabina.
Sabina Jurić is a 28-year-old from Osijek, Croatia. She entered on Day 39 as a replacement for Martine and Tomislav M. During her stay in the Big brother house Sabina did well for a non original housemate surviving several evictions. However later on in the her stay she got in a few fights with Ornela and was caught talking about Marko. She was finally evicted on Day 98.
Saša.
Saša Meničanin is a 25-year-old tour guide from Osijek, Croatia. Whilst in the house Sasa became one of the most nominated housemates of the season, having faced eviction four times, in rounds four, eight, nine, and ten, all of which he survived. Despite surviving four evictions Sasa only managed to place fourth in the finale on day 106.
Tomislav K.
Tomislav Kuščević is a 29-year-old entrepreneur from Split, Croatia. Tomislav K managed to avoid earning enough nomination points to be up for nomination in the first two rounds however in round two he along with Rina and Valerija were nominated by Big brother for discussing nominations. He survived the second eviction only to be nominated in the third round of nominations against Lucija and was evicted on Day 42.
Tomislav M.
Tomislav Markulinčić is a 26-year-old student from Zagreb, Croatia. From early on in his stay Tomislav M seemed uncomfortable and on Day 10 he left the Big brother Croatia house stating that it was a mistake to come to the Big brother house and that he wanted to get back to his studies.
Valerija.
Valerija Sever is a 22-year-old waitress from Varazdin, Croatia. Valerija managed to escape nomination in the first round of nominations but was nominated and banned from nominating in the second round of nominations after it was discovered by Big brother that she as well as Tomislav K and Rina had discussed nominations. She managed to survive the second eviction and was not nominated again until the seventh round of nominations. She was nominated against Sabina and was evicted on Day 77.
Violeta.
Violeta Kuštro is a 28-year-old salesman from Osijek, Croatia. She was nominated against Lucija in the first eviction of the series and was evicted on Day 14.

</doc>
<doc id="19596839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19596839" title="The Ghost Ship (Stingray)">
The Ghost Ship (Stingray)

"The Ghost Ship" is the 8th episode of the Supermarionation television series "Stingray", originally aired as episode 3 on October 18, 1964. It was written by Alan Fennell and was directed by Desmond Saunders.
Synopsis.
The WASPS get a report about the sighting of an ancient galleon on the sea, so Commander Shore joins the Stingray crew to investigate, and soon trouble starts when Shore and Phones go aboard the seemingly deserted galleon...
Plot.
The episode opens with an ancient galleon rising up from the ocean floor to the surface. Soon, it is sailing along the ocean and firing cannons.
The World Aquanaut Security Patrol get a report about the galleon and Commander Shore is intrigued by it all and decides to get Stingray to investigate, with him joining the crew on board.
Stingray arrives at the location where the galleon was last sighted. Troy Tempest sees nothing but a thick fog but soon enough he spots the galleon approaching and it appears to be deserted. After calling out to the galleon using a megaphone and getting no reply, Shore decides to go aboard, choosing Phones to go with him and telling Troy to stay aboard Stingray with Marina.
Shore and Phones use hoverjets to go over to the galleon and split up to investigate the galleon. Shore hears footsteps from somewhere and he reunites with Phones to go into a room. Inside the room is a freshly prepared meal and Shore and Phones enter fully into the room and the door slams shut, which then triggers a trapdoor making Shore and Phones descend lower down the galleon. By the communication wrist watch, Shore tells Troy to stay on board Stingray still.
In a lower section of the galleon now we find Shores and Phones wondering what is going on. Suddenly hearing a creaking noise, they draw their guns and a voice from the other side of a door in the room they are in suddenly orders them to throw down their guns or they will be shot on the spot.
The door opens revealing Idotee, an alien pirate, and he plans to lure Troy to the galleon to punish him for his crimes to the underwater races. Idotee orders Shore to tell Troy to come aboard or he shall kill both Shore and Phones. Troy insists on coming on board but Shore tells him to stay where he is and tells Troy to launch sting missiles to blow the galleon up. Troy disobeys and soon Idotee, angry that Shore did not obey him, launches cannon fire at Stingray and then makes the galleon go underwater. It is able to go underwater due to airlocks that Idotee added to the galleon.
Troy then plans to go aboard and give himself up to Idotee to save Shore and Phones. Before he goes with air tanks, he takes a pill from Marina as part of a plan he has.
Troy soon swims over to the galleon and gets inside to the room and is greeted by Idotee, who has now Phones and Shore tied up with an automatic crossbow aimed at them ready to fire in 20 minutes. Idotee then reveals that Shore and Phones will still die and he plans a more prolonged death for Troy. While ranting about what he will do to Troy, Troy is releasing the air from the air tanks and soon Shore, Phones and Idotee are all laughing; Troy does not laugh.
Shore then realises it is laughing gas coming from the air tanks that Troy brought and Troy took the antidote. Idotee passes out from laughing so much and Troy moves the crossbow, making the big arrows miss Shore and Phones, and soon they both pass out from laughing too.
Back at Marineville, with Idotee sent to jail, Shore yells angrily at Troy for disobeying orders but soon then reveals how pleased he is with Troy's courage and bravery to rescue his comrades and says he is proud to have Troy as a member of the World Aquanaut security patrol.
Production.
Even though the character in the episode was never named, writer Alan Fennell did pen the aquaphibian's name as Idotee in the script. The galleon was specially made for this episode by Derek Medding's visual effects model-making team, while art director Bob Bell designed the galleon's deck. Both the model of the ship and the deck would reappear in the later episode "Set Sail For Adventure" as Admiral Denver's galleon.
Reception.
Vincent Law, in fanzine Andersonic Issue 8, compares this episode to "A Nut For Marineville" as both feature aliens attacking with no stated motivation, and describing the Stingray crew's approach to "the unknown usually being to shoot first". He also relates the episode to both "Pink Ice" and "Invisible Enemy" where the attackers are not even seen, and the attitude towards the villains being "blast them before they blast us." He also praise Barry Gray's flute music when "the ancient galleon appears slowly out of the fog."

</doc>
<doc id="19596847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19596847" title="Jack Chanin">
Jack Chanin

Jack Chanin (1907-1997) was a performer, demonstrator, manufacturer, creator, and magic shop owner. He ran Philadelphia's oldest magic studio, Chanin's Studio of Magic, until 1981. He also performed as an Oriental act under the name Cha-Nin.
He marketed hundreds of effects of his own invention, including the Mesh Egg Bag.
Jack Chanin seemed to be able to reach into the pile behind the counter and produce anything a customer wanted.

</doc>
<doc id="19596886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19596886" title="Sean Harris (American football)">
Sean Harris (American football)

Sean Harris (born February 25, 1972 in Tucson, Arizona) is a former American football linebacker in the National Football League. He was drafted by the Chicago Bears in the third round of the 1995 NFL Draft. He played college football at Arizona. 
Harris also played for the Indianapolis Colts.

</doc>
<doc id="19596895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19596895" title="Anson Dart">
Anson Dart

Anson Dart (1797–1879) was the Superintendent for Indian Affairs in the Oregon Territory from 1850 to 1852. Dart negotiated treaties with the tribes in the territory (now the states of Oregon and Washington), thirteen of which were negotiated August 5-9, 1851, at Tansy Point near Astoria, Oregon. Dart's orders were to remove the western Oregon tribes to the east of the Cascade Range. This plan did not succeed as tribes refused to sign these treaties. Dart finally settled on tribal reservations west of the Cascades. Altogether Dart negotiated 19 treaties in the territory. These treaties were never ratified by the United States Congress. Dart resigned in 1852 to be replaced by Joel Palmer who was very successful with his treaties negotiated in 1853-1855.

</doc>
<doc id="19596904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19596904" title="San Sebastián de Garabandal">
San Sebastián de Garabandal

San Sebastián de Garabandal (commonly called just Garabandal), is a rural village in the Peña Sagra mountain range of Northern Spain. Located in the autonomous community of Cantabria, about 600 meters above sea level, Garabandal is about 35 miles (55 km) from the Cantabrian capital, Santander, and roughly 250 miles (400 km) from the Spanish capital, Madrid. It has a population of about 300.
Garabandal Events.
From 1961 to 1965, four young schoolgirls said they had received visitations and messages from Saint Michael the Archangel and the Blessed Virgin Mary. The visitations numbered in the thousands, drew huge crowds, and featured supposed paranormal phenomena, much of it filmed or photographed, with thousands of witnesses. 
Today, the town is a place of pilgrimage for Roman Catholics and members of other faiths. Catholics have since been reminded by the Roman Hierarchy that the Garabandal apparitions are in no way sanctioned or approved by the Church. 
Because of the town's remote location and lack of easy accessibility, it has remained largely the same as it was in 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="19596907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19596907" title="Srinivas (singer)">
Srinivas (singer)

Srinivas is an award-winning playback singer who has sung over 2000 songs in Tamil, Malayalam, Telugu, Kannada and Hindi. He has also worked independently as a music composer, working on films and private albums.
Early life.
Srinivas was born in Ambasamudram, Tamil Nadu, though his family moved and has since then lived his entire childhood in Thiruvananthapuram. He started listening to Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer, KV Narayanaswamy and others through his aunt Mrs. Padma Narayanan, his guru in music. The soul-stirring magic of Kishore Kumar-R.D.Burman deeply influenced him in his childhood days.
He went to complete his B.Tech from Bombay University, Department of Chemical Technology (UDCT, now known as ICT); during which he represented his university in youth festivals. After pursuing his career as a chemical engineer and a marketing professional for 10 years, his passion for music got the better of him, and did very well in that field.
Career.
In 1983, Srinivas approached music director Ilaiyaraaja, who was at the helm of Tamil film music. He was offered the opportunity to work with Ilaiyaraaja, but things did not work out, as he was suffering from severe throat infection that day.
In 1992, the soundtrack of Mani Ratnam's Tamil film "Roja" reignited his dreams of playback singing. Mani Ratnam introduced composer A. R. Rahman with this movie, who then went on to change the music scene in the whole Indian film industry. Encouraged by the use of fresh voices in "Roja", Srinivas approached Rahman. Rahman took a liking to his rendition of Mehdi Hassan's ghazals and offered him work at Chennai.
In 1994, Srinivas shifted base to Chennai and started lending his voice to advertisement jingles and devotional albums.
His first foray into playback singing began with the song "Sorgam Enbathu Namakku" with Swarnalatha from the movie "Nammavar", composed by Mahesh. It went on to became a runaway hit.
Only in 1996 he did gain recognition with the song "Maana Madurai" from A. R. Rahman's "Minsaara Kanavu". Then came "En Uyire" in Mani Ratnam's "Uyire.." (the Tamil version of "Dil Se.."). This Rahman composition catapulted Srinivas into fame.
Srinivas has sung for leading music directors like A. R. Rahman, Ilaiyaraaja, Deva, Vidyasagar, Bharadwaj, and in languages like Tamil, Malayalam, etc. He has made a foray into music direction through the Tamil movie Yai Nee Romba Azhaga Irukey, in which he was one among the five music directors. His composition "Ini Naanum naanillai" in that film is a major hit. His famous albums include "Ussele Ussele" and "Paarvai". Also he has worked as a co-composer to Praveen Mani for "Little John". He has composed music for Two Malayalam films titled "Seetha Kalyanam" & Train.
The playback singer from the south cut his first private album in Hindi titled "Yeh Duniya Sab Ki". His other hits in Hindi include "Kaisi Hai Yeh" from "Dil Chahta Hai" and "Zindagi" from the film "Yuvvraaj".
Srinivas is a close associate to A. R. Rahman from the very first day they got introduced. On working with Rahman, he says,
"There can be only one Rahman. Two years ago, he called me out of the blue to supervise his recordings. I consider it an honour. Earlier, he would be there to monitor every single take. I sometimes wonder if I can match his perfection standards," and adds, "He's at lightning speed when it comes to creativity and innovations. There are times when he compliments me and nothing feels as good as that. For me, it's like an award."
He is a judge on "Airtel Super Singer", aired in Vijay TV along with Sujatha and Unnikrishnan. 
In 2010, he released an album: "Timeless Classics by Srinivas". This was a tribute to Mehdi Hassan and included major ghazals of him sung by Srinivas. It was released on Saregama and was launched by A. R. Rahman.
In May 2011, he composed music for Jayaraj's Mammootty-starrer thriller "The Train". In 2013, he composed music for the Tamil film 'Kangaroo'.
He is presently judging a famous music reality show named Josco Indian Voice, telecasted in Mazhavil Manorama alongside Sujatha and Sharreth.
Awards.
He has also bagged many prestigious awards. He was awarded the State Award by the government of Tamil Nadu twice, for his song "Minsara Poove" from the Rajnikanth film "Padayappa" and in 2007 for his song, "Maargazhiyil" from "Onbathu Rooba Nottu". He got the Kerala State Award for the song "Baansuri" from the film "Raathrimazha". He was conferred with the title Kalaimamani by the Tamil Nadu government. His other awards include the Cinema Express Award, IIFA Award, AV Max Award and Filmfans Award. Most recently, he was awarded the Kerala Film Critics' Award for Best Music Director, for the movie Seetha Kalyanam.
Personal life.
He has two daughters. His elder daughter Sharanya Srinivas is an upcoming singer in the Tamil music industry.

</doc>
<doc id="19596919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19596919" title="Lukášov">
Lukášov

Lukášov () is a small city near Liberec in the Czech Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="19596937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19596937" title="Sun Bird">
Sun Bird

"Sun Bird" is an intermezzo composed by Kerry Mills in 1908. Thurland Chattaway wrote lyrics that appear in some later publications. The chorus is a love song from an Indian warrior to Sun Bird, an Indian maiden:
The song has been recorded numerous time in many different styles.

</doc>
<doc id="19596950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19596950" title="1950–51 Huddersfield Town F.C. season">
1950–51 Huddersfield Town F.C. season

Huddersfield Town's 1950–51 campaign continued Town's post-war form of surviving relegation to Division 2 by the skins of their teeth. They finished in 19th place, just 4 points clear of the 3 teams below them, Chelsea, who survived relegation and the unlucky twosome of Sheffield Wednesday and Everton.
Review.
Since the end of World War II, Town's form was more relegation than championship-winning form. Having said that, Town's form at the start of the season was impressive with 5 wins in their first 7 games. Following that, Town's form made a rapid spiral downwards with a dreadful 6–2 loss against Arsenal and an even worse 8–0 defeat by Middlesbrough. Town's form would eventually improve following the defensive purchases of Bill McGarry and Laurie Kelly. Between December and mid-March, Town would only win 2 matches, oddly enough both away from home at Burnley and Aston Villa.
Town were in dire straits by the end of the season, but an amazing run of form saw Town record impressive wins over wouldbe champions Tottenham Hotspur and 3rd placed Blackpool. A 6–0 defeat by Manchester United right at the end made no difference to Town's fate, with the Terriers just surviving yet again. They finished in 19th place, just 4 points clear of the 3 teams below them, Chelsea, who survived relegation and the unlucky twosome of Sheffield Wednesday and Everton.

</doc>
<doc id="19596951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19596951" title="Wild Bunch (film company)">
Wild Bunch (film company)

Wild Bunch S.A. is a French film distribution and international sales company. Originally a division of StudioCanal, the company has distributed and sold films such as "Land of the Dead", "Southland Tales", Woody Allen's "Cassandra's Dream", "Vicky Cristina Barcelona", "Whatever Works", and Steven Soderbergh's "Che", "The King's Speech", and "The Artist". Wild Bunch also owns international rights to Studio Ghibli's works.
Activities.
Wild Bunch is a film sales company and also a pan-European film distributor.
France.
In France, Wild Bunch is a theatrical distributor (Wild Bunch Distribution) and also a video distributor through its subsidiary (Wild Side Vidéo).
Wild Bunch also positioned itself on the digital distribution market through its VoD/SVoD subsidiary Filmo TV.
Worldwide.
Apart from its international sales activities, Wild Bunch is also a direct distributor in Italy (BiM Distribuzione). Wild Bunch became the main shareholder of BIM Distribuzione in 2007 (Variety), in Germany (Wild Bunch Germany / Central Film) and in Spain (Vertigo Films).
Catalogue.
Wild Bunch manages more than 1700 titles.

</doc>
<doc id="19596969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19596969" title="Strathyre">
Strathyre

Strathyre () is a district and settlement in the Stirling local government district of Scotland. It forms the south-eastern part of the parish of Balquhidder and was, prior to the 1973 reorganisation of local government, part of Perthshire. It is within the bounds of the Loch Lomond and the Trossachs National Park. The district is Srath Eadhair and the village is An t-Iomaire Riabhach or an t-Iomaire Fada.
The district of Strathyre extends from east of Balquhidder, following the River Balvaig which flows out of Loch Voil, almost due south to Loch Lubnaig. The River Balvaig is 8 kilometres in length, almost all of which lies in Strathyre. It falls by around 5 metres between Loch Voil and Loch Lubnaig. The A84 road and the route of the former Callander and Oban Railway run through the strath, as does the old 18th century military road.
The Strathyre Forest, which extends well beyond the limits of Strathyre proper, is managed by the Forestry Commission, forming the easternmost part of the Queen Elizabeth Forest Park.
The village of Strathyre is largely a Victorian creation, having grown up with the arrival of the railway in the 1870s and the establishment of Strathyre railway station. The resident population recorded by the United Kingdom Census 2001 was around 100. The village is a popular tourist centre, with nearby caravan parks, camp sites and chalets, and canoeing, cycling and walking facilities.
Strathyre has a small primary school with 40 pupils on the roll, drawn from a catchment area which includes Balquhidder. Gaelic is taught in the infant school, French in the upper primary. Local children normally travel to Callander for their secondary education.

</doc>
<doc id="19596971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19596971" title="Washington Terrace (St. Louis)">
Washington Terrace (St. Louis)

Washington Terrace is a residential private place in St. Louis, Missouri, laid out circa 1892. The gate is south of Union and Delmar, within the bounds of the Central West End. 
A private place is a self-governing enclave whose common areas like streets and common gardens are owned by the residents, with services are provided by the private sector, an experiment that foreshadowed the gated community in the U.S. by 100 years. About 50 of these enclaves once stood within the borders of the city of St. Louis. Most were designed by civil engineer Julius Pitzman between 1868 and 1905. Many of these developments, like Washington Terrace, are well-preserved and still gated, patrolled, and functioning as private enclaves.
Pitzman laid out Washington Terrace with 50 lots and an imposing entry gate, a "French Norman Clock Tower" designed by Harvey Ellis and the architect George R. Mann. The styles of the mansions, many of them built in anticipation of the 1904 Louisiana Purchase Exposition and constructed atop substantial pedestals, range from Italian Renaissance, Richardsonian Romanesque and Tudor. 
Number 25 Washington Terrace, for instance, was the residence of Joseph W. Moon, of St. Louis's once-successful Moon Motor Car. Number 11 was the home of Julius Adler Baer, of Stix, Baer and Fuller. 

</doc>
<doc id="19596976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19596976" title="Zaandam Kogerveld railway station">
Zaandam Kogerveld railway station

Zaandam Kogerveld is a railway station located in Zaandam, the Netherlands. The station opened in 1989 on the Zaandam–Enkhuizen railway. The station is 2 km north of Zaandam railway station, and is in the Kogerveld estate. This station is a suburb station of Zaandam. Other estates nearby are Hoornseveld and 't Kalf. 
Residents from Koog aan de Zaan also use this station for Purmerend and Hoorn. 
Train services.
The following services currently call at Zaandam Kogerveld.

</doc>
<doc id="19596986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19596986" title="Raavanan">
Raavanan

Raavanan (English: "Ravana") is a 2010 Indian Tamil thriller film written, produced, and directed by Mani Ratnam. The film features Vikram, Aishwarya Rai and Prithviraj in the lead roles, with a supporting cast led by Karthik, Prabhu and Priyamani. The film was also made simultaneously in Hindi as "Raavan", with a slightly different cast. Furthermore, the film was dubbed and released in Telugu as "Villain", with all three versions releasing simultaneously on 18 June 2010.
The film follows the crux of the epic Ramayana, with a ruthless police officer on the chase to find a tribal leader and lawbreaker, who has kidnapped his wife. Veeraiya, the kidnapper and his motif for the kidnap has been led on by the death of his sister, as a result of police custodial torture and brutal rape. The film explores the search by the officer, whilst exploring the changing emotions that the three protagonists experience with each other, leading to a riveting climax, situated in the jungle.
"Raavanan" was announced in February 2008, amidst much hype of the celebrated director, Mani Ratnam's return to Tamil films, whilst Vikram's and Aishwarya Rai's selection in the lead roles, creating more anticipation. Shooting began soon after, and took place in various locations with a record number of extras in areas including Chalakudy, Kerala and Ooty, Tamil Nadu amongst other regions throughout India.
Plot.
The film opens with shots showing Veeraiya (Vikram) jumping off a cliff into water. His gang is busy distracting the police. Police vehicles are set ablaze and women seduce policemen into a trap whereby Veera's henchmen attack. The police are ruthlessly murdered. Raagini (Aishwarya Rai Bachchan), whilst on a boating trip, is kidnapped by Veera. Dev Prakash (Prithviraj Sukumaran), her husband and a senior police officer, is informed of the incident.
A brief montage of sorts showcases the story of Veeraiya. He is seen as a local hero, who runs a parallel govt in areas near Tirunelveli, with his brothers – Singarasu (Prabhu Ganesan) and Sakkarai (Munna). Though considered a terrorist by the local police, Veeraiyya is respected by the villagers. He kidnaps Raagini hoping to avenge the death of his sister Vennila (Priyamani). He brings her to the edge of a cliff to shoot her to death. She refuses to die at his hands and jumps off the cliff into the water far below, hoping to kill herself, but fails to do so. This causes Veera to hold off the murder, being unable to kill someone who has no fear of death.
Dev and his team enter the forests with the aid of Gnanaprakasam (Karthik Muthuraman), a local forest guard. Gnanaprakasam plays the role of Hanuman from the traditional epic. Despite searching deep in the forests, Dev is unable to hunt down Veera.
Meanwhile, Raagini develops feelings for Veera after she hears the story of his sister's death. Dev had led an encounter against Veera during Vennila's wedding. Dev's shot grazes Veera in the neck. Veera, fighting for his life, is unable to protect his sister, and he is led out of the fiasco by his gang. The police pressurise Vennila into revealing Veera's hideout. When she refuses, she is subjected to physical and sexual assault. Veera returns home to find Vennila distraught and traumatised. The next day, she commits suicide by drowning in a nearby well.
Unhappy with the way his brother is leading a war causing distress to his gang, Sakkarai offers a truce to Dev. Dev initially seems to agree but, when Sakkarai comes out in the open, Dev shoots him to death – revealing that he considers the destruction of Veera as more important than saving his wife.
Veera and Singarasu are enraged and attack Dev's camp; they wipe it out completely. A final confrontation between Veera and Dev takes place on a rickety bridge – where Veera triumphs over Dev – when he decides not to let Dev die. He tells Dev he is letting him live because of his wife. Dev manages to extricate himself out and finds Raagini bound and tied up – with Veera leaving her.
Dev is not entirely happy and, while returning to their hometown of Mettukudi, he accuses Raagini of infidelity and informs her that it was Veera who told him so. Furious, Raagini leaves Dev to meet Veera through Singarasu. She manages to meet him and asks him why he had accused her. Veera tells her he said that he had protected Raagini safely for the fourteen days and nothing else. He quickly realises that Dev lied, hoping Raagini would lead him to his hideout.
Dev appears with a police team and confront the duo. Raagini tries to save Veera, but he pushes her out of the line of fire. He is shot multiple times, whereby he falls off the cliff. The touching climax of the movie shows Raagini's true feelings coming to surface: She is seen trying with all her might to save Veera. Although Veera tries to grab her hand amidst the gun fire, he fails to do so, dying without touching Raagini throughout the time he knew her. (In the last song, "Naan Varuvaen," it says he, Veera, will be back to touch her, with his life and soul.) Veera, content that Raagini has feelings for him, falls to his death with a smile.
Pre-production.
Development.
During the making of his 2007 biopic "Guru" starring Abhishek Bachchan and Aishwarya Rai, Mani Ratnam had finalised a script for his next directorial venture titled "Lajjo". Based on a short story by Ismat Chughtai, it was a musical period film set in the desert and was to star Aamir Khan and Kareena Kapoor in the lead. Though the film was slated to go on floors after the release of the former, there were reports of a fall-out between Ratnam and Khan due to creative differences. While cinematographer P. C. Sreeram denied the reports, the film's would-be lyricist Gulzar said there were actually problems with acquiring the copyright of the story, and composer A. R. Rahman even confirmed to having completed 80% of the film score. Yet, the project was put on the back burner for reasons unknown.
Following the critical and commercial success of "Guru", Ratnam announced his next film in February 2008. A modern day retelling of the mythological epic "Ramayana", the film again features the real life couple in the lead. The film was initially planned to be made only in Hindi and the idea for the Tamil version came later. In January 2009, while the film was in the making, it was further decided to dub the Tamil version to Telugu making it a tri-lingual. While the film was yet to be titled, it was widely reported in the media that the Tamil version was titled "Ashokavanam" in reference to the place where Sita was held captive by Ravana. Further reports emerged stating that since director Kasthuri Raja has already registered the title for his project, Ratnam has requested him for using the title. Later, Vikram, the lead actor, clarified in an interview that the film was tentatively titled "Ravana" but was wrongly reported as "Ashokavanam". Subsequently, the film was titled "Raavan" in Hindi, "Raavanan" in Tamil and "Villain" in Telugu.
While the plot is inspired by "Ramayana", the story is narrated from Ravana's perspective making him the protagonist. The film is centered on the 'Ashokavanam' episode where Ravana kidnaps Sita and keeps her in Asokavanam. Later Rama ventures to save his wife and bring her back.
Casting.
While Bachchan and Vikram were roped in for the contrasting leads in Hindi, Ratnam asked them to swap roles in Tamil. Though Bachchan agreed initially, he grew skeptical being unfamiliar with the language. Eventually Prithviraj was cast in his place. Rai plays the female lead in both versions of the film. After a brief hiatus, Karthik made a comeback with this film, collaborating with Ratnam for the third time after "Mouna Ragam" and "Agni Natchathiram". Prabhu was cast in a prominent role, joining hands with Ratnam after "Agni Natchathiram" and "Anjali". While Priyamani was cast as Ravana's sister, Munna was signed up to play a role synonymous with Vibhishana. Bipasha Basu was to play the role of Mandodari, which was later scrapped to keep the film short. Comedian Vaiyapuri plays a transgender.
While the cinematography was handled by V. Manikandan and was later taken over by Santosh Sivan when the former left the project, editing was done by Sreekar Prasad. Rai's costumes were exclusively designed by fashion designer Sabyasachi Mukherjee. Choreography was by Ganesh Acharya, Brinda, Shobana, and Astad Deboo. Peter Hein and Shyam Koushal choreographed the action sequences and Samir Chanda took care of production design.
Production.
The film was predominantly shot outdoors in various hitherto unseen locations in and around India. Shooting took place at Tumkur (Karnataka), Orchha near Jhansi and the forests of Madhya Pradesh, Mahabaleshwar in Maharashtra. It was also reported that Ratnam had planned to shoot at Sri Lanka but decided against it owing to insurgency by the rebel group LTTE. But Ratnam dismissed the reports as rumours.
Principal photography commenced in October 2008, in the forests near Kochi, Kerala. A few scenes were filmed at Athirappilly Falls, Ratnam's favourite location. Incidentally, he has shot for the songs 'Jiya Jale' in "Dil Se" and 'Barso Re' in "Guru" at the same location. Forest officials banned the shooting at Malayattoor, an eco-tourism centre, for violating rules and constructing temporary huts, delaying the shoot for 11 days until the issues were resolved on 22 October 2008, while laying down reworked rules. The second leg of the shooting at Ooty that began in December 2008 was also delayed as local cab drivers protested the use of film federation (FEFSI) vehicles which affected their business, forcing a dejected Ratnam to call off the shoot temporarily and move on to Hogenakkal Falls. In February 2009, the crew advanced to Kolkata where the song 'Kalvare' was shot by the banks of Hooghly at Agarpara. Later, as the shooting resumed and progressed at Ooty, Ratnam fell ill in April 2009 and was hospitalised at Apollo Hospitals, causing a further delay of 47 days until filming resumed in June 2009 following his recovery. As the numerous delays affected his other projects, DOP Manikandan walked out in May and was replaced by Santosh Sivan. By July, the crew moved back to Kerala, to reshoot a few scenes at Chalakudy as Ratnam was reportedly unsatisfied after seeing the rushes. This time around, heavy rains played spoilsport leading to another delay in filming. Moreover, when an elephant brought for the shoot ran amok killing the mahout, the Animal Welfare Board served a show cause notice to the production company (Madras Talkies) for not taking permission to use elephants.
The film began its last schedule in August 2009 at the Malshej Ghats in Maharashtra where the climax sequence was shot, the final encounter taking place on a wooden bridge. Production designer Samir Chanda built three identical bridges to facilitate the scene to be captured from different angles. Though initially planned to be built either in Sri Lanka, Australia or South Africa, the bridge was constructed in Mumbai to reduce costs. While bad weather and heavy rains disrupted shoot for a few days, the forest department filed cases against some crew members for trespassing. The film went into post-production by the end of 2009.
There are numerous action sequences performed by the actors. The actors suffered from real cuts and bruises that they din't need make up. For his introduction scene, the protagonist has to jump from a 90-foot high cliff near the Hogenakkal Falls into the river below. This risky dive was performed by a body double, Balram, a Bangalore based former national diving champion. Kalarippayattu, a martial art form origaniting from Kerala, was also featured in the film. Sunil Kumar, a Kalari gym trainer from Kozhikode, trained the actors. Contemporary dancer Astad Deboo choreographed a stunt scene for the film.
Vikram got his hair cropped short for his look and it was kept under wraps until the release. Supporting actor Munna tonsured his head and went bald for a scene. Rai was training in Tamil to voice her lines. While Ratnam was impressed with her Tamil and had planned to let her dub, actress Rohini, who had earlier dubbed for Rai in "Iruvar" and "Guru", ended up lending her voice.
Release.
Marketing.
A 10 min teaser was released for a promo event. The film look was unveiled at Cannes Film Festival. "Villain" promotion in Andhra.
Satellite rights of the film were bagged by Raj TV for $1.1 million. The film was given a "U" (Universal) certificate by the Indian Censor Board.
Film festival screenings.
The film screened at 67th Venice Film Festival. The film was well received at Venice where the audience gave it a thunderous applause after it was screened. The master filmmaker was honoured with the Jaeger-LeCoultre Glory to the Filmmaker Award, an award shared by the likes of legends like Takeshi Kitano, Abbas Kiarostami and Sylvester Stallone. Later, the film has been screened at the 15th Pusan International Film Festival. Indian Panorama Film Festival. The film was premiered at the 10th Annual Mahindra Indo-American Arts Council Film Festival in New York City. Jim Luce praised mani ratnam's work and mentioned 'Raavanan is a must see international film of 2010. 29th San Francisco Asian American Film Festival.
Theatrical release.
"Raavanan" released in 375 screens worldwide. The overseas distribution rights of "Raavanan" was sold for a record price of $1.5 million to Ayngaran International."Raavanan" was previewed at the Devi-Sri Devi Cinema Complex in Chennai, where it received a standing ovation led by the actor Rajnikanth. The film was also previewed at Inox and was attended by celebrities from tinsel town. It was released worldwide on 18 June 2010 in 375 Screens (225 Screens in India and 150 Screens Overseas). 'The Telugu version "Villain" released with 215 screens in Andhra and 25 screens overseas. In the US, it was distributed by Big Cinemas.
Controversy.
It was agreed to screen the film in Bangalore in across 21 screens. But both the versions were screened in more centres, the Karnataka Film Chamber of Commerce (KFCC) approached the court. The film chamber banned the exhibition completely. The Competition Commission of India (CCI), in an interim order, stayed the chamber ban and permitted Reliance Big Entertainment Limited (RBEL) to exhibit the film in 36 cinemas. This order was to be in effect till June 22
The film also created a furore in Sri Lanka. Since Amitabh Bachchan, Abhishek and Aishwarya boycotted the IIFA awards that was held in Sri Lanka, the film release was protested and theatres were torched. Films of those who attended IIFA in Sri Lanka were banned in Tamil Nadu.
Reception.
Critical response.
The film received positive to mixed reviews. Malathi Rangarajan of "The Hindu" called "Ravanan" a "masterstroke". A. Srivathsan said that it was "Rai's most genuine performance till date". Deepak Kumaar's review. Hindustan Times review. The CNN-IBN stated that "The film is certainly not the best from Mani Ratnam's Madras Talkies, but it can't be dismissed as shabby. Even if this Raavanan has no shades of grey, overall the film falls under the greyish form of art from Mani Ratnam enterprises, and Aishwarya Rai Bachchan plays the strong woman who does not fear her kidnapper. Her performance is worth a mention but her male co-stars steal the show". IANS praises Mani Ratnam's style, but calls some of the performances "inadequate". Twitch Film review. Madurai Messenger review. Rai's performance was also noted as a highlight of the film according to Rediff, with her performance placing her in a "different league" than other Bollywood actresses. Indiaglitz praised the music, cast, dialogues and cinematography, but stated that the first half was "an utter waste of film reels". The cinematography was called "brilliant" by Behindwoods, although they found a "lack of 'Tamil' feel in the film and its music". Sify rated the film as above average and noted "the film’s best-written role, Aishwarya Rai has made a sensational comeback as Ragini, is mesmeric and has come out with an award-winning performance. Prithviraj is the ideal foil for Vikram, and is good. The movie lacks the Mani Ratnam touch in the story and screenplay department, and has a wobbly first half, where the story just does not move. The last 10 minutes are the best part of this 2 hours 7 minutes film". Film critic Sudhish Kamath review. On Rotten Tomatoes the film has a rating of 62% with 8 fresh and 5 rotten reviews.
The Tamil version was regarded as the better version of the film, with critics particularly applauding the lead performances and the technical work of the film.
Box office.
Unlike its Hindi counterpart, which tanked at the box office, the Tamil version tasted success in the South. During its opening weekend on 15 screens in the Chennai, it was the number one film and netted , an opening weekend record then. Though the film opened to packed houses, it slumped a little due to mixed reviews but later picked up following a local holiday. The film collected $8 million at the box office in the first month of release including $400,000 from Kerala. It went on to make over 600 million at the worldwide box office and remained one of the top Tamil grossers of the year. Uk opening weekend. UK boxoffice second week. New York boxoffice.
Accolades.
"Raavanan" was one among the films shortlisted for the Academy Awards. V. Manikandan won the Best Cinematography award in the Asia Pacific Screen Awards (APSA). Karunanidhi praises. Added to Austrian Film Museum. Peter Hein world stunts award.

</doc>
<doc id="19597001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597001" title="Ilya Blyznyuk">
Ilya Blyznyuk

Ilya Vladyslavovych Blyznyuk (; born 28 July 1973 is a Ukrainian football coach and a former goalkeeper.
Personal life.
Blyznyuk is the father of 3 children, his children include 2012 Olympics champion Group rhythmic gymnast Anastasia Bliznyuk.

</doc>
<doc id="19597005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597005" title="Fencing at the 2005 Islamic Solidarity Games">
Fencing at the 2005 Islamic Solidarity Games

Fencing at the 2005 Islamic Solidarity Games was held in Ta'if from April 11 to April 16, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19597009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597009" title="Jonathan Hoar">
Jonathan Hoar

Johnathan Hoar (ca 1720–after 1770) was a soldier, judge and political figure in Nova Scotia. He was a member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1759 to 1760 and from 1765 to 1770. He was born in Concord, Massachusetts, the son of Lieutenant Daniel Hoar, and was educated at Harvard College. Hoar served with Samuel Waldo during the capture of Louisbourg. He was named a judge in the Court of Common Pleas in 1762. In 1767, he became surrogate judge of probate for Annapolis. He took ill and died after leaving the Annapolis area. According to some sources, Hoar was named governor of Newfoundland but died at sea before assuming that post.

</doc>
<doc id="19597020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597020" title="24 Squadron">
24 Squadron

24 Squadron may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19597027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597027" title="26 Squadron">
26 Squadron

26 Squadron may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19597058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597058" title="34 Squadron">
34 Squadron

34 Squadron or 34th Squadron may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19597073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597073" title="George Bush">
George Bush

George Bush may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19597078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597078" title="Střevelná">
Střevelná

Střevelná is a small village in Czech Republic, part of a town Železný Brod near Jablonec nad Nisou.

</doc>
<doc id="19597079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597079" title="36 Squadron">
36 Squadron

36 Squadron may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19597085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597085" title="38 Squadron">
38 Squadron

38 Squadron or 38th Squadron may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19597089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597089" title="Kaaterskill">
Kaaterskill

Kaaterskill may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19597091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597091" title="40 Squadron">
40 Squadron

40 Squadron, No. 40 Squadron or 40th Squadron may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19597108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597108" title="Hobby–Rice theorem">
Hobby–Rice theorem

In mathematics, and in particular the necklace splitting problem, the Hobby–Rice theorem is a result that is useful in establishing the existence of certain solutions. It was proved in 1965 by Charles R. Hobby and John R. Rice; a simplified proof was given in 1976 by A. Pinkus.
The theorem.
If 
are given continuously integrable functions then there exist
and
such that
The theorem was used by Noga Alon in the context of necklace splitting in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="19597120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597120" title="2008–09 Montenegrin Cup">
2008–09 Montenegrin Cup

The Montenegrin Cup 2008–09 was the third season of the Montenegrin knockout football tournament. The defending champions were FK Mogren. The competition featured 30 teams. It started on September 17, 2008 and ended on May 13, 2009.
First round.
Last year's finalists Mogren and Budućnost received a bye to the Second Round. The remaining 14 matches were played on September 17 and 18, 2008.
Second round.
The first legs were played on October 22 and the second legs were played on November 5, 2008.
Quarterfinals.
The first legs were played on November 26 and second on December 10, 2008.
Semifinals.
The first legs were played on April 15 and second on April 29, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19597126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597126" title="Yorihiko Kojima">
Yorihiko Kojima

Kojima was born in Tokyo during World War II, the son of Kazuo and Sakae Kojima. He graduated from Tokyo Metropolitan Hibiya High School. In 1965, he received his bachelor's degree from the University of Tokyo in mechanical engineering.
He joined the Mitsusbishi Corporation that same year and continued with them his entire career. Kojima held various positions in the corporation in Tokyo, in Saudi Arabia and the United States. In 1995 he was appointed to Mitsubishi's Board of Directors as an inside director (取締役). In 2001, he went from being managing director of the corporation's merchant banking group to vice president; and in 2004 he moved up to president and CEO, when then president Mikio Sasaki replaced the out-going Minoru Makihara as chairman of the board.
He is a member of the Japan Association of Corporate Executives ("Keizai Doyukai"), and was vice-chairman of that organization in 2003, and a board member from 2003 to 2008.
Notes.
See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Footnotes for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags.

</doc>
<doc id="19597152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597152" title="Worcester Worcesters all-time roster">
Worcester Worcesters all-time roster

The Worcester Worcesters, sometimes referred to as the "Brown Stockings" or the "Ruby Legs", were a Major League Baseball team based in Worcester, Massachusetts. Though the team's alternate names appear in many modern sources, no contemporary records from the time exist that support the use of names other than "Worcester". They existed in the National League (NL) from to , and played their home games at the Worcester Agricultural Fairgrounds. 
The team was organized in 1879 as the Worcester Baseball Association, and joined the minor league National Association. The team was profitable, successful against rival teams, and did well against NL teams in exhibition games. After the season, team management turned their attention on the NL, and pursued the slot vacated by the departing Syracuse Stars. The team was voted into the NL by a majority of the owners, and in 1880, the team began their first season. The manager of the team, Frank Bancroft, and many of the players stayed with the team when it joined the NL, including pitchers Lee Richmond and Tricky Nichols, and position players Arthur Irwin, Doc Bushong, Charlie Bennett, and Chub Sullivan. On June 12, Richmond threw the first perfect game in major league history, against the Cleveland Blues. Harry Stovey, in his first major league season, led the league in triples and home runs. However, the Ruby Legs were, in turn, no-hit on August 20 by Pud Galvin of the Buffalo Bisons, becoming the first team to be no-hit at home. They played 85 games in their first season, and had a win–loss record of 40 wins, 43 losses, with 2 ties, finishing fifth in the league.
Before the season, the Worcester team experienced several setbacks. Bancroft departed as their manager, and many of the players also left the team. Mike Dorgan replaced Bancroft and served as player-manager, while Hick Carpenter and Pete Hotaling were brought in as player replacements. Further complications arose during the season: the popular Sullivan was sick with tuberculosis, and on August 19, shortstop Irwin broke his leg. This presented a problem for that day's game, because his backup, Buttercup Dickerson, was also injured at the time. As a solution, local sports equipment dealer Martin "Flip" Flaherty was used to help field a full team. Matters did not improve the following month: Lip Pike was accused of conspiring to throw baseball games, and was later expelled by the NL, and Sullivan succumbed to tuberculosis. To commemorate their teammate, the team wore a black crape on their sleeve, which began baseball's tradition of honoring the recently deceased in this manner. Dorgan departed the team before the season ended, and Stovey took over the on-field managerial duties, while also continuing his playing role. The team finished with a record of 32 wins, 50 losses, with 1 tie, finishing last among the eight teams in the league.
In 1882, the team's decline continued, and the pitchers began to complain of exhaustion and accused management of overuse. A second consecutive last-place finish, along with declining talent, their fans stopped attending home games, with attendance numbers averaging 50 paid spectators. John Clarkson, who went on to win 328 games in a 12-season career, and was the only Hall of Famer to have played for the franchise, began his career for the 1881 Ruby Legs. When the season ended, the NL decided to drop the team from the league, replacing them with the Philadelphia Quakers, who later became the Phillies. 

</doc>
<doc id="19597170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597170" title="Scrash">
Scrash

Scrash were a three piece rock band from Stourbridge in the West Midlands, UK.
History.
They were active between 1991 & 1994, and performed music that was a fusion of indie, techno, metal and industrial. 
Scrash toured the UK extensively during that period playing many concerts alongside other well regarded luminaries of the then indie music scene such as Pop Will Eat Itself, Meat Beat Manifesto, Senser, Back To The Planet, Babylon Zoo, Giggolo Aunts, Scorpio Rising, Sidi Bou Said, Collapsed Lung, FMB, Fretblanket, Machine Gun Feedback and many others.
As well as being support on tour with Pop Will Eat Itself during January 1993, Scrash had also been the opening act during Pop Will Eat Itself's record breaking five night residency at the Marquee Club, London in April the previous year.
Scrash were described in the national and music press at that time as "... (they) effortlessly blend sonic walls of noise and samples of phlegm into finely crafted pop songs ... (they are) as glamorous as a donkey on Skegness Beach, but marginally less attractive", "One of the best live bands around this year", "New recruits to the Stourbridge Mafia", in reference to the then endless stream of top indie bands emanating from the small West Midlands town (such as Pop Will Eat Itself, The Wonderstuff, Neds Atomic Dustbin, Fretblanket), "The new Stourbridge Wunderkind"
Radio & Media.
In addition to their live work, Scrash came to national prominence in May 1992 when a previously unreleased demo version of their track "Funtime" won the "Soundclash" competition on GLR Radio (BBC 94.9)'s weekly Gary Crowley show. The song was then played numerous times on the show in the following weeks. Previous winners of the "Soundclash" competition include Suede and Sidi Bou Said. 
The video to "Funtime"(now also available on YouTube)was also aired on early evening Central TV during a focus on bands in the West Midlands.
Deals.
Scrash were signed to the Doofer You management company and to the XS Press press agency, as well as to the ITB concert agency. They were courted for 18 months by most of the UK major labels at that time and were offered two record deals during that period - one with independent record label Behemoth Records and one with German industrial label Dynamica (who also had the successful UK industrial band Cubanate on their books at that time). Scrash refused to sign both deals.
Scrash also produced a number of remixes for other artists during this period - most notably two remixes (the first in a techno style, the second in a sample heavy industrial style) for the London based indie band Boomslang's "Rage" single.

</doc>
<doc id="19597185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597185" title="John Bennett House">
John Bennett House

The John Bennett House was built in 1839 with an addition built in 1854, was built as part of a real estate development near the Third County Courthouse in Historic Richmondtown, Staten Island, New York. This Greek Revival style residence was home to shipping merchant John Bennett and his family from c.1848-1917. The building later served as a restaurant. A seasonal cafe and restaurant is located in the cellar bakery and is accessible from Richmond Road.

</doc>
<doc id="19597197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597197" title="Provodín">
Provodín

Provodín is a village in the Czech Republic near to Liberec. It is located in the Česká Lípa District.

</doc>
<doc id="19597217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597217" title="Rio Sul Center">
Rio Sul Center

The Rio Sul Center Tower, also known as Rio Sul Tower, is the third tallest building in Brazil and the tallest building in Rio de Janeiro at and 40 floors. It was completed in 1982.
The building was designed by Ulysses Burlamaqui in the Brutalist architectural style. The tower together with a 400 stores shopping mall, called "Riosul Shopping Center", form a commercial complex known as Rio Sul Center.

</doc>
<doc id="19597221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597221" title="Don Aitkin">
Don Aitkin

Don Aitkin is a writer, strategist, consultant and director who is the Chairman of Australia’s National Capital Authority. He served as Vice-Chancellor and President of the University of Canberra from 1991 to 2002, and as Vice-President of the Australian Vice-Chancellors Committee in 1994 and 1995. He played an influential role in the evolution of national policies for research and higher education from the mid-1980s, when he was the Chairman of the Australian Research Grants Committee, a member of the Australian Science and Technology Council and the Chairman of the Board of the Institute of Advanced Studies of the Australian National University. Appointed as the first Chairman of the Australian Research Council in 1988, he established the new body as a well-funded and comprehensive national research council of world class, trebling its funds during his term of office. He was made an Officer of the Order of Australia in 1998.
Biography.
Education.
He was educated first in History, receiving a Master of Arts with First Class Honours at the University of New England in 1961 (the first such degree to be awarded at that University), and moved to Political Science for his PhD (ANU, 1964). The winning of a traveling postdoctoral fellowship then took him to Oxford. He also worked at the Institute of Social Research at the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor before returning to Australia as a Research Fellow at the ANU. He was appointed the Foundation Professor of Politics at Macquarie University in 1971, and returned once more to the ANU in 1980 as Professor of Political Science in the Department in which he studied for his PhD.
Post-graduate career.
He has written or edited thirteen books, one of them a novel, another a family memoir and the remainder all focusing on one or other aspect of Australian history, politics and education. His recent "What Was It All For? The Reshaping of Australia", published in 2005, was widely discussed, and his books on the Country Party and on Australian political behaviour are now authoritative. He was elected a Fellow of the Academy of the Social Sciences in Australia in 1975, one of the youngest Fellows ever elected, a Fellow of the Australian College of Educators in 1995, and an Honorary Fellow of the Royal Australian Planning Institute in 2001. The University of Canberra awarded him the degree of Doctor of the University, honoris causa, in 2002 and made him a Professor Emeritus; the University of New England awarded him the degree of Doctor of Letters, honoris causa, in 2004. Don Aitkin played a leading role in the establishment of the Australian Consortium for Social and Political Research Inc., serving as its President from 1984 to 1986, and of the Asia-Pacific Political Science Association, serving as its Secretary-General from 1983 to 1986. He was the President of the Australasian Political Studies Association in 1979 and a long-running Treasurer (1981 to 1986).
Don Aitkin became well known in Australia in the 1970s, both as a widely read columnist in the now defunct "National Times" and as a television commentator. He is a columnist for "The Australian Financial Review", and served for a year as Contributing Editor of "Newsweek". In his youth a keen tennis and squash player (University Blue for Squash Racquets, 1964), he is now more interested in music and bushwalking. Born in 1937 in Sydney, he has spent more than half his life in Canberra, where he was a Councillor of the Canberra Business Council for nearly twelve years, and is an Honorary Ambassador for the ACT, the Chairman of the NRMA/ACT Road Safety Trust, the Chairman of the Cultural Facilities Corporation, the President of Pro Musica Inc, and a member of the Ministerial Tourism Advisory Council. He was a Director of ArtSound FM between 2004 and 2006. He was Chairman of the Canberra-based R&D company Agrecon for eleven years and acted as its CEO for a few months in 2002 and 2003. He was the Chairman of the Australian Mathematics Trust from 1992 to 2004 and of the National Olympiad Council (the body organising Australian involvement in the mathematical, physics, chemistry, biology and informatics Olympiads) from 1997 to 2004. At the request of the ACT Government he chaired the Schools Legislation Review in the ACT in 1999 and 2000. In the last decade he has become involved in research policy work in Canada, serving as the Chair of the Multi-Disciplinary Assessment Committee for the Canada Foundation for Innovation, and as a member both of the Blue Ribbon Panel of Canada’s Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council and a Canada Excellence Research Chairs committee.
Family.
He and his wife Beverley, who served as a clinical nurse consultant and has been in senior management roles at a Canberra hospital, have nine children between them, from previous marriages.

</doc>
<doc id="19597242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597242" title="Killarney House">
Killarney House

The site of Killarney House was chosen by Queen Victoria on her visit to Ireland in 1861. This house was the replacement for Kenmare House (1726) as the seat of the Earls of Kenmare.
The First Killarney House.
It was Valentine Browne, 4th Earl of Kenmare, who decided to build a new mansion on a hillside with spectacular views of Lough Leane in 1872. The old manor, Kenmare House, was demolished and an Elizabethan-Revival manor house on a more elevated site erected. The cost was well over £100,000. 
This house was supposed to have been instigated by Lady Kenmare (Gertrude Thynne, granddaughter of Thomas Thynne, 2nd Marquess of Bath) and inspired by Lord Bath's genuinely Elizabethan seat, Longleat, Wiltshire (which is not red-brick); but it was not unusual for the descendants of Elizabethan or Jacobean settlers in Ireland to assert their comparative antiquity in this period by building Jacobethan houses. The architect was George Devey but, according to Jeremy Williams, '... that feeling of being built up over the centuries that distinguished Devey's work was entirely lacking, partly due to the job being supervised by W.H. Lynn Belfast architect at his most relentless ... The western-most gate lodge, gabled and galleried, survives, is Devey at his most delightful.' 
The house, in addition to its other defects, apparently did not sit happily in the landscape as it had many gables and many oriels. The interior was pannelled and hung with Spanish leather. It was considered one of the finest mansions in Ireland. Sadly, it was burnt out twice - once in 1879, just after its completion, and again, and finally, in August 1913 and never re-built. Instead Valentine Browne, 5th Earl of Kenmare decided to convert the nearby stable block of the old Kenmare House for family use, also naming it "Kenmare House".
Knockreer House.
In 1956 Mrs. Beatrice Grosvenor CBE (1915-1985), niece of the seventh Gerald Ralph Desmond Browne, 7th Earl of Kenmare (1896–1952) and granddaughter of the Duke of Westminster, built Knockreer House on the site of the former "Killarney House". This house and the surrounding land, formerly part of the Kenmare Estate of the Earls of Kenmare, were later donated by her to form Killarney National Park.
The Second Killarney House.
Also in 1956 Mrs. Grosvenor sold the second "Kenmare House" together with to John McShain (1898-1989), an American building contractor. He and his wife Mary J. Horstmann (1907-1998) extensively renovated the building and renamed it "Killarney House". In 1978 Mr. McShain sold Killarney House and the greater part of the estate to the Irish State for a price well below market value at the time, having been assured that the house and estate would be incorporated into Killarney National Park. Mr. and Mrs. McShain reserved the house and surrounding 52 acres to their use for their lifetime. Mr. McShain died in 1989 and Mrs. McShain lived in the house until her death in 1998, when the house and surrounding land reverted to the Irish State. Having been empty for several years, the building fell into some disrepair. In July 2011 Leo Varadkar, the Irish Minister for Transport, Tourism and Sport, therefore announced a €7 million restoration of the manor.

</doc>
<doc id="19597279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597279" title="Leopold, Prince of Salerno">
Leopold, Prince of Salerno

"Leopoldo" Giovanni Giuseppe Michele of Bourbon-Two Sicilies, Prince of Salerno (2 July 1790, Naples, Kingdom of Naples – 10 March 1851, Naples, Kingdom of the Two Sicilies) was a member of the House of Bourbon-Two Sicilies and a Prince of Bourbon-Two Sicilies.
Biography.
Born Leopoldo of Naples and Sicily, he was the sixth son of Ferdinand IV of Naples and wife Maria Carolina of Austria, daughter of Maria Theresa of Austria.
Marriage and issue.
Leopold married his niece Archduchess Clementina of Austria, third surviving daughter of Francis II, Holy Roman Emperor (later Francis I of Austria) and his sister Maria Teresa of Naples and Sicily on 28 July 1816 at Schönbrunn Palace in Vienna. Leopold and Clementina had four children but only their daughter Princess Maria Carolina survived infancy. Prince Louis and two infants died within their first year.
Leopold also had an extramarital affair with the Viennese dancer Fanny Elssler, which led to the birth of an illegitimate son, Franz.

</doc>
<doc id="19597280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597280" title="Physics (disambiguation)">
Physics (disambiguation)

Physics is the science of all phenomena.
Physics may also refer to:
Other articles:

</doc>
<doc id="19597283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597283" title="Third County Courthouse">
Third County Courthouse

The Third County Courthouse is an 1837 Greek Revival building at 302 Center Street in Historic Richmond Town, near the center of Staten Island, New York. Preceded by two smaller courthouses, it was the Richmond County Courthouse during most of the nineteenth century and was in use until 1919, when it was replaced by the Richmond County Courthouse in St. George.

</doc>
<doc id="19597294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597294" title="Lemon Incest">
Lemon Incest

"Lemon Incest" is a song written, composed and performed by Serge Gainsbourg in duet with his daughter Charlotte Gainsbourg. Recorded in 1984, the song was released as a single from Gainsbourg's album "Love on the Beat" in 1985. It is also available on Charlotte's 1986 album "Charlotte for Ever". It was controversial because of its theme, but nevertheless successful, reaching number 2 in the French charts.
Lyrics, music and video.
The title is a play on words in French in the chorus between "Un zeste de citron" ("A lemon zest") and "Inceste de citron" ("lemon incest"). 
The music is based on Étude Op. 10, No. 3 in E major by Frédéric Chopin.
The verses sung by Charlotte "are quickly short of breath and lack to give a relief to the singing which is beautiful nevertheless". Gainsbourg sings with "a repetitive phrasing which takes some liberties with the melody". The background vocals are sung by The Simms Brothers Band.
The music video shows Gainsbourg, shirtless and in jeans, and Charlotte, wearing a shirt and panties, lying on a bed.
Controversy.
This song has caused a scandal as it was accused of glamorising pedophilia and incest. Charlotte, who then was twelve, sings ambiguous lyrics seeming to refer to a physical love between an adult and his child. In addition, the relationship between the two singers is the same as the protagonists of the song, which led to suspicions on the autobiographical nature of the work. Serge Gainsbourg denied these allegations in the media. In an interview in 2010 Charlotte defended her decision to record the track, though acknowledging it was a "provocation".
Chart performances.
The single went straight to #7 on October 26, 1985. It climbed to #6 for two weeks, then reached #2 and stayed there for four consecutive weeks, being unable to dislodge the successive two number-one hits Century's "Lover Why" and Jean-Jacques Goldman and Michael Jones' "Je te donne". Then it kept on dropping on the chart and totalled ten weeks in the top ten and 18 in the top 50.
To date, the song is the 630th best-selling single of all time in France.
Uses in media.
The track is also used in the 2009 film "Genova".

</doc>
<doc id="19597322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597322" title="Duke Maronic">
Duke Maronic

Dusan J. "Duke" Maronic (July 13, 1921 – July 1, 1996) was an American football offensive lineman who played eight seasons in the NFL, mainly for the Philadelphia Eagles. He didn't play college football.
Dusan J. "Duke" Maronic in 1965, was also an Assistant Coach in the Atlantic Coast Football League with the Harrisburg Capitols, and then took over the Head Coaching job in 1966 through 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="19597330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597330" title="Fritz Saxl">
Fritz Saxl

Friedrich "Fritz" Saxl (January 8, 1890, Vienna – March 22, 1948, Dulwich, London) was the art historian who was the guiding light of the Warburg Institute, especially during the long mental breakdown of its founder, Aby Warburg, whom he succeeded as director.
Saxl studied in his native Vienna under Franz Wickhoff, Julius von Schlosser and Max Dvořák, who oversaw his dissertation on Rembrandt. Then in Berlin he studied under Heinrich Wölfflin, and spent 1912-13 researching in Italy for his only major work, a study of medieval illuminated manuscripts with astrological and mythological elements, marrying Elise Bienenfeld in 1913. He served in the Austro-Hungarian army as a lieutenant on the Italian front for the duration of World War I. In 1913 he had joined what was then the Warburg Library in Hamburg as librarian, and he returned in 1919, also lecturing at the University of Hamburg from 1923. On Warburg's death in 1929 Saxl formally became director, although he had effectively been in charge for several years already. With the Nazi regime in power, Saxl was instrumental in moving the Warburg Institute to safety in London in 1933, coming with it himself and settling in England, becoming a British citizen in 1940. His efforts at maintaining the Warburg Institute came at the cost of his own scholarly output, which was mostly restricted to papers and lectures.

</doc>
<doc id="19597345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597345" title="Church of the Nativity of The Most Holy Theotokos, Novaci">
Church of the Nativity of The Most Holy Theotokos, Novaci

Church of Nativity of The Most Holy Theotokos () is a Serbian Orthodox church in the village of Novaci, Serbia. It was built in 1857 and is dedicated to the Nativity of The Most Holy Theotokos (Virgin Mary).
Feast day.
The feast day of the church and the whole village of Novaci is the day of the nativity of the Virgin Mary, September 21 (Gregorian calendar) or September 8 (Julian calendar). That holiday is named "Mala Gospojina" ("Little Day of Our Lady"). 
Frescos.
The church was painted in 1937 by the famous Russian painter Andrej Bicenko. Bicenko had escaped from Russia after the October Revolution, and lived in Serbia from 1920 to 1951,during which time he painted many frescos. A particularly interesting fresco in this church is "Lord of Sabbath", which shows Jesus and his disciples walking through grain fields on the Sabbath day. 

</doc>
<doc id="19597349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597349" title="Billy Taylor (third baseman)">
Billy Taylor (third baseman)

William H. Taylor was a Major League Baseball player for the Louisville Colonels in . He played in nine games, mostly at third base, going 6-for-24 with 2 RBI.

</doc>
<doc id="19597351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597351" title="Wilson the Wonder Athlete">
Wilson the Wonder Athlete

Wilson the Wonder Athlete or William Wilson is a fictional character whose adventures were initially published in the British illustrated story paper "The Wizard" published by D. C. Thomson & Co.
Publication history.
The character first appeared in issue 1029 "Wizard" (24 July 1943) in a story titled "The Truth About Wilson". The first adventure introduced Wilson as a supreme athlete, who joins a race from out of the crowd and manages to record a three-minute mile. The character's adventures were written by Gilbert Lawford Dalton using the pen name W S K Webb, and a book, "The Truth About Wilson" collected a number of the text stories in the 1960s. Thought by Paul Gravett to be the prototype of the "astonishing sporting prodigies" who became popular in British comics, (cf. Alf Tupper, Roy of the Rovers), Gravett describes him as an "unassuming totally dedicated loner, no glory or publicity". Although his stories were initially told in prose, a move to the comic papers "The Hornet" and "Hotspur" saw the character depicted in comic strip form. The character was later revived for D.C. Thomson's "Spike" comic of 1984 to 1985, initially within a comic strip with art by Neville Wilson. Referred to as The Man in Black, the character was revealed to be Wilson in the course of the story, with reprints of the older material published within the comic as Wilson's diaries.
Fictional character biography.
William Wilson was born in the village of Stayling in Yorkshire and claimed to be born on 1 November 1795. However a document dated 11 March 1774 listed him as "clerk to the manor". He was sufficiently old that when writing, he used an "f" instead of an "s". His farmer father died in middle age, leaving Wilson £5,000. He studied medicine and biology in a number of countries around the world and determined not to die early as so many he knew had, he worked out a health and fitness regime and learned how to slow his heart right down, using a formula created by people who could live to over 200. He developed his will power and hardened his body by whole winters spent in the open. Squadron leader W. Wilson D.S.O., D.F.C. and bar, who had 25 victories to his name, was shot down during the Second World War and was officially listed as missing. 
The character is depicted within stories as performing a number of improbable events. Wilson was seen in one strip becoming the first man to climb Everest, and another saw him captaining an England cricket team to The Ashes in Australia. Depicted as being born in 1795, he is given the secret of eternal life by a hermit. Originally hailing from Yorkshire, and living in a cave on a diet of nuts and berries, Wilson exemplified British grit and the stiff upper lip. According to "The Guardian" he "was hailed as a welcome wartime morale booster", while "The Telegraph" remembers him as a "focused and intense individual ... no recorded instance of him smiling or cracking a joke." In 2004 artist John Reynolds acquired the licence to reproduce images of Wilson as large screen-print canvases. Former "Guinness Book of Records" deputy editor and athletics statistician, Ian Smith, cites the character as an inspiration, and he inspired many British athletes in their careers as well as Belgian cyclist Eddy Merckx. The character is still used in newspaper reports on sport as a cultural reference point.
Further reading.
www.theamazingwilson.com==External links==

</doc>
<doc id="19597387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597387" title="Arlecdon railway station">
Arlecdon railway station

Arlecdon railway station was a station which served the village of Arlecdon in the former English county of Cumberland, now part of Cumbria. It was served by trains on the line between Workington and Cleator Moor.
History.
Opened by the Cleator and Workington Junction Railway it became part of the London Midland and Scottish Railway during the Grouping of 1923, only to close in 1927.
The site today.
Earthworks still remain at this meeting point of two formerly busy industrial railways.[http://www.visitcumbria.com/wc/cleatormoor-railway.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="19597401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597401" title="Physicalization">
Physicalization

Physicalization, the opposite of virtualization, is a way to place multiple physical machines in a rack unit.
It can be a way to reduce hardware costs, since in some cases, server processors cost more per core than energy efficient laptop processors, which may make up for added cost of board level integration. While Moore's law makes increasing integration less expensive, some jobs require lots of I/O bandwidth, which may be less expensive to provide using many fewer integrated processors.
Applications and services that are I/O bound are likely to benefit from such physicalized environments. This ensures that each operating system instance is running on a processor that has its own network interface card, host bus and I/O sub-system unlike in the case of a multi-core servers where a single I/O sub-system is shared between all the cores / VMs.

</doc>
<doc id="19597417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597417" title="Chadwell, Shropshire">
Chadwell, Shropshire

Chadwell is a hamlet in the county of Shropshire, England. It lies 1/2 mile west of the village of Great Chatwell over the Staffordshire border and comprises a number of red brick buildings including a converted water mill. The name derives either from the Old English for 'the cold spring' or from St. Chad's well, which can be found in the hamlet.
St. Chad's Well.
St. Chad's well is located at the end of the mill pond, furthest from the mill buildings (). The spring itself appears to originate in the small, clear pond on the other side of the road and the water reaches the mill pond by three entries; two of these are natural (or old) and one, with the greatest flow, was constructed recently. They can be found on either side of a small wooden bridge.
Hope describes the well as being 'approached by old stone steps' and comments that 'the water ... is of very good quality and highly thought of for tea-making'; Raven refers to a 'circular, stone walled structure'. The remains of a sandstone construction are visible near the entries but are much disturbed.
According to tradition the well was consecrated by St. Chad.

</doc>
<doc id="19597435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597435" title="Tim Rogerson">
Tim Rogerson

Tim Rogerson is an American painter of Disney Fine Art who was an official artist of the 2006 Winter Olympic Games in Turin, Italy.
Biography.
Born in Kissimmee, Florida, Tim grew up very close to Walt Disney World. In fact, his father worked there as Show Director (the position responsible for managing and maintaining all of the live performances in the park) until the family moved to North Carolina.
Eventually, however, Tim was able to move back to Florida and attended the Ringling School of Art and Design in Sarasota, where he majored in illustration. When asked about his time at art school, Tim says:
I was a very traditional art student and explored all works; from the old masters to modern art. My influences include Degas and John Singer Sargent...their work has allowed me to push the envelope with my own abstraction of life. 
While studying at Ringling, Rogerson was awarded the 2003 Best Painter Award and in 2003 and 2004, he was awarded the Best of Ringling Award.
Rogerson's latest honor was awarded to him by the 2006 Winter Olympic Committee when they made him one of only a handful of Official Olympic Artists. When asked about the painting, "US Olympic Winter Team 2006," he says,
I wanted my painting for the Olympics to be an ode to the men and women who are competing; from the graceful glide of the ice skater to the speed of the bobsled to the determination of the downhill skier.
Tim now spends most of his time creating works of Disney Fine Art. The pieces he creates are a balanced mixture of Tim's varied style and the timeless Characters of Disney.
Style.
At the heart of Tim Rogerson's style his compulsion to reinvent it:
My work will always evolve, becoming more complex and detailed...I want my paintings to celebrate life and stay fresh...I try to stay away from the basic routine and technique because my joy for painting comes from the challenge of creating something entirely new.

</doc>
<doc id="19597444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597444" title="Boughton Hall">
Boughton Hall

Boughton Hall is a former country house in Boughton, to the east of the city of Chester, Cheshire, England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
History.
The original house on the site is thought to have been built before 1579. This house was destroyed by fire in 1643 during the Civil War. The house was then rebuilt with an E-shaped plan. The area to the left of the entrance porch was filled in about 1800. More alterations were made in the 18th century, a wing was added in the 19th century, and further alterations were made during the 20th century. It has been used as a children's home, and later as an office for Barnardo's. As of 2011 it is the focal point of a retirement village.
Architecture.
Boughton Hall is constructed in brick with stone dressings, and has grey slate roofs. It is in two storeys, with a 19th-century wing to the left. The plan of the main part of the hall is E-shaped, with some infilling, plus an additional wing to the left. Its architectural style is Georgian. Three semicircular steps lead up to the central porch. The windows are sashes. The interior contains a fireplace carrying the date 1655, which is surrounded with tiles depicting biblical scenes.

</doc>
<doc id="19597468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597468" title="Bethmann Bank">
Bethmann Bank

Delbrück Bethmann Maffei AG is a private bank headquartered in Frankfurt am Main. It's a subsidiary of the Dutch bank ABN AMRO and was created in 2004 from a merger of the banks "Bankhaus Delbrück & Co" and "Bethmann-Maffei". Its main activities are investment management, financial advise and private financial planning.
Founding.
The establishment of the Bethmann bank in Frankfurt am Main is dated to 1748, the year when Johann Philipp Bethmann (1715-1793), who had inherited the trading enterprise of his uncle "Jakob Adami" in 1746, officially took his brother Simon Moritz as a partner. From that point the enterprise was called Gebrüder Bethmann.
Within a short span of time, the Bethmann bank developed into one of Frankfurt's leading (Christian-owned) banks, on a scale comparable only to its younger rival, the House of Rothschild. The bank's fortunes began to rise in 1754 based on its business in imperial, princely and municipal bonds and skyrocketed from 1778, thanks to the bank's innovation of breaking the Austrian emperor's borrowing down into "sub-bonds" ("Partialobligationen") at 1000 gulden each offered to the public, which made them tradeable in secondary markets. This transformed the bank from a lender to an underwriter of bond issues. At one point, the profits of "Gebrüder Bethmann" exceeded those of all its Frankfurt competitors together, and it ranked first among all German banks.

</doc>
<doc id="19597474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597474" title="FK Kozara Banatsko Veliko Selo">
FK Kozara Banatsko Veliko Selo

FK Kozara is a Serbian football club based in Banatsko Veliko Selo, Kikinda, Serbia. 
Current squad.
"For current season 2008/09.

</doc>
<doc id="19597500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597500" title="Raymond Morris (cricketer)">
Raymond Morris (cricketer)

Raymond Morris (born 1929) is a former cricketer who played two first-class matches as a wicketkeeper for Worcestershire in 1958.
Seven of his eight catches came on debut against Derbyshire at Kidderminster. In the same match, he was the second wicket in a hat-trick by the Derbyshire fast bowler Les Jackson in which all three wickets were catches by wicketkeeper George Dawkes.

</doc>
<doc id="19597508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597508" title="Tom Nash (American football)">
Tom Nash (American football)

Thomas Acton Nash (November 21, 1905 – August 24, 1972) was an American football player. He played most of his seven-year career with the Green Bay Packers. Nash played college football for the Georgia Bulldogs. He was born in Lincoln County, Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="19597544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597544" title="Hugo Sánchez (disambiguation)">
Hugo Sánchez (disambiguation)

Hugo Sánchez may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19597549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597549" title="Grade I listed buildings in the East Riding of Yorkshire">
Grade I listed buildings in the East Riding of Yorkshire

There are over 9,300 Grade I listed buildings in England. This page is a list of the 109 of these buildings in the ceremonial county of the East Riding of Yorkshire.

</doc>
<doc id="19597555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597555" title="Hippolyte Montillie">
Hippolyte Montillie

Hippolyte Montillie was a late 19th and early 20th century deaf French sculptor.
Montillie was born in Moulin, France, and earned a degree from the Pereire School for the Deaf in Paris, remaining active thereafter in Paris. His most important works are a set of decorative figures on the Pont Alexandre III, and a bronze statue entitled "L'Honneur dominant la Discords" on the cornice of the Grand Palais.
He moved to the United States around 1900, where he worked in the studio of Karl Bilter, producing sculptures and decorative works for the Pan-American and South Carolina Expositions of 1901, and the Louisiana Purchase Exposition of 1904.

</doc>
<doc id="19597605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597605" title="Hoppner">
Hoppner

Hoppner may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19597613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597613" title="Catholic Daughters of the Americas">
Catholic Daughters of the Americas

Catholic Daughters of the Americas was founded in 1903, is one of the largest women's organizations in the Americas. Founded in Utica, New York, it has its headquarters in New York City. 
Purpose.
CDA Mission Statement:
"The purposes of the organization are to participate in the religious, charitable and educational Apostolates of the Church. Catholic Daughters of the Americas engages in creative and spiritual programs which provide its members with the opportunity to develop their God-given talents in meaningful ways that positively influence the welfare of the Church and all people throughout the world. Catholic Daughters of the Americas strives to embrace the principle of faith working through love in the promotion of justice, equality and the advancement of human rights and human dignity for all".
Catholic Daughters of the Americas provides its members with updated programs to serve the current needs of church and country.The programs cover a vast scope of activities beginning at the parish level and expanding into all concerns of today's church and society. The Daughters have Mary as their patron. They try to exemplify themselves through Christian living.
History.
The Catholic Daughters of the Americas were originally founded by members of the Utica, New York branch of the Knights of Columbus and intended to operate as the organizations female auxiliary. When the first set of officers were elected on June 18, 1903, most of the leadership was male, including Supreme Regent John Carberry. The National Secretary, National Treasurer and three of the six members of the Board of Directors were also men. Supreme Vice-Regent Mary McKernan was the highest ranking woman and she became the groups first female Supreme Regent after the death of Carberry in August 1906.
Originally, the National Order of the Daughters of Isabella, the organization was very active during World War I, volunteering as nurses and clerks, hosting parties for servicemen, conducting sewing and knitting classes for the Red Cross, donating clothing for the needy and working with the blind. In 1921 the name was changed to the Catholic Daughters of the Americas and in 1925 the Knights of Columbus severed ties with the organization. Under the direction of Mary Duffy from 1923 to 1950 the group expanded vigorously, reaching 170,000 members in 1928. During World War II the Daughters were again active with 8,314 members serving in the Red Cross, over 72,000 completing the Red Cross courses, 7,468 members gave blood donations and 50,000 members sewed and knitted a million articles of clothing. The national organization and the courts combined purchased $5.13 million worth of war bonds and sold $3 million more.
The CDA bought their first national headquarters from the Knights of Columbus, Utica Council #185 in Utica, New York borrowing 10,000 at 5 per cent interest to finance the purchase. In 1926 the headquarters was moved to its current location at 10 West 71 Street in New York City.
Organization.
The CDA's local groups are called "Courts". In 1979 there were 1,579 Courts in 38 US states, Mexico, the Dominican Republic, Guam and the Virgin Islands. When there are five local Courts in a given state, a "State Court" is organized. The National Court is the governing body of the Order when assembled in its biennial convention. Between meeting of the National Court, the Order is run by the National Board, which includes five National Officers along with the Nine National Directors. This group meets semiannually, at a place and time determined by the National Regent.
Membership.
The Order is open to any Catholic woman over 18. As stated, the Order reached 170,000 members in 1928. Membership reached 215,000 in the late 1960s, but declined to 174,103 by 1979. In the late 1980s it was down to 170,000 and stood at 160,000 in 1994 In 2012 there were 75,000 members in some 1,250 courts (local chapters) in 45 states across the country, and in Puerto Rico, Mexico, Guam, and the Virgin Islands.
Junior Catholic Daughters of the Americas.
This youth auxiliary was founded in 1925. its membership is divided into three age levels, Juniorettes (6-10), Juniors (11-14) and Teens (15-18). In 1979 there were approximately 250 local units with 5,000 members.
Causes.
The Daughters have historically been interested in helping physically and mentally handicapped children. They have also been known for their opposition to abortion and pornography.
They are involved in, and contribute financially to, such projects as Habitat for Humanity and the children's charity Smile Train as well as raise funds to support elderly religious through Soar! 

</doc>
<doc id="19597619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597619" title="EnServe">
EnServe

EnServe Group Limited (formerly Spice Limited) is a support services company headquartered in Macclesfield, United Kingdom which provides infrastructure services to the utility sector. Formerly listed on the London Stock Exchange and a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index, it has been wholly owned by the private equity company Cinven since 2010.
History.
The Company was founded by Simon Rigby in 1996 as a management buy out from Yorkshire Electricity initially trading as "Freedom Maintenance". It was first listed on the Alternative Investment Market in 2004. In 2006 it bought "Inenco" and "ParGas" and "Apollo Heating", in 2007 it purchased "Gas Heating UK" and in 2008 it acquired "Saturn Energy", "Energy 2000", "British Power International" and the "National Industrial Fuel Efficiency Service". The Company transferred to the main list of the London Stock Exchange in 2008. Acquisition of British Power International also took place in 2008. Spice plc was unlisted in December 2010 after a buyout by European investment group Cinven and renamed as Spice ltd. In September 2011 Spice Limited was renamed EnServe Group Limited.
Operations.
The Company has the following divisions:

</doc>
<doc id="19597624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597624" title="Spice Chess">
Spice Chess

Spice Chess is an artist's multiple by the Japanese artist Takako Saito, whilst she was resident in the United States. Originally manufactured winter 1964-65, and offered for sale March 1965, the work is one of a famous series of disrupted chess sets referred to as "Fluxchess" or "Flux Chess", made for George Maciunas' Fluxshop at his Canal Street loft, SoHo, New York and later through his Fluxus Mail-Order Warehouse. 
"Takako Saito engaged with Duchamp's practice but also with masculinist cold war metaphors by taking up chess as a subject of art. Saito's fluxchess works... question the primacy of vision to chess, along with notions of perception and in aesthetic experience more generally... Her "Smell Chess," "Sound Chess" and "Weight Chess" reworked the game of chess so that players would be forced to hone non-visual perception, such as the olfactory sense, tactility, and aurality, in order to follow chess rules." Claudia Mesch
The set follows the normal rules of chess, but replaces the traditional pieces with identically-shaped transparent plastic vials filled with different spices for each of the different pieces. The set includes white pawns made of Cinnamon, white rooks of Nutmeg, the white knights are Ginger, black bishops, Cumin and the Black King made of Asafoetida. The white Queen is Anise, the black Cayenne pepper. The board is also made of transparent plastic. To start the game, both players have to familiarise themselves with each of the 12 smells involved, instead of the more normal reliance on sight.
Ay-O and George Maciunas.
As a 'basically untrained' artist in Tokyo, Saito's opportunities to exhibit work were severely limited. After taking English lessons, Saito arrived in New York in 1963 on a work visa as an assistant textile wholesaler, 'vaguely of engaging herself in the unknown New York avant-garde'. Unaware of Fluxus, she concentrated on her own work for a few months before meeting George Maciunas through a mutual friend, Ay-O. An admirer of Japanese art, Maciunas asked Saito if she could make boxes similar to the Paulownia boxes he owned, which had been made to protect expensive ceramics. Her skill exceeded expectations, leading him to write that 'her craftmanship springs from Japanese tradition for perfection and is unmatched among contemporary artists working in wood and paper.' 
"Fluxchess".
Maciunas revered Marcel Duchamp, and 'found it amusing that both Duchamp and he were chess fanatics.' As a homage to Duchamp's assertion that 'all chess players are artists', Maciunas asked Saito to create a series of artworks based on chess in late 1964. The series she created relegated or removed the dominant visual aspect of the game, replacing it with sets that relied upon the honing of other senses to play. 
'In Saito's chess, strategy is undermined by the physical need to utilize the five senses...by involving senses that were normally unrelated to the traditional game, Saito transformed the ultimate conceptual game into a play of sensuous interactions.' 
As well as "Spice Chess", the series includes "Sound Chess" (different objects hidden in identical sealed boxes), "Grinder Chess" (a series of tactile drill bit polishers), "Weight Chess" (different weights hidden in sealed boxes), "Nut & Bolt Chess" (the only known example having been lost ), "Jewel Chess", (made from different fake jewels) and "Smell Chess" (different liquids in vials). All of these sets were advertised for sale in Maciunas' Fluxus shop in SoHo, March 1965.
"When I gave all the chess sets to George, I said, 'he can use them as fluxus chess without mentioning my name." Takako Saito 
Maciunas was said to be so delighted by "Spice Chess" that he 'even took credit for it on occasion.' 
Later "Fluxchess" sets and Yoko Ono's "White Chess Set".
Other "Fluxchess" sets were made by Maciunas ("Color Balls in Bottle Board Chess", March 1966 and "Time Chess" made of sand timers, May 1966) and by Yoko Ono, ("Pieces Hidden In Look-a-Like Containers" intended for the Fluxfest April 1970 Saito added "Chess Board Door" to the series in 1973, in which a chess board was to be attached to a toilet door allowing for a game to continue whilst one of the players was on the loo, and "Liquor Chess", 1975 (see [http://cms.ifa.de/en/exhibitions/exhibitions-abroad/bk/fluxus/ausgewaehlte-werke/takako-saito/]) in which players have to taste various different drinks to ascertain each piece's value. "Wine Chess" and "Book Chess" have been added to the series since Maciunas' death.
The most famous of these disrupted sets, Yoko Ono's "White Chess Set" (see Yoko Ono's Myspace), in which all the pieces are white on a totally white board (with a brass plaque underneath reading 'Chess Set for playing as long as you can remember where all your pieces are' ) was originally made for Ono's exhibition at Indica Gallery, London, 1966, and was never produced as a Fluxus edition.
"Yoko Ono's "White Chess Set", in which the opponents' pieces, all white, sit on each side of an all-white board, the warring factions indistinguishable from one another. This elegantly placed anti-war statement, particularly taken in the context of the Vietnam War...[draws attention to the deeply militaristic metaphors embedded in... games by conscientiously objecting to their implicit narratives of combat and enmity."
The piece has been reconfigured a number of times, including an edition of 20 produced by Bag Productions, UK, 1970, and as "Play It By Trust", a white table with ten sets and twenty white chairs laid out at the Vrej Baghoomian Gallery, New York, 1991.
Editions.
The sets were originally sold through Maciunas' newly opened Fluxshop in unsigned, unattributed and unnumbered editions. At least one set, "Grinder Chess", was remade in an edition of 19 signed and numbered in 1990 as part of the "Reflux" editions series.
Before Hendrick's seminal "Fluxus Codex" was published in 1989, there was a general confusion concerning dates and authorship of the key Fluxus pieces, since few were ever sold, and even fewer were signed or dated. Despite still not being mentioned on Fluxus Debris, An original example of "Spice Chess" is one of a number of "Fluxchess" sets held in the Gilbert and Lila Silverman Fluxus Collection, Detroit, Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="19597631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597631" title="Yevgeni Kuznetsov">
Yevgeni Kuznetsov

Yevgeni Kuznetsov may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19597646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597646" title="La corda d'acciaio">
La corda d'acciaio

"La corda d'acciaio" ("The line of steel") is a 1953 film directed by Carlo Borghesio and starring Brigitte Fossey and Virna Lisi.

</doc>
<doc id="19597647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597647" title="Auburn Softball Complex">
Auburn Softball Complex

The Auburn Softball Complex is a softball complex in Auburn, Alabama. The facility is the home field of the Auburn High School Tigers softball program, and served as the home field of the Auburn University Tigers softball team in 1997 and 1998. The five–field complex has been rated one of the premier complexes in the United States by "USA Softball" magazine and has hosted 18 Amateur Softball Association (ASA) national championship tournaments and 11 Independent Softball Association (ISA) national championships. In 1999, the facility was named the ISA National Complex of the Year. 
The Auburn Softball Complex, built in 1993, consists of five regulation softball fields with 300–foot fences, bermuda grass outfields, skinned infields, and hollywood bases. The complex features a three–story press box and control building and covered dugouts. The facility seats 1,200 spectators and has parking for 750. 
The Auburn Softball Complex has been named the Alabama ASA Complex of the Year four times, in 1999, 2001, 2005, and 2006, and was inducted into the Alabama Amateur Softball Association Hall of Fame in 2007. The Auburn Softball Complex is managed by Robby Carter. 

</doc>
<doc id="19597655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597655" title="Gustavo Tormena">
Gustavo Tormena

Gustavo Tormena (born 21 July 1990 in Brusque ) is a Brazilian football player who currently plays for Brusque Futebol Clube.
Career.
He signed a 3-year contract in July 2008 for Juventude, where with he in 2007 the prestige tournament Copa Santiago de Futebol Juvenil was won. After three years with Esporte Clube Juventude left in summer 2008 his team and signed for K.F.C. Germinal Beerschot. After only 9 matches in the first half of the 2008/2009 season for K.F.C. Germinal Beerschot announded his return to Brazil who signed for Brusque Futebol Clube.
Personal life.
The central defender and is the brother from Ederson Tormena.

</doc>
<doc id="19597678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597678" title="Grade I listed buildings in Merseyside">
Grade I listed buildings in Merseyside

There are over 6000 Grade I listed buildings in England. This page is a list of these buildings in the county of Merseyside.
References.
English Heritage Images of England

</doc>
<doc id="19597727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597727" title="Paul McCue">
Paul McCue

Paul McCue (born 15th April 1958) is a British military historian, writer and author.
Born in Wombwell, near Barnsley in South Yorkshire, and educated at: Wath Grammar School, Yorkshire; The County Grammar School, Godalming, Surrey; and the University of Birmingham (School of International Studies).
Presently works as an Assistant Director in the Local Government Service in London.
Published works.
See Paul McCue Books

</doc>
<doc id="19597757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597757" title="Whispers of the Dead">
Whispers of the Dead

Whispers of the Dead is the third novel in the Dr David Hunter series, created by Simon Beckett. It was published in January 2009.
"Recuperating from a near-fatal attack, forensic anthropologist David Hunter has returned to the renowned research facility where he first trained - the Body Farm in Knoxville, Tennessee. Still bearing physical and emotional scars, he hopes the trip will hone his old skills and restore his shattered confidence.
So when his former mentor invites him to assist on a murder investigation, he agrees. After all, he's simply there as an observer - what could possibly go wrong?
But even Hunter is unprepared by the gruesome nature of the killing. The victim has been bound and tortured, and the body has decomposed beyond recognition - far more so than it should have. Fingerprints at the scene appear to identify the killer; however Hunter is convinced that nothing is quite as it seems.
Then a second body is found, and suddenly the team are plunged into a nightmare of deception and misdirection, in pursuit of a macabre serial killer whose forensic knowledge seems disturbingly familiar. As the death toll rises and Hunter finds he has enemies even within the investigation, he begins to fear that they might be on the trail of a maniac who simply cannot be stopped...
Whispers of the Dead is published as a Bantam Press hardback on January 29th, 2009." "As Found On http://www.simonbeckett.com February 2011"

</doc>
<doc id="19597768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597768" title="George R. Shannon">
George R. Shannon

George Ross Shannon (December 14, 1818 – 1891) was a member of the Texas Senate. He was born in Lexington, Kentucky, the son of George Shannon of the Lewis and Clark Expedition. Shannon along with his brother, William, and sister, Sophie, settled in Johnson County in the 1850s. He became chief justice of the county and was elected to the Texas Senate in 1870. Shannon later moved to Fowler, California where he died in 1891.

</doc>
<doc id="19597775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597775" title="Meng Fei">
Meng Fei

Meng Fei may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19597783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597783" title="HAFB">
HAFB

HAFB may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19597793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597793" title="Yevgeni Kuznetsov (footballer born 1983)">
Yevgeni Kuznetsov (footballer born 1983)

Yevgeni Nikolayevich Kuznetsov () (born December 2, 1983) is a Russian footballer. He plays for FC Zenit Penza.

</doc>
<doc id="19597796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597796" title="LeBrón Brothers">
LeBrón Brothers

The LeBrón Brothers are a musical family born in Puerto Rico and raised in Brooklyn, New York.
The brothers are Pablo, Jose, Angel, Carlos and Frankie. They provide the vocals and rhythm section of the band. 
Members of the original band were Gabe Gil - alto sax, Tito Ocasio - Timbales, Hector LeBron - Congas, Eddie DeCupe - Trumpet, Elliot Rivera, vocals, Felix Rivera, trumpet. Frankie LeBron later replaced Frankie Rodriguez who replaced his cousin Hector LeBron on congas.
The brothers were born in Aguadilla, Puerto Rico to Francisco LeBron Feliciano, who was born in Lares, P.R. and Julia LeBron Rosa Sosa, born in Aguada, P.R. but were raised in Brooklyn, New York.
They grew up in a musical environment. The eldest, Pablo, was part of a trio that went by the name of "Las Tres Monedas."
Their sister Maria sang on radio shows in Puerto Rico before the family relocated to the U.S.A.
The younger brothers formed their own rhythm and blues band at early ages. They performed in talent shows in Brooklyn.
In 1966, they heard something that interested them over the radio. It was the "Boogaloo". The boogaloo was a mix of Latin rhythms with English lyrics. They were especially influenced by "The Joe Cuba Sextette" - a song called, "To Be With You" in particular.
Jose gave up playing guitar and began playing piano. Angel went from Bass guitar to an upright bass {baby bass}. Carlos went from guitar to bongos and cowbell.
Early in 1967, Jose called Cotique Records, spoke to George Goldner and asked for an audition. The audition was set for the following week. George was impressed with their audition, but there was one problem — they had no original songs.
George Goldner said he would return in one week and asked them to have some original songs ready that he could listen to. The brothers got together to see what could be done. Even though Jose had never composed a song before, he was elected to do the writing. In that one week, he managed to write eight songs. Pablo was asked by his brothers to do one song with them, and he decided to leave his own band {La Sonora Arecibena} and join his brothers. They recorded one week later. The LeBron Brothers' first album, "Psychedelic Goes Latin," was a huge success, and the band would end up recording 16 albums for the Cotique label.
The LeBron Brothers brought their own style to the Latin genre, one that blended Motown soul and Latin rhythms. Their coros was more like soul group backgrounds
In 1970, Jose LeBron composed '"SALSA Y CONTROL," a song that is credited with helping to give a broad category of Latin music the name "salsa." Up until then the mambo, son montuno, guaracha, guaguanco, cha cha cha etc. had no genre. "SALSA Y CONTROL" helped give this music the name that is now known and acknowledged worldwide. While this may sound good for salsa, it is not completely correct, the first group to use the name salsa was Cheo Marquetti y los salseros, a Cuban group in the late 50's but the term salsa was mainly adopted to represent a new combination of sounds and instruments in the late 60's..largely in connection with Fania and where a TERM was needed to be able to market the new sounds.
Many have tried to take credit for giving salsa its name, but those who follow this music in ernest know that 
Jose LeBron and the LeBron Brothers, with the song ¨SALSA Y CONTROL,¨ played an important role.
In 1982, Pablo Lebron suffered a stroke and was wheelchair-bound afterwards. On July 13, 2010, Pablo Lebron died.
The LeBron Brothers are as active as ever. They tour the world and in recent years have recorded number one songs such as 
SI ME PERMITE, CULEBRA, NO ME CELES, and COMPLICADOS.
The LeBron Brothers won the 2012 award for best INTERNATIONAL SALSA BAND in Cali, Colombia .

</doc>
<doc id="19597821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597821" title="Ardessie">
Ardessie

Ardessie (Gaelic: ) is a small hamlet on the south western shore of Little Loch Broom 2 miles northwest of Dundonnell, in Garve, Ross-shire, in the Highland region and is in within the Scottish council area of Highland. Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="19597827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597827" title="Leonard Blunt">
Leonard Blunt

Leonard Blunt (21 March 1929 – July 2005) was a cricketer who played first-class cricket for Worcestershire and the Europeans in the 1940s. He also stood on one occasion as a first-class umpire.
Blunt made his first-class debut on Boxing Day 1942, turning out for Europeans against Indians in the Madras Presidency Match; he took four wickets and made a duck in his only innings.
After the end of the Second World War, Blunt played 14 first-class games for Worcestershire between 1946 and 1948, and he made a good start to his county cricket career by taking seven wickets (including his career best of 5-60) against Hampshire at Southampton on debut.
However, he could not keep up this form, and after 1946 he appeared but rarely.
Although he was not seen in the first-class game after 1948, Blunt continued to play for Worcestershire's Second XI for another year, and in the early 1950s produced some impressive performances in minor counties cricket for Cheshire. He took 8-20 against Yorkshire's Second XI in late May 1951,
and had a remarkable run against Northumberland in July of the following year: in three consecutive innings, spread over two games, Blunt claimed 5-49, 6-49 and 6-46.
After the end of his Worcestershire career, Blunt had a single outing as a first-class umpire, standing in a match between Worcestershire and the Combined Services in 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="19597842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597842" title="The Secret Policeman's Ball 2008">
The Secret Policeman's Ball 2008

The Secret Policeman's Ball 2008 was the fourth show in the "Secret Policeman's Balls" series of benefit shows for Amnesty International.
In July 2008, Amnesty announced that it would present another show in its long-running series Like its immediate predecessor, "The Secret Policeman's Ball 2006" the show was a single-night live event at London's Royal Albert Hall. It took place on Saturday 4 October 2008.
In common with other Amnesty benefit shows in recent years, the majority of the performers were British (or UK-based) and well-known primarily just in Great Britain. (There was one Canadian comedian Russell Peters - who appeared via a pre-recorded video-tape.)
Performers who were listed to perform were:
The 3-hour event was video-taped and a 95-minute television special adapted from the show was broadcast the following day (Sunday 5 October 2008) on Britain's Channel Four. There was also a "cinecast" in which the Royal Albert Hall event was shown live in 35 cinemas in major British cities. It was also available live in 4 cinemas in Australia. The "cinecast" was available in cinemas in six of Canada's thirteen provinces and territories. The Cineplex cinema chain made the film available on 50 of its 1,317 screens. Unfortunately for Canadian audiences, Amnesty and Cineplex did not make any public announcement in Canada about the Canadian "cinecast" until Wednesday October 1 2008 - just three days before the screenings and thus not allowing sufficient time for the event to be effectively promoted in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="19597849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597849" title="James Hawkins-Whitshed">
James Hawkins-Whitshed

Admiral of the Fleet Sir James Hawkins-Whitshed, 1st Baronet GCB (1762 – 28 October 1849) was a flag officer in the British Royal Navy who served in the American, French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars.
Biography.
Early life.
He was born James Hawkins in Raphoe, County Donegal, the third son of James Hawkins, the Church of Ireland's Bishop of Raphoe, and his wife Catherine Keene Hawkins. His name was carried on the muster roll of the sloop on the Irish Station in 1773, and on that of the , the guard ship at Plymouth, the next year.
American War.
The first ship in which Hawkins actually served at sea was the 20-gun sixth-rate , commanded by Captain William Bennett, whom he accompanied to Newfoundland in 1775. He afterwards served under Sampson Edwards in the schooner "Canada", and after the loss of that vessel, returned to England with Admiral Robert Duff in the .
He was then assigned to the frigate , under Captain Charles Fielding. In May 1776, "Diamond" escorted a convoy carrying a large detachment of British and foreign troops to America. In 1778, Hawkins served for a time as a lieutenant in the , under Captain Sir George Collier, and after being confirmed in his rank by Lord Howe on 4 September 1778, he returned to England in the .
On his arrival he was appointed to the frigate , where he remained until the end of 1779. He then served aboard the 90-gun ship , the flagship of Admiral Sir George Rodney. Hawkins consequently saw action in the capture of the Caracas Company convoy on 8 January 1780, and the "Moonlight Battle" on 16 January, when Rodney defeated a Spanish squadron under Don Juan de Lángara off the southern coast of Portugal.
Hawkins was promoted to commander on 10 February 1780, and given command of the 14-gun sloop (formerly the Spanish "San Vicente" of the Caracas Company) and sailed with Rodney from Gibraltar to the West Indies, seeing action again in the Battle of Martinique on 17 April 1780. On the day after the battle, on 18 April, he was promoted to captain and given command of the 20-gun frigate .
"Deal Castle" and the sloop-of-war were anchored in Gros Islet Bay, Saint Lucia, when in early October 1780 the "Great Hurricane" struck the island. The two ships made for the relative safety of the open sea, but "Deal Castle" was wrecked on the coast of Puerto Rico. Three of the crew were killed, but the rest escaped on rafts to the safety of the land. They were promptly imprisoned by the Spanish, and held for two months, before being released and sent to Tortola. Hawkins made his way to St. Eustatia, where he found Admiral Rodney. Having passed the ordeal of a court-martial for the loss of his ship, he returned to England in a packet with despatches from the Admiral.
Hawkins was appointed to command of the newly built 32-gun fifth-rate at Liverpool in July 1781. "Ceres" returned to America in May 1782, conveying Sir Guy Carleton, the new Commander-in-Chief, North America to his command. "Ceres" remained in America until its final evacuation in December 1783, when Hawkins returned to England, where in February 1784, "Ceres" was paid off.
After a short stay on shore, Hawkins took command of the , which had been intended for the Mediterranean, but was subsequently sent to Leith, Scotland, where she remained till 1785, before being put out of commission.
Hawkins took advantage of the peace to attend lectures in astronomy at the University of Oxford in 1786, and travelled extensively throughout Europe, visiting The Hague, Hamburg, Lübeck, Reval, Saint Petersburg, Copenhagen, and Paris.
In 1791, following the provisions of a will of a cousin, he added the surname of his maternal grandmother, Whitshed, to his own, in order to inherit properties that had once belonged to the Lord Chief Justice of Ireland William Whitshed. On 11 December 1791 Hawkins-Whitshed married Countess Sophia Henrietta Bentinck, the daughter of Captain John Bentinck.
War with France.
In June 1793, after the outbreak of war with Revolutionary France, Hawkins-Whitshed was appointed to command of the 74-gun ship , on the home station. In March 1795, he moved to the 90-gun second-rate ship of the line , and after cruising for some time with the Channel Fleet, sailed with Rear Admiral William Parker to reinforce Sir John Jervis in the Mediterranean. On 14 February 1797, Hawkins-Whitshed took part in the battle of Cape St. Vincent, where Jervis gained a notable victory over a Spanish fleet. Hawkins-Whitshed, with the rest of the officers of the squadron, received the thanks of Parliament, and was presented with a gold medal. Hawkins-Whitshed returned to England, where in January 1798 he was appointed to the 80-gun ship , but after only six months was transferred to the 98-gun , in which he remained after his promotion to the rank of rear admiral on 14 February 1799.
Upon the death of Sir Charles Thompson in March 1799, Hawkins-Whitshed hoisted his flag on board the 110-gun first-rate ship and sailed for the Mediterranean. He soon returned to England, taking command of the in the Channel Fleet in November 1799. He remained there until the temporary peace occasioned by the Treaty of Amiens in March 1802.
On the recommencement of hostilities in May 1803, Hawkins-Whitshed was appointed Commander-in-Chief of the Sea Fencibles in Ireland, receiving promotion to the rank of vice admiral on 23 April 1804. In early 1807 he replaced Lord Gardner as Commander-in-Chief at Cork, remaining there until late 1810. He was promoted to the rank of admiral on 31 July 1810.
Post-war career and honours.
On 2 January 1815 Hawkins-Whitshed was made a Knight Commander of the Most Honourable Military Order of the Bath (KCB), receiving the award from the Prince Regent at Carlton House, London, on 11 April 1815.
In February 1821, following the sudden death Sir George Campbell, he was appointed Commander-in-Chief, Portsmouth serving there until March 1824.
On 17 November 1830 he was made a Knight Grand Cross of the Most Honourable Military Order of the Bath (GCB), receiving the award on 1 December 1830.
On 1 May 1834 he was made a baronet of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, of Killincarrick, in the county of Wicklow, and of Jobstown, in the county of Dublin, and the heirs "male of his body lawfully begotten."
He received promotion by seniority to the highest rank in the Navy, Admiral of the Fleet, on 8 January 1844. Hawkins-Whitshed died at his home in Cavendish Square, London, on 28 October 1849.
Personal life.
Hawkins-Whitshed and his wife, Sophia, had two sons and four daughters. Their eldest son, James Hawkins-Whitshed (ca. 1795–1813) followed his father into the Royal Navy, but was killed while serving as a midshipman in . Their second son, St. Vincent Keene Hawkins-Whitshed (1801–1870), succeeded his father as baronet.

</doc>
<doc id="19597851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597851" title="Pirates 4-D">
Pirates 4-D

Pirates 4-D is a 3-D short film produced exclusively for theme park usage. The "attraction" is located at the Luxor casino in Las Vegas, Nevada, Phantasialand in Brühl, Germany, Noah's Ark Water Park in Wisconsin Dells, Wisconsin and formerly Busch Gardens Tampa Bay in Tampa, Florida, Busch Gardens Williamsburg in Williamsburg, Virginia, Hansa Park in Sierksdorf, Germany, Mirabilandia in Italy, Magix 4d ride on Sentosa Island, Singapore, SeaWorld San Antonio in San Antonio, Texas, Thorpe Park in Chertsey, Surrey, England and Six Flags New Orleans in New Orleans, Louisiana. The Luxor venue was built from the ground up, while the same theater houses different shows titled "Fantasy" and "Carrot Top" during after hours. 
The show at Busch Gardens Tampa Bay was closed in March 2010 to make way for "Sesame Street Film Festival 4-D", but due to guest demand, the attraction returned on August 5, 2010 and will feature three showings a day after three showings of the "Sesame Street" film.
On July 7, 2013, Busch Gardens Tampa announced that Pirates 4-D has closed again in Timbuktu (now Pantopia) to make way for a new show.
Plot.
Davie (Adam Wylie), a cabin boy who was betrayed by the nasty Captain Lucky (Leslie Nielsen) on Pirate Island, escapes the captain's trap in order to set up booby traps with the help of a monkey named Chester to catch Lucky and his crew when he returns to the island to rediscover a treasure he buried there. The captain, with a French pirate named Pierre (Eric Idle) as his first mate, comes to the island soon after with two of the pirates being caught in a trap involving crabs. The next pirate has a bee hive dropped on his head while the next is hit in the back by a cactus. Pierre is also involved in a trap involving pigeons, which defecates on him. After the booby traps leave all the pirates left behind except for the Captain and Pierre, Lucky leads Pierre into a dark cave on the island where his treasure is hidden. Upon entering the cave, Pierre encounters a giant spider and various bats, before running into the skeletons of Lucky's former crew hung by shackles to the cave's walls. Lucky approaches Pierre, telling him "to me...or not to me". The captain then discovers his treasure chest, which now holds a booby trap. After the captain begins mesmerizing the chest's treasures, the chest locks him with shackles and drags him out of the cave and into a lake, and past pigeons. Meanwhile, the pirates discover Davie, and prepare to attack him, before Pierre shows up with the skeletons of Lucky's last crew. Lucky then is finally set free from the trap and begins to have a sword fight with Davie, to which he wins. However, Lucky's crew leads him back to the ship, where they make him walk the plank, and Davie is named as the crew's new captain. As the screen begins to close to black, Lucky appears in front of it and spits out water, telling the audience "I'll be back" before the closing screen bonks him and knocks him out.
Effects.
Viewers of the film wear polarized 3-D glasses in order to experience the film's 3-D effects, while the 4-D effects involve water, bursts of air, vibrations and wires which push against the viewers feet. The end of the film involves water cannons which shoot water all the way to the back of the theater, and soak guests in the front row.

</doc>
<doc id="19597861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597861" title="Great Chatwell">
Great Chatwell

Great Chatwell is a small village in the county of Staffordshire, England. It is located 1 mile north-west of Blymhill on the border with Shropshire.
The name presumably derives either from nearby St. Chad's well at Chadwell or from the Old English for Ceatta's" well or stream'.
The village contains a number of notable buildings. A white cottage was formerly a telephone exchange, reputedly the last manual exchange in England. Opposite the "Red Lion" public house is the former "Cock Inn", the back wall of which is ancient and thought locally to have once formed part of a monastery. Beside this is the grand 19th-century arched entrance to Chatwell Court. A short distance to the north-east of the village can be found the well-preserved remains of a brick kiln. At the south of the village are the sheds of a substantial factory farm.

</doc>
<doc id="19597879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597879" title="List of people from Ballarat">
List of people from Ballarat

This article is a list of notable people from the Australian regional city of Ballarat, Victoria.
and author of "The Story of the Eureka Stockade".

</doc>
<doc id="19597886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597886" title="Tom Stevens (politician)">
Tom Stevens (politician)

Thomas Robert "Tom" Stevens is an American lawyer, politician and blogger. He is the founder of the Objectivist Party and currently serves as its Chair. Stevens was that party's nominee for President in the 2008 and 2012 United States Presidential elections. He is the founder of the Personal Freedom Party of New York.
Stevens founded the Objectivist Party on February 2, 2008, the birth date of Objectivist philosopher Ayn Rand.
He has previously served as state chairman of the Libertarian Party of Pennsylvania and as an interim vice chairman of the political party Boston Tea Party. In 2010, he announced the formation of the Personal Freedom Party of New York. 
He runs the blog site "Rising Action "formerly known as "Liberty Lion". 
Stevens is a graduate of New York University and Hofstra University School of Law.

</doc>
<doc id="19597888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597888" title="Robert Danby">
Robert Danby

Sir Robert Danby KS JP (died 1474) was a British justice. 
Life.
He was the fifth son of Thomas Danby of Danby, Yorkshire, and his wife Mary, daughter of Sir Robert Tanfield. 
He adopted the legal profession, and occurs in the year-books as early as 1431 ; in 1441 he appeared in a case before the privy council, and in 1443 was made serjeant-at-law, being promoted king's serjeant soon afterwards. 
He seems never to have sat in parliament, but on 28 June 1452 he was raised to the bench of common pleas. Being apparently of Yorkist sympathies, he was on 11 May 1461, immediately after the accession of Edward IV, appointed chief justice of common pleas ; he was knighted soon afterwards. When Henry VI regained his throne Danby was, by patent dated 9 October 1470, continued as chief justice, but when Edward IV returned in the following year Danby ceased to be chief justice. 
As he disappears from the list of judges three weeks before the others were removed, the circumstance may be due to his death, and not to his disgrace ; possibly the story which Holinshed erroneously relates of Sir William Hankford, of a chief justice who in this year deliberately got himself shot by his gamekeeper, refers to Danby. 
The frequency with which Danby's opinion was quoted suggests that he was a judge of considerable weight.
In 1473 he also joined the Corpus Christi Guild in York; he died in 1474 and was buried there shortly afterwards.
Family.
He married, first, in 1444, Catherine, daughter of Ralph Fitzrandal, by whom he had no issue, and secondly Elizabeth, daughter and heiress of William Aslaby ; by her he had a son, Sir James Danby, who succeeded to Thorp Perrow, Yorkshire, an estate his father had purchased, and died in 1496, and a daughter, Margaret, who married Christopher Barton. His great-grandson, Sir Christopher Danby, was, according to Paget, designed for a peerage by Henry VIII, but the intention was never carried out.

</doc>
<doc id="19597905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597905" title="Vital Lanko">
Vital Lanko

Vital Alyaksandravich Lanko (, , "Vitali Aleksandrovich Lanko") (born 4 April 1977 in Mogilev) is a Belarusian footballer. 
He made his debut for the national side on 19 February 2004, in the 0:2 loss against Romania in an exhibition match.

</doc>
<doc id="19597923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597923" title="Samuel Dickenson">
Samuel Dickenson

Samuel Dickenson (1733 – May 15, 1823) was a clergyman and botanist.
He was educated at St John's College, Cambridge, where he was a contemporary of Erasmus Darwin. He succeeded his father John Dickenson as Rector of St. Mary's, Blymhill and remained in the position from 9 January 1777 until his death, aged 90, in 1823. 
Dickenson contributed to various botanical and historical works and was tutor to Thomas Beddoes and Charles Darwin (uncle of the famous naturalist Charles Robert Darwin). He accompanied the 8 year old Darwin on an excursion to France, collecting plants, between October 1766 and March 1767.
The inscription on his memorial in St. Mary's reads:
Revd. Samuel Dickenson during 46 years Rector of this place his character was adorned with many virtues, his mind richly stored with learning divine and humane, he was remarkably upright in his dealings & strictly temperate in his mode of living, in simplicity & godly sincerity. He had his conversation in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="19597959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597959" title=".22 Accelerator">
.22 Accelerator

The .22 Accelerator is a special loading of the .30-30, .308, and .30-06 cartridges that is manufactured by Remington. It consists of a sub-caliber diameter bullet held in a .30-caliber six-fingered plastic sabot with a hollowed base. The bullet separates from the sabot approximately from the muzzle. The cartridge allows for using a large-caliber rifle for varmint shooting, although the accuracy is somewhat diminished.

</doc>
<doc id="19597962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597962" title="My Prairie Song Bird">
My Prairie Song Bird

"My Prairie Song Bird" is 1909 popular song composed by George W. Meyer and with lyrics written by Jack Drislane. In the song, the singer is asking Prairie Song Bird to marry him. The chorus is:

</doc>
<doc id="19597968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597968" title="Nenad Begović">
Nenad Begović

Nenad Begović (; born January 6, 1980) is a Serbian football player who currently plays for FK Zemun in the Serbian League Belgrade.
Before returning to Serbia he played with Brantford Galaxy and London City in the Canadian Soccer League.

</doc>
<doc id="19597979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597979" title="Hannikel">
Hannikel

Hannikel (1742 – July 17, 1787), born Jakob Reinhard, was an infamous robber in Württemberg, Germany, and is today a character of the Swabian-Alemannic carnival.
Early life.
Hannikel was born in the area of Darmstadt; his mother belonged to a vagrant family and his father was a soldier in the Landgraviate of Hesse-Darmstadt. Hannikel's grandfather was Kleine Konrad, who was executed by the breaking wheel.
As a young man, Hannikel lived in the Alsace region of France and later in Palatinate near Pirmasens, making his living mainly as a peddler and thief.
Hannikel and his gang.
In 1770, Hannikel moved to Württemberg and became the leader of a gang, which had around 35 members and was involved in the assaulting and robbing of wealthy Jews and parish priests. These instances of violence became increasingly brutal. The hideouts of the gang were in the Northern Black Forest, close to Nagold. At the time Southern Germany was densely populated by bandits, due to the vast woodland and the fragmentation into small territories, each with its own and independent jurisdiction. The bandits could quickly cross a border after a few miles and were secure in the foreign dominion; the pursuers had to stop at the turnpike.
Arrest and death.
When Hannikel brutally murdered a grenadier of the Duke of Württemberg on April 5, 1786, close to Reutlingen, the Vogt of Sulz am Neckar, Jacob Georg Schäffer followed in pursuit of the gang. Twenty-seven members of Hannikel's gang were arrested close to Hohenstaufen Castle, but Hannikel himself and 28 members escaped into Switzerland. 
A few months later, the earl of Salis-Zizers arrested Hannikel and the rest of his gang at Untervaz and transported them to Chur. Hannikel managed to escape from the dungeon – today called Hannikel's tower – after some days but was finally arrested by the earl at Sargans. Hannikel and his gang were then confined in Vaduz, where Schäffer collected them in September and brought them to Sulz.
Hannikel and three of his gang were sentenced to death and hanged on July 17, 1787, in Sulz. The others were sentenced to life imprisonment at Hohenasperg and the Hohentwiel fortress.

</doc>
<doc id="19597983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19597983" title="Oregon Superintendent of Indian Affairs">
Oregon Superintendent of Indian Affairs

The Oregon Superintendent of Indian Affairs was an official position of the U.S. state of Oregon, and previously of the Oregon Territory, that existed from 1848–1873.
Background.
The Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA) was created in 1824 to regulate contacts between Native Americans and settlers. 
Territorial governors often served as "ex officio" superintendents of Indian affairs, and had a general responsibility for Indian affairs in a territory or other political region. In this capacity, they would help negotiate treaties and clear titles to land. A system of agencies was established under each superintendent where each agency was responsible for one or more tribes.
Indian agents were appointed by the President with approval of the Senate. Most agents reported to superintendents, while other reported directly to the central office in Washington, D.C. and relied on local military posts for law enforcement as it related to Indians.
Oregon Superintendency.
In 1842, an Indian subagency for the "country West of the Rocky mountains" was established and located in Oregon City in the Willamette Valley. The Oregon Superintendency was established in 1848, when the Oregon Territory was organized. This was about the same time that the Donation Land Claim Act opened Oregon to settlement. The superintendency had jurisdiction over the entire area west of the Rocky Mountains and north of the 42nd parallel. The territorial governor, Joseph Lane, acted as the "ex officio" superintendent until 1850, when a separate official was appointed. 
In 1851, the superintendency headquarters was moved from Oregon City to Milwaukie. Later moves included: 1853 to Dayton; 1856 back to Oregon City; 1857 to Salem; 1859 to Portland; and in 1861 back to Salem. When Washington Territory was established in 1853, a separate superintendency was established there with jurisdiction over the area north of the Columbia River and the 46th parallel.
Agents.
The first three regular agents were appointed to the Oregon Superintendency in 1850. They were assigned to geographical areas rather than to particular tribes. The agencies in Oregon Territory were Rogue River, Warm Springs, Puget Sound District, Southeastern District, Port Orford, Siletz, Grand Ronde, Umatilla, Klamath and Malheur. The agency structure in Oregon was complicated because of the removal of Indians from their original homes and the attempt to concentrate them on reservations. There were also many subagencies, special agencies and local agencies, especially after the wars of 1855.
Bands.
Tribes that were assigned to the Oregon Superintendency were the Cayuse, Chastacosta, Chetco, Clackamas, Joshua, Kalapuya, Klamath, Modoc, Molala, Nez Perce, Paiute, Rogue River, Shasta, Sixes (Kwatami), "Snake", Tenino, Umatilla, Umpqua, Wallawalla, Warm Springs, Wasco, and Yamel.
Dissolution.
From 1857 to 1861, the Oregon and Washington superintendencies were combined. The Oregon Superintendency was abolished in 1873—the agents in Oregon then reported directly to the BIA in Washington, D.C.
Agents.
An incomplete list of Indian agents in Oregon includes:

</doc>
<doc id="19598006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598006" title="Grooved carpet shell">
Grooved carpet shell

The grooved carpet shell, "Ruditapes decussatus", is a clam or bivalve mollusc in the family Veneridae. It is distributed worldwide and due to its ecological and economic interest has been proposed as a bioindicator. 
This species is one of the most popular and profitable mollusc of lagoonal and coastal sites in the Mediterranean, where it was collected for a long time as food. It is consumed fresh and canned.
Description.
The shell is broadly oval to quadrate with the umbones distinctly anterior. The posterior hinge line is straight, the posterior margin truncate, and the anterior hinge line grades into the down-sloping anterior margin. It is prominent posteriorly, where the shell is conspicuously decussate. The surface has a sculpture of fine concentric striae and bolder radiating lines. Growth stages are clear. The lunule and escutcheon are poorly defined. Each valve has three cardinal teeth: the centre one in the left valve, and centre and posterior in right are bifid. The pallial line and adductor scars are distinct. The pallial sinus is U-shaped, not extending beyond the midline of the shell, but reaching a point below the posterior part of the ligament. The lower limb of the sinus is distinct from the pallial line for the whole of its length. The inner surfaces of the shell are glossy white, often with yellow or orange tints, and with a bluish tinge along the dorsal edge. The overall color is cream, yellowish, or light brown, often with darker markings.
Location.
Despite improper management, some regions in the Atlantic coast of the Iberian Peninsula, and of the Mediterranean basin, as well as Ireland, currently have solid populations of "Ruditapes decussatus". 
Uses.
"Ruditapes decussatus" is cultured from the Atlantic coast of France, Spain, Portugal and in the Mediterranean basin. It is often grown with other bivalves ("Venerupis pullastra", "Venerupis rhomboideus", "Venerupis aurea", "Dosinia exoleta" and "Tellina incarnate"). Their main predators are shore crabs ("Carcinus maenas"); starfish ("Asterias rubens" and "Marthasterias glaciais"); gastropods (Natica sp.); and birds (Larus sp). An individual "Carcinus maenas" (6.5 cm width) can consume 5 or 6 clams per day. Marine aquaculture production of grooved carpet shell in 2003 was 3,007 t in Portugal, which excludes non-aquaculture harvesting of the species.
Between 1997 and 2001 total aquaculture production varied between 3,700 and 4,900 tonnes, from five countries. Most was produced by Portugal but France and Spain have also been significant producers; however, the contribution from France is now much lower than before; in 1995 it was by far the leading producer with nearly 5,200 tonnes but in 2004 it produced only 475 tonnes. Global production seems to be declining; in 2004 it was only 2,700 tonnes but the United Kingdom had appeared as a minor producer.
In 1985 the price for live "Ruditapes decussatus" was about € 0.60/kg. In 2005, the price was about € 15/kg. It is consumed fresh and canned.

</doc>
<doc id="19598011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598011" title="National Progressive Force">
National Progressive Force

The Fuerza Nacional Progresista —or National Progressive Force (also known as FNP), is one of the main political parties of the Dominican Republic, and has a center-right position. Currently the party is in sixth (6th) place of preference of the electorate.
History.
The founding of the FNP on July 6, 1980, with the motto "Peace, Justice, Liberty", by Marino Vinicio Castillo, was regarded by many as a declaration of independence from Joaquín Balaguer. The Party participated in general elections for the first time in 1982, with Castillo as a presidential candidate. Nevertheless, since the FNP had been recognized by the "Junta Central Electoral" only two months before, its impact was negligible. In 1986, with Castillo running as a presidential candidate for the second time, the FNP gained 6,684 votes, equivalent to 0.32 percent of those registered. In the 1990 elections, Castillo again ran, this time seeking backing from the poor, the peasants, and all Dominican "who hoped for a decent future". To this end, Castillo promised a more even distribution of wealth by way of agricultural reform. For Castillo, this constituted a basic, fundamental structural change. The FNP proposed to more fully integrate the various sectors of Dominican society, to stimulate production, to combat narcotics traffickers, to fight against corruption, and to improve sanitation. These perspectives were not enough to significantly improve the FNP performance over 1986. Since 1996, Castillo has been allied with the PLD and has become a major electoral support during the past two elections of the winning Progressive Bloc.
2006 Parliamentary elections.
In the parliamentary elections of 2006, the FNP had two candidates elected to the Chamber of Deputies:
2008 Presidential elections.
In the presidential elections of 2008, the FNP gained 48,554 votes, equivalent to 1.19 percent of those registered.
2010 Parliamentary elections.
In the parliamentary elections of 2010, the FNP just had one candidate elected to the Chamber of Deputies:

</doc>
<doc id="19598014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598014" title="2009 American Le Mans Series season">
2009 American Le Mans Series season

The 2009 American Le Mans Series season was the eleventh season for the International Motor Sports Association's (IMSA) American Le Mans Series. It began on March 21, 2009, and ended on October 10, 2009 after ten events. The series was composed of Le Mans Prototypes (LMP) and Grand Tourer (GT) race cars divided into four classes: LMP1, LMP2, GT1, and GT2. A fifth category, known as the Challenge class, was also added for select races and featured Porsche 997 GT3 Cup cars from the IMSA GT3 Cup Challenge. 2009 was also the final year for GT1, with Corvette Racing abandoning the class after Long Beach and switching over to much more competitive GT2 (renamed GT) class.
This was the first time that the Michelin Green X Challenge championship was used throughout a full ALMS season after its initial introduction at the 2008 Petit Le Mans. Two champions were determined by the entry which is the most efficient over the season within the LMP and GT categories.
Patrón Highcroft Racing duo David Brabham and Scott Sharp won the main LMP1 standings, holding off De Ferran Motorsports pairing Gil de Ferran and Simon Pagenaud at the final round of the season at Mazda Raceway Laguna Seca. Adrian Fernández and Luis Díaz won the LMP2 title, in the final season of Fernández Racing, who closed at the end of the 2009 season. In GT2, Flying Lizard Motorsports' Patrick Long and Jörg Bergmeister won six races en route to the championship title. Husband-and-wife Martin and Melanie Snow won the inaugural GT Challenge class title, that ran at half of the season's ten races.
Schedule.
The 2009 schedule remained mostly identical to the 2008 schedule, although the season was shortened in length. This was done to allow teams from the American Le Mans Series to participate in events for the new Asian Le Mans Series in November. On December 18, 2008, it was announced that the Detroit race would be canceled.
The Challenge class of cars only participated in five rounds in 2009: Utah, Lime Rock, Mid-Ohio, Road America, and Laguna Seca.
Season results.
Overall winner in bold.
Note that the GT1 class only competed in two rounds. Johnny O'Connell, Jan Magnussen, and Antonio García won the 12 Hours of Sebring for Corvette Racing, while Oliver Gavin and Olivier Beretta won for Corvette at Long Beach.
Championships.
Points were awarded to the top ten cars and drivers which either finish the race or complete 70% of the winner's distance, except in the ALMS Challenge category where cars and drivers only have to complete 50% of their class winner's distance. Teams with multiple entries only scored the points of their highest finishing entry in each race. Drivers were required to drive a minimum of 45 minutes to earn points, except for the Long Beach event which required only 30 minutes. The GT1 category was only used for two events and no championships were awarded in that category.
Team championships.
Teams with full entries were awarded points in the team championships. Teams which participated in partial season or on a race by race basis were not counted as part of the championship.
ALMS Challenge standings.
Gruppe Orange tied on points for the ALMS Challenge Team Championship, but Snow Racing broke the tie by having three wins over the season compared to Gruppe Orange's one.
Driver championships.
Drivers who participated in races but failed to score points over the course of the season are not listed.
ALMS Challenge standings.
Driver points were awarded collectively, with all the drivers who have driven for a team being awarded the same amount of points.

</doc>
<doc id="19598018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598018" title="Ksenia Palkina">
Ksenia Palkina

Ksenia Palkina (born December 13, 1989, in Khabarovsk Krai, Soviet Union) is a Kyrgyzstani professional tennis player. 
Palkina has won seven singles and sixteen doubles titles on the ITF tour in her career. On 23 March 2009, she reached her best singles ranking of world number 163. On 12 April 2010, she peaked at world number 164 in the doubles rankings.
Personal life.
Palkina was born to Marina and had a brother named Nikita. She currently resides in Bishkek, Kyrgyzstan. Her favourite surface is clay.

</doc>
<doc id="19598039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598039" title="Monomotapa United FC">
Monomotapa United FC

Monomotapa United is a football club based in Harare, Zimbabwe. The club plays in the Zimbabwe Premier Soccer League.

</doc>
<doc id="19598041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598041" title="Majnun Gorakhpuri">
Majnun Gorakhpuri

Ahmad Siddiq, knows by his pen name Majnun Gorakhpuri (Urdu:احمد صدیق مجنوں گورکھپوری), was an Urdu short story (Afsana) writer, poet and literary critic.
Life.
Ahmad Siddiq, known as Majnun Gorakhpuri, was born in 1904 in Gorakhpur, Uttar Pradesh (then United Provinces). His father was Muhammed Farooq Devana Gorakhpuri. 
His friend Firaq Gorakhpuri also hailed from Gorakhpur and was now settled in Allahbad. Firaq himself recalls, "Majnun Gorakhpuri came to Allahabad those days and got admitted to a college. He was staying with me and his company dispelled my loneliness a little". He added: "In those days I used to spend a good deal of my time in the company of Majnun Gorakhpuri and Munshi Premchand. Their company helped to awaken my poetic instincts and kindle my thoughts" 
Here he became associated with the Progressive Writers Movement since its inception.
Education.
His early education took place in Gorakhpur and he went to Allahbad University for higher education. 
He earned his MA in English from Agra University and thereafter earned an MA in Urdu from the University of Calcutta.
Academic career.
He taught at different colleges and universities throughout his life including Aligarh Muslim University, Gorakhpur University and the University of Karachi. He taught in the Department of Urdu at Aligarh Muslim University. He migrated to Pakistan in late 1960s and went on to live in Karachi and taught at Karachi University till his last years of life.
Literary work and contribution.
Besides his collection of short stories and 35 books on Urdu literature, Gorakhpuri left a score of forewords and critical analyses as his legacy. 
Literary Criticism 
"Adab aur zindagi": Majnun Gorakhpuri ki chand tanqidat ka majmu'ah, tarmim-o-izafah ke sath (1944)
"Iqbal: Ijmali tabsirah" (1945)
"Tanqidi hashi'e: Tanqidi mazamin ka majmu'ah" (1945)
"Nuqūsh-O-Afkār" (1955)
"Sher Aur Ghaazal" (1962) 
"Adab Aur Zindagī" ; Majnoon, Ahmad Siddiq (1964) 
"Ghazal Sara" (1964)
"Ghālib : Shakhs Aur Shāir", (Karāchī : Maktabah-i Arbāb-i Qalam, 1974) 
"Armaghān-I-Majnūn" (1980, 1984). 
"Jamaliat" (aesthetics)
"Masnavi-i-Zahr-i ishq, Mirza Shauq : tabsire" by Majnun Gorakhpuri and Mohsin Faruqi; (digar rumani dastanen, Mohsin Faruqi tazkirah va tanqid) Criticism and interpretation on Zahr-i-ishq, poetical work written in 1855 by Mirzā Shauq; includes criticism on different folk tales by Mohsin Fārūqī. 
"Pardesi ke Khutut"
Collections of Short stories
"Zaidi Ka Hashr" 
"Khvab-o-khayal aur dusare afsane" (1943)
"Saman posh aur dusre afsane, jin ka ta'alluq ruhaniyat se hai" (1971)
Translations:
"King Lear" by William Shakespeare (Urdu)
Shamshoun Mubariz (Samson Agonistes by John Milton)
He also edited 'Aivan' literary journal/magazine from Gorakhpur 1931-35. 
He was Presidential Medal Tamgha-E-Imtiaz winner in Pakistan which he accepted reluctantly from President General Zia Ul Haque.
Suggested readings.
"Majnoon Gorakhpuri-Life and Art" by Abdul Sattar Niazi
"Armughan-E-Majnoon Vol I" (Majnoon Academy Karachi)
"Armughan-E-Majnoon Vol II" (Majnoon Academy Karachi)

</doc>
<doc id="19598045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598045" title="Andrej Bicenko">
Andrej Bicenko

Andrej Bicenko (October 17, 1886 – 1985) also spelled Andrei Bicenko, Andrey Bitsenko (Russian Cyrillic:Андрей Васильевич Биценко) was a Russian fresco painter.
Biography.
Bicenko was born in Kursk, Russia. There is no information about his early life and childhood. He was a graduate artist with a degree from Sankt Petersburg Academy. Also, he finished architecture and sculpture school in Moscow. On 1914, he was awarded in First prize in Kyev painting contest. After the Russian socialist revolution, he escaped to the island of Lemnos and a few months later to Serbia. At first, he was living in Zrenjanin where he was become a painting teacher in First Serbian gymnasium. Four years later he went to Belgrade. From 1924 to 1941 he was painting fresco paintings on many church walls in Belgrade and Serbia.
When the Communist regime took control in Serbia, Bicenko fled to the United States. At first he was situated in Philadelphia, and then in Cleveland and New York. He continued to paint frescos in many Orthodox Christian churches in the United States. Andrei Bicenko died in 1985 in Cleveland.
Notable works.
Portraits, fresco paintings and murals make up the majority of Bicenko's works. The most important period in his artistic career was from 1924 to 1941 in Serbia. Of particular note are his frescos in::

</doc>
<doc id="19598049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598049" title="King of the Ring (1993)">
King of the Ring (1993)

King of the Ring (1993) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by the World Wrestling Federation (WWF). This was the first of 10 King of the Ring events that was produced as a pay-per-view. The event resulted from the WWF's decision to make its annual King of the Ring tournament into a televised event. It took place on June 13, 1993 at the Nutter Center in Dayton, Ohio. The card featured ten matches, which resulted from scripted storylines and had results predetermined by the WWF.
The central focus of this PPV event was the tournament itself. Wrestlers gained entry into the tournament by participating in qualifying matches on WWF television programs, and the second, third and fourth rounds of the tournament were televised on the King of the Ring PPV broadcast. Bret Hart won the tournament by defeating Razor Ramon, Mr. Perfect, and Bam Bam Bigelow. He was attacked by Jerry Lawler during a coronation ceremony, which led to a feud that lasted more than two years. In addition to the tournament, the event featured Yokozuna defeating Hulk Hogan for the WWF Championship as well as Shawn Michaels retaining his belt in a match against Crush for the WWF Intercontinental Championship.
Reviews of the event have been mainly positive. Several reviewers have called Bret Hart's matches the highlight of the PPV. The match for the Intercontinental Championship has received positive reviews, but the ending to the WWF Championship match, which featured Hulk Hogan in his final PPV appearance in the WWF until 2002, has been criticized. The event was attended by 6,500 fans — the lowest attendance of any King of the Ring event. The PPV buyrate, however, was the highest of any King of the Ring event until 1999. The event has been released on VHS in North America and on VHS and DVD in the United Kingdom.
Background.
The WWF had held several "King of the Ring" tournaments in previous years, but it did not become a PPV event until 1993. The 1993 event featured the King of the Ring tournament as well as three other matches. In these matches, wrestlers were portrayed as villains or fan favorites and wrestled in matches that built upon pre-existing feuds and storylines.
Seven of the eight entrants in the quarter-final matches wrestled in a qualifying round prior to the PPV broadcast, while Bret Hart was entered without needing to qualify. Lex Luger was the first wrestler to qualify, as he defeated Bob Backlund in a match televised on the May 2 episode of "Wrestling Challenge". Six days later, Razor Ramon was added to the tournament after he defeated Tito Santana on "WWF Superstars". On May 9, "Hacksaw" Jim Duggan pinned Papa Shango on "Wrestling Challenge" to become the fourth entrant. The following night, Bam Bam Bigelow qualified by defeating Typhoon on a live episode of "Monday Night Raw".
On the May 15 episode of "WWF Superstars", Tatanka faced Giant Gonzalez in a qualifying match. Gonzalez attacked referee Bill Alfonso during the match; as a result, he was disqualified and Tatanka advanced to the next round of the tournament. Mr. Perfect and Doink the Clown wrestled three matches before a decisive winner could be found to advance in the tournament. They first faced each other on the May 1 episode of "WWF Superstars", but the match was declared a draw when the time limit expired. Their next match took place on the May 16 episode of "Wrestling Challenge" and resulted in another time-limit draw. On the May 24 episode of "Monday Night Raw", Perfect pinned Doink to advance to the seventh spot in the quarter-finals. In the final qualifying match, Mr. Hughes defeated Kamala on the May 30 episode of "Wrestling Challenge".
At WrestleMania IX, Bret Hart dropped the WWF Championship to Yokozuna. At the conclusion of the match, Mr. Fuji, Yokozuna's manager, threw salt in Hart's eyes, enabling Yokozuna to win the match. After the match, Hulk Hogan came to the ring to help Hart. Fuji challenged Hogan to a match for the WWF Championship, which took place immediately. Fuji attempted to throw salt in Hogan's eyes, but Hogan moved and the salt hit Yokozuna instead. Hogan quickly defeated him to become the new WWF Champion. Due to a real-life arrangement with WWF owner Vince McMahon, Hogan was supposed to lose the title to Bret Hart, but he changed his mind and refused to lose to Hart. He formed a compromise that allowed him to face Yokozuna in a rematch at King of the Ring 1993. He did not want to be pinned cleanly, so he insisted on a storyline in which he would lose the belt due to outside interference. As a result of Hart's controversial loss, Jack Tunney, who played the on-screen role of WWF President, granted Hart entry into the King of the Ring tournament without requiring him to win a qualifying match.
Crush faced WWF Intercontinental Champion Shawn Michaels several times in early 1993 but was unable to win the title belt. The pair also faced each other in a qualifying match for the King of the Ring tournament on the May 23 episode of "WWF Superstars". The match ended in a double countout, however, and both wrestlers were eliminated from the tournament. It was later announced that they would wrestle each other at King of the Ring 1993, with Michaels's championship on the line.
The event also featured an eight-man tag team match that pitted the fan favorite team of The Steiner Brothers (Rick and Scott Steiner) and The Smoking Gunns (Billy and Bart Gunn) against the villain team of Money Inc. (Ted DiBiase and Irwin R. Schyster) and The Headshrinkers (Samu and Fatu). The Steiners and The Headshrinkers had faced each other at WrestleMania in a match won by the Steiners. The Steiners then moved on to feud with Money Inc., the WWF Tag Team Champions. The Gunns made their WWF debut in the spring of 1993 and faced The Headshrinkers in a series of matches. The match was not a standard tag team match so the championship was not on the line.
Event.
Before the live PPV broadcast began, a dark match took place between Owen Hart and Papa Shango. Papa Shango pinned Hart to retain the USWA Heavyweight Championship, which was being defended in the WWF as part of a talent exchange program between the WWF and the United States Wrestling Association (USWA).
Tournament matches.
In the first televised match of the event, Bret Hart fought Razor Ramon. Hart got the early advantage, but Ramon used his size advantage to control much of the match. He performed a fallaway slam and a running powerslam but was unable to pin Hart. Hart performed several of his signature moves, including a Russian legsweep and an elbow drop from the second rope. Ramon regained control of the match and attempted to execute a suplex from the top rope. Hart landed on top of Ramon, however, and pinned him to win the match.
Mr. Hughes used his strength advantage to control the early stages of the following match against Mr. Perfect. After he missed a leg drop, Perfect used the opportunity to perform a neckbreaker on Hughes. Hughes picked up the urn that he had stolen from The Undertaker and hit Perfect with it. As a result, Hughes was disqualified and Mr. Perfect advanced to the next round.
In the next match, "Hacksaw" Jim Duggan faced Bam Bam Bigelow. Neither wrestler was able to gain an advantage until Duggan was thrown into the corner of the ring. He suffered a storyline injury, which allowed Bigelow to place Duggan in a bear hug. Duggan bit Bigelow to escape from the hold. He executed a powerslam and attempted to perform his signature move, a charging clothesline. Bigelow moved out of the way, however, and performed a diving headbutt on Duggan to get the pinfall victory.
Tatanka gained the early advantage over Lex Luger in the next match. He performed a crossbody to knock Luger down to the mat. Luger elbowed Tatanka to escape from a hold and then executed a chinlock on Tatanka. Tatanka came back by performing a knife-edge chop on Luger. He attempted the same move from the top rope, but Luger blocked him. Luger performed a clothesline on Tatanka to knock him down, but he was unable to pin him. The time limit expired, and both wrestlers were eliminated from the tournament. As a result, Bigelow received a bye into the final round.
The semi-final round of the tournament took place immediately after the first round, and Mr. Perfect gained the early advantage over Bret Hart. Hart reversed the momentum of the match by applying a series of headlocks on Perfect. Perfect then performed a dropkick on Hart and followed it up by pushing him off the edge of the ring into the steel barricade on the arena floor. Perfect then performed another dropkick, but Hart recovered and executed a superplex on Perfect. Hart wore down Perfect's leg with a figure four leglock and attempted to perform the Sharpshooter, his finishing maneuver. Perfect blocked the move and attempted to perform the Perfectplex, his finishing move, on Hart. Hart reversed this move, however, and both men were thrown out of the ring. When they returned to the ring, Perfect tried to pin Hart with a small package. Hart reversed the move to get the pinfall victory and advance to the tournament final.
Other matches.
The WWF Championship match came next, as Hulk Hogan defended his title against Yokozuna. Yokozuna controlled the beginning of the match until he ran at Hogan in the corner but missed an avalanche splash. Hogan tried twice to body slam Yokozuna but could not pick him up. Yokozuna performed a bear hug on Hogan and tried to pin him after executing a belly to belly suplex. Hogan kicked Yokozuna in the face three times and knocked him down to the mat. He performed a leg drop, his signature move, on Yokozuna but was unable to pin him. As Hogan prepared to attempt to body slam Yokozuna, manager Harvey Wippleman, disguised as a planted photographer, jumped up onto the edge of the ring. His camera exploded in Hogan's face, which allowed Yokozuna to knock Hogan down and perform a leg drop. He pinned Hogan to regain the WWF Championship.
In the next match, the team of the Steiner Brothers (Rick and Scott Steiner) and The Smoking Gunns (Billy and Bart Gunn) faced the team of Money Inc. (Ted DiBiase and Irwin R. Schyster) and The Headshrinkers (Samu and Fatu). The match began with the Steiners in control as they took turns attacking DiBiase. Fatu and Bart Gunn entered the match, and Fatu and his teammates wore Bart down while preventing him from tagging in a partner. Billy Gunn fought DiBiase and controlled the match until DiBiase performed the Million Dollar Dream on Billy. DiBiase released the hold and gloated about his performance. This enabled Billy Gunn to surprise DiBiase with a small package pinfall to win the match. After the match, the teams continued to fight until the Steiners and Gunns cleared their opponents from the ring.
The following match featured Shawn Michaels defending his WWF Intercontinental Championship against Crush. Crush controlled the early portion of the match by performing several dropkicks on Michaels, which he followed with a military press slam and a tilt-a-whirl backbreaker. Michaels left the ring to recover and returned to attack Crush's head. Michaels was unable to pin Crush, however, and Crush threw Michaels out of the ring. Two wrestlers dressed as Doink the Clown, with whom Crush had been feuding, came to the ring to distract Crush. Michaels performed a superkick, his signature move, and pinned Crush to retain the championship.
Tournament final.
The final match of the evening was between Bret Hart and Bam Bam Bigelow to determine the winner of the tournament. Bigelow used his strength advantage to control the beginning of the match. He threw Hart out of the ring and focused on injuring Hart's back. Hart escaped from a bear hug and pushed Bigelow into the steel rail at ringside. Bigelow responded by pushing Hart's back into the ring post. Luna Vachon, Bigelow's valet, hit Hart with a chair, which enabled Bigelow to pin Hart and be declared the winner. Referee Earl Hebner came to the ring, however, and explained to Joey Marella, the referee for the match, what had happened. The match was ordered to continue, and Bigelow continued to attack Hart's back. While Bigelow was outside of the ring, Hart performed a flying crossbody by jumping over the top rope and landing on Bigelow. He attempted to perform the Sharpshooter but was unable. As Bigelow ran at Hart in the corner of the ring, Hart moved out of the way. He climbed onto Bigelow's shoulders and flipped Bigelow forward to pin him with a victory roll.
A coronation ceremony took place, in which Hart was proclaimed King of the Ring. Jerry Lawler interrupted the ceremony, however, and claimed to be the only king in the WWF. He had been using the nickname "The King" since defeating Jackie Fargo for the AWA Southern Heavyweight Championship in 1974 and did not want to share the title. Lawler attacked Hart and hit him with the scepter and throne that were being used for the ceremony. As the PPV went off the air, Hart was lying on the floor, unable to fight back.
Aftermath.
Hulk Hogan left the WWF and focused on his acting career. He starred in "Thunder in Paradise", a weekly television show that ran from 1993 to 1994. While filming the show, he was offered a contract with World Championship Wrestling (WCW), the WWF's main competitor. He joined WCW in summer 1994 and wrestled his first match at Bash at the Beach 1994, where he defeated Ric Flair to win the WCW World Heavyweight Championship. He continued to wrestle for WCW until 2000 and did not return to the WWF until 2002.
Yokozuna held the WWF Championship for over nine months before dropping the belt to Bret Hart. Shawn Michaels was stripped of the Intercontinental Championship in September 1993, which set up a battle royal in which Razor Ramon became the next champion. The Steiner Brothers continued to feud with Money Inc. over the WWF Tag Team Championship. They defeated DiBiase and Schyster the day after King of the Ring to win the belts. They held them for two days before losing them to Money Inc. Three days later, the Steiners regained the belts, which they held for the remainder of the feud.
Jerry Lawler feuded with Bret Hart for more than two years after King of the Ring. They faced each other at SummerSlam 1993 to determine the true king of the WWF. Lawler won the match and the title after Hart was disqualified. They were supposed to wrestle against each other at Survivor Series 1993 in an elimination match, but Lawler was unable to appear because he had been charged with rape and sodomy in real life. The accuser later admitted that she had falsified the charges. Hart feuded with his brother Owen throughout 1994, so the feud with Lawler lay dormant. Lawler accused Bret Hart of being a racist in 1995 in order to create problems between Hart and Japanese wrestler Hakushi. This re-ignited the feud between Hart and Lawler, and they faced each other at In Your House 1. Hakushi interfered in the match, which enabled Lawler to pin Hart. This set up a "Kiss my Foot" match between Hart and Lawler at King of the Ring 1995. According to the stipulation, the loser would be forced to kiss the winner's feet. Lawler lost and brought in his dentist, Isaac Yankem, who soon debuted in the WWF. Yankem wrestled Hart at SummerSlam 1995; Hart won the match by disqualification after Yankem and Lawler choked Hart with the ring ropes.
Reception.
Reviews for the event have been mainly positive. Writing for "Online Onslaught", columnist Adam Gutschmidt stated that the event is the best King of the Ring show to watch. He called all three of Bret Hart's matches "outstanding" but was not as impressed with any of the other matches on the card. He thought that the eight-man match served no real purpose, the match between Luger and Tatanka was poorly planned and executed, and that the WWF Championship match was the worst on the card. Also writing for "Online Onslaught", Rich Scaia also enjoyed Bret Hart's matches. He thought that the match between Tatanka and Luger was a "good booking decision" and that the wrestlers performed well in the match. He also enjoyed the endings to the WWF Championship match and the Intercontinental Championship match. The review from "The Other Arena" also praised Bret Hart's matches, as well as the Intercontinental Championship match. The other matches were not rated as highly, although only the WWF Championship match was said to be a bad match.
The attendance for the event was 6,500 fans, who paid a total of $80,000 in admission. This is the lowest attendance figure for a King of the Ring event. The attendance the following year was almost twice as large, as 12,000 fans attended King of the Ring 1994. The PPV buyrate was 1.1, which was the highest buyrate in King of the Ring history until the 1999 event.
The event was released on VHS in North America by Coliseum Video on August 11, 1993. It has also been released on VHS in PAL format in the United Kingdom. Packaged together with King of the Ring 1994, it was released on DVD in the United Kingdom as part of the WWE Tagged Classics line on July 5, 2004.
Results.
Tournament brackets.
The tournament took place between May 2 and June 13, 1993. The tournament brackets were:

</doc>
<doc id="19598079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598079" title="Alvear Palace Hotel">
Alvear Palace Hotel

The Alvear Palace Hotel is a luxury hotel located in Avenida Alvear in Recoleta, an upscale neighbourhood in Buenos Aires, Argentina. The hotel was inaugurated in 1932 and, following extensive refurbishment, was reinaugurated in 1994.
History.
The hotel was built by Buenos Aires businessman and socialite Dr. Rafael de Miero, who had been to Paris in the early 1920s and wanted to bring some of that Belle Epoque grandeur to his then flourishing hometown.
He bought and demolished a large house on the corner of Avenida Alvear and Rodriguez Pena in 1922, which began the decade-long on-again, off-again project, which finally opened in 1932. A success, it was expanded in 1940, consuming another old mansion on Avenida Alvear.
In 1970, ownership passed to the 26-year-old Andreas von Salm-Kyrburg Wernitz, Duke of Hornes, Spanish cousin of King Juan Carlos I, who presided over the hotel's slow decline as a result of labour disputes and a general Argentinian economic stagnation. With bankruptcy threatening, in 1978 Wernitz sold the hotel to the Aragon Hotel Group, and since 1984, it's been part of David Sutton Dabbah's Alvear Luxury Hotels.
It was renovated in 1984, and again in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19598082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598082" title="2008 Victory Shield">
2008 Victory Shield

The Victory Shield 2008 is the 63rd edition of the Victory Shield, an annual football tournament that began in 1925 and is competed for by the Under 16 level teams of England, Scotland, Northern Ireland and Wales. It was held from 3 October to 29 November 2008 and won by England.

</doc>
<doc id="19598083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598083" title="Igor Kralevski">
Igor Kralevski

Igor Kralevski () (born 10 November 1978 in Skopje) is a Macedonian footballer currently playing for FK Teteks.

</doc>
<doc id="19598085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598085" title="Motherhood (film)">
Motherhood (film)

Motherhood is a 2009 independent comedy-drama film written and directed by Katherine Dieckmann and starring Uma Thurman.
Plot.
In New York's West Village, a mother's (Uma Thurman) dilemmas of marriage, work, and self are shown in the trials and tribulations of one pivotal day.
Production.
"Motherhood" and "Arlen Faber" (later renamed "The Answer Man") were a pair of films independently financed and produced by the New York City-based iDeal Partners Film Fund. 
The two films were part of a coordinated effort by iDeal Partners to reduce the risk in investing in film production during the late-2000s recession; they were pre-sold to foreign distributors, cast with "commercially-tested actors" and took advantage of U.S. state tax incentives that encouraged film production. Both also premiered at the 2009 Sundance Film Festival. As of January 2009, Jana Edelbaum, co-founder of iDeal Partners, was predicting "at least a 15 percent return for her investors and – if something big happens with "Motherhood" or "Arlen Faber" – as much as 40 percent."
Inspiration.
The writer/director's "real life was the inspiration for the film"; Dieckmann's home consists of two rent-stabilized apartments on the same floor of a West Village building, with one apartment for the bedrooms, and the other containing a kitchen, office and living room. In the film; Thurman's character "lives in the same building, in a bisected apartment." Filming took place in New York City starting in May 2008 and lasting about 25 days.
Release.
"Motherhood" received a limited North American release in October 2009 by Freestyle Releasing. 
In March 2010, the film's British premiere was confined to a single London cinema: the Apollo Piccadilly Circus. The box office gross was £9 on its opening night and £88 on its opening weekend; only eleven viewers purchased a ticket, with only one person attending its first showing. Veteran film critic Barry Norman said "It's a reasonable assumption that there was a marketing and advertising catastrophe, and people didn't know it was showing."
Reception.
The film received generally negative reviews; only 10 out of 39 critics sampled by Rotten Tomatoes gave the film a positive review, with the consensus "Despite Uma Thurman's comic skills, "Motherhood"s contrived set-ups and cliched jokes keep this comedy from delivering laughs -- or insights into modern parenting." In October 2009, Roger Ebert gave the film two stars out of four, saying the film is "billed as a comedy, but at no point will you require oxygen. There are some smiles and chuckles and a couple of actual laughs, but the overall effect is underwhelming"; Thurman is "doing her best with a role that may offer her less than any other in her career, even though she's constantly onscreen." A. O. Scott said Thurman's character is "scattered, ambivalent, flaky and inconsistent – all of which is fine, and energetically conveyed by Ms. Thurman. But what are tolerable quirks in a person can be deadly to a narrative, and Ms. Dieckmann, trying for observational nuance, descends into trivia and wishful thinking...The humor is soft, the dramas are small, and the movie stumbles from loose and scruffy naturalism to sitcom tidiness."
"The Times" observed that while "Motherhood" was only the second-worst flop in British cinematic history; the film that beat it to that honor, the 2007 "My Nikifor", which "took £7 on its launch ... was a small independent effort rather than a £3m Hollywood production "Motherhood"." 
Thurman won two awards at the Boston Film Festival, one for Best Actress for her work in "Motherhood" and an out-of-competition Film Excellence Award for her career accomplishments.

</doc>
<doc id="19598086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598086" title="Buria (disambiguation)">
Buria (disambiguation)

Buria may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19598107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598107" title="Buria clan">
Buria clan

Buria is the name of clan of people in Jats.

</doc>
<doc id="19598108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598108" title="Pidge scarf">
Pidge scarf

The Pidge Scarf is a short cashmere scarf closed with two buttons. The Pidge Scarf, created and manufactured by the company 3Fe Apparel, is hand-knit in the United States [http://3feapparel.com/] with imported Italian cashmere.
After appearing in Daily Candy's internet mailer on September 19, 2007 a large group of hobby knitters were inspired to knitting similar scarves. This was most prevalent and documented on the knitting club site ravelry.com. Since that time, there have been hundreds of blogs and threads discussing the best pattern for duplicating this short scarf, numerous yarn stores teaching techniques for this scarf [http://threeblacksheep.wordpress.com/2007/11/15/, as well as an internet video on Threadbanger.com [http://www.threadbanger.com/episode/THR_20080321] explaining their technique of knitting a Pidge Scarf.
The Pidge Scarf has yielded numerous nicknames to hypothetically bypass the trademark ownership of 3Fe Apparel. These names include: podge, midge, fidget smidge [http://www.craftster.org/forum/index.php?topic=200421.0, and pidge-podge [http://knit-nutt.blogspot.com/2008/02/pidge-podge.html].

</doc>
<doc id="19598155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598155" title="Eduard Boltrushevich">
Eduard Boltrushevich

Boltrushevich made three appearances for the Belarus national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="19598160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598160" title="Old McKenzie Fish Hatchery">
Old McKenzie Fish Hatchery

The Old McKenzie Fish Hatchery was used to raise trout and salmon for release into the McKenzie River in western Oregon in the United States. It is located near the unincorporated community of Vida in Lane County. The hatchery is closed, however, the historic site is now a county park. It is also listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
History.
On March 6, 1907, the State of Oregon purchased land along the McKenzie River between Leaburg and Vida for a fish hatchery. The state paid $518.07 for the land. The original hatchery building was built by C.J. Buley. The facility was opened on May 11, 1907. The hatchery superintendent's house and other support buildings were also constructed at about the same time. The original hatchery building was replaced in 1928, but the superintendent's residence and several other original buildings still exist at the site. 
The hatchery facilities were used by the State of Oregon to grow trout and salmon until the early 1950s. Over the years, it grew to be a large operation. In 1951, the hatchery collected 1,530,560 fish eggs for breeding. The state then decided to replace the old hatchery with a modern production facility. Between 1952 and 1953, the entire hatchery operation was moved to a new facility about a half-mile downstream from the original site adjacent to the Leaburg Dam. The old hatchery was closed in 1953.
In 1986, Lane County commissioned a study to determine if the abandoned hatchery site should be developed. The study found that the old McKenzie hatchery had historic and natural value, and recommended that the site be developed as a public park. Because of its unique architecture and importance to the history of the McKenzie River Valley, the Old McKenzie Fish Hatchery was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996. In 2007, the Lane County Parks Advisory Committee endorsed a plan to expand the facilities at the site of the historic fish hatchery to include a small museum and an interpretive center.
County park.
, the Old McKenzie Fish Hatchery is a park operated by Lane County. The historic site has eight main buildings and seven minor structures. The main hatchery buildings have been renovated, and are used as an environmental education center. There are interpretive signs on the grounds that describe hatchery operations and highlight some remaining artifacts. It is also home to the McKenzie River Chamber of Commerce Information Center. Because it is located just off Highway 126 (also known as the McKenzie River Highway), the hatchery is a popular rest stop for travelers. At the site, there are picnic tables, restrooms, drinking water, and parking. In addition, the facilities meet all the requirements of the Americans with Disabilities Act. 
The Friends of the Old McKenzie Fish Hatchery work with the Lane County Parks Division to develop and maintain the historic site. According to its charter, the group was established to ""perpetuate and maintain the Old McKenzie Fish Hatchery to achieve the highest quality for the public benefit; to enhance the historic features of the property…to encourage use of the site for educational purposes, and to provide facilities for the public enjoyment and use of its natural and historic features."" 

</doc>
<doc id="19598171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598171" title="Kizen Sasaki">
Kizen Sasaki

Kizen Sasaki (佐々木喜善), also sometimes Sun-Hee Sasaki and Kyōseki Sasaki, (5 October 1886 – 29 September 1933), was a Japanese folklorist, sometimes known as the "Japanese Grimm".
He was the son of a wealthy farming family and attended Shiritsu Tetsugakukan (now Toyo University) and then graduated with a degree in literature from Waseda University in 1905. In 1908 he became acquainted with Kunio Yanagita, and Sasaki began to collaborate with Yanagita on collecting the oral traditions and tales of Iwate Prefecture. In his later years he became friends with the poet Kenji Miyazawa with whom he shared his discoveries. Sasaki suffered from respiratory problems and died at the age of 47.
Professionally, Sasaki published a number of books of collected folktales and customs.

</doc>
<doc id="19598174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598174" title="2009 Baltimore Orioles season">
2009 Baltimore Orioles season

The Baltimore Orioles' 2009 season was the 109th season in franchise history. The Orioles finished the season last in the AL East with a record of 64–98. It was the fifth consecutive season in which the Orioles had fewer wins than in previous year.
New uniforms.
The Orioles have unveiled new uniforms, which debuted at the Harborplace Gallery shopping center on November 12, 2008. The team's new uniform will feature an updated ornithologically correct Oriole bird on their caps on a black crown with orange bill, a new patch which incorporates the flag of the state of Maryland in a circle borrowed from their vintage 1960's and 1970s insignia, and the return of the city name (Baltimore) on the road uniforms for the first time since 1972.
Player stats.
Batting.
"Note: G = Games played; AB = At Bats; R = Runs scored; H = Hits; 2B = Doubles; 3B = Triples; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in; AVG = Batting average; SB = Stolen bases"
Pitching.
"Note: W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; G = Games pitched; GS = Games started; SV = Saves; IP = Innings pitched; R = Runs allowed; ER = Earned runs allowed; BB = Walks allowed; K = Strikeouts"

</doc>
<doc id="19598188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598188" title="Mile Krstev">
Mile Krstev

Milorad 'Mile' Krstev (born 13 May 1979 in Negotino, SR Macedonia) is a Macedonian international footballer currently playing for FK Metalurg Skopje.
Krstev made 22 appearances for the Macedonia national football team from 1996 to 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19598189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598189" title="2009 Tampa Bay Rays season">
2009 Tampa Bay Rays season

The Tampa Bay Rays' 2009 season was their 12th season of baseball on the Gulf Coast of Florida. The team attempted to defend their American League Championship they won in the previous season. Although they missed the playoffs, they still finished with a winning record (84–78) – only the second in franchise history.
Summary.
Offseason.
For the most part, the Rays' main roster remained intact. Eric Hinske's contract expired at the end of the 2008 season, and the team did not exercise options on Rocco Baldelli, Cliff Floyd or Trever Miller, making all four free agents. None were offered salary arbitration. In addition, Jonny Gomes was non-tendered on December 12, 2008, making him a free agent as well.
During the offseason, starting pitcher Edwin Jackson was traded to the Detroit Tigers for corner outfielder and Tampa native Matt Joyce. Prior to that, the Rays also considered a trade with the Florida Marlins for corner outfielder Jeremy Hermida, but declined to make a deal. They also considered trading with the Minnesota Twins to re-acquire center fielder Delmon Young, whom they traded (along with Brendan Harris) to the Twins in the 2007–08 offseason for Matt Garza and Jason Bartlett.
The Rays signed relief pitcher Joe Nelson to a one-year, $1.3-million deal on December 30.
The Rays had discussions with free agents for a designated hitter, including Jason Giambi, Bobby Abreu and Milton Bradley. They also considered re-signing Baldelli as a full-time DH. However, on January 5, 2009, they signed ex-Phillie left fielder Pat Burrell to a two-year deal worth $16 million.
On January 12, outfielder Gabe Kapler was signed to a one-year, $1-million deal.
On February 17, free agent infielder Adam Kennedy was signed to a minor-league contract and invited to spring training.
The only player who was eligible for salary arbitration that went to a hearing was catcher Dioner Navarro. He lost his hearing on February 10, and was given $2.1 million for 2009; he sought $2.5 million. Two players avoided arbitration: shortstop Jason Bartlett, who signed a one-year contract just short of $2 million on January 20; and Willy Aybar, who signed a two-year deal with an option for 2011 worth up to $4.5 million on February 18.
Matt Garza, Andy Sonnanstine and B. J. Upton all had their contracts renewed, and the Rays signed 15 other players on February 25.
At the end of spring training, starting pitcher Jason Hammel was traded to the Colorado Rockies for pitching prospect Aneury Rodríguez. Jeff Niemann joined James Shields, Scott Kazmir, Matt Garza and Andy Sonnanstine in the starting rotation to begin the season, as David Price was optioned to Triple-A Durham.
Organizational changes.
Quality control coach Tim Bogar was hired by the Boston Red Sox to be their first base coach. Todd Greene signed on to replace Bogar in Tampa Bay.
The Rays unveiled a new third jersey to be used in 2009, which is a dark blue shirt with the Rays logo. The color is similar to the main color of their batting practice jersey, but without the different-colored panels on the sides. The manta ray logo will not appear on the alternate jersey.
The team's spring training operations will move from St. Petersburg to the rebuilt Charlotte County Stadium in Port Charlotte. Previously, they used Al Lang Field in St. Petersburg for spring training, and the Vince Naimoli Sports Complex for extended spring training.
Charlotte County Stadium will also be home of their Advanced-A Florida State League minor league franchise, the former "Vero Beach Devil Rays", who will be renamed to the Charlotte Stone Crabs. In addition, their regular Class A franchise in the South Atlantic League will move from Columbus, Georgia, to Bowling Green, Kentucky, and become the Bowling Green Hot Rods. Their Appalachian League Rookie-class team, previously known as the "Princeton Devil Rays", will become known as the Princeton Rays, excising the "Devil" from the name and adopting the team colors and typeface after previously using the green-based color scheme from 2001, and the original typeface from 1998. The only minor league teams that will not change are the Double-A Montgomery Biscuits and the Short-A Hudson Valley Renegades.
The Rays will also open a second Rookie-class team in the Gulf Coast League, the Gulf Coast Rays, which will also play at Charlotte County Stadium.
Media changes.
Fox Sports Florida will take over the entire television contract, the beginning of an eight-year exclusive contract, and will broadcast 75 games, with another 75 games broadcast on sister network Sun Sports. It is unknown how much of the schedule will be broadcast in HD. Some cable networks have not begun to air games that are on Sun Sports, because of a disagreement on what fees the networks will pay the station for the games. The companies still in dispute will not broadcast games airing on Sun Sports.
Dewayne Staats returned as the play-by-play announcer, but Joe Magrane moved to MLB Network. On February 16, it was made official that Kevin Kennedy would split time in the booth with Brian Anderson, as well as Todd Kalas, who is currently the Rays' pre-, post- and in-game host.
At least five games will appear as Saturday afternoon games nationally on MLB on Fox: May 9 at Boston, May 16 hosting Cleveland, May 30 hosting Minnesota, June 20 at the New York Mets, and August 29 at Detroit. The May 10 game at Boston aired on ESPN's Sunday Night Baseball, just the second time the Rays appeared on the premier primetime package. More games may be moved to national coverage during the season. The season opener at Boston on April 6 was scheduled to air on ESPN, but was postponed to the next day, April 7, and the rescheduled game was not picked up by ESPN. The July 5 game at Texas aired on ESPN's Sunday Night Baseball.
620 WDAE was announced as the new radio flagship. Sister station 1250 WHNZ had been the previous flagship station since 2005, but WDAE aired some Monday night games in 2008. Andy Freed and Dave Wills will return to do play-by-play with Rich Herrera serving as pre- and post-game host. All three will be in their fifth season with the team, after replacing the team's original radio announcers, Paul Olden and Charlie Slowes, after the 2004 season.
Regular season.
April.
The Rays began their American League title defense on the road against division rival Boston. Before a pitch was even thrown, the Rays already had a franchise first. Their scheduled Opening Day was postponed due to inclement weather, making it the first time that the first game of the season for the Rays had been postponed. After dropping the rescheduled season opener the following day, the Rays ended up winning the next two games of the series. This was the first opening series win for the Rays since 2002, when they swept the Detroit Tigers in a 3-game set.
The Rays came home after splitting their first two series, opening Tropicana Field against the New York Yankees, and raising their American League East and AL Championship banners on April 13. B. J. Upton returned to the team having started the season on the disabled list. There was also a moment of silence held for Harry Kalas, Phillies radio announcer and father of Rays television analyst Todd Kalas, who died earlier in the day. The Rays won their home opener, 15–5.
Matt Garza lost a bid for a perfect game in the 7th inning against the Boston Red Sox when Jacoby Ellsbury hit an infield single. Retiring the first 18 batters, this was the furthest any Ray pitcher had taken a perfect game, as well as the first time any Ray pitcher had retired 18 batters consecutively.
Evan Longoria, with a .369 batting average, 6 home runs, a tie for the American League lead in RBI with 24, and a slugging percentage of .714, was awarded with the Player of the Month award for the American League. This was the first time a member of the Rays had won the award.
The Rays finished the month 9–14, and were 5½ games behind first place. They had not won a series since the opening series in Boston. Their longest win streak was two, which occurred twice.
May.
On May 3, Carl Crawford set a team record and tied a modern day league record with six stolen bases. The last player to steal six bases was Eric Young while he was a member of the Colorado Rockies on June 30, 1996. It was only the fifth time since 1912 that a player had stolen that many bases, which was also the last year it had happened in the American League. After the game Crawford stated that he didn't know he had tied a record, or else he would have made an attempt for seven.
On May 15, the Rays trailed the Cleveland Indians 7–0 after the top of the 4th inning, but would rally to score eight unanswered runs over the remainder of the game to win, capped off by a walk-off home run by B. J. Upton to lead off the bottom of the 9th inning. At the time, this was the largest come from behind win in franchise history, but remains the largest deficit overcome at home. Previously, the Rays had never won a game in which they had trailed by at least seven runs. They had come back from a six run deficit on five occasions.
Prior to a game against the Cleveland Indians on May 17, Rays manager Joe Maddon incorrectly filled out a lineup card that listed Evan Longoria and Ben Zobrist both as the third baseman. As the plan was to have Zobrist play the position at third base and have Longoria as the designated hitter, having them both as the third baseman left the Rays without a player listed as the designated hitter in their official lineup card. As stated in part of Rule 6.10(b) in the official rulebook of the league, "It is not mandatory that a club designate a hitter for the pitcher, but failure to do so prior to the game precludes the use of a Designated Hitter for that game." Indians manager Eric Wedge brought the error to the attention of the umpires at the beginning of the bottom of the first inning. Because there was no designated hitter, and since Zobrist had already taken the field as the third baseman, the Rays would have to use starting pitcher Andy Sonnanstine as the third batter in the lineup where Longoria would normally bat. Longoria would enter the game later, in the seventh inning as a triple-switch when Sonnanstine was relieved from the game, moving Zobrist to right field in place of Gabe Kapler and shifting the pitcher's spot to seventh. Almost a week after the game, MLB umpiring vice president Mike Port stated that the umpires were wrong in allowing Longoria to come into the game at any point after it began. The Rays ultimately won the game, 7–5. Sonnanstine went 1-for-3 with an RBI double.
On May 22, the Rays placed Troy Percival and Scott Kazmir on the 15-day disabled list, and called up infielder Reid Brignac and relief pitcher Dale Thayer. The move left the Rays with four starting pitchers, suggesting another move may be made later on to fill the vacant starting role later on.
The Rays lost starting second baseman Akinori Iwamura for the season to a leg injury that occurred on May 24 against the Florida Marlins. While Iwamura was making an effort to turn a double play, Marlins infielder Chris Coghlan awkwardly slid into Iwamura's leg in an attempt to disrupt the throw to first base. Iwamura fell to the ground and had to be taken off the field on a cart. The next day after an MRI, it was announced that he suffered a torn ACL, "involvement" on the MCL, in addition to torn ligaments in his ankle. Even before the announcement was made, hopes of a speedy recovery were not promising, as Iwamura was seen around the clubhouse on crutches "saying goodbye", and as Rays shortstop Jason Bartlett put it, "From what I heard, he's not going to be back soon." Bartlett himself would be put on the disabled list one day later, with a sprained ankle.
David Price, the team's first overall pick in the 2007 MLB Draft, made his season debut on the road against the Cleveland Indians on May 25. After 100 pitches in 3⅓ innings, Price was taken out of the game.
On the same night as Price's first start of the 2009 season, the Rays jumped out to a 10–0 lead over the Indians, but were unable to win the game, as their opponents rallied for 11 unanswered runs. The Rays allowed 7 runs to cross the plate in the bottom of the 9th inning, ended by a walk-off 2-run single by Víctor Martínez. The Indians scored their last five runs with two outs, as the game's last six batters reached base. This having been the first of a 4-game set for the Rays on the road, the Indians eventually won every game in the series, extending the Rays' losing streak for road games against Cleveland to 17 games. The last time the Rays won in Cleveland was September 28, 2005.
At the end of May, the Rays were 25–28, 4th place in the division, and 5½ games out of first place. They were 5 games behind first place for the Wild Card.
June.
On June 22, Akinori Iwamura underwent surgery to repair the injuries suffered the month before. It was discovered that his ACL was only partially torn, meaning he would not require reconstructive surgery. Instead, an arthroscopic surgery was performed, and a report on the successful operation stated that he could return in 6–8 weeks.
On June 28, the Rays became the fastest team to hit 100 home runs and steal 100 bases in a single season, needing only 77 games. They were the fifth to do it before the all-star break, and the first since the Florida Marlins in 2003 to do so.
The Rays would go 19–7 in the month, improving their overall record to 44–35, and riding a seven-game winning streak into July. They set a new franchise record for home runs in one month with 41. While not having gained much ground on the division lead, finishing the month 4 games behind, in the wild card race, they went into July only 1½ games behind.
Carlos Peña led the American League in home runs at the end of June with 23, which was third best in the entire league.
For the second time in the season, a Rays player was named the American League's Player of the Month. B. J. Upton, with a .324 batting average, 5 home runs, 22 RBI, 10 doubles, a .562 slugging percentage, a .395 on-base percentage, and league best 14 stolen bases, won the award this time.
July.
Unfortunately the Rays' winning streak did not carry over into the next month. They lost their first four games in July, including being swept on the road by the Texas Rangers, and did not win until their first home game of the month. By the All-Star break, the Rays were 48–41. They were 6½ games behind first place in the division, and 3½ behind for the Wild Card.
Four Rays were selected to make the All-Star Game. Evan Longoria, after having to rely on the All-Star Final Vote to take the final spot on the roster in his rookie year in 2008, was elected as the starting 3rd baseman by the fans. Longoria had the third highest votes out of players in the American League, but did not participate in the game due to an infection in his finger. Making the All-Star roster by means of player voting, was Carl Crawford, his third selection, and Jason Bartlett, his first selection. As manager of the American League champions in the previous season's World Series, Joe Maddon automatically became a manager of the American League All-Stars. Part of his job as manager was to select players for the team after the fans and players voted. One of Maddon's selections was the Rays' own Ben Zobrist, which was his first selection to the midsummer classic.
The Rays would send a fifth player, making it the most they had ever sent to one All-Star Game, which was a record that had been set the previous season. Carlos Peña, who had never been to the All-Star Game, was a nominee for the All-Star Final Vote, a process in which fans choose one of five players in each league to take the final roster spots on the All-Star squads. Voting began after the initial All-Star rosters were announced. To help garner votes for Peña, the Rays started the "Vote for 'Los" campaign, having t-shirts made with Peña's face on them which players wore during batting practice. The Rays asked fans to bring their laptop computers to Tropicana Field and vote online during the game, as well as using advertisements, online commercials, fliers, merchandise, and even a video message from comedian Rob Schneider. Despite all efforts, Peña would ultimately finish fourth in the voting. Brandon Inge of the Detroit Tigers received the most votes to get the last remaining spot. Even though he didn't win, Peña said he was flattered and humbled to see how many were in support of him to make the All-Star Game. Peña would eventually make the team anyway as a replacement to Dustin Pedroia, who would have been the starting 2nd baseman, as he pulled out due to a "serious family health matter" involving his wife.
Peña would also take part in the Home Run Derby. In the first round, he hit 5 home runs, good enough for fourth place. Two other participants would do the same, and so a "swing-off" was needed to determine who would advance to the next round. In the tiebreaker, Peña would only hit one home run, and was eliminated after Albert Pujols hit two.
Crawford was named MVP of the All-Star Game, for taking a home run away from Brad Hawpe in the bottom of the 7th inning. Had Crawford not made the catch, Hawpe would have broken a 3–3 tie in favor of the National League. Crawford's grab turned out to be a major factor in the game, as the American League would go on to win 4–3.
On July 23, Mark Buehrle of the Chicago White Sox threw a perfect game against the Rays. It was only the eighteenth example of a perfect game in Major League Baseball history.
On the road against the Toronto Blue Jays on July 25, the Rays were down 8–0 after four innings, and losing 9–1 entering the 7th inning. However the Rays would score eight runs over the next 3 innings to tie the game, including two solo home runs in the 9th inning. The game would enter extra innings, where the Rays would take a one-run lead into the bottom of the 12th inning. Joe Nelson would come in to pitch as the Rays' last remaining relief pitcher available. The Blue Jays would load the bases with one out, but could not capitalize. This became the largest come from behind win in franchise history for the Rays, a record previously set earlier in the season.
Finishing the month with an even 12–12 record, the Rays had an overall record of 56–47. Even with the fifth-most wins in the American League, they were 6 games behind for the lead in the division, and 4½ games behind for the wild card. They made no big moves on the July 31 trade deadline, though they were rumored to be interested in several players, including Victor Martinez and Cliff Lee of the Indians. Ultimately, Martinez would be traded to Boston, while Lee was sent to Philadelphia.
August.
On August 7, the Rays acquired catcher Gregg Zaun from the Baltimore Orioles for a player to be named later. To make room for Zaun, the Rays designated another catcher, Michel Hernández.
On August 29, the Rays sent starting pitcher Scott Kazmir to the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim in exchange for two minor league prospects and a player to be named later. Initially, there was confusion about whether or not a deal had been made, or if it had been in the works before falling through. Kazmir himself said he knew nothing about a trade, asking reporters who were questioning him if they were joking. The Rays would not confirm that a trade was being made, but a leak to the news by the Angels reportedly almost led the Rays to call it off because of their policy to notify the player first. The websites for ESPN and MLB reported in the afternoon that the trade had been completed, however MLB took down their report and replaced it with a story stating that the trade would not occur. Kazmir was in uniform for the Rays that night as they played the Detroit Tigers, but was not the starting pitcher in the game. After the conclusion of the game, it was confirmed by the Rays that Kazmir had been dealt. Drafted by the New York Mets, the Rays acquired Kazmir in a trade considered to be one of the best in franchise history. In his six seasons with the Rays, Kazmir became the club's all-time leader in wins, strikeouts, and games started. He was also the team's record holder for ERA and strikeouts in a single season. In 2007, Kazmir led the majors in strikeouts with 239. He was also a two-time all-star, and the winning pitcher in the 2008 All-Star Game. Andrew Friedman, the Rays' Executive Vice President of Baseball Operations, said that Kazmir's contract was not the primary reason that he was traded, but was an element in the decision.
A day after the Kazmir trade, the Rays activated Akinori Iwamura from the disabled list.
Going 15–12 for the month, the Rays had a 71–59 record overall, assuring themselves of having at least the second best season in franchise history. The Rays had fallen behind the New York Yankees for the division lead by 11½ games, but were still within reach of the wild card, trailing the Boston Red Sox by only 5 games.
September/October.
When rosters expanded on the first day of September, the Rays called up four players. Relief pitcher Jeff Bennett, outfielder Fernando Perez, catcher Shawn Riggans, and starting pitcher Andy Sonnanstine, with Sonnanstine scheduled to start for the Rays that night.
The Rays were struggling to keep up in the wild card race, but took a blow to their lineup on September 7 when Carlos Peña, who was leading the American League in home runs, was hit on his fingers by a pitch during the first game of a doubleheader. It wasn't until after that first game that the Rays announced Peña had two fractured fingers and would be out for the remainder of the season. Peña said that it was a wonder that he didn't pass out from the pain of taking a fastball to the fingers, and that the X-ray of his middle finger looked like "a pencil snapped in half", but upon the realization of having to miss the rest of the year, "hurt more than the hit by pitch itself."
If losing Peña wasn't bad enough for the Rays, their losing streak at the time reached 11 games before it was snapped, although they never fell below a .500 record. On September 22, the Rays were officially eliminated from postseason contention, but would still finish with the second winning season in team history, winning their 82nd game of the season on September 30. They went 11–17 in the month of September.
B. J. Upton became the first player in franchise history to hit for the cycle, doing so on October 2, against the New York Yankees. Upton hit a triple, a double, a home run, and a single, in that order, all before five innings were completed. He would later add another single to finish the night 5 for 5 with a career high 6 RBIs.
Though they were not successful in defending the division and league championships won in 2008, the Rays did finish the season 3rd place in the AL East with an 84–78 record. Average attendance, as well as overall attendance at Tropicana Field increased again to become the highest since their inaugural season in .
Evan Longoria was given a Gold Glove award for third base in the American League on November 10. Longoria, who was the AL's 2008 Rookie of the Year, became the second player in Rays history to win a gold glove after first baseman Carlos Peña, who won in 2008.
Player stats.
"Statistics as of April 24, 2009"
Batting.
"Note: G = Games played; AB = At Bats; R = Runs scored; H = Hits; 2B = Doubles; 3B = Triples; HR = Home Runs; RBI = Runs Batted In; AVG = Batting average; SB = Stolen Bases"
Pitching.
"Note: W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; G = Games pitched; GS = Games started; SV = Saves; IP = Innings pitched; H = Hits allowed; R = Runs allowed; ER = Earned runs allowed; BB = Walks allowed; K = Strikeouts" 
Farm system.
LEAGUE CHAMPIONS: Durham

</doc>
<doc id="19598190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598190" title="Tony Hibbert (musician)">
Tony Hibbert (musician)

Tony Hibbert (born 6 December 1956) is an English musician who played bass guitar in the synthpop band, New Musik, from 1977 to 1981. He was born in Tooting, London.
He played with New Musik on the albums "From A to B" (1980) and "Anywhere" (1981), but later retired from the music industry. After his leaving, there was not a bass guitar used on the New Musik's third and final album, "Warp".
In 1980, he played on Bruce Cockburn's album, "Humans".

</doc>
<doc id="19598203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598203" title="Occupational apartheid">
Occupational apartheid

Occupational apartheid is the concept in occupational therapy that different individuals, groups and communities can be deprived of meaningful and purposeful activity through segregation due to social, political, economical factors and for social status reasons. 
Occupational apartheid may occur due to race, disability, age, gender, sexuality, religious preference, political preference, and creed. The health and wellbeing of these individuals, groups and communities is compromised through the deprivation of meaningful and purposeful activities. 
In the light of day to day existence, every individual should be of equal status, no matter what their economic, political, health or social status. Occupational apartheid explains the reality that some people may be occupationally more equal than others. 

</doc>
<doc id="19598205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598205" title="2009 Toronto Blue Jays season">
2009 Toronto Blue Jays season

The 2009 Toronto Blue Jays season was the franchise's 33rd in Major League Baseball, and the 20th full season of play at the Rogers Centre. The team was managed by Cito Gaston, who was hired by the team midway through the 2008 season. General Manager J. P. Ricciardi was fired on the penultimate day of the season, as the team again failed to make the playoffs. He was replaced by Assistant General Manager Alex Anthopoulos.
The team started the season well, and was in first place in the American League East with a 27–14 record. The team was swept by the Red Sox at Fenway Park from May 19 to 21, the first of nine straight losses that ultimately led to a disappointing season with a record of 75–87, 28 games behind the division lead, and 20 games behind the wild card spot. It was the first time that Toronto had finished with a losing record since 2005, when they finished 80–82.
Offseason.
Front office reorganization.
Ted Rogers, the founder of Rogers Communications and the Blue Jays' owner, died at the age of 75 on December 2, 2008, at his home in Toronto. Rogers purchased the Blue Jays in 2000, hoping to lead the franchise to its first playoff berth since the club last won the World Series in 1993. The team continues to be owned and operated by Rogers Blue Jays Baseball Partnership, a division of Rogers Communications.
Prior to Rogers' death, the team named Paul Beeston as interim president of baseball operations and chief operating officer replacing retiring president Paul Godfrey. The first employee in Toronto Blue Jays history, Beeston served in the same capacity with the organization from 1989 to 1997. Soon after being introduced on October 14, 2008, Beeston began a significant reorganization of the baseball operations of the club. In the wake of the global financial crisis and the loss of advertising revenue, the team let go of several employees from its media division on December 2.
On January 21, 2009, assistant general manager Bart Given was also dismissed to keep "costs down" for the upcoming season according to the team.
Additions were made to the scouting department, including the hiring of pro scouts Roy Smith, Steve Springer and four others.
Player transactions.
The most significant change from the 2008 team was the departure of pitcher A. J. Burnett, who filed for free agency and signed a contract with the New York Yankees. Shaun Marcum (elbow), Casey Janssen (shoulder) and Dustin McGowan (labrum) started the season on the disabled list. Janssen has since returned, Getting a loss in his season debut vs the Braves, which the Jays lost 4-3.
Retentions.
For the twelfth consecutive season the organization avoided going to an arbitration hearing, re-signing the five arbitration eligible players on the team. The team and relievers Brandon League (one year/$640K), Jeremy Accardo (one year/$900K), Jason Frasor (one year/$1.45M), Brian Tallet (one year/$1.025M) and Shawn Camp (one year/$750K) along with infielder José Bautista (one year/$2.4M) all came to terms.
The team also picked up the club option held on catcher Rod Barajas.
Departures.
On November 5, 2008, pitcher A. J. Burnett opted out of the remaining two years of his five-year contract, ending months of speculation that the starter was planning to leave Toronto. Burnett, who in 2008 led the team in strikeouts and won 18 games, went on to sign with the division rival New York Yankees on December 18.
None of the five major league free agents from the Blue Jays' 2008 roster were tendered contracts. Catcher Gregg Zaun ended his five-year tenure in Toronto and signed a one-year deal with the rival Baltimore Orioles. Outfielder Brad Wilkerson (Boston), relief pitcher John Parrish (Orioles), and infielder Héctor Luna (Los Angeles (NL)) all signed minor league contracts elsewhere, while outfielder Kevin Mench signed a one-year deal with the Hanshin Tigers of Japan's Nippon League.
Minor league pitching prospect Jean Machi, who had been on the forty-man roster, was also released by the club in November.
Another major departure, third baseman Scott Rolen, was traded to the Cincinnati Reds for personal reasons.
Arrivals.
The Blue Jays, faced with financial hardships, the fall of the Canadian dollar against the American dollar and a smaller budget, did not opt to make any major impact moves. Towards the end of spring training, they did however sign Kevin Millar to a one-year deal. Millar is known as a solid player to have in the clubhouse and would find time playing the DH and utility infield.
However, with the trade of Scott Rolen to the Cincinnati Reds, the Blue Jays welcomed infielder Edwin Encarnación, relief pitcher Josh Roenicke and a minor league pitching prospect.
Pitchers.
Two starters recovering from major shoulder surgery would have an opportunity to claim rotation slots with the club coming out of spring training. Former All-Star starter Matt Clement, who spent an injury riddled 2008 season with St. Louis was signed on December 12. Left-handed starter Mike Maroth, who last pitched in the majors in 2007 with St. Louis, was inked to a minor league deal on December 30.
Two former first overall draft picks were also acquired by the club. 2002 top selection Bryan Bullington was claimed off waivers from Cleveland in October. The Jays also traded for 2004 number one choice Matt Bush in February. Bush had previously been in the Padres organisation.
The team imported fourteen-year Nippon League veteran Ken Takahashi from Japan. Toronto claimed southpaw Brian Burres (Baltimore), and reliever T. J. Beam (Pittsburgh) off waivers. The club also re-signed Dirk Hayhurst in February, days after releasing the former waiver claim.
Position players.
Former silver slugging catcher Michael Barrett and infielder Kevin Millar were among the prominent additions to the team offensively. Barrett, who missed much of his 2008 season with the Padres due to a facial fracture, is a top candidate to be the Blue Jays backup catcher. Millar, who spent the previous three seasons with Baltimore and hit twenty home runs in 2008, will have an opportunity for a bench or platoon role with the Jays.
In January, the team signed outfielder Jason Lane (Boston) and infielder Brandon Fahey (Baltimore) to minor league deals. In December, the team inked catcher Raúl Chávez (Pittsburgh) and designated hitter Randy Ruiz (Minnesota). In October the club announced it signed former Orioles pitcher Adam Loewen and will attempt to convert him to a first baseman.
Injuries.
Starter Shaun Marcum was lost for the 2009 season when he underwent Tommy John surgery in the fall of 2008. The right-hander went under the knife to repair ligaments in his pitching elbow, and is tentatively expected to be back for the Jays' 2010 spring training.
Pitcher Casey Janssen who missed all of 2008 due to shoulder problems was expected to compete for a rotation spot, but was put on the 15-day disabled list just before the season began. Starter Dustin McGowan who is recovering from right labrum surgery is expected to rejoin the club sometime in May.
On April 23, the Blue Jays placed starting pitcher Ricky Romero and closer B. J. Ryan on the 15-day disabled list. Romero was suffering from a right oblique strain, while Ryan was sent to see a specialist for a tight left trapezius muscle. Ryan has since returned, but not as the closer.
On June 9, it was announced that Jesse Litsch will undergo season-ending ligament replacement ("Tommy John") surgery.
Broadcasts.
The Jays' flagship station for radio is The FAN 590, which has all 162 regular season games. Jerry Howarth and Alan Ashby will call all 162, with Mike Wilner being the third personality. Mike will also host the pregame and postgame show for each game, as long as there is time for it before/after. The Blue Jays' flagship TV station is Rogers Sportsnet, which is airing over 100 games in 2009 for the Jays. The two other stations are both in the TSN network, TSN and TSN2. TSN has coverage starting after they are done with NHL on TSN (during the Stanley Cup Finals, coverage usually starts). From May 19–21, the two Jays stations were occupied with hockey and TSN2 airs the Jays in TSN's place. With Sportsnet taking care of the annual Memorial Cup, and TSN covering the NHL conference finals, TSN2 was open, and took in at the time, the biggest series of the Jays' young season. Rod Black and Pat Tabler did not cover this series though, TSN2 broadcast NESN coverage. TSN2 had the September 13 game versus the Tigers and will air the Jays home closer versus the Mariners on September 27. Untelevised games can be seen on JaysVision on Rogers Cable (digital only). Otherwise, the viewer must subscribe to MLB Extra Innings, which gets the feed from the opposing team's station. MLB Extra Innings is available on satellite and digital cable.
Regular season.
Season summary.
The Jays began the year with a schedule that had them playing teams from the Central and the West divisions for 24 games in April. Adam Lind slugged out an opening day record 6 RBI, and the Jays pummeled the Tigers, giving Roy Halladay the win. They went on to win the first 6 series of the season, and finished April with a 15-9 record, tied with the Red Sox for first in the AL East.
The first game against the New York Yankees occurred on May 12, in a marquee matchup of Roy Halladay versus former teammate A. J. Burnett. Not only did the Jays win 5-1, but Halladay recorded his first complete game of the season, while giving Burnett his first loss on the year. The Jays drew a crowd of 43,737 fans. This was the first non-home opener Rogers Centre sell out since July 22 of the previous year against the Yankees, drawing a crowd of 50,014. However, the remaining two games of the 2009series were won by the Yankees, making this the first series lost by the Jays at home that season. They followed this with a series sweep of the Chicago White Sox, at which time the Jays had the best record (27-14) in the American League, but this was followed by a disastrous road trip to Boston, Atlanta and Baltimore during which the Jays lost 9 straight games, tying their longest away-game losing streak since a nine-game run in May 2007. This left the Jays at 27-23, behind Boston and the Yankees by 1.5 games. The Blue Jays then bounced back, taking two out of three from Boston, and had some more considerable successes, most notably a three-game road sweep of the Philadelphia Phillies. However, they never again held a playoff position, and gradually faded out of the picture: they were out of contention by the All-Star break, and were never able to mount any sort of charge reminiscent of 2008's 10-game winning streak to get back in the race.
Roy Halladay and Aaron Hill were named to the American League All-Star team. Halladay was the starting pitcher, and Hill started the game at second base.
Firing of J. P. Ricciardi.
On October 3, the J. P. Ricciardi era ended in Toronto. When he took over in 2002, he guaranteed a playoff berth; the Jays never even came close to a playoffs berth, never finishing better than 10 games behind the top of the division during Ricciardi's reign. After a promising start to 2009, the Jays faltered, and Ricciardi publicized the topic of a Roy Halladay trade, which many Jays fans disapproved. Allegedly, Ricciardi told Ken Rosenthal of Fox Sports a day before the firing, in which some Blue Jays players spok critically about Cito Gaston. A day later, Paul Beeston reportedly found out about Ricciardi leaking the information to the media, and promptly fired him. Assistant GM Alex Anthopoulos took over immediately.
2009 draft picks.
"Source"
The 2009 MLB Draft was held on June 9–11. The Blue Jays had a first round pick, along with one compensation pick. The Blue Jays also had two picks in the third round.
Player stats.
Batting.
"Note: G = Games played; AB = At Bats; R = Runs scored; H = Hits; 2B = Doubles; 3B = Triples; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in; AVG = Batting average; SB = Stolen bases"
. Excludes batting by pitchers (interleague games).
Pitching.
"Note: W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; G = Games pitched; GS = Games started; SV = Saves; IP = Innings pitched; H = Hits allowed; R = Runs allowed; ER = Earned runs allowed; BB = Walks allowed; K = Strikeouts" 
Updated through July 21, 2009.
Honours and awards.
All-Star Game
Awards

</doc>
<doc id="19598227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598227" title="Cleveland Indians minor league players">
Cleveland Indians minor league players

Below is a partial list of minor league baseball players in the Cleveland Indians system.
Austin Adams.
Austin David Adams (born August 19, 1986) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Cleveland Indians organization. Attended Stanhope Elmore High School in Millbrook, Alabama.
Adams attended Faulkner University before he was selected by the Indians in the 2009 MLB Draft. The Indians added him to their 40-man roster after the 2013 season.
Jesús Aguilar.
Jesús Alexander Aguilar (born June 30, 1990) is a Venezuelan professional baseball player in the Cleveland Indians organization.
Aguilar hit 23 home runs during the 2011 season. He and Francisco Lindor represented the Indians in the 2012 All-Star Futures Game. The Indians invited Aguilar to spring training in 2013 as a non-roster invitee.
Playing for the Akron Aeros of the Class AA Eastern League in 2013, Aguilar had a .275 batting average, 28 doubles, 16 home runs, and 105 runs batted in (RBIs), setting an Akron franchise record in RBIs. He was added to the Indians 40-man roster on November 20, 2013.
Chun-Hsiu Chen.
Chun-Hsiu Chen (born November 1, 1988) is a minor league catcher in the Cleveland Indians organization.
Chen played in the 2010 All-Star Futures Game.
Tim Fedroff.
Timothy Dominic Fedroff (born February 4, 1987) is an American minor league baseball outfielder in the Cleveland Indians organization.
Fedroff attended the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, where he played college baseball for the North Carolina Tar Heels. The Indians drafted Fedroff in the 7th round of the 2008 MLB Draft. They added him to their 40-man roster after the 2012 season. He won the Lou Boudreau Award, the Indians organization's minor league player of the year for 2012. 
Erik González.
Erik González (born August 31, 1991) is a Dominican professional baseball infielder for the Cleveland Indians organization.
After the 2013 season, MiLB.com named González the best third baseman in the Indians minor league system. He was added to the Indians' 40-man roster following the season.
Trey Haley.
Curtis Richard "Trey" Haley (born June 21, 1990) is an American minor league baseball pitcher in the Cleveland Indians organization.
Haley committed to attend Rice University, where he intended to play college baseball for the Rice Owls baseball team. The Indians drafted Haley in the second round, with the 76th overall selection, of the 2008 MLB Draft. He signed with Cleveland, rather than attend college. Haley pitched for the Lake County Captains of the Class A Midwest League in 2009 and 2010, but struggled with his command, as he issued too many walks.
In 2011, the Indians transitioned Haley from starting pitcher to relief pitcher. He played for Lake County and the Kinston Indians of the Class A-Advanced Carolina League, but was sidelined in June and July by a groin injury. In 2012, he pitched for the Carolina Mudcats of Carolina League and the Akron Aeros of the Class AA Eastern League, but missed time due to a groin injury and a sports hernia. They added him to their 40-man roster after the 2012 season. Haley pitched with Akron in 2013, and was designated for assignment by the Indians after the season to make room on the roster for John Axford.
Carlos Moncrief.
Carlos Moncrief (born November 3, 1988) is an American minor league baseball player for the Cleveland Indians organization.
The Indians added Moncrief to their 40-man roster after the 2013 season.
Bryan Price.
Bryan Price (born November 13, 1986) is a professional baseball pitcher in the Cleveland Indians organization. He was added to the teams 40-man roster on November 20, 2013.
Price was drafted by the Boston Red Sox in the first round of the 2008 Major League Baseball Draft out of Rice University. He was traded from the Red Sox to the Cleveland Indians for Víctor Martínez on July 31, 2009.
Robert Whitenack.
Robert John Whitenack (born November 20, 1988) is an American professional baseball pitcher.
The Chicago Cubs selected Whitenack in the eighth round of the 2009 MLB Draft. The Cubs added Whitenack to their 40-man roster after the 2012 season. Whitenack was designated for assignment and claimed by the Cleveland Indians off waivers on April 3, 2013. On April 9, Whitenack was designated for assignment by the Indians.
Full Triple-A to Rookie League rosters.
Below are the rosters of the minor league affiliates of the Cleveland Indians.

</doc>
<doc id="19598228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598228" title="Arctostaphylos virgata">
Arctostaphylos virgata

Arctostaphylos virgata is a species of manzanita known by the common names Bolinas manzanita and Marin manzanita.
Distribution.
It is endemic to Marin County, California, where it is known from only about 20 occurrences in the forests and chaparral of the coastal hills. It is a dominant shrub in some spots in the maritime chaparral plant community at Point Reyes National Seashore. Like many other species in this type of plant community, it is dependent on wildfire and its survival is threatened by fire suppression.
Description.
"Arctostaphylos virgata" is a large shrub, reaching at least two meters tall and known to exceed 5 meters in height, becoming treelike. Its twisted branches are covered in deep red bark. The smaller twigs are coated in woolly fibers and studded with glandular bristles which exude sticky resins. The shiny green leaves are rough and sticky in texture, oval to widely lance-shaped, and up to 5 centimeters long. The inflorescence is a dense cluster of urn-shaped manzanita flowers. The fruit is a sticky, bristly drupe about 7 centimeters wide.

</doc>
<doc id="19598265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598265" title="China national under-17 football team">
China national under-17 football team

The China national under-17 football team, also known as the China Junior Team (国少队), represents the People's Republic of China in international football competitions in the FIFA U-17 World Cup and the AFC U-16 Championship, as well as any other under-17 international football tournaments. It is governed by the Chinese Football Association.
Recent Matches.
2014 AFC U-16 Championship
Squad.
Current Squad.
Squad selected for the 2012 AFC U-16 Championship held in Iran from 22 September 2012 to 6 October 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19598271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598271" title="William Joseph Bauer">
William Joseph Bauer

William J. Bauer (born September 15, 1926) is a Judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit in Chicago.
Judge Bauer was born in Chicago, Illinois before moving with his family to Elmhurst. After serving in the U.S. Army (1945–1947), he received a Bachelor of Arts degree from Elmhurst College (1949), and a J.D. degree from DePaul University College of Law (1952).
Early in his career, he served as an Assistant State's Attorney in DuPage County, Illinois, eventually becoming First Assistant State's Attorney, and then State's Attorney in 1959. He began his judicial career in 1964, on the Circuit Court for the 18th Judicial Circuit in DuPage County, from 1964 to 1970.
After serving for a year as the U.S. Attorney for the Northern District of Illinois, he was nominated by President Richard Nixon on 14 September 1971 to a seat on the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois which was being vacated by Joseph Samuel Perry. Bauer was confirmed by the United States Senate on 8 November 1971, and received his commission two days later.
On 11 December 1974, Gerald Ford nominated Bauer to a seat on the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit vacated by Otto Kerner, Jr.. Bauer was confirmed by the Senate on 19 December 1974, receiving his commission the following day. He served as chief judge from 1986 to 1993, and assumed senior status on 31 October 1994.
Bauer married Mary Nicol (Mike to all who knew her) in 1950, and they had two daughters, Pat and Linda, and granddaughter Sidonie.
Bauer is noted for his colorful language when writing court opinions. For example, in Sea-Land Services, Inc. v Pepper Source, Judge Bauer starts the opinion with: "This spicy case finds its origin in several shipments of Jamaican sweet peppers." 941 F.2d 519 (7th Cir. 1991). In United States v. Fluker, the case begins, "This case proves the old adage, 'If something sounds too good to be true, it probably is.'" 698 F.3d 988 (7th Cir. 2012). And in a recent concurrence in the case Jackson v. Pollion, No. 12-2682, which involved the application of medical knowledge to the legal community, he wrote, “As Judge Posner points out, many lawyers decided against medical school because of lack of interest in the clinical aspects of medicine or a deeper interest in the less scientific aspects of law. I was one of those who chose law as opposed to medicine.”

</doc>
<doc id="19598296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598296" title="Meanwhile">
Meanwhile

Meanwhile may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19598302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598302" title="National Front for the Salvation of Iraq">
National Front for the Salvation of Iraq

The National Front for the Salvation of Iraq is a political party in Iraq. It developed out of the Awakening movements and is mostly made up of Sunni Muslim tribal leaders from Al-Anbar province, an ethnic Arab region.
History.
The Awakening Councils had split into three parts by 2008, with Sheikh Hatem forming the National Front for the Salvation of Iraq, and Sheikh Hamid al-Heyes forming the Anbar Salvation Council. The reason for their split from Abu Risha's Anbar Awakening Council was mostly due to Risha's close ties to the Islamist oriented and Iraqi Islamic Party affiliated Independent Gathering.
The Front was founded in 2008 in advance of the Iraqi governorate elections of 2009. Its leader is Sheikh Ali Hatim and it claims the backing of the Al-Anbar Salvation Council, the Al-Anbar Awakening Congress, and the Council of Al-Anbar sheikhs. The party did not run its own candidates for the Iraqi governorate elections of 2009, but instead supported those of the Anbar Salvation Council. In the run up to the Iraqi parliamentary elections of 2010 Hatem chose to align with the State of Law Coalition, believing the coalition represented a cross-sectarian alliance. When rumours began to circulate of a merger between the State of Law Coalition and the Iraqi National Alliance Hatem threatened to leave the State of Law Coalition were such a merger to take place.
Platform.
Hatim said their rivals in the Iraqi Accord Front contested the 2005 elections "for the sake of power" whilst Sunni Arabs kept away from elections and the government. He condemned sectarianism, saying they had defended their Shiite brothers that had sought shelter in Al-Anbar both during the Iran-Iraq War and during the "recent events" and their goal was to "crush the sectarian sedition". He said the Iraqi Islamic Party wanted to "steal the people's funds in the name of religion" and they wanted to "cut them down to size". Hatem has at other times claimed he has only entered politics to preserve the influence of his tribe; the Dulaim. At other times he has recognised the institutions of the state, and claimed that for the rule of law Tribal Sheikhs in Anbar must give up their tribal positions of power.

</doc>
<doc id="19598304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598304" title="Álvaro Gutiérrez (footballer)">
Álvaro Gutiérrez (footballer)

Álvaro Gutiérrez Pelscher (born 21 July 1968 in Montevideo) is a former Uruguayan football midfielder who played 38 times for the Uruguay national team between 1991 and 1997. He was part of the Uruguay team that won the Copa América in 1995.
Gutiérrez started his playing career in 1988 with Bella Vista. In 1990 he was part of the team that won their first and only league title. In 1992 he joined Nacional where he was part of the championship winning team in 1992.
After being part of the Copa América winning team in 1995 he was signed by Spanish team Real Valladolid where he played until 1998. He then had a short spell with Rayo Vallecano before returning to Bella Vista in 1999.
Gutiérrez played for Liverpool de Montevideo in 2000 and then returned to Spain Sporting de Gijón which was his last club.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19598329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598329" title="Arctostaphylos viridissima">
Arctostaphylos viridissima

Arctostaphylos viridissima is a species of manzanita known by the common names whitehair manzanita and McMinn's manzanita. It is endemic to Santa Cruz Island, one of the Channel Islands of California. 
"Arctostaphylos viridissima" is a shrub varying in shape and size. It may be a matted bush one metre (~3 ft) tall to a spreading treelike form over 4 metres (~12 ft) in height. Its stem and branches are covered in peeling red bark and its smaller twigs are woolly and bear long white bristles. The leaves are oval in shape, fuzzy when new and green and shiny when mature, reaching 3.5 cm. 
The inflorescence is a dense cluster of urn-shaped manzanita flowers. The fruit is a fuzzy drupe just over a centimeter wide.

</doc>
<doc id="19598331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598331" title="1878–79 Welsh Cup">
1878–79 Welsh Cup

First round.
Replay.
Oswestry receive a bye to the next round
Second round.
Newtown receive bye into next round
Third round.
Replay.
Wrexham receive bye to next round

</doc>
<doc id="19598335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598335" title="Andy Straka">
Andy Straka

Andy Straka is a Shamus Award-winning American crime novelist. His newest book, "Dragonflies: Shadow of Drones", was published May 14, 2013. Born and raised in upstate New York and a graduate of Williams College, he worked in publishing and medical sales for nearly fifteen years before turning to writing in the late 1990s. His debut private-eye novel, "A Witness Above", garnered Shamus, Anthony, and Agatha Award nominations for "Best First Novel" in 2002. "A Killing Sky" received an Anthony Award nomination in 2003, and Andy’s third book, "Cold Quarry", won a 2004 Shamus Award. His series of four full-length novels features Frank Pavlicek, a former New York City Police detective who relies in part on his red-tailed hawk to solve criminal cases. The fourth novel in the Pavlicek series, "Kitty Hitter", was called a "great read" by Library Journal. "Kitty Hitter" was re-released with a new title, "The Night Falconer", as an e-book and paperback. A fifth book featuring Pavlicek is the novella "Flightfall", and Andy is at work on another full-length novel in the series.
Andy’s inaugural non-series novel, "Record of Wrongs", was labelled "a first-rate thriller" by Mystery Scene magazine in 2008. His second non-series novel is "The Blue Hallelujah". Publishers Weekly magazine cited Andy among the "rising stars in crime fiction."
Andy also has written a short story, "Directions For Disassembly Of An Old Set Of Swings". And he recently reworked his first novel, "A Witness Above", into an edition for teenagers, including a falconry primer. Andy's interest in family stems in part from his own household: he and his wife have six children.
Andy's interests range from parenting and basketball (he was co-captain of his college team) to English and predatory birds (he is a licensed falconer). The Virginia author and former book editor discusses current events and other matters at his website, "andystraka.com", "The Hawk Writer's Guide to the Galaxy". Andy is a frequent presenter at the nearly two-decades-old "Virginia Festival of the Book", and he is a co-founder of the popular "Crime Wave" session at the annual event.

</doc>
<doc id="19598355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598355" title="Racecourse (disambiguation)">
Racecourse (disambiguation)

A racecourse is a horse racing track.
Racecourse may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19598373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598373" title="Danijel Vušković">
Danijel Vušković

Danijel Vušković (born 5 January 1981) is a Croatian footballer currently playing for NK Solin.

</doc>
<doc id="19598405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598405" title="Ragnhild Larsen">
Ragnhild Larsen

Ragnhild Elisabeth Larsen (later "Huth", March 16, 1900 – November 12, 1969) was a Norwegian diver who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.
She was born and died in Oslo.
In 1920 she was eliminated in the first round of the 10 metre platform competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19598430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598430" title="Kamenianoi">
Kamenianoi

Kamenianoi () is a mountain village and a community in the municipal unit of Aroania, Achaea, Greece. In 2001 the population was 79 for the village, and 112 for the community, which includes the village Drovolovo. It is situated in the eastern foothills of Mount Erymanthos. Kamenianoi is 2 km west of Desino, 4 km southeast of Lechouri and 17 km southwest of Kalavryta. 
History.
The name comes from the multitude of furnaces that existed here in the past. According to a myth, Hercules caught the Erymanthian Boar in the area called "Kaprivaina".

</doc>
<doc id="19598451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598451" title="William Pole-Carew">
William Pole-Carew

William Henry Pole-Carew (30 July 1811 – 20 January 1888) was a Cornish politician.
Biography.
Pole-Carew was born in Eaton Place, Marylebone in 1811. His parents were Reginald Pole-Carew and Hon. Caroline Anne Lyttelton, daughter of William Lyttelton, 1st Baron Lyttelton. He was educated at Charterhouse School from 1824 to 1828, and then at Oriel College, Oxford, gaining a BA in 1833 and an MA in 1864.
He served as Conservative Member of Parliament for East Cornwall from 1845 until 1852, and unsuccessfully contested Liskeard in 1859. He served as High Sheriff of Cornwall in 1854–1855, and as Recorder of East Looe from 1857 to 1886.
Pole-Carew joined the Canterbury Association on 3 June 1848. He was friends with John Robert Godley, and the Godley family stayed with him at Antony House while awaiting departure of the "Lady Nugent" for Lyttelton.
He was married on 28 August 1838 to Frances Anne Buller, daughter of John Buller. They had issue of 3 daughters and 4 sons, the eldest son being Lieutenant-General Sir Reginald Pole-Carew.
He died on 20 January 1888 at the Villa Poralto, Cannes.

</doc>
<doc id="19598458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598458" title="Eugene O'Sullivan (Irish politician)">
Eugene O'Sullivan (Irish politician)

Eugene O'Sullivan (1879 – 19 May 1942) was an Irish nationalist politician and farmer, who was elected Member of Parliament (MP) for East Kerry in January 1910, but was unseated on petition shortly afterwards.
O'Sullivan first stood for election to the House of Commons at the 1906 general election, when he fell only 54 votes short of unseating the sitting Irish Parliamentary Party MP, John Murphy. However, at the next election, in January 1910, O'Sullivan stood as an independent nationalist, and won the seat with a majority 489 votes (10% of the poll). Despite being elected as an independent, O'Sullivan chose to immediately join the Irish Parliamentary Party, and took his seat in the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. His ten contributions to proceedings related to land issues and old-age pensions.
The defeated member, Murphy, launched an election petition, alleging intimidation and irregularities at the election. The petition was heard in June 1910, at Killarney before Mr. Justices Madden and Kenny. After 7 days of hearings the judges found for Murphy, and O'Sullivan was unseated. However, the Nationalists failed to move the writ for a by-election, and the seat remained vacant until the December 1910 general election.
At that election, O'Sullivan's cousin, Timothy O'Sullivan, held the seat for the Irish Parliamentary Party.

</doc>
<doc id="19598488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598488" title="Oleg Șișchin">
Oleg Șișchin

Oleg Șișchin (; born 7 January 1975 in Chișinău) is a Moldovan professional footballer midfielder currently playing for Academia Chișinău in the Moldovan National Division.
Șișchin made 38 appearances for the Moldova national football team.
While playing with Russian club FC Tom Tomsk in 2006, Șișchin was named in the squad for Moldova's UEFA Euro 2008 qualifiers against Greece and Norway. He was an unused substitute in the match against Greece, a match which Moldova lost 1-0.
Șișchin made three appearances in the UEFA Champions League 2008-09 while playing for Inter Baku.
Oleg Sischin was one of the 11 Moldovan football players challenged and beaten by Tony Hawks and features in his book Playing the Moldovans at Tennis.

</doc>
<doc id="19598506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598506" title="Louise Petersen">
Louise Petersen

Lovise "Louise" Kristine Petersen (later "Riisbek", later "Brandt", April 8, 1894 – August 3, 1983) was a Danish diver who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.
She was born in Copenhagen and died in Frederiksberg.
In 1920 she was eliminated in the first round of the 10 metre platform competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19598512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598512" title="Student Chamber of the Council of Higher Education Institutions">
Student Chamber of the Council of Higher Education Institutions

In the Czech Republic the Student Chamber and the Council of Higher Education Institutes,() together with the "Czech Rectors Conference" () forms the official representation of Czech Higher Education Institutes (HEIs) on the basis of the Higher Education Act of the Czech Republic, Article 92.
Student representation in the Czech Republic.
In the Czech Republic, students of universities and colleges are represented:
Every HEI can enter the Council after paying fees for its delegates. For an HEI, three delegates may be sent to the Council, one of whom is a student. Besides that, for each part (faculty) of a respective HEI, one more delegate may be deputed.
The HEI’s delegates are elected for a three year term by its self-governing body called the academic senate (this applies mainly to public HEIs).
Internal structures.
The Council consists of the Assembly, Presidium and Closer Presidium and is headed by the Chairperson of the Council.
The Chamber’s Chairperson, its two Vice-chairpersons and two more delegates of the Chamber are automatically members of the Presidium of the Council. In the Closer Presidium elected by the Assembly of the Council, the Chamber is represented by its Chairperson or Vice-chairperson. 
The Student Chamber is active especially in substantial matters concerning different aspects of students life, students matters in general and study conditions. As far as respecting the Statute of the Council, the Student Chamber is allowed to deal under its own rules of organization, and it is authorized to create its own committees as advisory bodies.
In contemporary Chamber, there are three committees: on legislation, on social and economical affairs, and on educational and scientific activities.
Objective.
The basic goal of the Chamber is clear: to represent and defend interests of students from all public, state (military, police) and private HEIs. The Chamber approves its own Programme Declaration for each three year election term. Within the 2006-2008 term, the Chamber was to urge for diversified, quality, open, accessible and permeable higher education systems and emphasize social dimension of studies. One of the Chamber’s proposals is disallowing age discrimination related to student status (i.e. various advantages linked to student status before reaching 26 years). Another main topic is the reform of tertiary education (tuition fees, management-line governance and expansion of study opportunities).
History.
The Student Chamber itself was established due to the amendment to the Statute of the Council on 5 November 1992. Every HEI could then dispatch a student delegate to the Chamber, but these were not considered members of the Council. This changed in 1996 when the members of the Chamber became full members of the Council. The most recent changes came into force on 1 January 2006 including an increase to 5 delegates to the Presidium of the Council.
Partners.
The Chamber’s partners in discussions concerning matters of HEIs students are: the Council, Czech Rectors Conference, Parliament of the Czech Republic, the Government of the Czech Republic and its ministries (especially "Ministry of Education, Youth and Sports" - Ministerstvo školství, mládeže a tělovýchovy - MŠMT), Accreditation Commission, academic senates and organizations acting in the field of development of the academic and student community. On the international level, partners of the Chamber are also the European Union institutions, European-wide student organizations (ESU, EURODOC) and NUSs from the Visegrad group or any other NUS sharing a problem related to the situation in the Czech Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="19598538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598538" title="Anatolie Doroș">
Anatolie Doroș

Anatolie Doroș (born 21 March 1983) is a Moldovan international footballer who can play as a striker.
During the 2012 Azerbaijani winter transfer window, Doroș joined Simurq on a contract till the end of the season, with an option of an extension. 

</doc>
<doc id="19598541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598541" title="Varley O'Connor">
Varley O'Connor

Varley O'Connor is an American novelist and short story writer. She is an associate professor at Kent State University.
Biography.
Having earned a BFA in acting from Boston University, O’Connor worked for several years as an actress. She enrolled in the Programs in Writing at the University of California, Irvine, graduating with an MFA (fiction emphasis) in 1989.
O'Connor's teaching credentials include University of California at Irvine, Hofstra University, Brooklyn College, and Marymount Manhattan College. She has also taught for the North Carolina Writers’ Network and for the Squaw Valley Community of Writers’ Summer Conference.
Works.
O'Connor has published four novels, all of which have been critically acclaimed: "Like China" (William Morrow, 1991)," A Company of Three" (Algonquin Books, 2003), "The Cure," and "The Master's Muse" (Scribner, 2012). She currently teaches both fiction and nonfiction creative writing at Kent State University. O'Connor has also published a number of short stories. Her two most recent shorter publications are "Suki", and "The Empathic". The former is a memoir dating back to her undergraduate days, and the latter is a fictional account of a woman with HIV and how she struggles to put her life back together after losing both her husband and her daughter.
O'Connor's novels deal with disparate elements: domestic marital abuse in "Like China"; the struggle to balance friendship, love and success in the acting world in "A Company of Three;" the flow and complexities of relationships in an extended family, set against a background of illness and wartime life in "The Cure;" and the relationship between Tanaquil LeClercq and George Balanchine in "The Master's Muse".

</doc>
<doc id="19598544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598544" title="Brynhild Berge">
Brynhild Berge

Brynhild Berge (later "Samuelsen", September 22, 1901 – February 22, 1975) was a Norwegian diver who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.
She was born in Kristiania and died in Bodø.
In 1920 she was eliminated in the first round of the 10 metre platform competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19598569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598569" title="China women's national under-20 football team">
China women's national under-20 football team

The China women's national under-20 football team represents the People's Republic of China in international football competitions in the FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup and the AFC U-19 Women's Championship, as well as any other under-20 women's international football tournaments. It is governed by the Chinese Football Association.
Recent Matches.
Last Matches.
All times local (GMT-3) 
Current squad.
Squad for the 2008 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup
No. Name DOB Pos Clubs

</doc>
<doc id="19598599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598599" title="Alice Lord (diver)">
Alice Lord (diver)

Alice Harlekinden Lord (later "Landon", February 4, 1902 – July 13, 2000) was an American diver who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.
She was born in Philadelphia and died in Ormond Beach, Florida. She was the wife of Richmond Landon.
In 1920 she was eliminated in the first round of the 10 metre platform event, as part of the first U.S. woman's swimming team at the Olympics.
She appeared at the 1984 Los Angeles Olympics, leading the American athletes, and at age 94, carried the torch for a stint in Florida prior to the 1996 Atlanta games.

</doc>
<doc id="19598607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598607" title="Amy Redford">
Amy Redford

Amy Hart Redford (born October 22, 1970) is an American actress, director, and producer. She is the daughter of Academy Award-winning film director and actor Robert Redford and his former wife Lola Van Wagenen. She is the sister of writer/producer James Redford.
Early life.
Redford was born in 1970, the daughter of Lola Van Wagenen and Robert Redford, a film director and actor. Redford is of English and Scots-Irish ancestry. She has an older sister and older brother, Shauna and James respectively..
She received her BA in Drama/Theatre Arts in 1994 from San Francisco State University. She also attended the University of Colorado and studied theatre in London.
Career.
She has acted in such films as "Maid in Manhattan", "This Revolution", "Sunshine Cleaning" and ', "The Understudy" and on such television shows as "Sex and the City", ', and "The Sopranos". Redford directed the film "The Guitar" which premiered at the 2008 Sundance Film Festival. She also starred in the film "When I Find the Ocean".

</doc>
<doc id="19598616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598616" title="Horsfiline">
Horsfiline

Horsfiline is an oxindole alkaloid found in the plant "Horsfieldia superba", which is used in traditional herbal medicine. It has analgesic effects and has been the subject of significant research both to produce it synthetically by convenient routes, and to develop analogues and derivatives which may have improved analgesic effects.

</doc>
<doc id="19598618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598618" title="Fiesta de Locos">
Fiesta de Locos

"Fiesta de Locos" () is the fourth single by Puerto Rican Hip-Hop duo Calle 13 from their third studio album "Los de Atrás Vienen Conmigo", released originally on September 30, 2008 as a promotional single but back later it decided that was the fourth single from the album.
Inspiration.
This song is directly influenced by Emir Kusturica, whose band Calle 13 had the chance to watch live in a concert in Buenos Aires. In an interview for Spanish newspaper El País, singer Residente claims that watching the band live was enough for him to "hallucinate"; both him and his brother Visitante claimed to have the basic structure of the song written later that night at the hotel they were staying.
Lyrical content.
The song is based around two people, possibly in a mental institution, and it is like having a party of crazy people. As it seems like on the single's cover, the duo appear to be patients at a mental institution.
Music video.
The music video was part of a Calle 13 concert, filmed on April 17 at the stadium GEBA on Buenos Aires, Argentina and premiered on August 28, 2009 in music channels.

</doc>
<doc id="19598623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598623" title="Crowther railway station">
Crowther railway station

Crowther station was located on the Blayney–Demondrille railway line, New South Wales, Australia.
It was always an "a" stop in the public timetables, meaning that passenger trains only stopped if passengers wished to join or alight. No passenger train was scheduled to stop.
Construction.
The line between Young and Cowra was opened in 1886, but Crowther station was not opened until 1888 and, initially, no platform was provided. The facilities at the station at the time of opening are unknown, however a platform 45 feet (13.7 m) long was completed on 1 December 1889.
Water tank.
Crowther was located at the foot of a 5 mile (8 km) steep gradient. In the 1890s, freight trains stopped at the station to split their loads into two sections. This practice ceased about 1900 when more powerful locomotives were introduced.
Crowther Creek, situated 1 mile 17 chains (1.95 km) south of the station, was the location for the supply of water for steam locomotives. In 1888, a well was built in the creek bed and a pump, powered by a steam boiler, raised water to a 20,000 gallon (75686 litre) water tank to which was attached an 8 inch (20 cm) jib. The tank was placed out of service in 1905 following the establishment of a permanent water supply at Koorawatha.
Traffic at the station.
Crowther was the quintessential small, rural Australia station. Its primary purpose was to convey rural products from the area to Sydney. The main products loaded were bagged wheat, wool and livestock. The platform and freight facilities were placed on the western side of the line to provide the most convenient access for the local landholder(s). Stockyards were provided until 1970 and the goods siding closed about 1980.
Closure.
The passenger station closed on 6 April 1975 and it was demolished 10 years later.
Further reading.
A Brief History of Crowther Station Sharp, Stuart Australian Railway Historical Society Bulletin, May, 2000 pp172–176

</doc>
<doc id="19598644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598644" title="Flyscooters La Vie">
Flyscooters La Vie

La Vie is a street legal, gas-powered motor scooter assembled in China using parts sourced from China, Japan, Taiwan, and the United States.
The La Vie has 4-stroke air-cooled motor and gets 95-100 mpg. It is certified by the California Air Resources Board (CARB) and the United States Department of Transportation (DOT).
History and manufacturing.
La Vie is assembled in China and only available from brick and mortar dealers; it cannot be purchased online or drop shipped. The strict maintenance and care from dealers mandated by Flyscooters is argued as restricting because alterations to the La Vie may void warranty.
Colors.
La Vie comes in Sea Mist Green, Montego Red, Royal Purple and Cinnamon Brown. It is no longer available in Peruvian Gold.
Body.
La Vie has locking under seat storage, pop-out passenger foot pegs, both a side and center stand, and a locking forward compartment. It is made from scratch and dig resistant ABS material rather than fiberglass or metal. Deploying the side stand does not kill the engine which is the norm, and starting the motor cannot be accomplished until applying one of the brakes.
Riders, popularity and culture.
The demographic breakdown of La Vie riders is roughly half riders trying to go green and be eco-friendly while the other half is made up of senior citizens.
La Vie riders are active on forums, participate in community rallies, and form clubs dedicated to Flyscooters, like Scooter Squadron. Flyscooters is known for strong dealer support, dedication to customer service and encourages good will and philanthropy that range from teaming with Avon, Massachusetts fire fighters to raise money for a relief fund, to donations to Marlborough School where a the La Vie was photographed with actress Jamie Lee Curtis.

</doc>
<doc id="19598656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598656" title="Pylus (Elis)">
Pylus (Elis)

Pylus () was a city in ancient Elis. It was situated near the confluence of the rivers Pineus and Ladon. It lied on the mountain road from Olympia to Elis, 80 stades (13 km) from Elis. It was already ruined when Pausanias visited the area in the 2nd century AD. The location of Pylus has been identified with the modern village of Agrapidochori.

</doc>
<doc id="19598658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598658" title="List of colonial governors of Santo Domingo">
List of colonial governors of Santo Domingo


</doc>
<doc id="19598660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598660" title="Mark Ross">
Mark Ross

Mark Joseph Ross (born August 8, 1954) is a former professional baseball pitcher. He pitched parts of six seasons in Major League Baseball between 1982 until 1990.
Ross was originally drafted by the Houston Astros in the 7th round of the 1979 Major League Baseball Draft. After three years in their farm system, he earned a call-up in September 1982, pitching six innings over four games. He remained with the Houston organization through the end of the 1986 season, with two additional brief stints with the Astros in 1984 and 1985.
Following the 1986 season, Ross pitched in 13 more games, 10 with the Pittsburgh Pirates in 1987 and 1990, and 3 with the Toronto Blue Jays in 1989. Following the 1991, when he pitched for the Richmond Braves, Ross retired as a player. From 1996-99, Ross served as pitching coach for the Danville Braves (1996), Macon Braves (1997–98), and Jamestown Jammers (1999) in the Atlanta Braves farm system.

</doc>
<doc id="19598680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598680" title="Edith Nielsen">
Edith Nielsen

Edith Nancy Sophie Bechmann Nielsen (later "Scheffler", May 12, 1906 – November 23, 1994) was a Danish diver who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics and in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
She was born and died in Copenhagen.
In 1924 she finished fourth in the 10 metre platform competition.
Four years later she was eliminated in the first round of the 1928 10 metre platform event.

</doc>
<doc id="19598730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598730" title="Redfish Lake">
Redfish Lake

Redfish Lake is an alpine lake in central Idaho, United States, located in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area, at the base of the Sawtooth Mountains in Custer County.
It is named for the brilliant sockeye salmon that once returned from the Pacific Ocean in such massive quantities that the lake shimmered red during spawning season. However, these fish are now on the endangered species list. The north end of Redfish Lake hosts many developed recreation opportunities, including the Redfish Lake Lodge (restaurant, cabin and boat rentals) and Forest Service campgrounds, boat launch, day-use areas and a visitor center. Redfish Lake is about a mile upstream of the smaller but equally picturesque Little Redfish Lake. The easiest way to reach the highest peak in the Sawtooths, Thompson Peak, is from the Redfish Lake Trailhead.
The surface elevation of Redfish Lake is above sea level. The lake is long and wide, with a maximum depth of , and of shoreline. The actual trail around the lake is in length.
The average temperature of the lake ranges from freezing (32°F, 0°C) to a high of around 62°F (16°C) in late July & early August. In the winter the lake freezes over, with ice 30-36" (75–90 cm) thick.
The peaks which frame the lake at its south end are
Redfish Lake is approximately five miles (8 km) south of Stanley; a paved access road from State Highway 75 delivers motorists to the visitor area at the north shore of the lake.

</doc>
<doc id="19598762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598762" title="Marcelo Saralegui">
Marcelo Saralegui

Marcelo Saralegui Arregín (born May 18, 1971 in Montevideo) is a former Uruguayan football midfielder who played 33 times for the Uruguay national team between 1992 and 1997. In 1995 he was part of the Uruguay squad that won the Copa América.
Saralegui started his professional playing career in 1989 with Nacional, in 1992 he played a part in the clubs championship winning season. Later that year he joined Torino of Italy but he did not have much success there and returned to South America to play in Argentina.
His first club in Argentina was Racing Club de Avellaneda where he played one season before joining Colón de Santa Fe. He played over 100 games for Colón between 1995 and 1999.
In 1999 he joined Independiente, fierce rivals of Racing Club. In 2000 he rejoined Racing Club.
In 2001 he returned to Uruguay to play for Nacional again, and in 2001 he won his second Uruguayan championship. In the final years of his career he played for Fénix and Uruguay Montevideo.
International career.
He made his debut for Uruguay in a friendly match against Australia (2-0 win) on June 21, 1992 in the Estadio Centenario in Montevideo under coach Luis Alberto Cubilla.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19598779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598779" title="Walt Dixon">
Walt Dixon

Walter Edward Dixon (November 25, 1920 – September 25, 2003) was an American pitcher, outfielder, first baseman, coach and manager in minor league baseball. He threw and batted right-handed, stood (187 cm) tall and weighed 185 pounds (84 kg). He was a native of Chatham County, North Carolina.
Dixon attended the College of William and Mary before signing with the Boston Red Sox farm system in as a right-handed pitcher. Despite losing three seasons (1943–45) to military service during World War II, Dixon progressed as far as the Scranton Red Sox of the Class A Eastern League before his release by the Red Sox at the end of the campaign. When he returned to the game in he pitched for unaffiliated clubs in the mid-minors until he became predominantly an outfielder and first baseman in . That season — also his first as a manager — Dixon batted .368 for the Shelby Farmers of the Class D Western Carolina League. His best minor league season, however, would come in when, as the manager and first baseman of the Norton Braves of the Class D Mountain States League, he led the loop in home runs (37) and hits (194), while batting .415 and driving home 162 RBI. Incredibly, Dixon did not lead the MSL in RBI or batting, finishing behind Willie Kirkland (164 RBI) and Leo "Muscle" Shoals (.427).
In , Dixon began a 20-year-long tenure with the Chicago Cubs as a manager in their farm system. Apart from three separate stints in the Double A Texas League, Dixon usually managed in the lower minor leagues. Dixon also served as a member of the Cubs' College of Coaches in 1964 and 1965 (concurrently, he managed the Class A St. Cloud Rox and Quincy Cubs, respectively) and scouted for the club. During the 1980s, Dixon also served as an area scout for the New York Yankees based in Florence, South Carolina.
He compiled a 27-year managing record of 1,484 wins and 1,521 defeats (.484). As a minor league hitter, however, Dixon's numbers were far more formidable: a career batting average of .324 in 1,237 games, with 1,273 hits and 208 home runs, even though he was a full-time position player for only 10½ seasons.
Dixon died in Florence at the age of 82.

</doc>
<doc id="19598782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598782" title="List of Voltron characters">
List of Voltron characters

This is a list of characters from the "Voltron" series. 
Galaxy Garrison.
Lion Voltron Force (Golion Team).
In "Voltron Force", Keith is revealed to be of Arusian descent. This fact, coupled with his affection for Allura and her resignation from the Force to be the Queen of Arus, leads Keith to step down to serve Arus as its King. He passes the Black Lion pilot position to Daniel, though he takes this back in the season finale because Daniel wasn't really ready.
In "Voltron Force", Pidge continues to be the brains behind the force, developing the castle defences and upgrading and providing maintenance for the Lions. Omitting his martial arts skills. During a trip to a recreated Balto, it is revealed that it is the planet where Voltron was originally programmed long ago. Pidge later realizes that due to his constant upgrading of the castle defence systems, he is the only one who is able to use them. Because of this, Pidge steps down as Green Lion pilot, passing the honor over to Vince.
In the comics, it is revealed that Sven was leader of the team until he step down and recommended Keith to take his place.
In the "Voltron Force" episode "Ghost in the Lion" Sven returns and hijacks the Blue Lion in an effort to save his baby son from Lotor and Maahox. It's revealed that the wound he got from Haggar's cat became infected with Haggarium. As a result, he can whip up a suit of armor similar to Lotor's Haggarium armor. After he helped his former teammates rescue his baby son, Allura, and the Blue Lion from Lotor, he sends the child to Arus, but chose to remain on the ice planet of Crydor feeling his condition is too far gone.
In "Voltron Force", Allura eventually steps down as Blue Lion pilot, passing it over to her niece Larmina.
Cadets.
The three cadets are recruited by the Voltron Force to help battle evil when Lotor returns. The three cadets have a hyperactive nature at first, causing them to be burdens to the original pilots, but they gradually mature during their training. They needed to learn navigation, hand-to-hand combat, tactical combat, strategies, science, and trusting each other. The three cadets tended to work by themselves and think individually, but they begin to learn that piloting the Lions is better when they work and think as a team. It was later revealed that the three cadets were recruited to eventually replace some of the original pilots.
Vehicle Voltron Force (Rugger Team).
Air Team.
Air Team uniforms are dark blue, yellow, and white.
Sea Team.
Sea Team uniforms are navy blue and aqua.
Land Team.
Land Team uniforms are red and white.
Mecha.
Lion Voltron (Golion).
A sentient robot created by King Alfor on Arus to fight against the armies of Planet Doom. Voltron was later separated into the five Lions by Haggar. In the first season finale of "The Third Dimension", Voltron was destroyed, but recreated in the beginning of the second season, and would go on to be reconfigured into Stealth Voltron whenever he passed into another dimension. In "Voltron Force", due to Vince's mysterious powers, Voltron can reconfigure himself with a different lion to form the main body while the Black Lion becomes a limb. Additionally, Voltron can use Daniel's VoltCom powers to boost the speed of the lions, his formation sequence and himself. With Larmina's VoltCom powers, Voltron gains improved hand-to-hand combat skills and a Blazing Katana which he wields alongside his Blazing Sword.
Vehicle Voltron (Dairugger).
In the Devil's Due comic series, Vehicle Voltron was created due to the Galaxy Garrison reverse-engineering the original Voltron after abducting him from Arus under orders from a Drule spy. The machine was named "V-15" within the comics, and was first deployed after Voltron to recapture him until they received new orders to support him. Unlike the animated series, which depicted the two Voltron Forces as being family members, as with Chip and Pidge, or longstanding friends (as shown in an episode at the end of the Lion Force run and in the "" special, which brought both Voltrons together; however, the Devil's Due comic showed Keith and Jeff as having an antagonistic relationship with one another, particularly with regard to Lion Voltron's accidental "sneak attack" on Vehicle Voltron during the robots' first battle together while the Fleet of Doom special made out the two commanders as good friends.
Galaxy Alliance.
The government within the Voltron series. While some of its members help the Voltron teams, others have their own agenda.
Enemies.
Planet Doom (Galra).
The villains of the Lion "Voltron" series, ruled by King Zarkon. In the Devil's Due comic series, Planet Doom is the center of the Drule Empire as the "Kingdom of Night".
Drule Empire (Galveston).
The villains of the Vehicle "Voltron" series, who are at war with Galaxy Garrison. They are humanoids with light purple skin and red eyes
Robeasts (Deathblack/Mechblack Beastmen-Combat/Battle Machines).
Monsters used by members of Planet Doom and the Drule Empire often sent to fight the two Voltrons of the Galaxy Alliance. The Robeasts from planet Doom send to battle to Lion Force, reared in gladiatorial combat, are humanoid monsters created through a combination of superscience and Haggar's magic, usually from prisoners of war though some of them are simply giant robots piloted by Doom soldiers. The Drule Robeasts that battle the Explorer and the Vehicle Force are uniformly technology based and mostly piloted by Drule soldiers.
In "Voltron Force", a new series of Robeasts are produced by infusing Apex predators from various planets with Haggarium. The resulting creatures are biomechanical beasts with the Haggarium enabling them to normally weaken Voltron with special abilities augmenting their natural talents.
Drule Voltron.
Exclusive to "Voltron: Fleet of Doom", this evil version of Voltron is made from four robeasts and one of Lotor's Skull Ships. Armed with an Iron Mace, Lazon Rays, Scorch Beams, Iron Claw and the Blazing Scimitar (known as an ultra-weapon and the Blade of Doom). Fortunately for both Voltron Forces, this Voltron's weak point was the skull on its chest.
Dracotron.
Exclusive to "Voltron: The Third Dimension", evil counterparts to the lions based on dragons, the Dragons lived in an alternate dimension, but were so ferocious and destructive that they left it a desolate wasteland, forcing them to travel to other dimensions to steal food as well as structures within which to protect their eggs from their atmosphere. The most powerful Dragon is Black Draco, the black dragon. Five Dragons can merge to form Dracotron, an evil incarnation of Voltron with a superblast attack so strong, as indirectly stated in Third Dimension, that two blasts can destroy Voltron. In Third Dimension, the Dragons and Dracatron make multiple appearances and are destroyed each time, indicating that possibly any five Dragons can merge into a Dracotron. 
Predator Robeast.
A creation of Maahox's, the Predator Robeast is composed of five Robeasts that he send to attack the Voltron Lions in their lairs, and then later combine. Despite the best efforts of the Voltron Force team, the Predator Robeast was able to easily defeat them though Lotor has it recalled out of pride to be the one to land the final blow. Later, Lotor uses the Predator Robeast in a major battle against Voltron, but is defeated by a powered up green center Voltron. The five robeasts are:

</doc>
<doc id="19598797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598797" title="David Hardie (politician)">
David Hardie (politician)

David Hardie (ca. 1860 – 8 April 1939) was a Labour Party politician in the United Kingdom.
A younger brother of Keir Hardie, David Hardie had served in local politics for many years.
In 1931, aged about 70, he was selected to defend the Labour seat of Glasgow Rutherglen in a by-election, caused by the death of the sitting member William Wright. At the election in May 1931, Hardie narrowly held the seat by 883 votes, in a straight fight with the Conservative candidate, Herbert James Moss. He thus became one of the oldest people ever to embark on a parliamentary career.
Five months later, at the 1931 General Election, Hardie was swept aside in the landslide defeat, losing by over 5,000 votes to Moss. He never returned to Parliament and thus became one of the shortest-serving MPs of the 20th Century.

</doc>
<doc id="19598809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598809" title="An itan to violi pouli">
An itan to violi pouli

An itan to violi pouli ( "If my violin was a bird.") is a 1984 Greek film that was directed by Takis Vougiouklakis and produced by Lakis Mihalidis, starring Sotiris Moustakas.
Plot.
Lefteris Packanikanis loved his violin very much and plays anytime.

</doc>
<doc id="19598867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598867" title="Bite Club">
Bite Club

Bite Club is a Vertigo comic book mini series created by writers Howard Chaykin and David Tischman. It is essentially a crime story in which all of the protagonists are vampires living in Miami. Chaykin has said the comic was a metaphor for racial profiling and the immigrant experience. 
Plot.
After the murder of vampire crime boss Eduardo del Toro, his heirs and relatives begin to make a play for control of his organization. To their dismay, Toro in his will named his youngest son, a Roman Catholic priest and vampire named Leto, as his successor. Leto announces that his family will get out of the illegal-drug business and begin investing in legitimate industry. This endeavor earns Leto the support of Zephraim Klein, the Del Toro family "consigliere", and the enmity of his other relatives, like his siblings Eddie and Risa, and his cousin Victor. Risa later assassinates Eddie. Risa then teams up with Victor to assassinate Leto, and is successful, although Victor also dies during the attempt, and Risa takes control of the family with her girlfriend Carrie.
Risa soon finds that running the Del Toro family is not as fulfilling as she had expected. Their legitimate businesses are the subject of myriad lawsuits, and Risa herself is being investigated by the police as the suspect in a string of murders. Homicide detective Paco Macavoy develops an obsession with Risa. He confirms that Risa is innocent of the murders, and also that the Vampire Crime Unit is riddled with corruption. After discovering that it was Risa's girlfriend Carrie who did the killings, Macavoy is himself turned into a vampire. Sick of the entire affair, he abandons both the Del Toro family and his job on the police department.
Collected editions.
The two series have been collected as a trade paperback:

</doc>
<doc id="19598874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598874" title="Aultgrishan">
Aultgrishan

Aultgrishan (Gaelic: ) is a small crofting community near Gairloch, Ross-shire. It adjoins Melvaig, within Highland region and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.
Aultgrishan is reached from the main B8021 single-track B-road that forks from the A832 in Gairloch and follows the north coast of the sea loch, Loch Gairloch, travelling west through Lonemore to Big Sand, before travelling north past North Erradale through Peterburn and Aultgrishan before terminating at Melvaig. The road then becomes narrower and continues about four miles to Rua Reidh Lighthouse.

</doc>
<doc id="19598912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598912" title="Thomas Bryan (Chief Justice)">
Thomas Bryan (Chief Justice)

Sir Thomas Bryan KS KB (died 14 August 1500) was a British justice.
He was born to common blood, most likely to the son of John Bryan, who was a fishmonger, although Thomas assumed the arms of Guy Bryan when he became a person of some importance. It is suggested he went to university before beginning legal studies in the 1440s, becoming a student at Gray's Inn, progressing rapidly; by 1456 he was already a Bencher, and was acting as a Feoffee for the Inn. He was at this point serving as legal counsel for various London companies, including as a steward for St Bartholomew's Hospital in 1459. 
He was appointed Common Serjeant of London in 1460, a position he held until he was created Serjeant-at-law in 1463, followed by a further promotion to King's Serjeant in 1470. After the accession of Edward IV in 1471 Bryan was made Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, and was appointed a Knight of the Bath in 1475. Bryan served as Chief Justice for 29 years until his death, the longest period of service up to that point. He died on 14 August 1500, leaving a son, another Sir Thomas Bryan, whose son Francis Bryan became Lord Chief Justice of Ireland and was known as the "Vicar of Hell".

</doc>
<doc id="19598975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598975" title="Fort Lee Police Department">
Fort Lee Police Department

Introduction.
The Fort Lee Police Department was originally formed by ordinance on August 9, 1904. During this time the council appointed six marshalls. However the department was not formally established until October 5, 1927. During this time another ordinance was enacted to equip, organized and control the department. The first Police Chief was Andrew McDermott. He served the department for thirty-nine years. Council members, Peter Cella, John Mallon and John Reardon manned the police committee. Fort Lee is located in the south-eastern part of Bergen County, New Jersey, and is also the home of the George Washington Bridge.
The Fort Lee Police Department has been headed by Chief Keith Bendul since January 1, 2013. Prior to that, the department had been headed by Thomas O. Ripoli from 2004 through the end of 2012.
The main divisions of the department are the Patrol Division, Detective Bureau and the Traffic Division. The current table of organization calls for 112 sworn officers.
The standard issue sidearm for Fort Lee police officers is the Heckler & Koch HK45C.
Officers Killed in the Line of Duty.
""'Since the department’s beginning in 1904, only two Fort Lee Police Officers have been killed in the line of duty:
Police Officer William T. Birch was gunned down while responding to a hold up alarm at the Riviera Motel on Route 4 on September 4, 1966. James Beldon who shot and killed Officer Birch was originally sentenced to death in 1967, but that sentence was commuted to life in prison in 1972. A mere ten years after having his death penalty commuted to life in prison, Beldon was paroled and a free man in 1982. In 2005 at the age of 79, Beldon was arrested for attempting to sell an illegal handgun in Massachusetts while bragging he had killed a New Jersey police officer and had gotten away with it. He was returned to prison in New Jersey for violation of his parole. Beldon died in prison 2 years later at the age of 81. In 2007 a Yellow Labrador K-9 Birch was added to the Fort Lee Police Department to honor the memory of William T. Birch. On June 6, 2009 the Borough of Fort Lee renamed Federspiel Street to William T. Birch Way in his honor. The location was fitting as it was in the same neighborhood that William Birch had lived in.
Police Officer Kevin R. Greener was killed in a motorcycle accident on August 9, 1999 while traveling to a patrol tactics class he was teaching. Officer Greener was formerly a sergeant with the Essex County Police Department, but left when the department was disbanded. Officer Greener also worked for the West Caldwell Police Department for two years, prior to settling down with the Fort Lee Police Department in 1993. Aside from being a defensive tactics instructor for the department, Officer Greener was also a member of the department's Emergency Services Unit. In August 2008, a German Shepherd K-9 Greener was added to the Fort Lee Police Department to honor the memory of Officer Kevin Greener. Within his first month on patrol, K-9 Greener had already assisted Fort Lee Police officers in making two large narcotics arrests.
Fort Lee Police Memorial Square.
On September 12, 2009 the Fort Lee Police Department dedicated the Fort Lee Police Memorial Square. This is a memorial dedicated to all Fort Lee police officers. The Mayor and Council of Fort Lee donated the land on which to build the memorial, and the rest of the funds were acquired in the form of donations. The park is located on the north end of Abbott Boulevard, in an area where many local residents walk. The project to build the memorial was spearheaded by Chief Thomas Ripoli and Officer Mark Finocchiaro. The memorial was built by workers from the borough's Department of Public Works. Fort Lee PBA President Detective Kevin Kosuda stated "For every officer, they have a story and it's our duty to remember the officers that served in the line of duty."
Motorcycle Unit.
The Fort Lee Police Department's Motorcycle Unit is composed of officers who depending on their primary assignment ride the motorcycle on a part-time or full-time basis. Officers from the Traffic Division tend to utilize the motorcycles more while working their regular shifts, and officers from other divisions usually ride for special events. The officers of the Motorcycle Unit ride Harley-Davidson motorcycles, and are required to undergo and pass rigorous the training of the Maryland State Police Motorcycle Unit. On June 28, 2009 three Fort Lee police officers earned awards in the Law Enforcement Motorcycle Skills Competition to benefit Special Olympics New Jersey that was held in Lyndhurst, NJ. Officer Kevin Mahon won first place in the Slow Ride competition, while Officer George Koutroubinis and Sergeant Scott Bendul took first and second place respectively in Challenge Ride competition. The motor officers from the motorcycle unit participate annually in the Andiamo Run, which is a local charity motorcycle run to raise money for area hospitals. On September 12, 2010 it was stated "The Fort Lee police dazzled attendees with a remarkable display of motorcycle tricks and expertise." On June 26, 2011 three Fort Lee police officers again earned awards in the Law Enforcement Motorcycle Skills Competition to benefit Special Olympics New Jersey. Officer Rick Hernandez took second place in the Novice Division, Officer George Koutroubinis took second place in the Expert Division and first place in the Challenge Ride and Lt. Scott Bendul took second place in both the Master Division and Slow Ride.
Emergency Services Unit (ESU).
The Fort Lee Police Department's Emergency Services Unit is a team of 20 to 25 officers who are responsible for a multitude of emergency services throughout the Borough of Fort Lee to include, but not limited to: Search warrant executions, barricaded subjects, bomb threats, high risk arrests, hostage negotiations, large disorderly crowds, etc. The ESU officers train together on a regular basis and are required to pass an annual physical fitness test. Currently ESU officers have other primary duties (Patrol, Traffic, and Detective) and are deployed and utilized as needed. The standard issue weapon for the ESU is a Heckler & Koch UMP45.

</doc>
<doc id="19598992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19598992" title="Whitevale, Ontario">
Whitevale, Ontario

Whitevale (formerly Majorville) is a hamlet located in the city of Pickering in Durham Region, Ontario, Canada.
History.
Whitevale was an excellent example of nineteenth-century industry concentrating by a power source and then expanding of its own accord.
Settlement.
The hamlet was first settled in the 1820s when John Major built a sawmill. The hamlet was known as the village of Major or Majorville, because of the mill and the number of Majors who lived close by on the 5th Concession line.
Around 1855 Truman P. White bought the saw mill, built a gristmill and a cooperage; and in 1866 built a planing factory. The village owed so much of its development and business prosperity to T.P. White that in acknowledgement, it adopted Whitevale as its permanent designation.
Growth.
The newly named village of Whitevale may be said to have had its beginning in the year 1855. In that year Donald McPhee opened the first store and T.P. White erected a grist mill that cost $10,000, which for equipment far surpassed all others in the township at the time. In 1866 he built a large planing mill and in 1867 a large four storey brick woolen mill, that cost about $30,000 and was the pride of the village. The woolen mill was leased and operated for some years by Mr. Ellis, the grist mill in the year 1867 to 1874 by the Spink brothers and the sawmill by the Besse brothers.
Prosperous Times.
Whitevale during these years was a busy place. In 1890 Whitevale contained a stave and heading factory and a barrel factory both owned and operated by the Spink brothers; three general stores, one owned by James Taylor and Donald McPhee; a wagon and carriage factory, operated by the Pollard brothers; a cheese factory, owned and operated by P.R. Hoover and Co.; the merchant and tailoring firm of J. Rose and Son; the shoemaker shops of John Allen and D. Moodey; the butcher shop of Israel Burton and the tinsmith shop of S.B. Wigmore. In addition, Whitevale contained two blacksmiths, two wagon shops, a school house, undertakers, harness shop, grist mill, brush factory, grindstone factory, barber shop, three dressmakers, three gardeners, money order and post offices, hotel, brass band, two churches and four lodges.
Important Historical Structures.
Whitevale Church
Fires.
Fires destroyed many of Whitevale’s booming industries and continually changed the face of town. A public hall which had been erected in 1860 was also lost due to fire. A carriage factory and the Cooperage went in 1874. The woolen mill was the next to experience a fire several years later, but the brick walls remained standing. This was later followed by the destruction of the planing mill and the Grist mill, which was then being operated by Mr. White himself. The planing mill was rebuilt on the site of the grist mill and subsequently burned in 1899. The grist mill machinery was rebuilt inside the fire-damaged brick walls of the old woolen mill. A devastating fire leveled the converted grist mill in 1961, but a modern feed mill was erected on the same site in 1962. In early 2011, the Regency Coffee Co. building (which includes a portion of the building that dates back to the 1880s) caught on fire during renovations, but only sustained smoke and roof damage.
Floods.
The Whitevale Bridge has suffered from at least three separate occasions of flooding. In 1929 a heavy flood completely washed out the newly built bridge. In October 1954, the mill dam and the approach to the Whitevale Bridge (not the entire bridge) went out due to Hurricane Hazel when Duffins Creek overflowed. Finally, in July 2008 the concrete bridge suffered minor damage when heavy rains washed out a small section. The current bridge is the same structure that was built in 1929.
Present day.
Community Events.
Whitevale has always been a proud, friendly, close-knit community and prides itself on its annual community events. These annual events include the Fisherman’s Breakfast held in April at the community centre, the Corn Roast held at the Whitevale Church at the end of the summer, and the Whitevale Spring Festival which has been held every May since 1972. These events are held for both villagers and out-of-towners. The Whitevale and District Residents’ Association (WDRA) helps organize events and oversees many aspects of the village, looking out for the best interests of the town and its citizens.

</doc>
<doc id="19599036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599036" title="6mm BR">
6mm BR

The 6mm BR is a centerfire cartridge created for benchrest shooting. The cartridge is also known as the 6mm Bench Rest or simply 6 BR, and has also developed a following among varmint hunters because of its efficiency. There are two basic variants of very similar dimensions, known as the 6mm BR Remington and the 6mm Norma BR.
Cartridge History.
Soon after the introduction of the .308×1.5" Barnes cartridge, wildcatters and experimenters began developing their own wildcats based on the cartridge. By 1963 there were several .22 (5.7 mm) and .24 (6.1 mm) caliber cartridges based on the Barnes’ cartridge. The new cartridges’ accuracy and efficiency was noticed by the bench rest shooting community. The .24 caliber (6.1 mm) cartridge version became known as the 6mm Bench Rest or the 6mm BR due to its widespread use in the sport of bench rest shooting.
Since the cartridge was a wildcat and was not standardized until several years later, several variations of the cartridge existed. Cases required fire forming in the chamber to provide the maximum in accuracy as chambers of the rifles varied from one to another. Several 6mm BR variants exist apart from the Remington and Norma versions: the 6mm BRX, 6mm Dasher, 6 mm BRBS 6 mm UBL.
In 1978 Remington started manufacturing their Remington 40-X rifle in the 6mm BR and named their version of the cartridge the 6mm Bench Rest Remington. By 1988 Remington was also manufacturing ammunition. Remington continues to offer the 6mm BR Remington in the 40-X series rifles. The Remington version of this cartridge is now considered to be obsolete.
In 1996 Norma of Sweden introduced the 6mm Norma BR which was dimensionally similar to the 6mm BR Remington. However the chamber of the Norma version provided a longer throat making allowances for the seating of VLD bullets. This is the most common variation of the cartridge used today.
The 6mm Norma BR has become a popular chambering in match rifles used in ISSF and CISM and other 300 metres rifle disciplines.
Design.
The 6mm BR Remington cartridge is based a necked down .308x1.5" Barnes cartridge which in turn is based on the .308 Winchester case shortened to . It is one of the earlier cartridges to follow the short, fat design concept. Short fat cartridges have characteristics that make them more efficient and accurate.
6mm Norma BR.
The 6mm Norma BR cartridge introduced by Norma in 1996. It is based on the 6mm BR Remington cartridge, although where Remington's cartridge was intended for bullets of about , Norma standardized their set of chambering specifications for a very low drag (VLD) bullet of over , thus realizing the long-range capabilities of the cartridge. This resulted in a much longer throat in rifles chambered for the Norma cartridge.

</doc>
<doc id="19599039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599039" title="Zion Church">
Zion Church

Zion Church may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19599052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599052" title="Thrumpton Hall (book)">
Thrumpton Hall (book)

Thrumpton Hall: A Memoir of Life in My Father’s House is a work published in 2007 by Miranda Seymour.
The book describes, from the perspective of his alienated daughter, the life and times of the little-known George FitzRoy Seymour (1923–1994), proprietor of a declining English country estate (Thrumpton Hall) in Nottinghamshire, and a self-absorbed husband and father with aristocratic pretensions (he is distantly related to one of the many illegitimate offspring of Charles II). The book is primarily a memoir, judiciously narrated, yet with an undertone of daughterly displeasure that threatens, as the author knows, to overwhelm any hoped-for objectivity. It also uncovers biographical details that the author learns of only through having read her father’s diaries and having researched her family’s history by means of letters and other archival sources. In England, the book was published as "In My Father’s House" and subtitled "Elegy for an Obsessive Love", a reference to George Seymour’s lifelong preoccupation with the grand house (originating in the sixteenth century) that he managed to inherit through his own designs, despite not being the son of the previous owner, Charles Byron (a descendant of Lord Byron and an uncle-by-marriage to George). The book, however, is anything but an elegy, and a sustained examination of George’s obsession with the house is but one part of the author’s concern. 
The "other" part of Seymour's method involves the interrogation of the hated father and the detailing of his deleterious decisions and actions, as viewed more than a decade after his death. His character, that of a “priggish,” snobbish adolescent embarrassed by his parents, and a gently domineering father/husband too obviously desperate for a social status that he cannot achieve, is painted in exuberant English prose. Among George's quirks are a lifelong lack of friends, a serious devotion to letter-writing, an intense focus on the social graces and personal hygiene, an inability to appreciate the needs of other family members, and a tendency to aggrandize his own station in life. The chief quirk of Master George, however, is his abandonment, late in life, of most of his family duties, not to mention all upper-class appearances, as he takes to dressing up in leathers and touring country roads (often at night) on a motorcycle. In the process, he befriends, or rather falls in love with, an illiterate “lad” or two, principally a person named Robbie, whom George calls Tigger after the Winnie-the-Pooh character (to his own Christopher Robin). No one else is amused, particularly when Robbie begins to displace others who are slated to inherit family property. Although this aspect of the story supplies a certain drama, there is no shortage of human drama and tension, of mortal helplessness and hubris, elsewhere in the book. Throughout, the voice of the author's mother provides a light counterpoint to Miranda Seymour's own observations and opinions. 
Seymour was awarded the PEN/Ackerley Prize for her memoir in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19599076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599076" title="Bhreathnach">
Bhreathnach

Bhreathnach is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19599103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599103" title="Great Migration of Canada">
Great Migration of Canada

The Great Migration of Canada (also known as the Great Migration from Britain) was a period of high immigration to Canada from 1815 to 1850, involving over 800,000 immigrants. Though Europe was becoming richer through the Industrial Revolution, population growth made the relative number of jobs low, forcing many to look to the New World for economic success.
Background.
In the late 18th and early 19th century, there occurred a transition in parts of Great Britain's previously manual-labor-based economy towards machine-based manufacturing. It started with the mechanization of the textile industries, the development of iron-making techniques and the increased use of refined coal. Though the Revolution began an era of expanded economic growth and higher standards of living, it was at the same time met with rapid population explosion. A slow rise in quality of living standards throughout the past two hundred years allowed more children to survive and made child bearing more economic. As well, jobs that were previously done by poor peasants could now be done even more cheaply by machinery. This led to the loss of many jobs. The combined effects made it difficult for some to find jobs, leading them to look to the colonies in the Americas for work.
The migration.
Because the Industrial Revolution began in Britain, the first (and therefore the majority of) settlers were English speaking British. Sixty percent of these immigrants to Canada were British. This made them the largest group in Canada. The Irish came to escape the Great Potato Famine.
Other people from other countries migrated as well. Americans went to British Columbia in order to look for gold, a material that was quickly evaporating because of the California gold rush. Chinese went to British Columbia too in order to help build the Canadian Pacific Railway, and to escape war and famine in their own country. These migrations can be considered apart from those in earlier times.
Impact.
The Great Migration had profound impacts on Canadian culture. At the beginning of the great Migration, the Canadians, Canadians of French descent, outnumbered those of British descent. By the end the British Canadian population was more than double that of the French Canadian population. The British Canadians also expanded into Lower Canada, which caused problems among the French Canadian citizens. As they expanded in Lower Canada, they also brought the fatal disease cholera with them, which killed off many Canadians.

</doc>
<doc id="19599106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599106" title="Zion Church (Rome, New York)">
Zion Church (Rome, New York)

Zion Church is a historic Episcopal church building located in Rome, Oneida County, New York. The church was designed by Richard Upjohn built in 1850. It is a three-by-four-bay structure built of bluestone in the Gothic style. Located adjacent is the stone Clarke Memorial Hall designed by Frederick Hubbard and built in 1884–1885. 
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="19599110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599110" title="Ray Miller (journalist)">
Ray Miller (journalist)

Ray Elvin Miller (March 28, 1919 – September 27, 2008) was the creator and host of "The Eyes of Texas" (1969–1999), a television anthology series, syndicated through KPRC-TV, the NBC outlet in Houston. A native of Fort Worth, Miller began his career in radio there in 1938 and thereafter relocated to Houston. In 1951, KPRC Radio bought the first television station in Houston, which became Channel 2, owned by the Hobby family. Miller was known for his journalistic intensity, black horn rim glasses, and an elegant speaking voice in his narration of the history and culture of Texas.
"The Eyes of Texas".
"The Eyes of Texas" examines such topics as unique Texas residents and out-of-the-way attractions. It remains the longest-running local program in the history of the Houston television market. In addition to his anthology, Miller was the news director at both KPRC radio and television for more than four decades."The Eyes of Texas" may be considered as a model for the long-running syndicated program, "Texas Country Reporter", hosted from Dallas by Bob Phillips.
On his retirement from television, Miller became a chronicler of Houston. He wrote ten books, "Eyes of Texas" travel guides and other works on historic attractions in Houston and nearby Galveston. One of his best known books is "Ray Miller's Houston", published in 1992.
Miller joined the staff of Harris County Precinct 3 County Commissioner Steve Radack, a Republican, who described Miller as "so compassionate, loyal, had an incredible ability to give people inspiration to live." Radack appointed Miller to head special projects, many of which served senior citizens. Miller was still skiing well into his eighties, Radack said.
In 1979, Miller retired as Channel 2 news director, but he continued to work as the host of another series "Ray Miller's Texas" until the late 1980s. In 1999, veteran journalist Ron Stone succeeded Miller as host of "The Eyes of Texas". Stone died some five months before Miller. Ray Miller also worked with the Harris County Historical Commission to procure historical markers for several sites. Miller donated his extensive book collection to Harris County.
Mentoring other journalists.
In 1976, Miller hired then 25-year-old Phil Archer as a KPRC reporter. Archer recalls that Miller had "incredible intellect, practically glowed in the dark. . . . To be hired by Ray Miller was like winning the lottery. He was just the best." Archer noted too that Miller viewed journalism as a higher calling and as a public service, Archer said. Mike Capps said that Miller was "the epitome of a hard-line newsman. He was spit, polish and shine."
During his storied career, Miller served as a mentor to hundreds of journalists, including former CBS anchorman Dan Rather and United States Senator Kay Bailey Hutchison, a Texas Republican who was the first female television newswoman in Texas. Rather said that Miller was "so honest that you could shoot dice with him over the phone." In a prepared statement, Hutchison said that Miller "gave me my first job, taking a chance on a new law school graduate who had never had a class in journalism. I learned more from him than I could have ever imagined possible. He impacted me in many ways: to strive for excellence, to be the very best, never take 'no' for an answer." 
Syndicated columnist Cal Thomas said that "The Pulitzer prize would not mean as much to me as that approval from my mentor Ray Miller."
Family and legacy.
During World War II, Miller met his wife, the former Veronica Gray (1921–2008), a native of Australia. He also served in the Korean War and covered the Vietnam War for KRPC. The couple had two sons, the late Geoffrey Miller and Gray Hampton Miller (born 1948), a United States District Judge in Houston, appointed in 2006 by U.S. President George W. Bush. Miller died of natural causes after a lengthy illness; Mrs Miller succumbed at the age of eighty-seven on August 27, 2008, exactly one month before her husband's death. Services were held on October 3, 2008, at St. Michael's Catholic Church in Houston. Interment was in Glenwood Cemetery in Houston.
Miller received an honorary Doctor of Humane Letters from the University of Houston. The Texas Association of Broadcasters designated him as a "Pioneer Broadcaster." While at KPRC, he won a Peabody Award, the broadcast equivalent of a Pulitzer Prize. He was a Knight of San Jacinto. The Texas State Legislature named him a "Texas Legend". 
Radack proposed the naming of Ray Miller Park at 1800 Eldridge Parkway in west Houston and presided over the dedication ceremony. Meanwhile, a new version of "The Eyes of Texas" has returned to the Channel 2 lineup. Repeats of Miller's series run on KUHT-TV, as the archival series "Texas: Our Texas".
Houston newsman Dave Ward recalls Miller as "a true professional. He wasn't an easy man to work for. He demanded excellence. . . . He usually got his way. He was a great news director in television. The Houston market was very lucky to have him."

</doc>
<doc id="19599117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599117" title="Boorara, Western Australia">
Boorara, Western Australia

Boorara is a small town in the Goldfields region of Western Australia.
The origin of the town's name is Aboriginal but the meaning of the word is unknown.
The townsite was gazetted in 1897.

</doc>
<doc id="19599126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599126" title="Abdul Latif Tibawi">
Abdul Latif Tibawi

Dr. Abdul Latif Tibawi (, 1910–1981) was a Palestinian historian and educationalist. Born in Taybet El-Muthalath, near TulKarem, he was one of the earliest graduates of the Arabic College, Dar Al-Mu’allimin, in Jerusalem. He read history and Arabic literature at the American University of Beirut and later earned a Ph.D from the University of London in 1948. Prior to the mass migration of Palestinians he was a senior education officer in Jerusalem. He was in London when the crisis of 1948 unfolded. He became a refugee and was appointed Lecturer in Comparative Education at the Institute of Education, London, where he taught until his retirement in 1977. Tibawi wrote extensively on many aspects of Middle Eastern history in both English and Arabic.
He established a fund for Palestinian postgraduate students at the School of Oriental and African Studies.

</doc>
<doc id="19599164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599164" title="Andrei Corneencov">
Andrei Corneencov

Andrei Corneencov (born 1 April 1982) is a Transnistrian footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="19599176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599176" title="Noticias (magazine)">
Noticias (magazine)

Noticias de la Semana is a weekly newsmagazine in Spanish published in Argentina, where it is known simply as "Noticias" ("News"). Founded and published by Jorge Fontevecchia in a format similar to U.S. publications such as "Time" or "Newsweek", "Noticias" was known as "La Semana" ("The Week") until 1989 and is widely considered the leading Spanish-language newsmagazine in the world.
The magazine is also known in Argentina for its loss of photojournalist José Luis Cabezas, who was murdered in 1997 on the orders of local shipping magnate Alfredo Yabrán.
Former President Néstor Kirchner reportedly ordered government advertising withheld from the magazine, as well from other media critical of his government, and privileged supporting media instead. Editorial Perfil sued the government regarding this, and the Court supported the magazine's claim. Chief of Staff Aníbal Fernández denied any discrimination against the publisher, a statement refuted by Perfil. 

</doc>
<doc id="19599185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599185" title="Theological Studies (journal)">
Theological Studies (journal)

Theological Studies is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by the Society of Jesus in the United States covering research on all aspects of theology. The journal is hosted by Marquette University and was established in 1940. The current editor-in-chief is David G. Schultenover (Marquette University).

</doc>
<doc id="19599191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599191" title="Binge &amp; Purge">
Binge &amp; Purge

Binge & Purge is the second album by the American punk band the Lunachicks. It was released February 2, 1992 by Safe House. The album was produced by Mason Temple along with the band. The album was recorded at SST, Weehawken NJ, mixed at Quad Recording, NYC and mastered at MDI, Toronto. Many of their songs involve feminist issues.

</doc>
<doc id="19599197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599197" title="Breathnach">
Breathnach

Breathnach or Bhreathnach (meaning "Welshman") is an Irish surname, indicating a person of Welsh descent. It is the Irish-language version of surnames such as Brannagh, Brunnock, Brannick, Walsh, Wallace, Wallis. 
However, it does not necessarily mean that the ancestor concerned was from modern-day Wales; Robert Bell notes that Wallace was a surname indicating a Brittonic native of Strathclyde or any part of the Old North ("Hen Ogledd"), stating "In Scotland generally the Latin name Wallensis meant just that. The name appears in twelfth-century records of Ayrshire and Renfrewshire, parts of the old Strathclyde kingdom ... Wallace has also been used as a synom of Walsh." (Bell, p.244). The best known bearer of the name from the area was Uilleam Breatnach (William Wallace). 
John de Courcy (1160–1219) planted significant numbers of British people from Cumbria during his lordship of Uladh. Gaelic-Irish sources such as Dubhaltach MacFhirbhisigh concur, referring to such people as "breatnaigh", denoting a British person and/or one who spoke British (see Old Welsh) ("Medieval Ireland", p. 514). 

</doc>
<doc id="19599198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599198" title="Nikolay Alekseyev">
Nikolay Alekseyev

Nikolay Aleksandrovich Alekseyev (, 1852 –25 (OS 13) March 1893) was the elected mayor of Moscow in 1885–1893. Alekseyev is credited with construction of the city's first sanitation system, the first pressurized water supply network reaching individual houses, a psychiatric hospital and 30 new public schools. Alekseyev reorganized the city finances, significantly increasing the share of non-tax revenue from city-owned commercial ventures, and was known for unorthodox and successful fundraising campaigns for the municipal charities. Alekseyev was a long-time sponsor of Moscow Conservatory and local musicians; during his tenure the city acquired the Tretyakov Gallery. 
Alekseyev was shot in his office by an insane visitor. He remains the only mayor of Moscow to be assassinated.
Biography.
Family roots.
Nikolay Alekseyev belonged to the fourth generation of an old and wealthy family of traders and industrialists that settled in Alekseyevskaya Street (no direct connection) of Tagansky District after the Fire of 1812. The area was a traditional Old Believers community, however, Alekseyevs were mainstream Orthodox. Their main asset in Moscow, a copper foundry with wire-making plant, was placed one block to the north from the family mansion. The family was connected through marriages to Tretyakov, Mamontov, Chetverikov business clans, the Sheremetevs and the Greek diaspora. A distant relative, Alexander Vasilyevich Alekseyev, has served as the mayor of Moscow in 1840–1841, although then the mayor's role was far less significant than in 1880s.
Alekseyev's mother was an ethnic Greek; Boris Chicherin, mayor of Moscow in 1882–1885, said that "Alekseyev's character merged cunning and refinement of a Greek with the arrogance of a Russian" (). Actor and theater director Konstantin Stanislavsky, also born Alekseyev, was Nikolay's cousin; he chose a different stage name to disassociate the family from his theatrical endeavours.
Early years.
Nikolay was home schooled, spoke three foreign languages, but never attended university or received any formal qualification. Like his cousin Konstantin, he leaned to the performing arts, spending his youth in the bohemian musical circles. A close friend of Nikolay Rubinstein, Alekseyev co-financed Moscow Conservatory and independent Moscow Opera together with his older mentor Sergey Tretyakov (mayor of Moscow in 1876–1882) and frequently acted as a manager for musicians. At the same time, Alekseyev in his twenties managed the textile assets of the family and was responsible for retooling the factories with modern machinery and technologies. His proactive, assertive attitudes were not always welcomed by Moscow elite; influential banker and philanthropist, head of Moscow commodity exchange Nikolay Naidenov remained outspokenly hostile to Alekseyev throughout his life.
This exposure to real-life business problems eventually led Alekseyev to seek public office. In 1880 he was elected to Moscow Governorate Duma, in 1881 to the Moscow City Duma; as the member of Duma he participated in various municipal activities from the school board to the coronation of Alexander III (1883). 
1885 election.
The municipal election of 1885 was regulated by the City Statute of 1870. According to the law, all payers of property tax were eligible to vote; however, to dilute the share of small homeowners, the eligible voters were split into three unequal groups based on their tax assessment. In the 1880s these groups numbered 2–3, 5–6 and 12–15 thousand voters for a population of 753 thousand. Each group elected 60 representatives to the City Duma. 180 members of the Duma elected the Mayor who, ex officio, presided over the Duma sessions. Boris Chicherin described the members of the Duma as "absent nobles, indifferent merchants and arrogant democracy". The latter group consisted of uneducated petty traders, laborers and farmers, and was known as the black hundred. Savvy beyond reasonable limit, the "black hundred" regularly blocked legitimate municipal projects as too expensive or unnecessary.
The number of candidates at the Duma election was unlimited; election by list voting with black and white balls was time-consuming, causing voter absenteeism. Contemporaries estimated that only 3 to 6% of less than 20 thousand eligible voters showed up at the 1880 elections. Politics were dominated by around 300 wealthy families, many of them parts of historical business clans. In 1885, Alekseyev, then only 32 years old, succeeded in bringing the sleeper voters to the elections, thus reducing the weight of "black hundred" and easily winning the mayoral ballot in November. He succeeded in shaping up a loyal majority coalition; balancing between a strongman administration and continuous mediation of the rivalling clans, Alekseyev managed to maintain support for his initiatives in the Duma and among the business circles.
Municipal projects.
Alekseyev started his tenure with the controversial shutdown of the Upper Trade Rows on the Red Square. The building, erected in 1815 by Joseph Bove, was torn down in 1889 and replaced with the new Upper Trade Rows, designed by Alexander Pomerantsev, in 1890–1893. In 1890 he launched construction of a new Duma building on the nearby Voskresenskaya Square; the project was criticized for its outward pseudo-Russian style and cost overruns.
Moscow of 1885 had no sanitation and no water supply network in present sense: water flowed from Mytishchi in the open trench of the Rostokino Aqueduct and was distributed to a limited number of fountains on the central squares. In 1870s the city built three local water networks of inadequate capacity that were abandoned by 1885. After long disputes between supporters of municipal and private water supply, in 1888 the city settled on building a single pressurized water system. Key element of the system – two tower-like water reservoirs near present-day Rizhsky Rail Terminal – were partially financed with Alekseyev's personal funds. The main distribution pipeline, 108 versts long, was completed during Alekseyev's tenure in 1892. In 1896 the system reached individual houses along the Garden Ring and in 1912 the city was able to require mandatory hookup to running water for all new buildings within the city limits.
In 1886–1889 Alekseyev sponsored detailed feasibility study of various sewage system layout. The modular plan, adopted in 1889, divided the city into practically independent parts (central and peripheral), making a provision for subsequent expansion of the city. The project was delayed by budget constraints; in 1892 the city raised money through a 49-year loan. The first 37 versts of large-bore sewage pipes were operational in 1894, half a year since Alekseyev's death; by the end of 1895 half of the system was complete and the city laid out its first sewage treatment facility. 
Alekseyev supervised construction of a large municipal slaughterhouse placed beyond the city limits (present-day Mikoyan meat-processing plant); with its completion all inner city slaughterhouses were shut down.
Alekseyev, personally attached to the fate of the mentally sick, called for construction of a new psychiatric hospital in 1889; existing psychiatric hospital in Preobrazhenskoe, built before the war of 1812, was inadequate for the growing city. Alekseyev personally rallied wealthy muscovites for donations, his fundraising antics became a source of anecdotes. Nevertheless, he raised enough money to finance the first stage of the hospital which opened in 1894. Contemporary studies of Moscow charities assert that Alekseyev's efforts radically changed the pattern of business donations to the charities; they became a standard of business practice and continued to grow for two decades after his death.
In seven and half years of Alekseyev's tenure Moscow acquired 30 new schools, its first asphalt pavement, first permanent electrical power plant (1888), unified tram system (1891) and the Tretyakov Gallery (1892).
Municipal finance.
Alekseyev's projects unbalanced the city budget, which operated at a significant deficit throughout the 1880s. He responded with investments into revenue-generating municipal enterprises. 1888, the year when the new central slaughterhouse became operational, is considered a breakthrough year: the city acquired its first large profitable asset. Income from city enterprises grew slowly but surely and by 1913 accounted for 55% of the city revenue.
Constrained with political connections, Alekseyev was reluctant to increase taxes; property taxes grew proportionate to city expansion, while the business tax rates decreased (collection remained at the same nominal amount despite rapid growth of the economy).
The city arranged for its first public loan in 1882; in 1886 Alekseyev diverted the proceeds to build the municipal slaughterhouse. He was reluctant to borrow more due to the Duma opposition against loans; the first major loan of this tenure was approved in 1892 to finance sewage system.
Relations with the Jews.
Grand Duke Sergei Alexandrovich of Russia, appointed Governor of Moscow in February 1891, initiated a royal order for deportation of Jews from the city into the Pale of Settlement. The decree directly affected nearly half of estimated 20 thousands Moscow Jews, even including retired soldiers. According to the Western sources, Alekseyev supported the deportation and provided the city resources to the police action managed by the Grand Duke. The operation continued at the time of Alekseyev's death and installed "an eternal hatred for him among the Russian-Jewish diaspora." S. M. Dubnow, author of "History of Jews in Poland and Russia" (1918) even branded Alekseyev "an ignorant merchant with a shady reputation", and alleged that his efforts were motivated by rivalry with Jewish banker Lazar Polyakov (incorrectly described as the owner of a "rural bank"). 
On the contrary, Alekseyev sided with prime minister Witte in his campaign in support of Bukharan Jews. This may be explained by long-standing ties between Moscow textile industry and the Central Asian cotton traders (including Bukharan Jews).
Death and legacy.
March 21 (OS 9), 1893, a man named Andrianov fatally shot the mayor in his City Hall study. Early reports called the shooter a nihilist, but he was later attested to be insane. After four days of agony, Alekseyev died on March 25 (OS 13). Shortly before his death he instructed his wife to pledge 300,000 roubles of their personal wealth to the completion of the psychiatric hospital; the wish was fulfilled, and the hospital, inaugurated in 1894, was named in Alekseyev's honour. 
His funeral at Novospassky Monastery cemetery was attended by 200 thousand mourners. The cemetery was destroyed in 1930s, and the site of his grave was lost.
Alekseyev's achievements and charismatic personality became a yardstick for evaluation of municipal officers until World War I. His immediate successor, Konstantin Rukavishnikov, completed the projects launched by Alekseyev and got rid of the budget deficit, but lost the 1897 reelection to the public opinion of "not matching his too splendid forerunner".
The city remained divided into pro-Alekseyev and anti-Alekseyev factions; his memories were frequently invoked by politicians for support of their own and for denigration of their opponents' initiatives.

</doc>
<doc id="19599199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599199" title="Fitzroy Islands (Tasmania)">
Fitzroy Islands (Tasmania)

The Fitzroy Islands comprise a group of four rocky islets, with a combined area of 0.18 ha, in south-eastern Australia. They are part of the Breaksea Island Group, lying close to the southern end of the western coast of Tasmania. They are also part of the Southwest National Park, and thus within the Tasmanian Wilderness World Heritage Site.
Fauna.
Recorded breeding seabird species are the Silver Gull, Sooty Oystercatcher and Caspian Tern.

</doc>
<doc id="19599232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599232" title="Clarence Benjamin Jones">
Clarence Benjamin Jones

Clarence B. Jones (born January 8, 1931) is the former personal counsel, advisor, draft speech writer and close friend of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. He is a Scholar in Residence at the Martin Luther King, Jr. Institute at Stanford University. He is the author of "What Would Martin Say?" (HarperCollins, 2008) and "Behind the Dream: The Making of the Speech that Transformed a Nation" (Palgrave-Macmillan, 2011)
In 1962, Martin Luther King wrote a letter recommending his lawyer and advisor, Clarence B. Jones, to the New York State Bar, stating: “Ever since I have known Mr. Jones, I have always seen him as a man of sound judgment, deep insights, and great dedication. I am also convinced that he is a man of great integrity”.
Family.
Jones was born 8 January 1931 to parents who were domestic workers in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and was raised in a foster home and a boarding school in New England.
fun facts
he was nominated as first African American liberty fighter
Clarence B. Jones graduated from Palmyra High School in Palmyra, NJ. 
Legal and financial career.
Following his discharge, Jones returned to Columbia to complete his BA in 1956. That year he began attending Boston University School of Law, obtaining his LLB in 1959. He and his wife Anne moved to Altadena, California, where Jones established a practice in entertainment law.
In 1967, at age 36, Jones joined the investment banking and brokerage firm of Carter, Berlind & Weill where he worked alongside future Citigroup Chairman and CEO, Sanford I. Weill and Securities and Exchange Commission Chairman, Arthur Levitt. Jones was the first African-American to be named an allied member of the New York Stock Exchange.
Martin Luther King Jr..
Jones joined the team of lawyers defending King in the midst of King’s 1960 tax fraud trial; the case was resolved in King’s favor in May 1960. Jones and his family relocated to New York to be close to the Harlem office of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference (SCLC), and he joined the firm of Lubell, Lubell, and Jones as a partner. In 1962, Jones became general counsel for the Gandhi Society for Human Rights, SCLC’s fundraising arm.
Later 1962, Jones would advise King to write President John F. Kennedy on the Cuban missile crisis. He urged King to make a statement because “your status as a leader requires that you not be silent about an event and issues so decisive to the world” (Jones, 1 November 1962).
Jones accompanied King, Wyatt Tee Walker, Stanley Levison, Jack O’Dell, and others to the SCLC training facility in Dorchester, Georgia, for an early January 1963 strategy meeting to plan the Birmingham Campaign. Following King’s 12 April arrest in Birmingham for violating a related injunction against demonstrations, Jones secretly took King’s hand-written response from jail to eight Birmingham clergymen who had denounced the protests in the newspaper. It was typed and circulated among the Birmingham clergy and later printed and distributed nationally as “Letter from Birmingham Jail.” Jones helped secure bail money for King and the other jailed protesters by flying to New York to meet with New York Governor Nelson Rockefeller, who gave Jones the bail funds directly from his family’s vault at Chase Manhattan Bank.
Jones continued to function as King’s lawyer and advisor through the remainder of his life, assisting him in drafting the “I Have a Dream” speech at Jones' house in Riverdale, N.Y and preserving King’s copyright of the momentous address; acting as part of the successful defense team for the SCLC in New York Times v. Sullivan; serving as part of King’s inner circle of advisers, called the “research committee”; and contributing with Vincent Harding and Andrew Young to King’s “Beyond Vietnam” address at New York’s Riverside Church on 4 April 1967.
After Martin Luther King.
After King’s death, Jones served as one of the negotiators during the 1971 prison riot at Attica, and was editor and part owner of the New York Amsterdam News from 1971 to 1974. In summing up his sentiments on King’s life, Jones remarked in a 2007 interview: “Except for Abraham Lincoln and the Emancipation Proclamation of 1863, Martin Luther King, Jr., in 12 years and 4 months from 1956 to 1968, did more to achieve political, economic, and social justice in America than any other event or person in the previous 400 years” (Jones, 18 May 2007).

</doc>
<doc id="19599238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599238" title="Vladimir Tanurcov">
Vladimir Tanurcov

Vladimir Tanurcov (born 27 November 1977) is a Moldovan footballer currently playing for FC Zimbru Chişinău. 

</doc>
<doc id="19599247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599247" title="Koornwinder polynomials">
Koornwinder polynomials

In mathematics, Koornwinder polynomials (also called Macdonald–Koornwinder polynomials) are a family of orthogonal polynomials in several variables, introduced by , that generalize the Askey–Wilson polynomials. They are the Macdonald polynomials attached to the non-reduced affine root system of type ("C", "C""n"), and in particular satisfy (, ) analogues of Macdonald's conjectures . In addition Jan Felipe van Diejen showed that the Macdonald polynomials associated to any classical root system can be expressed as limits or special cases of Koornwinder polynomials and found complete sets of concrete commuting difference operators diagonalized by them . Furthermore there is a large class of interesting families of multivariable orthogonal polynomials associated with classical root systems which are degenerate cases of the Koornwinder-Macdonald polynomials . The Koornwinder-Macdonald polynomials have also been studied with the aid of affine Hecke algebras (, , ).
The Koornwinder polynomial in "n" variables associated to the partition λ is the unique Laurent polynomial invariant under permutation and inversion of variables, with leading monomial "x"λ, and orthogonal with respect to the density
on the unit torus
where the parameters satisfy the constraints
and ("x";"q")∞ denotes the infinite q-Pochhammer symbol.
Here leading monomial "x"λ means that μ≤λ for all terms "x"μ with nonzero coefficient, where μ≤λ if and only if μ1≤λ1, μ1+μ2≤λ1+λ2, …, μ1+…+μ"n"≤λ1+…+λ"n".
Under further constraints that "q" and "t" are real and that "a", "b", "c", "d" are real or, if complex, occur in conjugate pairs, the given density is positive.
For some lecture notes on Koornwinder polynomials from a Hecke algebra perspective see for example .

</doc>
<doc id="19599252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599252" title="Lithgow (surname)">
Lithgow (surname)

Lithgow is a surname originating from Scottish as a habitational name from Linlithgow, between Edinburgh and Falkirk, which was probably named with British words related to modern Welsh "llyn" ‘lake’, ‘pool’ + "llaith" ‘damp’ + "cau" ‘hollow’.In the 13th and 14th centuries the name appears both with and without the first syllable. Originally, Lithgow was the name of the settlement and Linlithgow that of the lake. Lithgow was associated by folk etymology with Gaelic "liath" ‘gray’ + "cu" ‘dog’, and such a figure appears on the medieval borough seal. 
It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19599278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599278" title="Nicolae Josan">
Nicolae Josan

Nicolae Josan (born 18 September 1983) is a Moldovan footballer. He currently is playing for FC Tiraspol. He also has Russian citizenship.

</doc>
<doc id="19599280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599280" title="Cristina Quer Casar">
Cristina Quer Casar

Cristina Quer Casar ("Cristina Wants to Get Married" in Portuguese) is a 2003 Brazilian film.
The film stars Cristina (Denise Fraga), who uses a dating agency to find Paulo. While Cristina dates Paulo the owner of the dating agency, Chico, begins to fall in love with Cristina.
Cine TAM, a cinema company division of the parent company of TAM Airlines, organized the presentation of the film in Medford, Massachusetts, United States in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19599283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599283" title="Thomas Ferguson (academic)">
Thomas Ferguson (academic)

Thomas Ferguson (born 1949) is an American political scientist and author who studies and writes on politics and economics, often within a historical perspective. He is a political science professor at the University of Massachusetts Boston and a member of the advisory board for the Institute for New Economic Thinking. He obtained his Ph.D. from Princeton University. A contributing editor for "The Nation" and a contributing writer to The Huffington Post, he is a frequent guest and economic commentator on numerous radio and television programs. He is known for his investment theory of party competition.
MIT controversy.
According to Noam Chomsky, Thomas Ferguson was warned while at MIT that his research might get him denied tenure at the Political Science Department. In Chomsky's account, Ferguson was told “If you ever want to get tenure in this department, keep away from anything after the New Deal; you can write all of your radical stuff up to the New Deal, but if you try and do it for the post-New Deal period, you're never going to get tenure in this department." Although not explicitly mentioned, the research was ostensibly the investment theory of party competition. 
Selected works.
Ferguson has written numerous scholarly articles, magazine pieces, and a number of books.

</doc>
<doc id="19599298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599298" title="Söjtör">
Söjtör

Söjtör is a village of approximately 1500 people located in Zala County, in western Hungary. It is most famously known as the birthplace of Ferenc Deák, a Hungarian statesman living in the 19th century who served as the Minister of Justice during the Hungarian Revolution of 1848, and is now known as "The Sage of the Country" 

</doc>
<doc id="19599308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599308" title="Idacorp">
Idacorp

IDACORP, Inc is an electricity holding company, incorporated in Idaho with headquarters in Boise, Idaho. It comprises Idaho Power Company, IDACORP Financial and Ida-West Energy. It was formed October 1, 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="19599313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599313" title="Ellenor Frutt">
Ellenor Frutt

Ellenor Frutt, played by Camryn Manheim, is a fictional character from David E. Kelley's legal drama, The Practice. She often struggles with issues related to her weight, appearance, and relationships. She has not had much luck in finding love. At one point, Ellenor places a personal ad in the newspaper and finds an interested partner whom she can talk to on the phone, and after several conversations they decide to meet. After meeting him, Ellenor becomes uninterested in him. He later sues her, and then drops the case after making his point. Ellenor later becomes romantically involved with Fred Spivak, a crooked chiropractor treating Rebecca for non-existent injuries supposedly sustained during a swoop and squat crash. 
Ellenor is sometimes led by her emotions when taking cases: cancer case with about 11 clients (taken with Jimmy Berluti), another with an overweight woman who was teased by a clown, and a case involving a monkey. She is fluent in American Sign Language. In the episode "Race Ipsa Loquitor" Ellenor stated that she was Jewish.

</doc>
<doc id="19599346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599346" title="Frühschoppen">
Frühschoppen

Frühschoppen (pronounced , meaning: an alcoholic drink before midday in company) is the German and Austrian tradition to meet up at a pub or inn in the late morning (usually on Sundays). The specific customs vary from region to region. "Frühschoppen" is often a kind of brunch, i.e. a combined breakfast and lunch, but does not necessarily involve food.
In Lower Bavaria and most of Upper Bavaria, "Frühschoppen" is understood to be a specific kind of brunch consisting of Weisswurst, sweet mustard, pretzels, and Weissbier (an unfiltered wheat beer). The Bavarian "Frühschoppen" began in rural areas and has originally taken place on Sundays in a tavern at the regulars' table ("Stammtisch"). During "Frühschoppen", folk may discuss everyday life and politics. In the corner of the tavern or festival tent ("Festzelt") there is typically a band playing Volksmusik. (Nowadays some places have pop, rock, and jazz bands.)
In many other regions of Germany, "Frühschoppen" is understood more generally to be a gathering in a pub on Sunday morning, traditionally held after church service. This usually includes the consumption of alcoholic beverages, but not necessarily that of a meal. With the decline of church attendance in Germany this tradition has become somewhat less common, but is still held up in many places, especially in rural areas.

</doc>
<doc id="19599355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599355" title="Vladislav Lungu">
Vladislav Lungu

Club career.
Lungu previously played for FC Vorskla Poltava in Ukraine, Celje, Gorica and Maribor in Slovenia, and FC Vaslui in Romania.
International career.
Lungu has made eight appearances for the full Moldova national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="19599396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599396" title="Lithgow (disambiguation)">
Lithgow (disambiguation)

Lithgow is Lithgow, New South Wales, Australia
Lithgow also may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19599406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599406" title="Yevgeni Matyugin">
Yevgeni Matyugin

Yevgeni Matyugin (or Evgheni Matiughin) (born 31 October 1981) is a Moldovan international footballer currently playing for Dacia Chişinău.

</doc>
<doc id="19599423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599423" title="Koshi Barrage">
Koshi Barrage

The Koshi Barrage is a flood control sluice across the Koshi River in Nepal, near the Nepal–Indian border. It was built between 1958 and 1962. It has 52 gates which are controlled by Indian officers although it is in Nepal. Downstream of the barrage near the border with India the Indian government has created an embankment which can create floods and other problems in Nepal.
The Koshi Tappu Wildlife Reserve is roughly 3–4 miles north of the Barrage.
2008 flood.
In August 2008, the eastern embankments of the Koshi Barrage collapsed, several miles north of the Nepal-India border. The resulting flood left nearly 100,000 people homeless in Nepal and millions in Bihar, India.
High dam.
The construction of a high dam near the Koshi Barrage has been considered.

</doc>
<doc id="19599434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599434" title="Altamira, Puerto Plata">
Altamira, Puerto Plata

Altamira is a town in the Puerto Plata province of the Dominican Republic. 
The town's name is the subject of at least two different origin traditions. One asserts that when Christopher Columbus first arrived in the area, he took note of the height of the mountains and exclaimed: "Look at the heights." Another reports that the name is based on the geographical resemblance of the region to Spain's Altamira Caves. 
On October 29, 1889, President Ulises Heureaux declared the town a municipality. To this day, October 29th is celebrated in Altamira with municipal festivities.
History.
In its earliest days, Altamira functioned as a set of large agricultural ranches, populated by families transferred there from nearby "conucos" (small farms). For this reason, some still call Altamira's signature tobacco plantations the "Ranches of Puerto Plata." 
At the time of the Devastations of Ozoria, the community helped maintain communication between the Valley of the Cibao and Port Silver. It also served as a refuge and hideout for settlers who refused to abandon the region.
During the period of the Annexation, Altamira became a part of the Province of Santiago by Law No. 40 of 1845. After the War of Restoration brought national independence, Altamira's importance grew, as not just an area of strategic military importance, but also as a demographic and commercial center. 
In the times of the Restoration, Altamira's initially dispersed shacks became more numerous. They were grouped in the shape of a village that held 60 to 75 families. The villagers cultivated short-cycle agricultural products and the bred of untamed stock. During the War of Restoration, commercial activities diminished, but shortly afterward they again flourished. At the time Altamira had a single street, the "Street of the Commerce," whose main businesses were clothing, shoes, groceries and household goods.
When Altamira was declared a municipality, its first communal leader was General Don José Hilario Francisco. His ally, Manuel "Manuelita" Peña served as chief of police. The town's first Catholic priest was Juan Albino. All three were sworn in by Puerto Plata's Provincial Governor, Pedro Pepín. 
The street now known as San José was initially a road built in 1890 and called at the time the "Street of the Donkeys," because donkeys were the main draft animal of the time and were nearly ubiquitous there.
A railroad connection between Puerto Plata and Santiago opened in 1897. Its main station was located in Altamira's La Piedra section. According to local tradition, travel time between the two termini was two-and-a-half hours.
Geography.
Altamira is situated in the Cordillera Septentrional, 400 meters above sea level. It has a humid forest climate.
It is located at a latitude between 19.6 and 19.7 N and a longitude between 70.7 and 70.8 W. It is bounded on the north by the municipality of Imbert, on the south by Santiago Province, on the west by the municipalities of Guananico and Hope and on the east by the municipality San Felipe. 
It has an approximate land area of 188,08 km. It is the Dominican Republic's fifth largest municipality in area and is divided into eight regions: Río Grande, Pescado Bobo, El Mamey, Palmar Grande, Los Llanos, Higüero, Quebrada Honda y Escalera.

</doc>
<doc id="19599444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599444" title="Strong Vincent High School">
Strong Vincent High School

Strong Vincent High School is a public high school in Erie, Pennsylvania.
History.
Construction began in 1928 and Strong Vincent opened for classes in the
1930s. Originally named West High School. Later changed to honor General Strong Vincent,
which was the first west side school of Erie. The school was dedicated in 1930 by the Rev. Boyd Vincent, brother of General Strong Vincent. The first class graduated in 1931.
Athletics.
Strong Vincent is a member of the Pennsylvania Interscholastic Athletic Association (PIAA) in District 10, Region 6.
Pennsylvania State Championships.
Swimming Team, many, most recently 1964; many individual All Americans.
Wrestling, many individual State Champions, including Timmy McCall, and Terry Magoon, 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="19599478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599478" title="Suehirochō Station (Toyama)">
Suehirochō Station (Toyama)

The is a city tram station on the Takaoka Kidō Line located in Takaoka, Toyama Prefecture, Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="19599496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599496" title="Río Grande, Puerto Plata">
Río Grande, Puerto Plata

Río Grande is a town in the Puerto Plata province of the Dominican Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="19599500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599500" title="Thursday Night Live">
Thursday Night Live

Thursday Night Live may refer to;

</doc>
<doc id="19599507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599507" title="Viktor Skrypnyk">
Viktor Skrypnyk

Viktor Skrypnyk (; born 19 November 1969 in Novomoskovsk) is a retired Ukrainian footballer. He helped Werder Bremen to the league and cup double in 2004. He is now manager of Werder Bremen II.

</doc>
<doc id="19599533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599533" title="Cerro de Navas">
Cerro de Navas

Cerro de Navas is a town in the Puerto Plata province of the Dominican Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="19599536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599536" title="Laren Bright">
Laren Bright

Laren Bright is a writer who worked at Hanna Barbera Productions and Warner Bros. Laren Bright worked on Hanna Barbera shows like "The Snorks", "A Pup Named Scooby-Doo", "Wake, Rattle, and Roll" (Fender Bender 500 segments), "Pirates of Dark Water", "Captain Planet", and other shows. Laren Bright was Story Editor/Writer for Batman Animated Series. Laren Bright was one of story editors for Emmy winning Batman Animated Series episode "Robin's Reckoning Part 1." Here are Pirates of Dark Water episodes Laren Bright worked on.
Notes.
http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0109160/filmoseries#tt0103359

</doc>
<doc id="19599540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599540" title="Kevin Campbell (baseball)">
Kevin Campbell (baseball)

Kevin Wade Campbell is a former professional baseball pitcher. He played in parts of five seasons in Major League Baseball, from 1991 until 1995, for the Oakland Athletics and Minnesota Twins.
Campbell attended the University of Arkansas, where he earned a win in the 1986 College World Series. That June, he was drafted by the Los Angeles Dodgers in the 5th round of the 1986 amateur draft. After spending five seasons in their organization, the Dodgers traded him to the Athletics prior to the 1991 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19599541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599541" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Potter County, Texas">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Potter County, Texas

List of Registered Historic Places in Potter County, Texas
This is intended to be a complete list of properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Potter County, Texas. The locations of National Register properties and districts (at least for all showing latitude and longitude coordinates below) may be seen in a Google map by clicking on "Map of all coordinates".

</doc>
<doc id="19599561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599561" title="Treaty of Vincennes">
Treaty of Vincennes

The Treaty of Vincennes is the name of two separate treaties. One was an 1803 agreement between the United States of America and the Miami and their allies, the Wea tribes and the Shawnee. The purpose of the treaty was to get the native tribes to formally recognize the American ownership of the Vincennes Tract, a parcel of land captured from Great Britain during the American Revolutionary War. The second occurred in 1804 and was to purchase land from the tribes.
Treaty of 1803.
The United States was represented by William Henry Harrison, the Governor of the Indiana Territory. Harrison had been granted authority to settle the American claim to the Vincennes tract by President Thomas Jefferson. The Vincennes tract had been purchased by the Kingdom of France from the Piankeshaw, a Wea tribe, around 1740. The tract was given to the Great Britain as part of the peace settlement after the French and Indian War. George Rogers Clark had captured the territory from the British in the American Revolutionary War, and the United States claimed the tract by right of conquest. In 1802, the government surveyor Thomas Freeman, began a survey of the land, leading to objections from some of the native tribes as to the exact boundaries, and extent of the tract. Jefferson decided the best solution would be open talks with the tribes and compensate them for their claims on the land.
The Vincennes tract was a parcel of land that laid rectangular across the Wabash River. The majority of the land laid on the east bank, but a small parcel was also included along the west bank. The fortified town of Vincennes, an old French trading post, was the primary settlement in the area. In total, the tract contained about of land. The negotiations were successful and in exchange for compensation, the tribes recognized the American ownership of the tract.
Treaty of 1804.
The Treaty of Vincennes signed in 1804 was to purchase additional lands for settlement. The area purchased was south of the Vincennes tract and the Buffalo Trace, north of the Ohio River, and east of the Wabash River. The treaty had the effect of connecting Clark's Grant and the Vincennes Tract. The area had many squatters living on native owned lands which led to rising tensions with the tribes; the treaty relieved pressure on the settlers, allowing them to freely settle the land.

</doc>
<doc id="19599584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599584" title="Pure As the Blood Covered Snow">
Pure As the Blood Covered Snow

Pure As the Blood Covered Snow is the first EP by American black/death metal band, Frost Like Ashes.

</doc>
<doc id="19599590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599590" title="Los Bellosos">
Los Bellosos

Los Bellosos is a town in the Puerto Plata province of the Dominican Republic.
Sources.
http://nona.net/features/map/placedetail.1530656/Los%20Bellosos/

</doc>
<doc id="19599594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599594" title="Tejaswini Prakash">
Tejaswini Prakash

Tejaswini Prakash, also credited as Tejaswini, is an Indian actress who appears in Kannada films.
Career.
Tejaswini Prakash began her career with "Masanada Makkalu", an art film that showcased her credentials as a linguistically versatile dramatist. She went on to win a Special Jury Award for her performance at the South Indian Cinema Association. This was followed up by "Maathaad Maathaadu Mallige", a social/family drama about water rights issues in remote Indian villages. Her sensitive portrayal of the youngest daughter of the protagonist couple (Suhasini and Vishnuvardhan) earned her much accolade, though the length of the role was not very long. 
Tejaswini made her foray into mainstream commercial cinema in 2007 with "Savi Savi Nenapu", where she played a heart transplant patient who has received the heart of the protagonist's dead wife. Her displeasure with the film's producers for not including her in any of the publicity material was much publicized in the Kannada film press. However, much of the controversy was swept under the rug as the film took off and her performance as the damaged second heroine who gets a new lease on life was received with much praise from critics and audiences alike. She followed it up with a guest appearance in "Ee Preethi Yeke Bhoomi Melide", the much-anticipated acting debut of director Prem. However, as the film severely disappointed at the box office, her performance went largely unnoticed. 
Tejaswini got another break when she starred opposite Ganesh in his 2008 blockbuster "Aramane". In this film, Tejaswini portrayed a small-town girl who tries to play matchmaker between a photographer, Arun (played by Ganesh) and her own sister (played by Roma), eventually falling for Arun herself. Tejaswini's depiction of the mischievous, but lovable "Neeta", who suffers silently through heartbreak had audiences in tears, and won her many favorable reviews. Her character's delicate lisp and obscure dialect of Kannada became a fashionable speaking pattern for teenage girls to emulate. 
Tejaswini alleged that both the film's director (Nagashekhar) and producer (K. Manju) hid from her the fact that her character does not end up with the hero in the end. She claimed she was only informed after several days of filming had passed, and had originally signed the film with the understanding that Neeta marries Arun. Due to Tejaswini's family's friendship with K. Manju, she was discouraged from taking the issue to the media. The industry felt that she was being very arrogant, considering she is still a newcomer. However, many industry insiders suspected her displeasure when Tejaswini did not mention "Aramane" in some of her interviews and conspicuously did not attend either the soundtrack release, the film's premiere, or the 50-day celebration party. Her ire and arrogance appeared to have cooled off by the time "Aramane" had completed a 100-day run however, and Tejaswini finally appeared at the celebration party, and accepted the Producers' trophies. 
Tejaswini then appeared in "E-Preeti", directed by Indian-American filmmaker Priyabharati Joshi, and co-starring Diganth. Incidentally, Priyabharati had also launched Tejaswini's "Aramane" co-star Ganesh in his first film, "Guttu".

</doc>
<doc id="19599595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599595" title="BoBo (band)">
BoBo (band)

BOBO is a Chinese boy band composed of two members, Jing Boran () and Fu Xinbo (). 
The two became famous after competing in the 2007 "My Hero" () competition, with Jing Boran winning first and Fu Xinbo third. In 2008, the two released their own EP, "Glory" (), and then the album, "The Big World" (). Since their debut, they have won multiple new artists awards.
In 2008, they performed during the pre-ceremony performance of the 2008 Summer Paralympics opening ceremony. The two also began their acting career in 2008, with Fu Xinbo playing in "I am Veeker" () and Jing Boran in "A Tribute to Stephen Chow" ().
Origin of the name.
Both members of the group have a "bo" sound in their names. When combined, Jing Boran's Bo () and Fu Xinbo's Bo (), form the name BOBO.
Fanclubs.
Jing Boran's fanclub is known as BBF, standing for BaBy Face because during the "My Hero" competition, one judge called Jing Boran Baby Face.
Fu Xinbo's fanclub is known as BBT, standing for Bong Bang Tang, another term for lollipop. He was also nicknamed “Little Meat Bun" for his puffy cheeks. Fans of BoBo as a whole are called BBS, or BOBO'S fans.
Awards.
2007 My Hero National Competition
2007 BQ
2007 FM 917 Vacation Awards Ceremony
2007 QQ Starlight Ceremony
2007 Sina Internet Awards
2007 Music Radio Top Chinese Charts
2008 University Students Music Festival

</doc>
<doc id="19599597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599597" title="Nicollette Sheridan">
Nicollette Sheridan

Nicollette Sheridan (born 21 November 1963) is an English television and film actress, known for playing Edie Britt on the ABC dramedy series "Desperate Housewives" (2004–2009) and as Paige Matheson of the CBS primetime soap opera "Knots Landing" (1986–1993). In film, she is known for her roles in "The Sure Thing" (1985), "Noises Off" (1992), "Spy Hard" (1996) and "Beverly Hills Ninja" (1997).
Early life.
Sheridan was born in Worthing, Sussex, England, the daughter of actress Sally Sheridan (née Adams). She attended school at Millfield in Somerset. In 1969 her mother began an affair with Greek-American actor Telly Savalas while working with him on the James Bond film "On Her Majesty's Secret Service". After completion of shooting, Savalas moved the entire family to the United States. Her mother gave birth to a son, Nicholas Savalas, on 24 February 1973. Telly Savalas and Sally Sheridan separated in 1977, and the family split their time between the United States and England.
Career.
Sheridan made her acting debut in 1984 in the short-lived US primetime soap opera "Paper Dolls", which co-starred Lloyd Bridges and Morgan Fairchild. However, her breakthrough came in 1986 when she joined the cast of the CBS primetime soap "Knots Landing" as Paige Matheson. She started in a recurring role but had become a series regular by the 1988-89 season. Sheridan remained with the series for seven seasons until its end in 1993, and for her performance in the role she won the 1990 Soap Opera Digest Award for Outstanding Lead Actress: Prime Time and the 1991 Soap Opera Digest Award for Outstanding Heroine: Prime Time. The same year, she was named one of "People Magazines "50 Most Beautiful People". In 1990, she was cast as Lucky Santangelo in the television adaptation of Jackie Collins' "Lucky Chances". She also appeared in several made-for-TV films, and after "Knots Landing" ended in 1993, she appeared in the theatrical films "Spy Hard" and "Beverly Hills Ninja". In 1998, she auditioned for the role of Grace Adler on "Will & Grace", though the role ultimately went to Debra Messing. However, Sheridan did make a guest appearance on the show in 2003.
In 2004, Sheridan was cast as Edie Britt in the ABC comedy-drama series "Desperate Housewives". On 15 November 2004, Sheridan (in character as Britt) appeared with NFL wide receiver Terrell Owens in an introductory skit to that evening's "Monday Night Football" episode. Some observers condemned the skit as sexually suggestive (see video), and ABC later apologized for airing it. On 14 March 2005, the Federal Communications Commission ruled that the skit did not violate decency standards, because it contained no outright nudity or foul language. Sheridan was nominated for a 2005 Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress and was ranked #48 on "Maxim"'s 2006 Hot 100 List. In February 2009, during the show's fifth season, Sheridan announced her departure from "Desperate Housewives". Her exit episode aired in April 2009 when Edie Britt was killed in a car accident. Unlike the other main characters who had been killed off over the years on "Desperate Housewives", Sheridan did not make an appearance in the show's final episode which aired in May 2012.
In 2010, Sheridan was cast in an untitled CBS comedy pilot as a mother who battles with her British ex-husband to get her teenaged daughter to stardom, but the show not was picked up. In September 2010, Sheridan starred in the Hallmark Channel film, "Honeymoon for One", which was set in Ireland. The film premiered on the Hallmark Channel on 13 August 2011. In 2013, she starred and co-produced another Hallmark movie, called "The Christmas Spirit". In an interview in November 2013, Sheridan announced that she was hoping to find a network for a half-hour comedy series that she is currently writing herself.
Personal life.
Relationships.
From 1979 to 1985, Sheridan dated singer and actor Leif Garrett. Two decades later, Garrett credited Sheridan for helping him at the start of his career, and said of her "She's a special person in my life."
Sheridan was married to actor Harry Hamlin from 1991 to 1993. The pair had starred together in the 1990 TV movie "Deceptions".
She began seeing Swedish personal trainer Nicklas Söderblom in 2004 and became engaged to him on New Year's Eve 2004; the pair called off the engagement in October 2005.
After her 2005 break-up with Söderblom, Sheridan returned to ex-boyfriend Michael Bolton, whom she had originally dated for five years starting in 1992. Sheridan and Bolton announced their engagement in March 2006. In 2006, Sheridan and Bolton sang a duet, "The Second Time Around", for the album "Bolton Swings Sinatra". In March 2008, Sheridan posed naked for a London Fog charity ad which also featured Bolton. Sheridan and Bolton broke off their engagement in August 2008.
Lawsuit.
In April 2010, Sheridan filed a $20 million lawsuit against "Desperate Housewives" creator/producer Marc Cherry and ABC Television, alleging that she was assaulted by Cherry on the set of the show and was then fired when she reported the alleged abuse to the network. In her lawsuit, Sheridan claimed wrongful termination, assault and battery, gender violence, discrimination based on sex, sexual orientation and age, and intentional infliction of emotional distress. She also alleged that Cherry was abusive to other cast members and writers. ABC responded by stating that while they were unaware of this particular complaint, they had investigated similar claims made by Sheridan and reportedly found them to be without merit. The show's stars, (Teri Hatcher, Felicity Huffman, Marcia Cross and Eva Longoria), pledged their support to help Cherry in his battle against Sheridan's allegations.
In May 2011, a judge granted permission for the case to continue to trial, but threw out Sheridan's claims of harassment. The case finally went to court on 27 February 2012. Sheridan's lawyer reiterated their claim that she was fired from the show after Cherry struck her across her head and she complained to ABC executives about the incident. Cherry asserted that the alleged striking was in fact a tap to the head with his fingers, done in rehearsals when he was demonstrating to Sheridan how she should play a physical gag in a scene. He also stated that the decision to kill off her character was already approved in May 2008 (several months before the alleged hitting incident in September 2008) due, in part, to the need to reduce the show's budget. He also cited Sheridan's unprofessional on-set behavior (such as habitual lateness, not learning her lines, and feuding with her co-stars), and the fact that her character had simply "run its course" as other reasons for the decision. On 13 March 2012, the judge dismissed the battery charge against Cherry due to lack of evidence, and the lawsuit then focused solely on Sheridan's alleged wrongful termination by ABC. Closing arguments were heard on 14 March 2012 and the jury began their deliberations. By 19 March 2012, the twelve members of the jury had failed to reach a verdict and a mistrial was declared. A retrial was scheduled for September 2012, but this was dismissed in August when the Los Angeles Court of Appeal determined that Sheridan had not been wrongfully fired. The court rejected Sheridan's argument that ABC’s decision not to renew her option for another season was analogous to a violation of at-will employment. The court reasoned that unlike an at-will employee whose contract could remain in force indefinitely, Sheridan’s contract was for a set term that had expired and therefore ABC had not terminated her but simply chosen not to rehire her for another fixed-term contract. However, the court declared that Sheridan was free to file an amended lawsuit alleging that ABC retaliated against her for complaining about unsafe working conditions. A further appeal made by Sheridan to the California Supreme Court was rejected in November 2012, A new trial based solely on the retaliation claim was set for December 2013, but this too was dismissed in October 2013 by a judge who stated that Sheridan should have exhausted her claims through a labor commissioner before pursuing a trial. A further attempt by Sheridan to secure a new trial was refused on 16 January 2014, however the same judge reverted his decision on 29 January 2014 and granted Sheridan a new trial.

</doc>
<doc id="19599610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599610" title="Magnet Schools Assistance Program">
Magnet Schools Assistance Program

Magnet Schools Assistance is a Federal grants program administered by the U.S. Department of Education. The program is designed to help desegregate public schools by supporting the elimination, reduction, and prevention of minority group isolation in elementary and secondary schools with substantial numbers of minority group students. The program is defined in the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965, in Section 5301.
Types of projects.
Magnet schools offer a wide range of distinctive education programs. Some emphasize academic subjects such as math, science, technology, language immersion, visual and performing arts, or humanities. Others use specific instructional approaches, such as the Montessori method, or approaches found in international baccalaureate programs or early college programs.

</doc>
<doc id="19599621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599621" title="Yásica Arriba">
Yásica Arriba

Yasica Arriba is a town in the Puerto Plata province of the Dominican Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="19599625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599625" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Smith County, Texas">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Smith County, Texas

List of Registered Historic Places in Smith County, Texas
This is intended to be a complete list of properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Smith County, Texas. The locations of National Register properties and districts (at least for all showing latitude and longitude coordinates below) may be seen in a Google map by clicking on "Map of all coordinates".

</doc>
<doc id="19599650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599650" title="Sabaneta de Yásica">
Sabaneta de Yásica

Sabaneta de Yásica is a small municipal district (distrito municipal - D.M.) in the Puerto Plata province on the north coast of the Dominican Republic.
Within Sabaneta are ten villages: Villa Islabon, Canta La Rana, Verdun, El Cementerio, El Cruze, La Gallera, El Framboyan, Los Robles, Palo Amarillo and Cuesta Barrosa. The district's cemetery is in the village of El Cementerio.
The area has one public school (Enriqueta Omler) and one private school (Colegio Evangelico de Formacion Humana), a number of supermarkets, restaurants, stores, mechanics and an internet café. It has one medical center and various drugstores, but no clinic though there are two just 3 and 5 minutes away in the next town, Villa Progresso.
There is a basketball court and numerous billiard sites which serve cold beer and where dominoes can be played. It is about 10 minutes away from Cabarete with its restaurants, bars, and discos; 20 minutes away from the airport in Sosúa; and 40 minutes away from the Playa Grande, a notable beach. 
A river called the Rio Yasica flows through the district. Grown here are fruits such as mangoes, cajuiles, and there are large plantations of yucca and plantains.

</doc>
<doc id="19599662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599662" title="Volleyball at the 1992 Summer Paralympics">
Volleyball at the 1992 Summer Paralympics

Volleyball at the 1992 Summer Paralympics consisted of two events, men's sitting and men's standing.

</doc>
<doc id="19599665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599665" title="La Jaiba">
La Jaiba

La Jaiba is a town in the Puerto Plata province of the Dominican Republic.
Sources.
http://nona.net/features/map/placedetail.1529439/La%20Jaiba/

</doc>
<doc id="19599676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599676" title="Gualete">
Gualete

Gualete is a town in the Puerto Plata province of the Dominican Republic.
Sources.
http://nona.net/features/map/placedetail.1528216/Gualete/

</doc>
<doc id="19599678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599678" title="Characters of Sanctuary">
Characters of Sanctuary

The characters in the Canadian science fiction-fantasy television series "Sanctuary" are predominantly "abnormals": advanced humans or creatures, and the show centers on bringing other abnormals to the Sanctuary in the fictional Old City, for the purpose of protecting the public, as well as the abnormals themselves. Most of the Sanctuary team are abnormals, despite looking human: Helen Magnus (Amanda Tapping) has longevity, John Druitt (Christopher Heyerdahl) and Ashley Magnus (Emilie Ullerup) can teleport, and Henry Foss (Ryan Robbins) is a werewolf. Even Will Zimmerman (Robin Dunne) was twice turned to an abnormal temporarily: firstly in the episode "Warriors", then later in the episode "Metamorphosis". Several of the actors who play their respective characters have been nominated for Leo and Constellation Awards.
Main characters.
Helen Magnus.
Doctor Helen Magnus, played by Amanda Tapping is a 162 year old teratologist (born August 27, 1850 and sent back in time 113 years.) and head of the Sanctuary in Old City. She was born in England during the Victorian era, and was one of the first female doctors and scientists of the Royal College of Surgeons in London. Her father, Gregory Magnus, taught her about his private research of studying and helping the Abnormals. She later builds the Sanctuary Network in Old City using her father's designs to accommodate the Abnormals. On one hunt, she saves Will Zimmerman during his childhood from a deadly Abnormal, though she is unable to rescue his mother. Decades later, she recruits Will as her protege.
Will Zimmerman.
Doctor Will Zimmerman, played by Robin Dunne is a police forensic psychiatrist, who possesses natural empathic abilities and a sense of perception. This trait leaves him unpopular with his bosses, and he is often ridiculed or ignored for theories that are "out of the box". Sometime before the series, his girlfriend, Meg (Kandyse McClure) breaks up with him. Will secretly suffers nightmares due to an encounter with an Abnormal that left his mother dead. While investigating the mysterious deaths of two local police officers, Will is confronted and eventually recruited by Helen Magnus to help treat her patients (specifically those who are difficult to reach emotionally and need to be convinced to trust her). Though highly skeptical of things that science cannot explain, he learns to accept all things extraordinary. He spends his time in the series on his travels with Magnus and the rest of the Sanctuary crew.
Ashley Magnus.
Ashley Magnus, played by Emilie Ullerup (Webisodes, main Season 1–2) is the daughter of Helen Magnus and John Druitt. After her conception, Helen kept the frozen embryo for over a century. When she could no longer bear the loneliness from her longevity and from losing Druitt, though she is at first unaware of it, she retrieves the embryo. Despite what Ashley lacks in behavioral skills, she more than makes up for it as an expert monster hunter, becoming proficient in using advanced weaponry and technology. Ashley is quite close to her mother and provides a counterbalance to Helen's desire to protect Abnormals, as she normally doesn't hesitate in terminating hostile ones and using whatever methods necessary to capture targets. She is on good terms with Sylvio (known as Ernie in the Web series) and his men, though Helen thinks otherwise. In "The Five", she learns that Druitt is her father (she was made aware of it in the fourth Webisode), and eventually comes to accept it.
In the Season 1 finale "Revelations", Ashley and Henry Foss break into a Cabal weapons facility to retrieve the files relating to "Lazarus", the weapon used to turn Abnormals on Humans, but are captured by the Cabal, who drug her and turn her into an Abnormal, inheriting her father's teleportation abilities. After the two escape, she is forced by Dana Whitcomb who now controls her to steal the vial of Vampire-blood taken by the team to cure the weapon, and escapes to the Cabal facility on Easter Island, where she is formally welcomed to The Cabal. In the season 2 premiere "End of Nights", the Cabal use the Vampire-blood to convert her into a Vampire-hybrid, which apparently destroys her personality. They then use her DNA to create five more hybrids, who start taking down the Sanctuary network. During an attack against the Old City facility, Ashley reasserts her original personality long enough to save her mother, apparently killing herself in the process by teleporting while the EM shield is up with the last hybrid. Magnus believes Ashley survives, but her searches are fruitless, Magnus is forced to accept that she is gone.
Henry Foss.
Henry Foss (referred to as Hank by Kate Freelander), played by Ryan Robbins (Webisodes, recurring Season 1, main Season 2–4) was found on the Moors as a child by Helen Magnus. (In the webisodes, however, he is the descendant of Gregory Magnus' first weaponsmith.) He is a friend of Ashley and of Bigfoot. He is a self-proclaimed geek in computer science, as well as a weapons designer, including the construction of a short-wave sonic weapon, and often supplies new gear to Ashley for missions, as well as regularly maintaining Sanctuary's defenses such as an EM shield, keeping them working just as well. Like many among the Sanctuary, he is an Abnormal, a werewolf (a class nine hyper-accelerated protean life form or HAP). He took diazepam to suppress his werewolf abilities, but quit the drug upon realizing that his abilities are controllable. He considered surgery from Helen to rid his werewolf side, but ultimately chose to not undergo the surgery. He can transform at will. Until recently, he has been unable to find or communicate with other HAPs. He investigated a werewolf sighting in Northern England and was able to locate a group of HAPs living in a restricted sanitarium and taking medication to suppress their werewolf transformations, believing they will become uncontrolled monsters. He shows them otherwise and begins a romantic relationship with one of them, Erica. His ability has proven useful, including an incident where he is able to harness his power and escape from the Cabal, who plan to turn him into a werewolf permanently.
Actor Ryan Robbins described his role as "by far the easiest to work on", compared to his other prominent roles in television, including Ladon Radim in "Stargate Atlantis", and Charlie Connor in "Battlestar Galactica". Foss was a recurring character in Season 1, but was upgraded to a main character for Season 2. For his role as Henry Foss in "Edward", Ryan Robbins won a Leo Award for "Best Guest Performance by a Male in a Dramatic Series".
Bigfoot.
"Bigfoot", also known as big guy or biggie, played by Christopher Heyerdahl, who also plays John Druitt is an intelligent Neanderthal-like species, and a former patient of Dr. Magnus. Before he met Magnus, he liked to scare children. Magnus retrieved him (over fifty years ago) and has said to have removed "more than a few bullets" from him, and when he refused to leave her, she appointed him a place in her staff, where he mostly acts as a butler, chauffeur, body guard and general handy man. He is allergic to flowers. He admits to Will Zimmerman that he once scared him for fun during his childhood. Though he does appear to be afraid of him at first, Will grows to respect and befriend him. In the season 1 finale, he becomes infected with the Cabal bioweapon designed to turn abnormals against humans, and is confined to a cell, with the team hoping that a vial of Vampire blood used to try to stop the weapon would reverse his rampage. In the season 2 premiere, Bigfoot refuses to take the cure Tesla has developed, because taking anything made by humans would be against his people's beliefs, even though he is already an outcast to them. However, he eventually takes the serum to help his friends battle the Vampire-hybrids, after some persuasion by Magnus.
Throughout the series, Bigfoot uses the caveman-like "ack, ack" expression. According to Damian Kindler, Heyerdahl invented it for his character. The expression has made an effect on the crew, who also sometimes uses the impression while on break as communicating each other.
Kate Freelander.
Kate Freelander, played by Agam Darshi (main Season 2–3, recurring Season 4) is a con-artist with Cabal connection and has a vast knowledge of their tactics and movements. She was born in Mumbai but raised in Chicago, and left after her father (who was a safecracker for a gang) was murdered by Jimmy, a former gang member who later assists Magnus. She first appears in the second season premiere, "End of Nights". She reluctantly switches sides to the Sanctuary after she is head hunted by the Cabal, and assists them combating the Vampire-hybrids. She becomes a member of the Sanctuary, taking over Ashley's duties, and helps recapture an Abnormal she accidentally released that now thinks she is its mother. In an alternate future, she and Will had a son named Magnus Zimmerman, though being in the probable future, their relationship never took place. However she expresses by far the most concern for Will during his disappearance suggesting she has feelings for him. When Will is brought to the edge of death to contact Kali, Kate shows great concern for him, telling him he will return and doesn't give up on him, even when he's apparently gone and is visibly relieved when he returns to life. She also shows great concern for Will in Metamorphosis, and several times appears about to tell him something and then turning away. She is absent for much of season four, having agreed to go underground to help the Hollow Earth Abnormals as they attempt to rebuild their society. This decision is heavily influenced by her blossoming romance with Garris, one of their leaders.
Recurring characters.
John Druitt.
Montague John Druitt, played by Christopher Heyerdahl (Webisodes, recurring) is the primary antagonist of the opening webisodes and TV pilot. He is a member of "The Five" during the Victorian era and Helen's former lover. As a member of "The Five", he has the ability to teleport at will. However, in one instance, he was taken host by an energy creature, which drives him into homicidal behaviour, and becomes Jack the Ripper, murdering eight prostitutes. He reappears in "Sanctuary for All", where he allows himself to be captured by his daughter, Ashley and brought to the Sanctuary to confront Helen, since he is dying. He sabotages the Sanctuary's defenses and uses his power to put Ashley's life in danger to force Helen to give him her blood, which he says she gave him to save his life once before. She acquiesces, but gives him a poisoned sample; his body becomes unstable and he teleports out. In "The Five", he is revealed to have been revived by fellow "Five" member, Nikola Tesla. When Druitt refuses to join his cause, Tesla tortures him, but that apparently either weakens or otherwise disables the energy creature, and abates his violent tendencies. He escapes and captures Ashley, in order for her to help him save Magnus from Tesla, who he believes is set to kill her. He convinces Ashley, and they rescue Magnus from Tesla and the Cabal in Rome.
He returns again in "Revelations" to aid the Sanctuary team in stopping the Cabal from bringing about a war between humans and Abnormals with the biological weapon "Lazarus". Aided with other members of the "Five", the group successfully retrieves the vial of pure vampire blood needed to find a cure for the weapon. However, in the end, the vial is stolen by Ashley, who defects to the Cabal, by whom she was brainwashed previously. After his daughter is apparently killed, he teams up with Tesla and manages to take down several Cabal cells. After returning to the Sanctuary, he reverts to a psychotic murderer, due to the energy creature reasserting itself. The energy creature is released, and locks down the building to kill everyone inside. Druitt saves everybody by teleporting to the same area as the creature, allowing it to take him host again, and then teleporting away. In season 3, Helen tracked him down in the Philippines, as she needed his help to get to her father's mystery city. He was still unstable, but slightly less murderous than before, and so proved immensely helpful in the quest. As part of a larger plot, Adam Worth deceived him, and Druitt was violently tortured. Their next encounter was quite bloody. However, Worth managed to convince Druitt to let him live in exchange for a chance to travel back in time and prevent himself from gaining his powers and madness. Worth broke his word and so Druitt teamed up with Magnus in an attempt to stop him. This required Druitt to absorb large amounts of energy, strengthening his violent parasite and having an unknown effect on his sanity.
When Christopher Heyerdahl was offered a role in the web series, he read several characters and got interested in Druitt, immediately admiring the character. He was surprised yet elated that he got the part of Druitt. Jason Hughes of "TV Squad" said that Heyerdahl has done a good job at playing sinister, and that the actor fits the stereotype for tall, pale and bald antagonists. For his role as Druitt in "Revelations (Part 2)", Christopher Heyerdahl was nominated for a Leo Award for "Best Supporting Performance by a Male in a Dramatic Series".
Nikola Tesla.
Nikola Tesla, played by Jonathon Young (recurring) is a member of the Five, where the vampire blood he was injected with activated his dormant Vampiric genes, resulting in him becoming part-vampire, as well as gaining the ability to control electricity. He also has a taste for expensive wine. He despises humanity for destroying the pure-blooded vampires centuries ago. Tesla eventually leaves the Five and goes underground for over 60 years to resurrect his vampiric ancestors. He attempts to get John Druitt to join him, but John refuses. Tesla responds by torturing him, though this unwittingly restores Druitt's sanity. Tesla wants Helen to join him also, but she refuses, even after he kills and resurrects the Cabal members who are hunting them. He is seemingly killed by Druitt before Tesla can kill her. He later regenerates and returns alone to Bhalasaam, the lost city which housed the last of the vampires. He reluctantly joins the rest of the Five in undergoing various trials to gain a vial of vampire blood needed to stop the Cabal's bioweapon Lazarus. In his trial, he is forced to endure a severe electrical charge.
In the second season, he develops a cure for the Lazarus virus and a weapon to neutralise the powers of Vampire-hybrids, who attempt to take down the Sanctuary network. He later aids Druitt in taking down several Cabal cells. Later, Tesla opens a clinic in Mexico, which he uses to infect wealthy drug-addicted teenagers with a treatment that will slowly change them into Vampires in 30 years, after they inherit positions of power from their parents, effectively creating a new vampire age of enlightenment (in Sanctuary, Vampires are responsible for the age of enlightenment before they were driven extinct by humanity at the dawn of The Dark Ages). However, he overlooks the possibility that they may die within the 30-year development. One of his patients dies and subsequently resurrects in a car crash, only to kill all of his friends from the clinic, thereby activating the vampire genes and resurrecting them as well. Tesla teams up with the Sanctuary to reverse the transformation, but loses his own Vampiric powers by accident. He then decides to continue in his efforts to take over the world and also discovers that he now has the ability to control magnetism instead of electricity. 
In Season 3, Nikola sends an SOS call to the sanctuary team from the mountains of Colombia where he finds a mutated centipede in an abandoned Cabal research facility that could contain traces of source blood required to become a vampire once again. After Helen rescues Tesla, he and Magnus start deciphering the clues of the map of the underground city of Praxis that Gregory Magnus sent to Helen. To apologize for leaving him at the Sanctuary during the expedition to the city, Magnus takes him to a former Praxian stronghold, where he regains his vampiric abilities from the blood of a surviving vampire queen kept in stasis and loses his reverence for his ancestors when she expresses the desire to enslave the human race. Magnus and Tesla trick her into attempting to read the map of Praxis while they escape the stronghold, and the queen is killed when the vampire failsafe in the Praxian technology destroys the entire complex.
In the fourth season, Magnus discovers that Tesla has been appointed the head of SCIU, the U.S. government's anti-abnormal task force, headquartered at Area 51, in the southeastern desert (the one in Roswell is apparently a decoy), where Tesla defrauds the US government out of research funding intended for an Abnormal final solution, instead focusing on his own pursuits of inventing wireless, limitless electricity from the radiation of the temporal rift. While Magnus is furious with Tesla over assisting the SCIU, he makes amends by sending her the blueprints of the facility. Shortly afterward, he is inevitably fired from SCIU when they discover he is using the research money for his personal science projects. For the remainder of the season he assists the Sanctuary in their stand against an abnormal terrorist cell.
Jonathon Young plays Tesla during a theatrical tour from "The Electric Company", as well as win festivals with it. For his role as Nikola Tesla, Young received a 2009 Leo Award nomination for "Best Guest Performance by a Male in a Dramatic Series", along with Ryan Robbins; the latter won the award.
James Watson.
James Watson, played by Peter Wingfield (recurring Season 1, 3-4) is a member of "The Five", who displays great intelligence, enough to build a powered exoskeleton to keep him alive for over a century. Like other members of the Five, Watson is an allusion to a historical figure. The in-universe story is that Arthur Conan Doyle patterned Sherlock Holmes' deductive genius on Watson. However, out of respect of Watson's privacy, Conan Doyle created the "Holmes" pseudonym for the detective, and named the sidekick "Watson".
He was the head of the UK Sanctuary. He had a friendship with John Druitt, until he realized that Druitt was Jack the Ripper, the man he wanted to investigate and capture. This led to him seemingly hating Druitt more than any other member of "The Five". Druitt also appeared to be more upset with the loss of Watson's friendship than any other member of "The Five", indicating how close they once were. Currently, it appears that he only remained close to Magnus. In "Revelations" he assists the rest of the Five to acquire a vial of vampire blood to stop the Cabal, who plans to launch the bioweapon "Lazarus" to infect the abnormals and turn them against humans. They retrieve the vial through tests, one testing his intelligence. This test also helped restore the friendship he and Druitt once had. However, by the time they retrieve the vial, his exoskeleton fails, and Watson ages over 100 years in mere minutes. Before he dies, he tells Will to think of what they missed, since the retrieval seemed too easy.
Joe Kavanaugh.
Joe Kavanaugh, played by Kavan Smith (Webisodes, recurring Season 1) is a Detective for the Old City Police Department. He seems unappreciative of Zimmerman's work, and rejects his theories in certain crime scenes. However, after Zimmerman leaves to join the Sanctuary, Kavanaugh occasionally finds himself asking Zimmerman's opinion with other unusual cases, including one incident in "Edward", and with time gains respect for Zimmerman's talents and beliefs.
Clara Griffin.
Clara Griffin, played by Christine Chatelain (recurring Season 1–2) is the granddaughter of Nigel Griffin (Vincent Gale), who was a member of "The Five". She had inherited the power of invisibility. His powers were passed on to his daughter, and to Clara after he dies of natural causes. The Sanctuary finds her in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, where she reluctantly joins the team to stop the Cabal's "Lazarus" bioweapon. She uses her invisibility powers to gather a key to acquire a vial of vampire blood to stop Lazarus, though it is later stolen by Ashley who defects to the Cabal. In Season 2 she has a relationship with Will. However, she is killed by Super Abnormals, who are able to see through her invisibility.
Dana Whitcomb.
Dana Whitcomb, played by Lynda Boyd (recurring Season 1–2), is the director of Operations and Logistics in the Cabal, and oversees several of their operations, including the Lazarus virus and the conversion of Ashley Magnus into a Super Abnormal. After the Sanctuary defeat the Cabal in the beginning of the second season, Whitcomb goes on the run. However, Druitt is able to track her down, though her fate is unknown.
Terrance Wexford.
Terrance Wexford, played by Paul McGillion (Webisodes, recurring Season 2–3) is an Abnormal and expert on ancient artifacts. He first appeared in the sixth webisode, informing Magnus the nature of The Morrígan. His appearance was cut from "Fata Morgana" in the TV adaption. In the TV adaption, however, he is the leader of the New York Sanctuary. The Network appoints him in charge over Magnus once they learn that she kept alive "Big Bertha", apparently the most dangerous Abnormal on the Earth. He attempts to kill Big Bertha, but this only succeeds in angering her enough to cause a tsunami. In the following episode, his crew discover Wexford is so determined to kill the Abnormal he is willing to kill Magnus if she is in the way. Because of his reckless command, Magnus eventually overrules him and retakes command of the Sanctuary Network. In the next episode, because he broke several protocols, including firing at a passenger yacht, he is relieved of command from the New York Sanctuary. Paul McGillion stated that Wexford is "a lot more evil than I thought he would've been", but added "it's a really fun character to play, it's always fun playing villains". Prosthetics and contact lenses were applied to McGillion to appear as the abnormal Wexford, though he would often have trouble seeing what he was doing whilst shooting scenes. McGillion has reprised his role as Wexford in the third season, where he would be "heavily in the first two episodes".
Declan MacRae.
Declan MacRae, played by Robert Lawrenson (recurring Season 2-4) is the head of the London Sanctuary, following the death of Watson. After the base falls victim to the Vampire hybrids, he occasionally assists the Old City base in their operations. In "Veritas", he takes temporary charge of the Sanctuary while Magnus is charged with murdering Bigfoot, until it is revealed Magnus did this to stop a member of the telepathic "Triad" whom she suspected for several years. In Firewall, he along with Kate, Helen, Henry and Will captured a deadly Abnormal in Old City.
In season 4, he leads a search party into the ruins of Praxtus, the underground city, to find Helen Magnus. He and a committee name Will Zimmerman Head of the global Sanctuary network in Magnus's absence.
Adam Worth.
Adam Worth, played by Ian Tracey (recurring Season 3–4) is a former acquaintance of The Five, who wanted to become one of them but was continually denied. Adam has a Jekyll and Hyde-type personality disorder, where Adam is calm and peaceful and Hyde being exactly the opposite. The split occurred after his beloved daughter died of a disease he felt Magnus should have tried harder to cure, leading to his long-standing enmity. The Five were charged with hunting him down and killing him due to his murderous tendencies. Magnus shot him at the top of a cliff and he plummeted to the river below, but he did not die. Instead, he ended up in Praxis, which he nearly managed to destroy with his experiments in time dilation. He later used those experiments to capture and irradiate Magnus as part of a plot to get back to Praxis. When his initial attempt was thwarted, he manipulated hordes of disaffected subterranean Abnormals into providing a distraction while he finished work on his time machine, which successfully opened a portal to 1898. In the following episode titled "Tempus" Magnus kills Adam with an advanced weapon shortly after he fails to save his daughters life.
Two Faced Guy.
Two faced Guy, played by Chuck Campbell (minor recurring Season 1-3) is an abnormal who appears normal from front on, but has a second face on the back of his head, the back headed face (played by Brad Proctor) being more abnormal looking. He is the most human of the abnormals, and unlike the others, he has freedom of the sanctuary. He is sometimes seen helping with minor tasks, and is shown drinking with Big Guy in season three, discussing somewhat derisively how the human team members talk about their missions.

</doc>
<doc id="19599681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599681" title="Peckham Boys">
Peckham Boys

The Peckham Boys, also referred to as "Black Gang", are a gang based in Peckham, South London. Southwark Council has identified the Peckham/Pecknarm Young Gunners (PYG), Peckham Killers/Young Peckham Boys (P.K/Y.P.B), Lettsom G'z (L.G), S.Way (Referring to Southampton Way-"A road leading from Camberwell to Peckham"), Anti-Social/Get Money Gangsters/Guns, Money, Girls (Anti/GMG), Shoot Instant (S.I), Don't F**K About/Drugz Funz Armz (D.F.A), Black Gang Ryders (B.G.R), Crane Block, Original Pecky Bangers (O.P.B) and Spare No1 (SN1)-(The head group) as currently the most active sets of the Peckham Boys. The Peckham Boys are allied with the Wooly Road/Wooly Hood (Walworth Road/SE17) boys, the groups go by the names of Out To Ball/O-Tray Bang (O.T.B), Every Bodyz Killerz (E.B.K), Criminally Gifted (C.G), Wooly Road Mandem (W.R.M), Money Over Fuckerz (M.O.F) and Brandon Boyz/Brandon Blockz (B.B)(Referring to Brandon Estate).
History.
Mid 2000s.
Peak of conflict with the Ghetto Boys.
In October 2004, the Peckham Boys and Ghetto Boys had an infamous shootout outside the Urban Music Awards, held in the Barbican Centre, London. During the shootout at least 18 shots were exchanged. One stray shot hit an innocent by-stander, Helen Kelly. The underwire of her bra deflected the bullet, preventing fatal injury. Linton Ambursley from Lewisham, a Ghetto Boys member, was jailed for 12 years after admitting wounding with intent.
On 17 September 2006, a man was shot and stabbed to death on the Woodpecker Estate in New Cross by the Peckham Boys, after being mistaken for a member of the Ghetto Boys. He was attacked by a group of approximately 30 Peckham Boys, who had travelled to New Cross on bicycles. As of 2010 the murder remains unsolved, as do 5 other recent murders on the Woodpecker Estate.
That same night, a man was chased in Deptford by approximately 30-40 youths before being stabbed, but survived.
In November 2006, the Peckham Boys made it into the list of Time Out Magazine's top 100 'Movers and Shakers' for the year 2006. It is a list of the most influential groups or organisations in London.
Late 2000s.
In September 2007, a leader of the Peckham Boys was jailed after being found in possession of a Mac 10 sub-machine gun, three handguns, two silencers, 379 rounds of ammunition, 60,000 fake ecstasy pills, 10 ounces of cannabis and thousands of pounds-worth of cocaine.
In October 2008, during an exchange of shots between a member of the Ghetto Boys and a Peckham Boys member, Polish care worker Magda Pniewska was hit by a stray bullet and died. The shootout occurred in New Cross.
In September 2008, police conducted dawn raids on suspected members of the Peckham Boys gang. It is believed that the group conducted 120 robberies in what police have called a "prolific" criminal enterprise. The gang are believed to have used knives, machetes, crowbars, guns and heavy screwdrivers to ensure that their operations were successful. Those arrested were between their mid-20s and mid-30s.
In July 2009, a 13 year old boy was stabbed five times in Camberwell by the OC (Organised Crime) Gang, in a street battle with the PYG Gang from Peckham.
In September 2009, a member of the Brixton-based OC gang was jailed for shooting a bystander dead, when attempting to murder two youths from the PYG gang. The attack was in retaliation for an incident earlier that day, in which an OC member was shot by PYG.
Early 2010s.
In August 2010, the Metropolitan Police announced that they had convicted several members of the Shoot Instant Gang (an offshoot of the Peckham Boys), on charges of dealing class A drugs. The convictions were a result of a raid on Southwark-based gang members, in which a total of 80 people were arrested.
On 6 September 2010, a member of the Peckham Boys, George Ogaba, was killed after his motorcycle was rammed by a car in Peckham. His death followed an earlier non-fatal shooting on the Lettsom Estate in Camberwell. Hours later, Rio McFarlane was visiting a makeshift shrine for George, when he was murdered in a drive-by shooting. Rio McFarlane was friends with the footballer Rio Ferdinand.
In December 2010, 17-year-old Sylvester Akapalara was shot dead on the Pelican Estate in Peckham. Akapalara was caught up in a claimed gang related dispute.
In April 2011, a member of the Peckham Boys, 'Kyze' and 'JJ', was jailed for shooting a rival in the arm with a glock pistol. The individual is said to have links with the rapper Giggs.
In July 2011, a member of the Peckham Boys was jailed for a minimum of 32 years for arranging an execution from his prison cell. Ola Apena, linked to the 'Shoot Instant' branch of the Peckham Boys, arranged the execution-style murder and burning of teenager Samuel Ogunro in 2010, to prevent him from snitching.
In February 2012, three members of the Peckham Boys received life imprisonment for the murder of 18-year-old Daniel Graham in East Dulwich. The victim was stabbed 24 times by the GMG set of the gang, on a main road in full view of passengers on a 176 bus and passing traffic. It is rumored they have since been released as "YR" released a song called "Jail Pain" on the 10th November 2013, which shows all three members together; in "Jail Pain" he makes references to all three getting 86 years in total. 
In February 2012, a member of the SN1 set of the Peckham Boys was jailed for 8 years, for causing over £1 million worth of damage during the 2011 London riots.
In May 2012, two members of the GMG set of the Peckham Boys were jailed for life, for the murder of 17-year-old athlete Sylvester Akapalara and attempted murder of two others. The GMG gang also warned Peckham residents against snitching.
Shaun Chambers, 21, was found stabbed in Walworth, south-east London, on 26 September 2012 with an 18-year-old who had also been attacked. Ricardo Blake, 17, from Peckham, south London, was found guilty of unlawful wounding and was sentenced to six years' detention. Appearing on Friday at Southwark Crown Court, Blake was cleared of murder. The teenager was also found not guilty of wounding with intent to do grievous bodily harm and wounding with intent. The court heard Mr Chambers of Greenwich and the other man were taken to hospital where Mr Chambers later died. Mr Blake was believed to be part of the Peckham gang called P.K he is known as “Reckless or Reckz.”

</doc>
<doc id="19599686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599686" title="Compounding treason">
Compounding treason

Compounding treason is an offence under the common law of England. It is committed by anyone who agrees for consideration to abstain from prosecuting the offender who has committed treason.
It is still an offence in England and Wales, and in Northern Ireland. It has been abolished in the Republic of Ireland.
In 1977 the Law Commission recommended that the offence should be abolished for England and Wales and for Northern Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="19599703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599703" title="Rubab bint Imra al-Qais">
Rubab bint Imra al-Qais

Rubāb bint Imrā al-Qays bin ‘Adī bin Aws (or Umm Rubab) () was the wife of Husayn ibn ‘Alī that gave birth to ‘Alī al-Asghar (also known as: ‘Abdullāh), as well as Sakina bint Hussain. Her father was Imrā al-Qays bin ‘Adī.

</doc>
<doc id="19599706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599706" title="Villa Montellano">
Villa Montellano

Villa Montellano is a town in the Puerto Plata province of the Dominican Republic. It has the largest display of sunglasses in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="19599714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599714" title="Saskatoon Square">
Saskatoon Square

Saskatoon Square is a 16 story office tower in downtown Saskatooon, Saskatchewan. It is located at the northeast corner of 22nd Street East and 4th Avenue North. It was built in 1979 and is the third tallest building in Saskatoon and the tallest office tower.
In December 2010, the building was sold to Dundee Real Estate Investment Trust for $50 million. The building was previously owned by a partnership consisting of SaskTel, MacPherson, Leslie & Tyerman, the Saskatoon Health District and Commerce Holdings. SaskTel owned 70% of the building with remaining partners each holding 10%.
A seventh-storey window broke and fell to the street below on January 15, 2014. It was caused by winds gusting up to , which also weakened three other windows.

</doc>
<doc id="19599720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599720" title="Helen Ma">
Helen Ma

Helen Ma (birth name Hui) is a Chinese figure skating coach in Australia. She graduated from Harbin Sports University. She and her husband Andrew Wang moved to Australia in 1996. She previously coached the Chinese national team. They are the parents of Tina Wang. 
Her current and former students include Portia Rigby & Francis Rigby, Yang Fang & Gao Chongbo, Zhang Weina & Cao Xianming, Joel Watson, Tina Wang, and 
Kristie Kettleton & Trevor Sieders.

</doc>
<doc id="19599735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599735" title="Tay Zonday">
Tay Zonday

Adam Nyerere Bahner (born July 6, 1982), better known by the pseudonym Tay Zonday, is an American singer, musician, announcer, voice artist, actor, comedian and YouTube personality. He is well known by listeners for his baritone singing voice. He garnered mainstream exposure when his song "Chocolate Rain" became a viral video in July 2007. As of August 2013, "Chocolate Rain" has over 95 million views.
Early life.
Zonday was born Adam Nyerere Bahner in Minneapolis, Minnesota on July 6, 1982 and graduated from The Evergreen State College in 2004. He attended the Illinois Mathematics and Science Academy, however, dropped out before graduating. Early in his career, Zonday regularly performed at Balls Cabaret at The Southern Theater in Minneapolis.
Media response.
In July 2007, Zonday was a graduate student in Minneapolis, Minnesota. He was soon making appearances on national television. He appeared on the "Opie & Anthony Show", G4TV's "Attack of the Show!", VH1's "Best Week Ever", "Lily Allen and Friends", "Jimmy Kimmel Live!", "Tosh.0" and "Maury" where he performed "Chocolate Rain" on national television a little over three months after he posted his composition on YouTube. He made the front page of Sunday's "Los Angeles Times" on August 12, 2007 with additional features in The "Toronto Star", The "Chicago Tribune""s "RedEye", The "Star Tribune" and "People" and has appeared on CNN for a televised interview. On February 12, 2008, he appeared on the television show "Lily Allen and Friends" on BBC Three, and performed a cover of Lily Allen's debut "Smile." In March 2008, the video won a YouTube-award in the category "Music." 
The Australian "Daily Telegraph" newspaper wrote: "Tay Zonday has written perhaps the most listened to song in the world right now." "People" said: "He's scored a YouTube hit with his repetitive, keyboard-driven 'Chocolate Rain', and after a recent appearance on "Jimmy Kimmel Live", Tay Zonday's star is shining even brighter." The article also noted that celebrity musicians paid tribute to the song as its popularity rapidly peaked in August 2007. John Mayer reportedly copied Zonday's keyboard riff with his guitar in concert, along with appearing on "Best Week Ever" improvising a parody to the tune of Nelly Furtado's "Say It Right". Green Day drummer Tre Cool recorded a cover of "Chocolate Rain" which he posted on YouTube. Zonday also became the subject of thousands of other parodies and remixes on YouTube. A clip of his video was also shown on The CW's short lived series, "Online Nation". Tay Zonday has also been interviewed twice on "Good Morning America", in March and November 2008.
Career.
Zonday starred in a commercial for Comedy Central's "Last Laugh 07", hosted by Lewis Black. He released a video called "Cherry Chocolate Rain," in a promotion with Dr Pepper. He starred alongside Leslie Hall in a commercial for Firefox singing a song called "Users Against Boredom" in a parody of "We Are the World." Zonday has said that his voice is often compared to Ru Paul, Paul Robeson, Barry White, James Earl Jones, and Brad Roberts of the Crash Test Dummies. He appeared in-person at Intel's Consumer Electronics Show booth, rendering the source files of the "Chocolate Rain" YouTube video in Sony Vegas.
The Grammy Award-winning music video for rock band Weezer's single "Pork and Beans" featured Zonday, along with other YouTube celebrities. As well, in May 2008, Zonday performed an acoustic version of the song with Brian Bell of Weezer, spoofing his own performance in "Chocolate Rain."
As a voice actor, he voiced part of a multimedia presentation built to celebrate 50 years of NASA history. He also voiced a role in Adult Swim's "Robot Chicken", spoofing his own song "Chocolate Rain."
Zonday was featured on the Jace Hall Show, where he was comically interviewed at a famous Hollywood restaurant in a play on the dissonance between Internet-fame and the traditional entertainment industry.
In February 2010, he cameoed in a Vizio Super Bowl commercial opened by Beyoncé. In October 2010, he appeared on Comedy Central's Night of Too Many Stars autism charity event during a musical number with Steve Carell and Stephen Colbert.
In August 2011, Zonday appeared on "America's Got Talent" and performed 15 seconds of his song "Chocolate Rain." Zonday was also featured in Dave Days' YouTube video spoof of Justin Bieber's song "Baby," which has over 16 million views. He had a cameo in The Guild Season 5 episode 3 "Megagame-o-ramacon!", which aired on August 9, 2011.
On June 22, 2012, Zonday uploaded a cover of Carly Rae Jepsen's number one single "Call Me Maybe", as of 2013 reached over 5 million views. It was featured on the "The 10 Best 'Call Me Maybe' Covers" on Billboard.com. He is seen singing the single in front of a microphone in what he claimed to be "as low as I could ".

</doc>
<doc id="19599756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599756" title="Albert Henry Collings">
Albert Henry Collings

Albert Henry Collings, RBA (1868 – 6 May 1947) was an English artist most notable for his portraiture.
Life and work.
Collings was born, trained, and lived all his life in London. Working in oils, water-colour, and pastel, he specialised in figure subjects and portraits, for which he received a number of official commissions. He exhibited for many years at the Royal Society of British Artists, showing a total of 98 works and being elected a member in 1897. He also supported the Royal Academy (29 works, 1896–1938) and the Royal Institute of Painters in Water Colours, and showed at the Paris Salon, where he was awarded a gold medal for a portrait in 1907. 
In 1911 Collings painted in oils the portrait of the Unionist MP for East Herts, Mr Abel Smith, which was presented to Abel Smith by his friends.
A picture by Collings exhibited at the Brighton Museum & Art Gallery in 1926 attracted attention in "The Times" reporting:
A curious - and complimentary - little sidelight on the Autumn Exhibition of specially invited works at the Public Art Galleries, Brighton, is thrown by the intrusive effect of "Coquette" by Mr Albert H. Collings. It is not by any means a bad picture, and in most companies the provocative damsel in her Spanish shawl would be welcome, but somehow here she strikes a note a little too high.
Examples of his portraiture are at Harrow and in the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane, and Portsmouth Town Hall; but for such a fluent and relatively prolific artist, his work is now rare. 
Painted the portrait of J.A.Harrison hon. secretary of The Eccentric Club in 1929.
Collings was a member of The Savage Club.
He exhibited at the Royal Society of British Artists what was dubbed 'a pretty head' by "The Times"' art critic in 1909.

</doc>
<doc id="19599776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599776" title="The Bachelor (1955 film)">
The Bachelor (1955 film)

The Bachelor () is a 1955 film directed by Antonio Pietrangeli, starring Alberto Sordi and Nino Manfredi. It was shown as part of a retrospective on Italian comedy at the 67th Venice International Film Festival.
Plot.
The accountant Paolo Anselmi is a confirmed bachelor who finds himself having to do the best man for a friend's business partner. Paul left the old apartment to his friend and his wife moved to a small guesthouse where he met a woman, a young hostess. The relationship between the two begins to get serious, but he does not want commitment, then the girl gets moved to another city. Paul regain his freedom, but loneliness grips him. The company of the other bachelors bored, if the night feels bad and is only the mother continues to insist on getting married. The bachelor is convinced and begins to seek a wife. Among the "candidates" have many defects insurmountable, jealousy, family, bulky, but finally manages to convince him is Miss Carla who becomes his companion despite their initial meetings have always ended in fights furious.

</doc>
<doc id="19599786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599786" title="2002 Maryland Terrapins football team">
2002 Maryland Terrapins football team

The 2002 Maryland Terrapins football team represented the University of Maryland in the 2002 NCAA Division I-A college football season. Led by head coach Ralph Friedgen, the Terrapins appeared in the 2002 Peach Bowl.
Team Players in the NFL.
The following players were selected in the 2003 NFL Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="19599789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599789" title="Weightlifting at the 1992 Summer Paralympics">
Weightlifting at the 1992 Summer Paralympics

Weightlifting at the 1992 Summer Paralympics consisted of five events for men.

</doc>
<doc id="19599799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599799" title="Noble County Courthouse">
Noble County Courthouse

Noble County Courthouse may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19599806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599806" title="Andrew Wang">
Andrew Wang

Andrew Wang (birth name Wang Chang Yuan) is a Chinese figure skating coach in Australia. He graduated from Harbin Sports University. He and his wife Helen Ma moved to Australia in 1996. He previously coached the Chinese national team. They are the parents of Tina Wang. 
His current and former students include Anthony Liu, Joel Watson, Tina Wang, Phoebe Di Tommaso,
and Caroline Luczynski.

</doc>
<doc id="19599809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599809" title="Dahabeya">
Dahabeya

The Dahabeya or Dahabiya is a sailing boat that is based out of Luxor, Esna or Aswan for 3, 7, 9 or 12 nights cruises on the Nile river.
History.
Originally built to carry celebrities and royal families, the "Dahabeya" was a luxury pleasure boat for the Nile. The name means "golden one" alluding to the gold and dongola decoration. (ذهبىة /ðahabīya/ is the feminine of ذهبى /ðahabī/ "golden". In Arabic the feminine suffix "-a" can indicate the singulative of inanimates, changing the meaning from "golden" to "a single golden thing". This word is used in Egypt for a general type of Nile boat: see dahabeah.)
The name came to be applied to other boats with similar luxuries. The "Dahabeya" was later refitted as a cruise ship and now cruises the Nile River and Lake Nasser. Today many newer "Dahabeya"s have been built for luxury cruises.
Specifications.
The "Dahabeya" Specifications are:

</doc>
<doc id="19599819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599819" title="Paiguano">
Paiguano

Paiguano or Paihuano is a small agricultural town and commune in the Elqui Province of the Coquimbo Region of Chile.
Demographics.
According to the 2002 census of the National Statistics Institute, Paiguano had 4,168 inhabitants (2,145 men and 2,023 women), making the commune an entirely rural area. The population grew by 10.5% (396 persons) between the 1992 and 2002 censuses.
Administration.
As a commune, Paiguano is a third-level administrative division of Chile administered by a municipal council, headed by an alcalde who is directly elected every four years.
Within the electoral divisions of Chile, Paiguano is represented in the Chamber of Deputies by Mr. Mario Bertolino (RN) and Marcelo Díaz (PS) as part of the 7th electoral district, (together with La Serena, La Higuera, Vicuña and Andacollo). The commune is represented in the Senate by Evelyn Matthei Fornet (UDI) and Jorge Pizarro Soto (PDC) as part of the 4th senatorial constituency (Coquimbo Region).
Patriotic Celebrations.
Paiguano is one of the main locations to celebrate Chile's patriotic holiday on September 18th.

</doc>
<doc id="19599841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599841" title="Super Chinese Land 3">
Super Chinese Land 3


</doc>
<doc id="19599849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599849" title="The B.C. Catholic">
The B.C. Catholic

"The B.C. Catholic" is a weekly newspaper serving the needs of the Catholic community in British Columbia and is the official newspaper of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Vancouver. Founded in 1931, it is published approximately forty-eight times a year from the archdiocese’s main offices at 150 Robson St. in Vancouver. The B.C. Catholic is a member of Canadian Catholic News.
History.
The B.C. Catholic was established in 1931 by Archbishop Mark Duke and has been the official newspaper for the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Vancouver (RCAV) ever since. The newspaper began as the Bulletin from 1924 to 1931.

</doc>
<doc id="19599851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599851" title="Wheelchair basketball at the 1992 Summer Paralympics">
Wheelchair basketball at the 1992 Summer Paralympics

Wheelchair basketball at the 1992 Summer Paralympics consisted of men's and women's team events.
Medal summary.
Source: Paralympic.org 

</doc>
<doc id="19599857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599857" title="Katalina">
Katalina

Katalina (real name Kara Wethington) is a pop/dance artist who was signed to Thump Records. She is mostly known for her hit single "D.J. Girl" from her first and only album Sonic Groove released in 1996. The album also spawned two more singles the title track "Sonic Groove" and "You'll be my future", but neither found much success on the charts.
Career.
Katalina was discovered by the legendary Orange County Producer/ Manager Jon St. James of Stacey Q fame, while she was working part-time at his recording studio when a vocalist failed to show up for a session. St. James asked her to sit in and do a scratch vocal. After only 10 minutes it was obvious that DJ Girl was a smash and Katalina had a career.
Katalina has had several small acting parts such as in the made for Internet show "Fear of a Punk Planet" in which she played a character named Bradie. She also contributed the song "Bewitched, Bothered And Bewildered" to the soundtrack for the movie Simply Irresistible starring Sarah Michelle Gellar also produced by Jon St. James and featuring Skip Hahn on keyboards.
She also co-created some of the songs of a New Jersey punk band, The Bouncing Souls.
St. James produced a Katalina album for Restless Records which was never released.
Currently Katalina has a career as a fashion publicist working with groups that inspired her while growing up. She still makes cameo appearances on many other artists albums, and will be singing with the Bouncing Souls again for the first time in over 8 years at the Bamboozle show at the Verizon Wireless show.

</doc>
<doc id="19599871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599871" title="Donna Symmonds">
Donna Symmonds

Donna Symmonds is a Barbadian lawyer and sports commentator. She is the best known female international cricket commentator.
The daughter of a former High Commissioner for Barbados in London, Symmonds grew up in Bridgetown where she played cricket for her school and junior tennis for Barbados. She later attended the University of Reading in England where she studied law.
Her first sports commentary job came in 1985 when she was asked to cover a tennis tournament for a local sports radio station. Impressed by her work, the Caribbean Broadcasting Corporation persuaded her to try her hand at covering cricket, and in 1987 she covered her first Shell Shield match. She moved on to covering West Indies Test cricket, and her first commentary was West Indies vs Pakistan at Barbados in 1988.
As the first female commentator to cover Test cricket in the West Indies, she initially brought mixed reactions from listeners, but is now accepted as an able and experienced broadcaster.
In 1998, Symmonds was invited by the BBC to join the Test Match Special team during the 1998 England tour of the West Indies, making her the first female TMS commentator. She also provided commentary for the 1999 Cricket World Cup and the 2000 West Indian tour of England as part of the TMS team. As well as her radio work, she also provides commentary for televised cricket.
Outside of cricket, Symmonds is a practising lawyer with her own firm in Bridgetown, and has also worked as a special sports envoy to the Barbados Ministry of Tourism.

</doc>
<doc id="19599889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599889" title="(Can't Get My) Head Around You">
(Can't Get My) Head Around You

"(Can't Get My) Head Around You" is a punk rock song by The Offspring. The song features as the sixth track of the band's seventh studio album "Splinter" (2003) and was released as the second single from the album in 2004. The song also appears as the 14th and final track on the band's "Greatest Hits" (2005).
Music video.
A music video was released in support of the single. The video clip features the band playing in a dome lit by fluorescent lights and was shot with over 125 cameras, in what the band's website calls 'the ultimate performance video'. The video was directed by Joseph Kahn, with Chris Watts supervising the visual effects and the multicamera system.
This is the first music video from The Offspring to show Atom Willard playing the drums.
DVD appearances.
The music video also appears on the "Complete Music Video Collection" DVD. It was released in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19599894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599894" title="Layla bint Abi Murrah al-Thaqafi">
Layla bint Abi Murrah al-Thaqafi

Layla bint Abi Murrah bin ‘Urwah bin Mas‘ud al-Thaqafi (or Umm Layla) () was a wife of Hussein ibn Ali and the mother of Ali al-Akbar, Fatimah Kubra bint Hussain, and Fatimah Sughra bint Hussain . Her grandfather ‘Urwah bin Mas‘ud was considered by Muhammad as one of the four chiefs of Islam.

</doc>
<doc id="19599900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599900" title="Nanyue (disambiguation)">
Nanyue (disambiguation)

Nanyue was an ancient kingdom that consisted of parts of the modern southern China and much of modern northern Vietnam
Nanyue may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19599905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599905" title="Andrew Leinonen">
Andrew Leinonen

Andrew Leinonen is an industrial designer with a focus on sustainable development based in Toronto, Canada. He is an Associate member of the Association of Chartered Industrial Designers of Ontario (ACIDO) [http://acido.info/index.html], and is currently Head of Industrial Design at Solar Ship Inc.
Leinonen graduated with honours with a BAT Ind.Des. from Humber College Institute of Technology & Advanced Learning in Toronto, Canada, where he specialized in transportation design.
Notable Projects.
His undergraduate thesis, Solarial is an unmanned, autonomous airship that generates renewable electricity for disaster relief operations. It received a prize for Best in Category at the 2008 ACIDO Rocket Show, and was featured in China's <DESIGN> magazine, and on notable technology blog Engadget [http://www.engadget.com/2008/05/16/solarial-solar-blimp-concept-could-aid-in-disaster-relief-terri/.
Filterbrella [http://gizmodo.com/393478/filterbrella-a-water+filtering-umbrella-for-freebie-drinks?cpage=2&sort=asc#viewcomments] is an umbrella with a bioplastic construction that filters rainwater for drinking.
His animated film, Sisyphus, received an award for Outstanding Artistic Achievement and was screened nationally at the 2003 Sprockets Jump Cuts festival, part of the Toronto International Film Festival Group. 

</doc>
<doc id="19599929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599929" title="Republic of the Congo">
Republic of the Congo

The Republic of the Congo (), sometimes referred to as Congo Republic or Congo-Brazzaville, is a country located in Central Africa. It is bordered by Gabon, Cameroon, the Central African Republic, the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the Angolan exclave of Cabinda.
The region was dominated by Bantu-speaking tribes, who built trade links leading into the Congo River basin. Congo-Brazzaville was formerly part of the French colony of Equatorial Africa. Upon independence in 1960, the former colony of French Congo became the Republic of the Congo. The People's Republic of the Congo was a Marxist-Leninist single-party state from 1970 to 1991. Multi-party elections have been held since 1992, although a democratically elected government was ousted in the 1997 Republic of the Congo Civil War.
History.
Bantu-speaking peoples who founded tribes during the Bantu expansions largely displaced and absorbed the earliest inhabitants of the region, the Pygmy people about 1500 BCE. The Bakongo, a Bantu ethnicity that also occupied parts of present-day Angola, Gabon and Democratic Republic of the Congo, formed the basis for ethnic affinities and rivalries among those countries. Several Bantu kingdoms—notably those of the Kongo, the Loango, and the Teke—built trade links leading into the Congo River basin.
The Portuguese explorer Diogo Cão reached the mouth of the Congo in 1484. Commercial relationships quickly grew up between the inland Bantu kingdoms and European merchants who traded various commodities, manufactured goods, and slaves captured from the hinterlands. For centuries the Congo river delta served as a major commercial hub for transatlantic trade. However, direct European colonization of the area began in the late 19th century and eroded the power of the Bantu societies in the region .
The area north of the Congo River came under French sovereignty in 1880 as a result of Pierre de Brazza's treaty with Makoko of the Bateke. This Congo Colony became known first as French Congo, then as Middle Congo in 1903. In 1908, France organized French Equatorial Africa (AEF), comprising Middle Congo, Gabon, Chad, and Oubangui-Chari (the modern Central African Republic). The French designated Brazzaville as the federal capital. Economic development during the first 50 years of colonial rule in Congo centered on natural-resource extraction. The methods were often brutal: establishment of the Congo–Ocean Railroad following World War I has been estimated to have cost at least 14,000 lives.
During the Nazi occupation of France during World War II, Brazzaville functioned as the symbolic capital of Free France between 1940 and 1943. The Brazzaville Conference of 1944 heralded a period of major reform in French colonial policy. Congo benefited from the postwar expansion of colonial administrative and infrastructure spending as a result of its central geographic location within AEF and the federal capital at Brazzaville. It also received a local legislature after the adoption of the 1946 constitution that established the Fourth Republic.
Following the revision of the French constitution that established the Fifth Republic in 1958, the AEF dissolved into its constituent parts, each of which became an autonomous colony within the French Community. During these reforms, Middle Congo became known as the Republic of the Congo in 1958 and published its first constitution in 1959. Antagonism between the pro-Opangault Mbochis and the pro-Youlou Balalis resulted in a series of riots in Brazzaville in February 1959, which the French Army subdued.
The Republic of the Congo received full independence from France on August 15, 1960. Fulbert Youlou ruled as the country's first president until labour elements and rival political parties instigated a three-day uprising that ousted him. The Congolese military took charge of the country briefly and installed a civilian provisional government headed by Alphonse Massamba-Débat. Under the 1963 constitution, Massamba-Débat was elected President for a five-year term. The regime adopted "scientific socialism" as the country's constitutional ideology.
In 1965, Congo established relations with the Soviet Union, the People's Republic of China, North Korea and North Vietnam. Massamba-Débat was unable to reconcile various institutional and ideological factions and his regime ended abruptly with an August 1968 coup d'état. Marien Ngouabi, who had participated in the coup, assumed the presidency on December 31, 1968. One year later, President Ngouabi proclaimed Congo Africa's first "people's republic", the People's Republic of the Congo, and announced the decision of the National Revolutionary Movement to change its name to the Congolese Labour Party (PCT). On March 16, 1977, President Ngouabi was assassinated. An 11-member Military Committee of the Party (CMP) was named to head an interim government with Joachim Yhombi-Opango to serve as President of the Republic. Two years later, Yhombi-Opango was forced from power and Denis Sassou Nguesso become the new president.
Sassou Nguesso aligned the country with the Eastern Bloc and signed a twenty-year friendship pact with the Soviet Union. Over the years, Sassou had to rely more on political repression and less on patronage to maintain his dictatorship.
Pascal Lissouba, who became Congo's first elected president (1992-1997) during the period of multi-party democracy, attempted to implement economic reforms with IMF backing to liberalise the economy. In June 1996 the IMF approved a three-year SDR69.5m (US$100m) enhanced structural adjustment facility (ESAF) and was on the verge of announcing a renewed annual agreement when civil war broke out in Congo in mid-1997.
Congo's democratic progress was derailed in 1997 when Lissouba and Sassou started to fight over power. As presidential elections scheduled for July 1997 approached, tensions between the Lissouba and Sassou camps mounted. On June 5, President Lissouba's government forces surrounded Sassou's compound in Brazzaville and Sassou ordered members of his private militia (known as "Cobras") to resist. Thus began a four-month conflict that destroyed or damaged much of Brazzaville and caused tens of thousands of civilian deaths. In early October, the Angolan socialist régime began an invasion of Congo to install Sassou in power. In mid-October, the Lissouba government fell. Soon thereafter, Sassou declared himself President.
In the controversial elections in 2002, Sassou won with almost 90% of the vote cast. His two main rivals, Lissouba and Bernard Kolelas, were prevented from competing and the only remaining credible rival, Andre Milongo, advised his supporters to boycott the elections and then withdrew from the race. A new constitution, agreed upon by referendum in January 2002, granted the president new powers, extended his term to seven years, and introduced a new bicameral assembly. International observers took issue with the organization of the presidential election and the constitutional referendum, both of which were reminiscent in their organization of Congo's era of the single-party state. Following the presidential elections, fighting restarted in the Pool region between government forces and rebels led by Pastor Ntumi; a peace treaty to end the conflict was signed in April 2003.
The regime held the presidential election in July 2009. According to the Congolese Observatory of Human Rights, a non-governmental organization, the election was marked by "very low" turnout and "fraud and irregularities". The régime announced Sassou as the winner.
Government and politics.
Congo-Brazzaville has had a multi-party political system since the early 1990s, although the system is heavily dominated by President Denis Sassou Nguesso; he has lacked serious competition in the presidential elections held under his rule. Sassou Nguesso is backed by his own Congolese Labour Party () as well as a range of smaller parties.
Internationally, Sassou's regime has been hit by corruption revelations despite attempts to censor them. One French investigation found over 110 bank accounts and dozens of lavish properties in France; Sassou denounced embezzlement investigations as "racist" and "colonial".
Human rights.
As of 2008, the main media are owned by the government but many more privately run forms of media are being created. There is one government-owned television station and around 10 small private television channels.
UNICEF and human-rights activists have voiced their concerns about the precarious conditions in which many Congolese Pygmies live. On December 30, 2010, the Congolese parliament adopted a law for the promotion and protection of the rights of indigenous peoples. This law is the first of its kind in Africa, and its adoption is a historic development for indigenous peoples on the continent.
Administrative divisions.
The Republic of the Congo is divided into 12 "départements" (departments). Departments are divided into communes and/or districts.
These are:
Geography and climate.
Congo is located in the central-western part of sub-Saharan Africa, along the Equator, lying between latitudes 4°N and 5°S, and longitudes 11° and 19°E. To the south and east of it is the Democratic Republic of Congo. It is also bounded by Gabon to the west, Cameroon and the Central African Republic to the north, and Cabinda (Angola) to the southwest. It has a short coast on the Atlantic Ocean.
The capital, Brazzaville, is located on the Congo River, in the south of the country, immediately across from Kinshasa, the capital of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
The southwest of the country is a coastal plain for which the primary drainage is the Kouilou-Niari River; the interior of the country consists of a central plateau between two basins to the south and north. Forests are under increasing exploitation pressure.
Since the country is located on the Equator, the climate is consistent year-round, with the average day temperature being a humid and nights generally between and . The average yearly rainfall ranges from in south in the Niari valley to over in central parts of the country. The dry season is from June to August while in the majority of the country the wet season has two rainfall maxima: one in March–May and another in September–November.
In 2006–07, researchers from the Wildlife Conservation Society studied gorillas in heavily forested regions centered on the Ouesso district of the Sangha Region. They suggest a population on the order of 125,000 Western Lowland Gorillas, whose isolation from humans has been largely preserved by inhospitable swamps.
Economy.
The economy is a mixture of village agriculture and handicrafts, an industrial sector based largely on petroleum, support services, and a government characterized by budget problems and overstaffing. Petroleum extraction has supplanted forestry as the mainstay of the economy. In 2008, oil sector accounted for 65% of the GDP, 85% of government revenue, and 92% of exports. The country also has large untapped mineral wealth.
In the early 1980s, rapidly rising oil revenues enabled the government to finance large-scale development projects with GDP growth averaging 5% annually, one of the highest rates in Africa. The government has mortgaged a substantial portion of its petroleum earnings, contributing to a shortage of revenues. The January 12, 1994 devaluation of Franc Zone currencies by 50% resulted in inflation of 46% in 1994, but inflation has subsided since.
Economic reform efforts continued with the support of international organizations, notably the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund. The reform program came to a halt in June 1997 when civil war erupted. When Sassou Nguesso returned to power at the end of the war in October 1997, he publicly expressed interest in moving forward on economic reforms and privatization and in renewing cooperation with international financial institutions. However, economic progress was badly hurt by slumping oil prices and the resumption of armed conflict in December 1998, which worsened the republic's budget deficit.
The current administration presides over an uneasy internal peace and faces difficult economic problems of stimulating recovery and reducing poverty, despite record-high oil prices since 2003. Natural gas and diamonds are also recent major Congolese exports, although Congo was excluded from the Kimberley Process in 2004 amid allegations that most of its diamond exports were in fact being smuggled out of the neighboring Democratic Republic of Congo; it was re-admitted to the group in 2007.
The Republic of the Congo also has large untapped base metal, gold, iron and phosphate deposits. The country is a member of the Organization for the Harmonization of Business Law in Africa (OHADA). The Congolese government has signed an agreement to lease 200,000 hectares of land to South African farmers to reduce its dependence on imports.
Demographics.
The Republic of the Congo's sparse population is concentrated in the southwestern portion of the country, leaving the vast areas of tropical jungle in the north virtually uninhabited. Thus, Congo is one of the most urbanized countries in Africa, with 70% of its total population living in a few urban areas, namely in Brazzaville, Pointe-Noire or one of the small cities or villages lining the railway which connects the two cities. In rural areas, industrial and commercial activity has declined rapidly in recent years, leaving rural economies dependent on the government for support and subsistence.
Ethnically and linguistically the population of the Republic of the Congo is diverse—Ethnologue recognises 62 spoken languages in the country—but can be grouped into three categories. The Kongo are the largest ethnic group and form roughly half of the population. The most significant subgroups of the Kongo are Laari in Brazzaville and Pool regions and Vili around Pointe-Noire and along the Atlantic coast. The second largest group are the Teke who live to the north of Brazzaville with 17% of the population. Boulangui (M’Boshi) live in northwest and in Brazzaville and form 12% of the population. Pygmies make up 2% of Congo's population.
Before the 1997 war, about 9,000 Europeans and other non-Africans lived in Congo, most of whom were French; only a fraction of this number remains. Around 300 American expatriates reside in the Congo. Nearly 2,000 white South African farmers have expressed interest in going to Congo.
The people of Republic of the Congo are largely a mix of Catholics and Protestants, who account for 50.5% and 40.2% of the population respectively. The majority of Christians in the country are Catholic, while the remaining comprises various other Christian denominations. Followers of Islam make up 1.3% of the population, and this is primarily due to an influx of foreign workers into the urban centers.
According to a 2011–12 survey, total fertility rate was 5.1 with 4.5 in urban and 6.5 in rural.
Health.
Public expenditure health was at 8.9% of the GDP in 2004, whereas private expenditure was at 1.3%. 
HIV prevalence is at 3.4% among 15- to 49-year-olds. Health expenditure was at US$ 30 per capita in 2004 A large proportion of the population is undernourished. 
There were 20 physicians per 100,000 persons in the early 2000s (decade).
Culture.
Education.
Public expenditure of the GDP was less in 2002–05 than in 1991. Public education is theoretically free and mandatory for under-16-year-olds, but in practice, expenses exist. Net primary enrollment rate was 44% in 2005, much less than the 79% in 1991. The country has universities.
Education between ages six and sixteen is compulsory. Students who complete six years of primary school and seven years of secondary school obtain a baccalaureate. At the university, students can obtain a bachelor's degree in three years and a master's after four. Marien Ngouabi University—which offers courses in medicine, law and several other fields—is the country's only public university. Instruction at all levels is in French, and the educational system as a whole models the French system. The educational infrastructure has been seriously degraded as a result of political and economic crises. There are no seats in most classrooms, forcing children to sit on the floor. Enterprising individuals have set up private schools, but they often lack the technical knowledge and familiarity with the national curriculum to teach effectively. Families frequently enroll their children in private schools only to find they cannot make the payments.

</doc>
<doc id="19599931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599931" title="Romolo e Remo">
Romolo e Remo

Romolo e Remo (AKA: "Duel of the Titans") is a 1961 film directed by Sergio Corbucci and starring Steve Reeves, Gordon Scott, and Virna Lisi.
Tagline: "The Legendary Conflict of Mankind's Mightiest Mortals!"
Summary.
Twin brothers revolt against tyranny in pre-Roman Italy and then come to a parting of the ways as they lead their people toward the founding of a new city, known as Rome. This is based on the legend of Romulus and Remus. Genre: Action, Adventure, Drama, History, War.
The story.
The story of Romulus and Remus, twins raised by a wolf; the brothers went on to establish what became known as Rome. Steve Reeves Hercules is teamed with Gordon Scott Tarzan. Romulus learns from his dying mother that he and his twin were fathered by a god, Romulus and Remus takes it upon themselves to lead their people away from the oppression of the barbarians living around them, leading their people toward the founding of a new city.
Born of a God and a mortal, two babies are abandoned to a river. Nurtured by a wolf, they are later recovered by a shepherd. They grow up to lead a band of thieves in an effort to eliminate two cruel Kings—Amulias and Nemulias, the King of the Sabines. After 20 years, the two twins are briefly reunited with their mother. Before she dies, she tells her sons that they are destined to be the founders of a great city.
Later after having fallen in love with the daughter of Nemulias, Romulus is unaware of his brother’s ambitions as Remus steadily succumbs to the temptations of power and greed. King Tasius pursues the brothers and their followers both to retrieve his daughter as well as avenge the destruction of his city of Alba Longa. Soon, a rift develops between the two siblings leading to a death duel between both sons of the Gods to determine the true founder of Rome.
Reviews.
Steve Reeves puts in possibly his best acting gig as the gentle and kind hearted Romulus. He chooses to think his way out of a fight and save those around him as opposed to his brother, who cares only for his own personal gain and glory. Reeves doesn't do any superhuman feats but flexes his acting muscle as does Gordon Scott as the supercilious Remus.
Corbucci carefully builds these two characters to the breaking point till avarice and sovereignty totally consumes Remus. Even at this point, Romulus doesn't want to fight his brother only when it is obvious that the two must duel does he take up arms against him. In death, Remus realizes his mistake but finds content in the notion that it was destined from the beginning.
Destiny and fate play an important role in this movie. After Remus defies the Gods by crossing the shorter route to the prophesied city of glory, he and his followers must traverse an unstable volcano. Inevitably, the volcano erupts splitting the mountain in two sending everyone to their doom save for a badly injured Remus and Tarpea, the woman who loves him. As she prays for the Gods to save him, the Sabines arrive with the intentions of killing both of them. Tarpea gives the information to Tasius as to the location of his daughter.
He gives his word to spare them should she speak where Romulus and the others are. When she does, the easily riled Cursias adamantly disapproves of letting them go free. King Tasius responds, "That man has his destiny...as have all of us." The Sabines are, surprisingly, not the real villains here, but Remus, who eventually becomes overpowered by his ambitions to rule a city; a city by which he is willing to sacrifice all for his own gain. At the end, the Sabines join forces with Romulus and it is here that Remus appears and attempts to kill his brother to rule what is to become Rome.
A fine directorial effort by spaghetti western master filmmaker Sergio Corbucci. A great number of Italian technicians worked on this picture including Sergio Leone. Both Sergio's careers parallel each other (in Italy anyway). Both Sergio's worked as AD's on "The Last Days of Pompeii" which led to Leone directing Il Colosso di Rodi and Corbucci handling Romolo e Remo. Corbucci also had a hand in "Maciste Against the Vampires" (1961; aka "Goliath and the Vampires" co-directed with Giacomo Gentilomo.
Frequent Spaghetti Western villain Piero Lulli plays a rare good guy role and gets more screen time than another heroic peplum role in "The Triumph of Hercules" (1964). Steve Reeve's stunt double, Giovanni Cianfriglia also plays a small role in the film attempting to have his way with the beautiful Julia until Romulus intervenes and lets his fist explain that the lady isn't interested.
In what is essentially a chase movie in a Roman setting, Corbucci keeps the action moving at a smooth pace perfectly balancing the plot, characterization and the action sequences never allowing the film time to become tiresome. It would be interesting to learn if there were any conflicts on set between both Reeves and Scott but they work well together and both play vastly more interesting personalities than their usual brawny types. The character of Remus being the more interesting and complex of the two, Reeves (of course) gets top billing as the kinder, more cautious Romulus. However, both get equal screen time. Gordon Scott was a better actor than Reeves and would appear to have been more agile in his action scenes.
With such an awesome pedigree both behind and in front of the camera, Corbucci's famous entry in the Sword and Sandal sweepstakes is one of the greatest the genre has to offer. I'd definitely rate this as one of Corbucci's best films and worthy of a wider audience. Fans familiar with his more well known Italian westerns should seek out this film to see what Sergio Corbucci was capable of outside of the habitual western setting he was most commonly associated with.
After his stint as Tarzan ended, Gordon Scott began expanding his range, doing sword and sandal films, spaghetti westerns (such as "The Tramplers"), and Eurospy thrillers (such as "Danger!! Death Ray"), made mostly in Italy and Spain. Scott became very popular in Europe and made a number of popular features there, such as "Duel of the Titans" (1961, with Steve Reeves), "Samson and the Seven Miracles of the World" (1962), "Goliath and the Vampires" (1963), and "Danger!! Death Ray" (1965), which "Mystery Science Theater 3000" fanatics will recall as episode #620.
Conclusions.
When Steve Reeves agreed to star in "Duel of the Titans", the producer wanted him to play both Romulus and Remus. Reeves objected, saying that the film would be more effective with another actor in the role of Remus. He recommended Gordon Scott, whom Reeves had known for years. The producers agreed with Reeves, and Scott was given the highest salary he had earned thus far for taking the role. Reeves had already garnered fame as Hercules, and Scott was a veteran of some of the best post-Johnny Weismuller Tarzan films; it was a perfect pairing for this tale of the legendary rival siblings who lead their people out of bondage to a more enlightened future. Evidently Scott and Weintraub didn't get along, and Scott was subsequently replaced in the Tarzan role by the leaner, almost-ten-years-older Jock Mahoney. Scott's friend Steve Reeves arranged for Scott to star opposite him in the Sergio Leone-penned saga of Romulus and Remus, released here in the States as DUEL OF THE TITANS. Only the sentimental could seriously argue that Johnny Weissmuller was a superior Tarzan to Gordon Scott, who—in addition to being 6' 3", handsome, with a massive build—was also the superior actor to both Weissmuller and Reeve. The two strongmen played Remus (Scott) to Romulus (Reeves) in "Duel of the Titans" (1961) and so far is the only movie made about the two bothers of Roman Mythology, about the founding of Rome.
Cast.
Steve Reeves (Romulus) <br> Gordon Scott (Remus) <br> Franco Volpi (Amulias) <br> Virna Lisi (Julia) <br> Andrea Bosic (Faustalus) <br> Laura Solari (Rea Silvia) <br> Massimo Girroti (Tasius Nemulias) <br> Jacques Sernas (Cursias) <br> Ornella Vanoni (Tarpea) <br> Piero Lulli (Sulpicius)

</doc>
<doc id="19599932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599932" title="Andrei Lavrik">
Andrei Lavrik

Andrei Lavrik (; ; born 7 December 1974) is a retired Belarusian footballer. His last club was Torpedo Zhodino. After retirement in early 2011 he stayed in the team as assistant coach.

</doc>
<doc id="19599947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599947" title="Oscar Moreno">
Oscar Moreno

Oscar "Oca" S. Moreno (born February 28, 1951) is a Filipino politician. He is currently the Mayor of Cagayan de Oro City, Misamis Oriental. Before he became the governor, he was a Representative of the First District of Misamis Oriental from 1998 to 2004 in the 11th and 12th Congress.
Gov. Moreno won in the May 2013 midterm election the mayoral race and assumed office as Mayor of Cagayan de Oro City on June 30, 2013.
Career in the Private Sector.
He started as a trial attorney at the Philippine National Railways and later became the corporate legal counsel of major financial institutions in the country such as the Far East Bank and Trust Company, Ayala Investment and Development Corporation, Ayala International Finance Ltd. (Hong Kong), Bank of the Philippines Islands, Citibank, Ayala Life Assurance, Inc. and FGU Insurance Corporation. He then became Associate Director of the Strategic Planning Group of Ayala Corporation and Vice President and Chief Legal Counsel of BPI Capital Corporation.
Career in Public Service.
Congressman (1998-2004).
In 1998, he joined public service and was elected as the Representative of the First District of Misamis Oriental. 
Governor of Misamis Oriental (2004-2013).
In 2004, he was elected Governor of the Province of Misamis Oriental and re-elected in the succeeding elections in 2007 and 2010.
Mayor of Cagayan de Oro City (2013-).
The inauguration of Mayor Oscar S. Moreno was held on June 30, 2013.
Educational Background.
He graduated at the Balingasag Central School and finished secondary education at Xavier University. He took up Bachelor of Arts at the University of Manila; finished his Bachelor of Laws degree at San Beda College. He took and passed the bar exams in 1975.
Family and Personal Life.
Gov. Moreno was born in Balingasag, Misamis Oriental to Dr. Emeterio A. Moreno Sr. and Milagros Roa Seriña, a retired public school teacher and music instructor. He is married to Arlene Parado Pasion from Laoag City and Dingras, Ilocos Norte with whom he has three children – Sean Oliver, Imee Rose and Oscar Jr.
He has a passion for sports and he is now the Chairman and Regional President of the Amateur Boxing Association of the Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="19599950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599950" title="Franciscan missions to the Maya">
Franciscan missions to the Maya

The Franciscan Missions to the Maya were the attempts of the Franciscans to Christianize the indigenous peoples of the New World, specifically the Maya. They began to take place soon after the discovery of the New World made by Christopher Columbus in 1492, which opened the door for Catholic missions. As early as 1519 there are records of Franciscan activity in the Americas, and throughout the early 16th century the mission movement spreads from the original contact point in the Caribbean to include Mexico, Central America, parts of South America, and the Southwestern United States.
The goal of the missions was to spread the Christian faith to the people of the New World through "word and example". Their attempts, however, resulted in rebellion.
Purpose.
Spreading Christianity to the newly discovered continent was a top priority, but only one piece of the Spanish colonization system. The influence of the Franciscans, considering that missionaries are sometimes seen as tools of imperialism, enabled other objectives to be reached, such as the extension of Spanish language, culture and political control to the New World. A goal was to change the agricultural or nomadic Indian into a model of the Spanish people and society. Basically, the aim was for urbanization. The missions achieved this by “offering gifts and persuasion…and safety from enemies." This protection was also security for the Spanish military operation, since there would be theoretically less warring if the natives were pacified, thus working with another piece of the system.
Methods in Yucatan.
Franciscan influence in the Yucatán can be considered unique because they enjoyed sole access to the area; no other religious orders, such as the Jesuits or the Dominicans were competing for the territory. Essentially, this meant that there was no one to defy the goings-on of the Franciscans at this time. They were able to use whatever method they deemed necessary to spread their beliefs, although at the beginning they tried to follow the "conversion program" that had already been used in Mexico.
Word and example.
The original method of instruction of the "new faith" to the Maya was very straightforward and simple. "Word and example" would be all they need to show these people. An example of how the Franciscans carried out this belief can be seen by the actions of Fray Martín de Valencia, one of the Twelve Apostles of Mexico. Upon arrival to his province, he kneeled before a group of assembled natives and began to speak publicly of his own sins form of confession, and commenced to whip himself in front of all. Thus the ideal method of teaching was to avoid "direct exercise of power."
Education of youth.
Another means of conversion was the education of the Mayan youth. Through the aforementioned conversion programme, "sons of the nobles were taken into monastery schools and there taught until they were judged sufficiently secure in the faith to be returned to their villages as Christian schoolmasters, where they were to lead their fellow villagers through simple routines of worship." According to Fray Diego de Landa in his book "Relación de las cosas de Yucatán", this program was quite successful, and an “admirable thing to see."
Physical punishment.
The early success through peaceful teaching and quiet example of the Franciscan missionaries, however, was short lived. Within the first few years it became apparent that verbal teaching would not be enough, as the Mayans remained overall unmoved of the lessons of Christianity. In 1539 the heads of the three religious orders operating in Mexico met with the Franciscan bishop Juan de Zumárraga and concluded that the friars of the missionaries could legally inflict “light punishment” on the Mayans. These moderate disciplines, however, soon turned into cases of brutality. Certain Catholic officials spoke out against these crimes. For example, Vasco de Quiroga, a bishop of Michoacán: "regular orders are now inflicting many mistreatments upon the Indians, with great haughtiness and cruelty, for when the Indians do not obey them, they insult and strike them, tear out their hair, have them stripped and cruelly flogged, and then throw them into prison in chains and cruel irons."
Cochua and Chetumal.
Because of extreme cruelties inflicted upon the Mayan people of the provinces Cochua and Chetumal, Quintana Roo, a rebellion broke out. The violence includes several citizens burned alive in their homes, the hanging of women from branches, with their children then hanged from their feet, and another instance of hanging virgins simply for their beauty. While de Landa does not go into details of what the Mayans did to the Spaniards, he certainly graphically explains the Spanish retribution: "the Spaniards pacified them… cutting off noses, arms and legs, and the breasts of women; throwing them into deep lagoons with gourds tied to their feet; stabbing the little children because they did not walk as fast as their mothers."
Valladolid.
An additional rebellion was executed by the Indians of Valladolid. During this rebellion, which took place in 1546, many Spaniards were killed, as well as native converts loyal to their masters. Livestock from Spain was razed, and Spanish trees uprooted. The presence and activity of the Franciscans is believed to be the cause of this riot. In one day, seventeen Spaniards were killed, and some four hundred servants were either killed or wounded.
Killings of Friars.
Another form of rebellion by the Maya and other indigenous groups against the Franciscans was the murder of missionaries themselves, often just two or three at a time, though in some instances many more. Described as martyrs, these men were picked off in twos or threes throughout the years of the missionary work all through Mexico.
Success.
Most if not all other indigenous groups that came in contact with the Spanish conquest in the sixteenth century, the conquests made by Spain were successful in terms of global achievement: a religious power from a small country in Europe that governed and maintained control of a vast area of land for several centuries. In history there is no equal achievement.

</doc>
<doc id="19599952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599952" title="Alexandre Bolduc">
Alexandre Bolduc

Alexandre Bolduc (born June 26, 1985) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre who currently plays for the St.Louis Blues of the National Hockey League (NHL).
Playing career.
Bolduc played major junior in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League (QMJHL) for four seasons with the Rouyn-Noranda Huskies and Shawinigan Cataractes. After his second season in the QMJHL, a 14-goal, 43-point campaign with the Huskies, he was selected in the fourth round, 127th overall, by the St. Louis Blues in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft. However, at the end of his junior career, he was a free agent and signed with the Bakersfield Condors of the ECHL.
During his first season with the Condors, he moved up to the AHL with the Manitoba Moose. In 2007–08, Bolduc recorded a strong 37-point campaign with the Moose and was signed by the Moose's NHL affiliate, the Vancouver Canucks on July 9, 2008.
Continuing to play for the Moose as part of the Canucks' farm system in 2008–09 season, Bolduc was called up by the Canucks on November 25, 2008, to replace an injured Ryan Johnson and played his first NHL game on November 27 against the Calgary Flames. He scored his first career NHL goal against Craig Anderson of the Colorado Avalanche on January 2, 2011.
On July 2, 2011, Bolduc left Vancouver, signing a one-year, two-way contract with the Phoenix Coyotes.
On July 5, 2013 Bolduc left the Coyotes, after recording no points with the club in two years as a member. He signed a one-year contract with the St.Louis Blues worth $550K.

</doc>
<doc id="19599963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599963" title="Reiterate">
Reiterate

Reiterate is the eighth full length album from the Christian hip hop group GRITS. It was released on September 16, 2008, and is the GRITS first release on their newly formed Revolution Art label.
Awards.
The album was nominated for a Dove Award for Rap/Hip-Hop Album of the Year at the 40th GMA Dove Awards.
Tour.
In support of the album's release, GRITS went on the road for the '30 Day Tour', which took them nationwide from mid-July through mid-August 2008. They also toured the summer festival circuit including Agape Fest, Ichthus Festival, Crossover Festival, Rock the Desert, Spirit West Coast, and the NewSong Festival. Plans for the 'Art Attack Tour' are also underway for September where GRITS will be joined by other Revolution Art music acts.

</doc>
<doc id="19599969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599969" title="Ahtanum Ridge">
Ahtanum Ridge

Ahtanum Ridge is a long anticline mountain ridge in Yakima County in the U.S. state of Washington. It is located just south of the city of Yakima, and much of its length is at the northern edge of the Yakama Indian Reservation.
Ahtanum Ridge is part of the Yakima Fold Belt of east-tending long ridges formed by the folding of Miocene Columbia River basalt flows.
Ahtanum Ridge separates Yakima Valley on the south from Ahtanum Valley on the north. At the eastern end of Ahtanum Ridge the Yakima River flows through Union Gap. The ridge continues east of Union Gap as the Rattlesnake Hills.

</doc>
<doc id="19599973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599973" title="Idaho Power">
Idaho Power

Idaho Power Company (IPC) is a regulated electrical power utility. Its business involves the purchase, sale, generation, transmission and distribution of electricity in eastern Oregon and southern Idaho. It is a subsidiary of IDACORP, Inc. The company's service area generally follows the area around the Snake River and its tributaries.
Idaho Power owns and operates 17 hydroelectric dams and 2 natural gas power plants. IPC also owns shares of three coal-fired power plants.
In 2007, electricity sold by IPC was 33% hydroelectric, 39% thermal and 28% was purchased from other generation companies.
History.
Idaho Power Company originally filed for incorporation in Maine on May 6, 1915. It was reincorporated in Idaho as a subsidiary of IDACORP, Inc on October 1, 1998.
This was followed by the purchase of the assets of five small southern Idaho power companies: Idaho-Oregon Light & Power; Great Shoshone and Twin Falls Water Power; Idaho Railway, Light & Power; Idaho Power & Light; and Southern Idaho Water Power Company.
Hydroelectricity.
IPC's 17 hydroelectric power plants have a generation nameplate capacity of 1,988,615 kilowatts, and it is one of the nation's few investor-owned utilities with a significant hydroelectric generating base. Four-fifths of Idaho’s electricity generation is from hydroelectric. Idaho Power built the majority of its hydroelectric facilities during the 1940s, 1950s and 1960s, culminating with completion of the three-dam Hells Canyon Complex (Brownlee Dam, Oxbow Dam, then Hells Canyon Dam) in 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="19599977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599977" title="Leatherface">
Leatherface

Leatherface is a fictional character in the "Texas Chainsaw Massacre" horror-film series and its spin-offs. He wears masks made of human skin (hence his name) and engages in murder and cannibalism alongside his inbred family. Leatherface first appeared in the first film in the series (1974) and in its six subsequent continuations and remakes. Wisconsin killer Ed Gein, who wore a mask made of human skin, was reportedly the inspiration for the character. He is the considered to be the main antagonist of the franchise due to him driving most of the movies plot and appearing in all movies even though he takes orders from his older family members.
Original series.
The original film never showed Leatherface without one of his human-hide faces on. Leatherface used to work as a butcher at the meat factory. Gunnar Hansen, who portrayed Leatherface in the original 1974 film, sees Leatherface as "completely under the control of his family. He'll do whatever they tell him to do. He's a little bit afraid of them." In the documentary "The Shocking Truth", Tobe Hooper portrays Leatherface as a "big baby" who kills in self-defense because he feels threatened. In the first film, Leatherface shows fear when new people enter his home.
Leatherface's family uses the bones of the people he kills (along with some animal bones) to build the inside of their house. They process the victims' flesh into barbecue and chili, which Drayton Sawyer, a skilled chef, sells at his restaurant/gas station, the "Last Chance" gas station. They also enter human-flesh dishes at cook-offs (according to the sequel, Drayton has won two cooking awards doing this). Aside from Leatherface and Drayton, the Sawyer clan includes several more brothers, a hitchhiker named Nubbins Sawyer, Nubbins' twin brother, a Vietnam vet known as Chop Top or Plate Head, a hitchhiking cowboy named Eddie/Tex, a hook-handed man named Tech/Tinker, a deranged pervert named Alfredo/Fred, a tow-truck driver named Vilmer and a redneck know-it-all named W.E. Apart from the brothers, the Sawyer clan includes the supercentenarian Grandpa, the dead Grandma/Great-Grandma Sawyer (whose corpse has been preserved), a wheelchair-bound mother called Mama and Leatherface's daughter (first names unknown).
In the first film, The Texas Chainsaw Massacre (1974), siblings, Sally and Franklin Hardesty go out with their friends to investigate their grandfathers grave robbing. They run afowl of Nubbins and eventually the rest of the Sawyer family and Leatherface kills off their friends and Frankin. Sally is kept alive and manages to make a run for it, with Leatherface and Nubbins in pursuit. Sally manages to get a passing truck to stop, running over Nubbins. While the panicking trucker and Sally escape, he throws a wrench at Leatherface, causing him to fall backwards and cut into his leg with his own chainsaw. Sally makes another run for it, and manages to escape Leatherface on a pickup truck.
"The Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2", a direct sequel to the 1974 film, featured a more campy and over-the-top atmosphere than the original. Tobe Hooper stated on "The Shocking Truth" that he wanted to expand on the dark comedy in the original film, as he felt no one truly picked up on this element. In this film, the Hitchhiker is replaced by his hippy twin brother Chop Top (who transforms his dead twin's corpse into a puppet), the cook, Drayton, has become an award-winning chef. Leatherface develops a "crush" on one of his victims, and in one scene, removes the skin from the face of her still-living friend and places it on her to hide her from the rest of his family. At the end of the film, he apparently dies in an explosion after being impaled with a chainsaw in a fight with the uncle of his previous victims from the first film. Leatherface's clan's last name is also revealed in the film when brother Drayton wins a local cook-off, their family name being Sawyer.
"", became the second sequel in The Texas Chainsaw Massacre film series. The film was made as a reboot and a sequel, so the audience could interpret it as a direct sequel or as an alternative sequel in a different continuity of the previous two films, though several references are made to the previous two films, including Leatherface having a knee brace from his chainsaw accident at the climax of the first film, brother Alfredo owning a gas station and truck labeled "Last Chance Gas", the family's last name remaining Sawyer from the previous film and the inclusion of several characters from both earlier films. The filmmakers attempted to make the series darker and grittier (much as the film-makers of the original had intended), but they had to tone it down and change the ending after interventions from the MPAA. New Line released an uncut version to the home-video market in 2003. In this film Leatherface has an extended family and a daughter - possibly the product of a rape.
A four-issue comic series based on the film, entitled "Leatherface", was created; notably, portions of the comics are narrated by and shown from Leatherface's point of view. Note that horror actor Kane Hodder choreographed the stunts and played the stunt-double Leatherface in the "Texas Chainsaw Massacre 3".
"" apparently takes place in its own continuity; its prologue describes the second and third films as "two minor, yet apparently related incidents". The film features Leatherface as a yelping, pizza-eating transvestite involved in an Illuminati conspiracy to provide society a source of horror, and, again, with a different family.
"Texas Chainsaw 3D", a Leatherface returned in the direct sequel to the original The Texas Chainsaw Massacre, Texas Chainsaw 3D, which also serves as a reboot to the franchise. The films picks up directly where the original 1974 film ended, as Sally escapes & flees to the local Sheriff of Newt, Texas, whom then drives out to the Sawyer property to arrest Leatherface. However, during the negotiation between the sheriff & the Sawyer clan, a rowdy group of local citizens arrive, intent on vigilante justice, and soon the townspeople toss a molotov cocktail onto the Sawyer house, setting it on fire, as a large shoot-out begins between the angry mob & the Sawyers, inwhich all but 3 Sawyer family members die, the survivors being Leatherface, his apparent sister & her baby daughter. Later that night, the half dead Sawyer female is found by one of the vigilantes, whom promptly kicks her to death, whilst he steals her baby, which he gives to his childless wife as a gift. Several years later, the surviving Sawyer baby, the young adult Heather, learns of her true parentage via news of her natural grandmother's recent death. Heather is then invited to go to Newt, Texas, because she was left a large estate in her grandmother's will. Heather's boyfriend Ryan and a couple of friends accompany her to give her support. However, they soon discover that Heather was not the only Sawyer to survive the 1973 house fire, because living in the basement of the large family home is her cousin Leatherface, whom soon begins another killing spree.
In a post-credits scene, Heather's adoptive parents arrive at the mansion, greedily discussing how they plan to split the assets Heather now owns. Leatherface then shocks them as he answers the door, chainsaw in hand.
Remake and Prequel.
Marcus Nispel directed a remake of "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre" in 2003. Its success greenlit a , released in 2006, which delved into the origins of Leatherface and of his family. In this continuity, Leatherface's real name is Thomas Brown Hewitt; his mother Sloane dies giving birth to him on August 7, 1939 at the Blair Meat Co., a slaughterhouse where she works, and her uncaring boss leaves the infant to die in a dumpster. Luda Mae Hewitt finds him and takes him home to raise him.
The Hewitts worked at the Blair Meat Co., but after losing their jobs they switched to kidnapping people, murdering them (often by chainsaw or shotgun) and butchering their flesh, as family member Charlie claims that he got the idea from eating human flesh in the Korean War after he became a prisoner of war. The prequel reveals that they do eat the meat of their victims; the remake only implies this.
Leatherface in this continuity suffers from a facial disfigurement and a skin disease that caused severe deformities and tumors to his face. Due to this disfigurement, his muteness and mental retardation (carried over from the first series), other children bullied the boy. He wore a small leather mask to cover up his deformity, and worked at the same meat factory where he was born, for the same boss as his mother - the same man who had left him for dead. He also had a tendency toward self-mutilation, and a doctor diagnosed him as suffering from a type of neurodegeneration at age 12.
After health inspectors shut the factory down, Hewitt's boss and a reluctant co-worker ordered him to leave. When Hewitt didn't, the boss and the co-worker bullied him, calling him a "retard" and a "dumb animal". Acting on a long-burning rage, Hewitt killed his boss with a sledgehammer. He later discovered the chainsaw he used as a weapon after searching the now abandoned factory. When Winston Hoyt, the local sheriff, tried to apprehend him, Thomas' uncle, Charlie Hewitt came to his aid and killed the sheriff with his own gun. Charlie later assumed the sheriff's identity.
Hewitt later made masks of human skin by slicing off the faces of his victims.
Although Leatherface's family still manipulate him in this interpretation, they do show themselves somewhat more caring for him and less abusive than in the original film. Before killing the sheriff, his uncle Charlie even defends him by saying, "He's not retarded, he's misunderstood." The cruelty he suffers at the hands of his peers, in part, inspires his murderous behavior, however it's his uncle, Charlie, who encourages his anti-social behaviour and impulses.
At the climax of the remake, protagonist Erin Hardesty cuts off Leatherface's chainsaw-wielding arm with a meat cleaver, and Erin is able to escape him, though Leatherface survives the cleaver attack. Leatherface escapes after police discover his ranch house and find the remains of 33 people. The police fail to secure the crime scene properly, allowing Leatherface to attack and kill two officers. Leatherface then escapes and disappears, and the case remains open.
Andrew Bryniarski, who portrayed Leatherface in the remake, states: "In my estimation, Leatherface is like a beaten dog — he was ostracized and ridiculed, and treated harshly by his peers. The psychological damage they inflicted was immense — there's no chance for him." Terrence Evans, who played Leatherface's uncle Old Monty, says, "I think there was a chance Thomas' life could have been different. But the teasing he suffered, coupled with a bad temper, and following Hoyt around like a puppy dog, left room for Hoyt to get absolute control."
Halloween Horror Nights.
Leatherface appeared alongside Freddy Krueger and Jason Voorhees as minor icons during Halloween Horror Nights 2007: "The Carnival of Carnage" at Universal Orlando Resort.
Comics.
Writer Mort Castle based the 1991 Leatherface miniseries loosely on the third Texas Chainsaw Massacre film. He stated: "The series was very loosely based on Leatherface: The Texas Chainsaw Massacre III. I worked from the original script by David Schow and the heavily edited theatrical release of director Jeff Burr, but had more or less free rein to write the story the way it should have been told. The first issue sold 30,000 copies." Kirk Jarvinen drew the first issue, and Guy Burwell finished the rest of the series.
The comics, not having the same restrictions from the MPAA, featured much more gore than the finished film. The ending, as well as the fates of several characters, also changed. The roles of the Sawyer family members and their personal backgrounds are also elaborated on, for instance Mama reveals that Grandpa was adopted into the family, Tinker is revealed to be a former hippy and Tex is seen to be the more sane family member, actually showing some signs of remorse. Much of the story takes place from Leatherface's point of view. 
In 1995, Topps Comics released the three-issue miniseries Jason vs. Leatherface, a non-canonical crossover between the Friday the 13th and Texas Chainsaw Massacre franchises, written by Nancy A. Collins with art by Jeff Butler.
The series premise involves accidentally placing Jason Voorhees, the main antagonist of Friday the 13th, on a train headed for a dumping ground in Mexico when Crystal Lake is drained of radioactive waste by a company. Running amok on the train, Jason kills its crew and causes the vehicle to crash in Texas, where he meets and befriends Leatherface and his inbred family (consisting of Cook, Hitchhiker, Grandpa and several other original relatives, all of them dead). After he lives with the family for a day, relations between them and Jason ultimately sour due to a series of misunderstandings (including Jason seeing a maskless Leatherface's badly deformed face, which greatly angers Leatherface, whom is self-concious), which result in Leatherface and Jason battling. In the end, the Hitchhiker apparently kills Jason with a sledgehammer and the family dumps him in a nearby lake. But Jason arises several hours later and decides to begin trekking back "home" to Camp Crystal Lake, away from the place that encouraged dangerous things such as friendship. 
In 2005, Avatar Press began to release Texas Chainsaw Massacre comics, set in the continuity of the 2003 remake of the original film, but serving as prequels to the film. The comics had a multitude of variant covers, such as "Gore", "Terror" and "Die Cut". 
The final release by Avatar Press, the one-shot The Texas Chainsaw Massacre Fearbook, had text written by Antony Johnston with art by Daniel HDR and Mauricio Dias. The premise of this one-shot involves a quartet of friends in the midst of a cross-country trip who run afoul of Sheriff Hoyt, who forcibly takes them to the Hewitt house, where Leatherface kills them all except one, a girl named Lucy, whom he knocks unconscious; Leatherface, when Lucy awakens, puts on a mask created from her boyfriend's face and hammers one of his own masks onto her before forcing her to dance with him as she succumbs to her injuries. 
Leatherface became a prominent character in Wildstorm Comics's continuation of the remakes. With the family exposed after the events of the first film, the comics show the Hewitt family living in a series of tunnels in the sewers of Travis County.
As at the end of the remake, Leatherface in the comics has only one arm. Halfway through the first story arc, Leatherface's uncle Monty helps Leatherface build a "prosthetic arm" (consisting of a hook attached to a bone and tied to Leatherface's arm with a belt) to assist with his nephew's handicap. Leatherface later uses this hook in addition to his chainsaw on victims, at one point spearing a man's leg to prevent him from escaping.
The comics also imply that the other people in the town, while perhaps not involved with the Hewitts' cannibalism, at least know of it and have agreed to help them deal with outsiders. In one scene, when a potential victim runs into a bar looking for help, she is stopped from calling the police by the owner and patrons, who tell her that they "don't want no Hewitt trouble." They later reprimand Leatherface for not looking after his "livestock."
Later one-shot comics published by Wildstorm also dealt with Leatherface. One of them, "About a Boy", focused on parts of Leatherface's childhood that "The Beginning" did not reveal. It shows that bullies severely picked on Thomas Hewitt as a child, and thus he spent most of his time alone drawing in his notebook, hunting and skinning animals, and later making clothing out of them. A foreshadowing of his future as Leatherface takes place when, after the book's antagonist, Chris, the leader of the bullies, throws rocks at him at a swimming-hole, Thomas attacks Chris and skins off his face while he is still alive.
"About a Boy" also details how the Hewitt family remain for the most part apathetic towards Thomas's actions. His brother/uncle Charlie (the future Hoyt) helps him get rid of Chris's body (his only criticism stating that Thomas needs to "learn how to fix 'em proper", after putting the faceless victim out of his misery with a shotgun). Later, after Thomas's teacher Mr. Hanson questions Luda May about her son's behavior and tells her that he plans to file a report with the city to get him some help, Luda May bashes his head in with a shovel and kills him, stating, "There is nothing wrong with my boy."
Mask.
In the original film, Leatherface wore three different masks: the "Killing Mask", "Old Lady Mask" and "Pretty Woman Mask". Gunnar Hansen commented: "The reason he wore a mask, according to Tobe and Kim, was that the mask really determined his personality. Who he wanted to be that day determined what mask he put on. So when Drayton comes home with Sally, Leatherface is wearing the 'Old Lady Mask' and he's wearing an apron and carrying a wooden spoon, he wants to be domestic, helpful in the kitchen. At dinner he wears a different face, the 'Pretty Woman,' which has makeup." Also of note, the 'Pretty Woman' outfit consists of a female wig and a black suit, as Leatherface is "dressing up" for dinner, an old deep south tradition which stems from his southern upbringing, and the 'Killing Mask' is the skin mask he wears while chasing and murdering captives. Tobe Hooper also discussed the multiple masks and dinner scene on the audio commentary for The Texas Chainsaw Massacre.
Hansen later added, "The idea of the mask is that there is no personality under the mask. That was the idea in talking with Tobe and Kim. When they created the character, they said he has to put on masks to express himself because he himself can't do it. The way we tried to create him, there is nothing under the mask, which is what makes him so frightening."
The remake offered a more concrete explanation as to why Leatherface wore masks. As a child, a severe facial deformity ate away most of his nose and made him subject to cruel ridicule from his peers. Prior to killing people, he wore animal hides, cloths and leather masks that covered up the bottom of his face. Later he began to skin some of the people he killed and wore their faces as masks. In contrast to the original film, Leatherface does not seem to have different masks for different purposes, although he does change masks occasionally. He appears briefly without his mask on in one scene of remake, his face suffers badly from Deterioration and he is missing a portion of his nose.
The Wildstorm comics that took place in the remake's continuity had Leatherface taking off his mask when alone with his family, something that did not occur in any of the original films.

</doc>
<doc id="19599978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599978" title="Carlos Jurado">
Carlos Jurado

Carlos Daniel Jurado Román (born 11 June 1947) is a former Uruguayan footballer and manager. He was most recently the manager of Mexican side Estudiantes de Altamira in the Ascenso MX.
Playing career.
Carlos Jurado began playing in the Paysandú, the team of the city where he grew up. Later he started in C.A. Peñarol where he played the first level of Uruguay. He went to Club Universitario de Deportes, where he played the first level in Peru. His good performances led him to Europe to play for Real Betis. Just was at Betis and only played one game in La Liga. After a year idle through his compatriot Sergio Rodríguez joined the UD Español San Vicente on third level.
Coaching career.
After finishing his playing career, settled in Alicante, Spain. He began training at UD Español San Vicente, then on the Hércules CF youth teams, then to GCD Sant Joan d'Alacant that was a reserve team of Hércules, and in 1983–84 season was given the opportunity to coach the first team. He made some good numbers and Hércules promotion to La Liga. After Hércules CF, began a tour of Spanish and South American teams has led him to train in 6 different countries. In 2011 season he returned to where in the past Cienciano achieved success as the Clausura 2001 or Apertura 2005, or to qualify for the Copa Libertadores in 2002 for the first time in club history. On Cienciano his known as "The Old".

</doc>
<doc id="19599983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599983" title="Wheelchair fencing at the 1992 Summer Paralympics">
Wheelchair fencing at the 1992 Summer Paralympics

Wheelchair fencing at the 1992 Summer Paralympics consisted of fourteen events, nine for men and five for women.

</doc>
<doc id="19599987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599987" title="Matt Broughton">
Matt Broughton

Matt Broughton is well known within the British Poker community for his regular appearance on Sky Poker, as well as the humorous magazine show The Club, which he presented with Dan Lobb.
He can often be heard commentating on Matchroom Poker productions alongside friend and broadcaster Jesse May.
In 2007 his first book (co-authored with Dave Woods) "How to Play and Win at Poker" was published.
Before Sky Poker, Broughton was a presenter on cult late night show: Poker Night Live.
His previous jobs include being editor of Flush Magazine, and writing for various magazines and newspapers, including: Poker Player, Cool Player, WPT, The Sportsman, etc. Prior to his involvement in the world of poker, Matt spent 15 years in the video games industry, where he held various roles, including European Marketing Director for Midway Games, and International Director of Communications for Atari.
Broughton has been playing poker for over ten years. Originally an Omaha player, he quickly migrated over to the increasingly popular Texas Hold'em variant. Leaving his day job behind, Broughton went semi-pro in 2005, regularly playing live in his favourite Vegas poker rooms or across the increasingly busy internet tables. He began writing for various magazines that launched as poker's popularity grew; also joining the ever-growing ranks of poker bloggers and podcasters. 
He also runs a poker events company: Poker Evenings
Humour.
His irreverent humour and wit are well-known and apparent in his various songs and blogs across the web.
Other.
Outside of poker, he is in a band called Waster (which, incidentally, is also his poker nickname) where he plays the bass guitar.

</doc>
<doc id="19599996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599996" title="Preussen-class ironclad">
Preussen-class ironclad

The "Preussen" class of armored frigates was a class of three ships built for the German Imperial Navy in the early 1870s. The lead ship, , was laid down in 1871 and launched in 1873. also was laid down in 1871 and launched in 1874. , although the first to be laid down, in 1869, was the last to be completed, launched in 1875. The ships served in the fleet starting in 1876, when "Preussen" was commissioned.
"Grosser Kurfürst" was lost in 1878 during maneuvers shortly after her commissioning, when a pair of small sailing boats crossed the bows of "Grosser Kurfürst" and , which caused both ships to undertake emergency maneuvers. In the confusion, "König Wilhelm" collided with "Grosser Kurfürst", causing the latter to sink. Both "Preussen" and "Friedrich der Grosse" served in the fleet until the 1890s, when they were relegated to secondary duties, including serving as harbor ships, and later as coal hulks. The ships were eventually scrapped following the end of World War I, in 1919 and 1920, respectively.
Design.
General characteristics.
The ships of the "Preussen" class were long at the waterline and long overall. They had a beam of and a draft of forward and aft. At the designed displacement, the vessels displaced . When the vessels were fully loaded, they displaced . Their hulls were built with transverse and longitudinal iron frames; iron plating covered teak backing. The ships had twelve watertight compartments and a double bottom that ran for 60 percent of the length of the hull.
The German navy regarded the ships as good sea boats, very sensitive to commands from the helm, and with a gentle motion. The ships had a tight turning radius, but crank and slow while under sail. Their standard complement consisted of 46 officers and 454 enlisted men. The ships carried a number of smaller boats, including one picket boat, two launches, one pinnace, two cutters, two yawls, and two dinghies.
The three ships were powered by one 3-cylinder single expansion engine; "Preussen"s engine was built by AG Vulcan, while "Friedrich der Grosse" and "Grosser Kurfürst" were equipped with engines manufactured by F A Egells of Berlin. The ships' engines drove a single four-bladed screw that was in diameter. The engines were supplied with steam by six coal-fired transverse trunk boilers, which were provided by the Imperial Dockyard in Wilhelmshaven. The six boilers were trunked into a single large, retractable funnel amidships. She was also equipped with a full ship rig. Three generators provided 30 kilowatts of electrical power. The ships' top speed was , at . The ships were capable of storing of coal; this enabled the ships to steam for at a cruising speed of .
Armament and armor.
The "Preussen" class ships were armed with four L/22 guns mounted in a pair of gun turrets placed amidships. These guns were supplied with 400 rounds of ammunition. They could depress to −3° and elevate to 11°; this enabled a maximum range of . As built, the ships were also equipped with two L/25 guns. Two hundred rounds of ammunition were supplied to these guns. As with the 26 cm guns, the 17 cm weapons could elevate to 11° for a maximum range of 5,000 m. Between 1889–1891, "Preussen" and "Friedrich der Grosse" were rebuilt and their armament was significantly augmented. Six and later ten SK L/30 quick-firing guns were installed, supplied with up to 2,500 rounds of ammunition. Two auto-cannons were added as well. Both ships also had five torpedo tubes added: "Preussen"s tubes were installed in the hull, underwater, while "Friedrich der Grosse"s tubes were placed above water. Both ships had a stock of 13 torpedoes.
The ships' armor was made of wrought iron and backed with teak. The armored belt was arrayed in two strakes. The upper strake was thick; the lower strake ranged in thickness from . Both were backed with of teak. Their forward conning towers were protected with thick sides and thick slopes. The gun turrets had thick roofs and sloped sides varying in thickness between backed with thick teak.
Construction.
The design for this class of ironclads was prepared in 1868 by the "Admiralitätsrat Elbertzhagen". The original design was for a warship with a main battery mounted in a central battery, and was laid down as such. In the course of 1869, the design was revised and the main battery was redesigned and two twin gun turrets replaced the central battery. The reworking of the design caused significant delays in construction of "Grosser Kurfürst". The ship was launched on 17 September 1875, the last vessel of the class to be completed. The ship was built by the Imperial Dockyard in Wilhelmshaven, while her sisters, "Preussen" and "Friedrich der Grosse", were built by AG Vulcan in Stettin and the Imperial Dockyard in Kiel, respectively.
"Preussen" and "Friedrich der Grosse", which were laid down in 1870 and 1869, respectively, were completed much more quickly than "Grosser Kurfürst". "Preussen" was launched on 22 November 1873, while "Friedrich der Grosse" was launched on 20 September 1874. The former was completed by July 1876 and commissioned into the fleet on 4 July, and the latter joined the fleet 22 November 1877. "Preussen"s construction process, six years long, was much shorter than either of her sisters; "Friedrich der Grosse" required eight years to complete, while work "Grosser Kurfürst" lasted for a decade. The delays associated with redesigning "Grosser Kurfürst" contributed to the significantly longer construction process, though this was compounded by the shipbuilders assigned to each ship. "Grosser Kurfürst" and "Friedrich der Grosse" were built by recently created Imperial shipyards, while "Preussen" was built by an established dockyard.
Service history.
After her commissioning in July 1876, "Preussen" served with the fleet. She joined a squadron sent to the Mediterranean Sea in 1877 in response to unrest in the Ottoman Empire related to the Russo-Turkish War; the violence threatened German citizens living there. The squadron, under the command of Rear Admiral Carl Ferdinand Batsch, steamed to the ports of Haifa and Jaffa in July 1877, but found no significant tensions ashore. Batsch then departed and cruised the Mediterranean for the remainder of the summer, returning to Germany in October.
By May 1878, all three "Preussen"-class ships were ready for the annual summer maneuvers of the armored squadron. The three ships were joined by the large armored frigate , and operated under the command of Rear Admiral Batsch. "Friedrich der Grosse" missed the maneuvers after running aground off Nyborg, leaving Batsch just three vessels. While steaming in the English Channel on 31 May, "König Wilhelm" accidentally rammed "Grosser Kurfürst"; the latter quickly sank with the loss of between 269 and 276 men. Her loss spurred a series of investigations into the circumstances of the collision, which ultimately resulted in the acquittal of both Rear Admiral Carl Ferdinand Batsch, the squadron commander, and Count Alexander von Monts, the captain of "Grosser Kurfürst". Political infighting over the affair led to ouster of Rear Admiral Reinhold von Werner from the navy.
"Preussen" and "Friedrich der Grosse" remained in the armored squadron for the training cruises starting in 1879 through 1883, when they were put into reserve and replaced by newer vessels, including the four s. The two ships were reactivated in 1889 to participate in cruises following the coronation of Kaiser Wilhelm II. These included a state visit to Great Britain in August 1889 and a tour of the Mediterranean in the winter of 1889–1890. The two ships resumed their duties in the training cycles into the early 1890s. Although "Preussen" was withdrawn from active service in 1891, "Friedrich der Grosse" continued to serve until the end of 1894. Upon leaving active duty, both ships were used in secondary roles as harbor ships and later as coal hulks for torpedo boats. They were both ultimately sold for scrapping in 1919 following the end of World War I. Both vessels were broken up by 1920.
Footnotes.
Notes
Citations

</doc>
<doc id="19599997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19599997" title="Harry Hunter">
Harry Hunter

Harry Hunter (born 24 February 1902, date of death unknown) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1920s.
Hunter, who started out in the Victorian Football Association with Footscray, played as a defender and spent most of his time at full-back. He was a late withdrawal due to a leg injury from Essendon's 1923 Grand Final team and missed the premiership but made up for it the following season when they went back to back. A regular Victorian interstate representative, Hunter transferred to Albury in 1928 and captain-coached them to the Ovens & Murray Football League premiership that year. He returned to Essendon for one final season in 1929.
After retiring as a player, Hunter concentrated on his coaching career and had stints at both Yarraville and Preston. He was joint coach, alongside Dick Reynolds, of Essendon for two games in the 1939 VFL season, both of which they won.

</doc>
<doc id="19600005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600005" title="Naypyidaw Zoological Gardens">
Naypyidaw Zoological Gardens

The Naypyidaw Zoological Gardens (, ) located in Naypyidaw is the largest zoo in Myanmar. Located on the Yangon-Mandalay highway about 250 miles (400 km) north of Yangon, the 612-acre (247-hectare) zoo opened its doors on Myanmar's Armed Forces Day (27 March) in 2008 with about 420 animals trucked in from the Yangon Zoological Gardens.
The zoo has elephants, crocodiles, tigers, deer, leopards, monkeys as well as white tigers, zebras, and kangaroos. It also comes complete with an air-conditioned penguin house in a country of persistent power shortages.
In December 2009, the zoo had 634 animals of 89 species, including 304 from 34 different mammal species; 265 from 44 bird species; and 65 from 11 reptile species.

</doc>
<doc id="19600016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600016" title="Dzmitry Rawneyka">
Dzmitry Rawneyka

Dzmitry Rawneyka (; ; born 13 May 1980 in Grodno) is a Belarusian professional footballer currently playing for Neman Grodno in the Belarusian Premier League.

</doc>
<doc id="19600042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600042" title="Daddy-O (disambiguation)">
Daddy-O (disambiguation)

Daddy-O may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19600043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600043" title="I Was Bitten">
I Was Bitten

I Was Bitten is a television program which airs on the Animal Planet in the US and the Discovery Channel in the UK.
Format.
The show tells stories of people who were previously bitten by deadly animals. Viewers discover the science behind the bites and see the devastating effects of venom on the human body. This program is quite graphic and may not be suitable for children under the age of 14. The cases are treated by venom expert Sean Bush. Some episodes feature bites from other animals such as elephants, tigers, bears, lions and snakes.

</doc>
<doc id="19600047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600047" title="Lovescream">
Lovescream

LoveScream is the first EP by Korean hip hop group Epik High, released on September 30, 2008
Track listings.
1. Butterfly Effect
2. Fallin' (featuring Jo Yejin [조예진] of Lucite Tokki [루싸이트 토끼])
3. Harajuku Days
4. 습관 (Habit) (featuring 하동균 of Wanted)
5. 쉿 (Shh)
6. 1분 1초 (1 Minute, 1 Second) (featuring 타루)
7. 1825 (Paper Cranes)

</doc>
<doc id="19600053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600053" title="Haim Lensky">
Haim Lensky

Haim Lensky (1905 – 1942 or 1943), also Hayyim Lensky, was a Russian poet who wrote in Hebrew. He wrote the bulk of his verse while imprisoned in several Soviet labor camps from 1934 onward.
Lensky was born in the Belarussian town of Slonim and lived in Derechin, Leningrad, and elsewhere. He was one of few Russian Jewish poets to write in Hebrew. Lensky's poems reflect the realities of the camps in which he was imprisoned, the Russian landscape, and literature in a variety of languages and national traditions. He was able to receive books through friends while in the camps, and read poets such as Afanasy Fet and Fyodor Tutchev.
A few of Lensky's poems were published in Israel during his lifetime, and were first collected there under the title "Beyond the River Lethe" in 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="19600054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600054" title="Pete Fitzpatrick">
Pete Fitzpatrick

Pete Fitzpatrick soccer wing forward who played three years in the first American Soccer League. There is little known about him, other than he played 81 league games for the Providence Gold Bugs in 1928 and 1929. He began the 1929-1930 season in Providence, but transferred to the Pawtucket Rangers after only sixteen games. On May 18, 1929, he scored one of the two Gold Bugs’ goals in a 2-2 tie with the New York Nationals in the 1929 American Cup. The Gold Bugs went on to win the cup with a 4-2 replay victory.

</doc>
<doc id="19600075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600075" title="Raman Kirenkin">
Raman Kirenkin

Raman Kirenkin (; ; born 20 February 1981) is a Belarusian retired footballer. Since 2013 he started working as an assistant manager of reserve team in his latest club Shakhtyor Soligorsk.

</doc>
<doc id="19600092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600092" title="Wheelchair tennis at the 1992 Summer Paralympics">
Wheelchair tennis at the 1992 Summer Paralympics

Wheelchair tennis at the 1992 Summer Paralympics consisted of four events.
Medal summary.
Source: Paralympic.org 

</doc>
<doc id="19600103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600103" title="Duke of Estonia">
Duke of Estonia

The first duke of Estonia ( ) was appointed in 1220 by Valdemar II after Danish conquest of Estonia during Livonian crusade. The title was resumed by the kings of Denmark since 1269. For the period of 1266-82 during the reign of Queen Dowager Margaret Sambiria the title "lady of Estonia" () was used.
In 1332 after Christopher II died his second son Otto inherited the title of the duke of Estonia. Valdemar III assumed the title in 1338. 
The dukes of Estonia rarely resided in Estonia. To govern the Duchy of Estonia the king of Denmark appointed together with royal counsellors the Lieutenant () who resided in Reval. 
The king of Denmark sold the duchy to Teutonic Order in 1346 but Christian I reassumed the title of duke of Estonia in 1456. 
After the Livonian War Estonia became part of Swedish Empire and the title was gained by kings of Sweden. Crown Prince Gustav Adolph was Duke of Estonia 1607-1611 before he became King, but then officially abolished all Swedish duchies in 1618. 
The title was resumed by the Russian tsars after the Great Northern War and Treaty of Nystad when Estonia became part of Russian Empire. The last duke of Estonia () was Nicholas II of Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="19600113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600113" title="Les Griggs">
Les Griggs

Les Griggs (born 6 May 1914) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1930s and 1940s.
Griggs, from Yarragon originally, was mostly a centreman and centre half forward over the course of his career at Essendon. A teacher, he missed a couple of seasons due to his work, costing him a place in the 100 club as he finished his career with 99 games. He had his best year in 1941 when he kicked 29 goals and played in Essendon's losing Grand Final team. Griggs also acted as caretaker coach for one game that year.

</doc>
<doc id="19600126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600126" title="List of The Jackson 5 band members">
List of The Jackson 5 band members

The following is the band member history of The Jackson 5, an American R&B and pop group. The band comprised different members of the Jackson family at various times during its chronology, known as The Jackson Brothers (1964–1966), The Jackson 5 (1966–1975, with Motown) and The Jacksons (1975–1989, with CBS).

</doc>
<doc id="19600142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600142" title="Super Chinese World 2">
Super Chinese World 2

Contrary to its predecessor, it doesn't feature any traditional turn-based battles anymore, but a couple of platforming sections still remain. Jack and Ryu are now travelling between different planets to defeat some alien invaders, who kidnapped the world leaders. The battle system was also greatly improved. Jack and Ryu now have a lot of new attacks and even a few different skills (although they still share levels and items), they can turn into giant ninjas in order to cast the most advanced spells and it is possible to use weapons or spells without going to the menu.
A fighting mode has also been added, allowing to play with many other characters than the heroes.
Super Chinese World 2 was planned to be released in the US as "Galactic Defender", but was eventually canceled.

</doc>
<doc id="19600169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600169" title="Thomasville Historic District">
Thomasville Historic District

The Thomasville Historic District is a historic district in the city of Thomasville, Alabama. Thomasville was founded in 1888, along the then newly constructed railroad between Mobile and Selma. The city's business district suffered a major fire in 1899, with only one brick building surviving. The historic district features examples of early commercial, Queen Anne, Colonial Revival, Craftsman, and regional vernacular architecture. The historic district is centered on the old business district and is roughly bounded by U.S. Highway 43, West Front Street, Wilson Street, and West Third Street. It is a part of the Clarke County Multiple Property Submission and was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on February 12, 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="19600186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600186" title="Donald Ferguson Brown">
Donald Ferguson Brown

Donald Ferguson Brown (June 30, 1903 – October 8, 1959) was a Canadian politician, barrister and lawyer. He was born in Petrolia, Ontario, Canada. He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons as a Member of the Liberal Party in the 1945 election to represent the riding of Essex West. He was re-elected in the elections of 1949, 1953, 1957 and defeated in the election of 1958. During his federal political career, he was a member of various committees including: Chairperson of the Special Committee appointed to consider Bill no. 305 : An act respecting immigration, Co-Chair of the Joint Committee on Capital and Corporal Punishment and Lotteries and a member of the Joint Committee on Old Age Security.

</doc>
<doc id="19600187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600187" title="Anise of Flavigny">
Anise of Flavigny

Anise of Flavigny is a candy from Flavigny-sur-Ozerain in Burgundy.
Each candy is made of a single anise seed, coated with sugar syrup infused with flavorings, such as anise, violet, rose, mint, jasmine, liquorice, and orange.
Anise candies were first made by the Benedictine monks of the abbey of Flavigny (founded in 719), as reported by the Roman traveller Flavius.
After the French revolution, many confectioners began making this delicacy using the same recipe. Only one manufacturer remains today at the abbey, Maison Troubat.

</doc>
<doc id="19600191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19600191" title="The Mayor of Simpleton">
The Mayor of Simpleton

"The Mayor of Simpleton" is a song by English band XTC, released as the first single from their album "Oranges & Lemons".
The song reached No. 72 on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart and No. 1 on its Modern Rock chart, becoming the band's best-performing single in the United States.

</doc>
