<doc id="19568112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19568112" title="Golf">
Golf

Golf is a precision club and ball sport in which competing players (or golfers) use many types of clubs to hit balls into a series of holes on a course using the fewest number of strokes. Golf is defined, in the rules of golf, as "playing a ball with a club from the teeing ground into the hole by a stroke or successive strokes in accordance with the Rules."
It is one of the few ball games that do not require a standardized playing area. Instead, the game is played on a course, in general consisting of an arranged progression of either nine or 18 holes. Each hole on the course must contain a tee box to start from, and a putting green containing the actual hole. There are various other standardized forms of terrain in between, such as the fairway, rough, and hazards, but each hole on a course, and indeed among virtually all courses, is unique in its specific layout and arrangement.
Golf competition is generally played for the lowest number of strokes by an individual, known simply as stroke play, or the lowest score on the most individual holes during a complete round by an individual or team, known as match play. Stroke play is the most commonly seen format at virtually all levels of play, although variations of match play, such as "skins" games, are also seen in televised events. Other forms of scoring also exist.
Origin.
While the modern game of golf originated in 15th-century Scotland, the game's ancient origins are unclear and much debated. Some historians trace the sport back to the Roman game of paganica, in which participants used a bent stick to hit a stuffed leather ball. One theory asserts that paganica spread throughout Europe as the Romans conquered most of the continent, during the first century BC, and eventually evolved into the modern game. Others cite chuiwan ("chui" means striking and "wan" means small ball) as the progenitor, a Chinese game played between the eighth and 14th centuries. A Ming Dynasty scroll dating back to 1368 entitled "The Autumn Banquet" shows a member of the Chinese Imperial court swinging what appears to be a golf club at a small ball with the aim of sinking it into a hole. The game is thought to have been introduced into Europe during the Middle Ages. Another early game that resembled modern golf was known as cambuca in England and chambot in France. This game was, in turn, exported to the Low Countries, Germany, and England (where it was called pall-mall, pronounced “pell mell”). Some observers, however, believe that golf descended from the Persian game, chaugán. In addition, kolven (a game involving a ball and curved bats) was played annually in Loenen, Netherlands, beginning in 1297, to commemorate the capture of the assassin of Floris V, a year earlier.
The modern game originated in Scotland, where the first written record of golf is James II's banning of the game in 1457, as an unwelcome distraction to learning archery. To many golfers, the Old Course at St Andrews, a links course dating to before 1574, is considered to be a site of pilgrimage. Golf is documented as being played on Musselburgh Links, East Lothian, Scotland as early as 2 March 1672, which is certified as the oldest golf course in the world by Guinness World Records. The oldest surviving rules of golf were compiled in March 1744 for the Company of Gentlemen Golfers, later renamed The Honourable Company of Edinburgh Golfers, which was played at Leith, Scotland. The world's oldest golf tournament in existence, and golf's first major, is The Open Championship, which was first played on 17 October 1860 at Prestwick Golf Club, in Ayrshire, Scotland.
Golf course.
A golf course consists of a series of holes, each with a teeing ground that is set off by two markers showing the bounds of the legal tee area, fairway, rough and other hazards, and the putting green surrounded by the fringe with the pin (normally a flagstick) and cup.
The levels of grass are varied to increase difficulty, or to allow for putting in the case of the green. While many holes are designed with a direct line-of-sight from the teeing area to the green, some holes may bend either to the left or to the right. This is commonly called a "dogleg", in reference to a dog's knee. The hole is called a "dogleg left" if the hole angles leftwards and "dogleg right" if it bends right. Sometimes, a hole's direction may bend twice; this is called a "double dogleg".
A typical golf course consists of 18 holes, but nine-hole courses are common and can be played twice through for a full round of 18 holes.
Early Scottish golf courses were primarily laid out on links land, soil-covered sand dunes directly inland from beaches. This gave rise to the term "golf links", particularly applied to seaside courses and those built on naturally sandy soil inland.
The first 18-hole golf course in the United States was located on a sheep farm in Downers Grove, Illinois, in 1892. The course is still situated there today.
Play of the game.
Every round of golf is based on playing a number of holes in a given order. A "round" typically consists of 18 holes that are played in the order determined by the course layout. On a standard course of 18 holes, each hole is played once in the round; on a nine-hole course, players may play a "short game" playing each hole once, or a "full round" by playing each hole twice.
Playing a hole on a golf course is initiated by putting a ball into play by striking it with a club on the teeing ground (also called the tee box, or simply the tee). For this first shot on each hole, it is allowed but not required for the golfer to place the ball on a tee prior to striking it. A tee in this last sense is a small peg that can be used to elevate the ball slightly above the ground up to a few centimetres high, which reduces the interference of the ground or grass on the movement of the club making the ball easier to hit, and also places the ball in the very center of the striking face of the club (the "sweet spot") for better distance. Tees are commonly made of wood but may be constructed of any material, including plastic. Traditionally, golfers used mounds of sand to elevate the ball, and containers of sand were provided for the purpose. A few courses still require sand to be used instead of peg tees, to reduce litter and reduce damage to the teeing ground.
When the initial shot on a hole is intended to move the ball a long distance (typically more than ), the shot is commonly called a "drive" and is generally made with a long-shafted, large-headed wood club called a "driver". Shorter holes may be initiated with other clubs, such as higher-numbered woods or irons. Once the ball comes to rest, the golfer strikes it again as many times as necessary using shots that are variously known as a "lay-up", an "approach", a "pitch", or a "chip", until the ball reaches the green, where he or she then "putts" the ball into the hole (commonly called "sinking the putt" or "holing out"). The goal of getting the ball into the hole ("holing" the ball) in as few strokes as possible may be impeded by obstacles such as areas of longer grass called "rough" (usually found alongside fairways), which both slows any ball that contacts it and makes it harder to advance a ball that has stopped on it; "doglegs", which are changes in the direction of the fairway that often require shorter shots to play around them; bunkers (or sand traps); and water hazards such as ponds or streams.
In stroke play competitions played according to strict rules, each player plays his or her ball until it is holed no matter how many strokes that may take, but in match play it is acceptable to simply pick up one's ball and "surrender the hole" after enough strokes have been made by a player that it is mathematically impossible for the player to win the hole. It is also acceptable in informal stroke play to surrender the hole after hitting three strokes more than the "par" rating of the hole (a "triple bogey" - see below); while technically a violation of Rule 3-2, this practice speeds play as a courtesy to others, and avoids "runaway scores", excessive frustration and injuries caused by overexertion.
Players can walk to their next shot or drive in golf carts over the course or along pathways beside it. The game can be played either individually or in groups and sometimes accompanied by caddies, who carry and manage the players' equipment and who are allowed by the rules to give advice on the play of the course. A caddy's advice can only be given to the player or players for whom the caddy is working, and not to competing players.
Rules and regulations.
The rules of golf are internationally standardised and are jointly governed by The R&A, spun off in 2004 from The Royal and Ancient Golf Club of St Andrews (founded 1754), and the United States Golf Association (USGA).
The underlying principle of the rules is fairness. As stated on the back cover of the official rule book:
There are strict regulations regarding the amateur status of golfers. Essentially, anybody who has ever received payment or compensation for giving instruction, or played golf for money, is not considered an amateur and may not participate in competitions limited solely to amateurs. However, amateur golfers may receive expenses that comply with strict guidelines and they may accept non-cash prizes within the limits established by the Rules of Amateur Status.
In addition to the officially printed rules, golfers also abide by a set of guidelines called golf etiquette. Etiquette guidelines cover matters such as safety, fairness, pace of play, and a player's obligation to contribute to the care of the course. Though there are no penalties for breach of etiquette rules, players generally follow the rules of golf etiquette in an effort to improve everyone's playing experience.
Penalties.
Penalties are incurred in certain situations. They are counted towards a player's score as if there were extra swing(s) at the ball. Strokes are added for rule infractions or for hitting one's ball into an unplayable situation.
A lost ball or a ball hit out of bounds result in a penalty of one stroke and distance (Rule 27–1). A one-stroke penalty is assessed if a player's equipment causes the ball to move or the removal of a loose impediment causes the ball to move (Rule 18–2). If a golfer makes a stroke at the wrong ball (Rule 19–2) or hits a fellow golfer's ball with a putt (Rule 19–5), the player incurs a two-stroke penalty. Most rule infractions lead to stroke penalties but also can lead to disqualification. Disqualification could be from cheating, signing for a lower score, or from rule infractions that lead to improper play.
Equipment.
Golf clubs are used to hit the golf ball. Each club is composed of a shaft with a lance (or "grip") on the top end and a club head on the bottom. Long clubs, which have a lower amount of degreed loft, are those meant to propel the ball a comparatively longer distance, and short clubs a higher degree of loft and a comparatively shorter distance. Typically, the actual physical length of each club is longer or shorter, depending on the distance the club is intended to propel the ball.
Golf clubs have traditionally been arranged into three basic types. Woods are large-headed, long-shafted clubs meant to propel the ball a long distance from relatively "open" lies, such as the tee box and fairway. Of particular importance is the "driver" or "1-wood", which is the lowest lofted wood club, and in modern times has become highly specialized for making extremely long-distance tee shots, up to or more in the hands of a professional golfer. Traditionally these clubs had heads made of a hardwood, hence the name, but virtually all modern woods are now made of metal such as titanium, or of composite materials. Irons are shorter-shafted clubs with a metal head primarily consisting of a flat, angled striking face. Traditionally the clubhead was forged from iron; modern iron clubheads are investment-cast from a steel alloy. Irons of varying loft are used for a variety of shots from virtually anywhere on the course, but most often for shorter-distance shots approaching the green, or to get the ball out of tricky lies such as sand traps. The third class is the putter, which evolved from the irons to create a low-lofted, balanced club designed to roll the ball along the green and into the hole. Putters are virtually always used on the green or in the surrounding rough/fringe. A fourth class, called hybrids, evolved as a cross between woods and irons, and are typically seen replacing the low-lofted irons with a club that provides similar distance, but a higher launch angle and a more forgiving nature.
A maximum of 14 clubs is allowed in a player's bag at one time during a stipulated round. The choice of clubs is at the golfer's discretion, although every club must be constructed in accordance with parameters outlined in the rules. (Clubs that meet these parameters are usually called "conforming".) Violation of these rules can result in disqualification.
The exact shot hit at any given time on a golf course, and which club is used to accomplish the shot, are always completely at the discretion of the golfer; in other words, there is no restriction whatsoever on which club a golfer may or may not use at any time for any shot.
Golf balls are spherical, usually white (although other colors are allowed), and minutely pock-marked by dimples that decrease aerodynamic drag by increasing air turbulence around the ball in motion, which delays "boundary layer" separation and reduces the drag-inducing "wake" behind the ball,
thereby allowing the ball to fly farther.
A tee is allowed only for the first stroke on each hole, unless the player must hit a provisional tee shot or replay his or her first shot from the tee.
Many golfers wear golf shoes with metal or plastic spikes designed to increase traction, thus allowing for longer and more accurate shots. A golf bag is used to transport golf clubs and the player's other or personal equipment. Golf bags have several pockets designed for carrying equipment and supplies such as tees, balls, and gloves. Golf bags can be carried, pulled on a trolley or harnessed to a motorized golf cart during play. Golf bags have both a hand strap and shoulder strap for carrying, and sometimes have retractable legs that allow the bag to stand upright when at rest.
Stroke mechanics.
Golfers start with the non-dominant side of the body facing the target. At address the body and club are positioned parallel to the target line. The feet are commonly shoulder-width apart for middle irons and putters, narrower for short irons and wider for long irons and woods. The ball is positioned in the centre of the player's stance for short irons and putters, more to the front for middle irons and even more for long irons and woods. The golfer chooses a golf club, grip, and stroke appropriate to the distance:
Having chosen a club and stroke to produce the desired distance, the player addresses the ball by taking their stance to the side of it and (except when the ball lies in a hazard) grounding the club behind the ball. The golfer then takes their backswing, rotating the club, their arms and their upper body away from the ball, and then begins their swing, bringing the clubhead back down and around to hit the ball. A proper golf swing is a complex combination of motions, and slight variations in posture or positioning can make a great deal of difference in how well the ball is hit and how straight it travels. The general goal of a player making a full swing is to propel the clubhead as fast as possible while maintaining a single "plane" of motion of the club and clubhead, to send the clubhead into the ball along the desired path of travel and with the clubhead also pointing that direction.
Accuracy and consistency is typically stressed over pure distance. A player with a straight drive that travels only will nevertheless be able to accurately place the ball into a favorable lie on the fairway, and can make up for the lesser distance of any given club by simply using "more club" (a lower loft) on their tee shot or on subsequent fairway and approach shots. However, a golfer with a drive that may go but often doesn't fly straight will be less able to position their ball advantageously; the ball may "hook", "pull", "draw", "fade", "push" or "slice" off the intended line and land out of bounds or in the rough or hazards, and thus the player will require many more strokes to hole out.
Musculature.
A golf stroke uses muscles on core (especially erector spinae muscles and latissimus dorsi muscle when turning), hamstring, shoulder, and wrist. Stronger muscles on wrist can prevent wrists from being twisted at swings, while stronger shoulders increase the turning force. Weak wrists can also deliver the impacts to elbows and even neck and lead to injury of them. (When a muscle contracts, it pulls equally from both ends and, in order to have movement at only one end of the muscle, other muscles must come into play to stabilize the bone to which the other end of the muscle is attached.) Golf is a unilateral exercise that can break body balances, requiring exercises to keep the balance in muscles.
Scoring and handicapping.
Par.
A hole is classified by its par, meaning the number of strokes a skilled golfer should require to complete play of the hole. Par always includes a stroke for the tee shot and two putts, so the minimum par of any hole is 3, but pars of 4 and 5 strokes are common, and a few courses feature par-6 and even par-7 holes. Strokes other than the tee shot and putts are expected to be made from the fairway; for example, a skilled golfer expects to reach the green on a par-4 hole in two strokes—one from the tee (the "drive") and another, second, stroke to the green (the "approach")—and then roll the ball into the hole in two putts for par. Putting the ball on the green with two strokes remaining for putts is called making "green in regulation" or GIR.
The primary factor for classifying the par of a relatively straight, hazard-free hole is the distance from the tee to the green. A typical par-3 hole is less than 250 yards (225 m) in length, with a par-4 hole ranging between 251 and 475 yards (225–434 m), and a par-5 hole being longer than 475 yards (435 m). The rare par-6s can stretch well over 650 yards (595 m). These distances are based on the typical scratch golfer's drive distance of between ; a green further than the average player's drive will require additional shots from the fairway. However, other considerations must be taken into account; the key question is "how many strokes would a scratch golfer take to make the green by playing along the fairway?". The grade of the land from the tee to the hole might increase or decrease the carry and rolling distance of shots as measured linearly along the ground. Sharp turns or hazards may require golfers to "lay up" on the fairway in order to change direction or hit over the hazard with their next shot. These design considerations will affect how even a scratch golfer would play the hole, irrespective of total distance from tee to green, and must be included in a determination of par. However, a par score never includes "expected" penalty strokes, as a scratch player is never "expected" to hit a ball into a water hazard or other unplayable situation. So, the placement of hazards only affect par when considering how a scratch golfer would avoid them.
Eighteen-hole courses typically total to an overall par score of 72 for a complete round; this would be four par-3, ten par-4, and four par-5 holes, though other combinations exist and are not less worthy than courses of par-72. Many major championships are contested on courses playing to a par of 70, 71, or 72 (typically reducing the number of par-4 holes for par-3s and trading distance for difficulty). Additionally, in some countries, courses are classified according to their play difficulty, which may be used to calculate a golfer's playing handicap for a given course. Two par-72 courses may have different difficulties; the more difficult course will typically have distances in the upper end of each par rating, more hazards, narrower or "shallower" fairways, hillier or more uneven terrain, etc. which all make the course harder to play even when the basic par score determinants are the same.
Scoring.
In every form of play, the goal is to play as few strokes per round as possible. A golfer's score is usually expressed as the difference between the player's number of strokes and the par score. A hole in one (or an "ace") occurs when a golfer sinks his ball into the cup with his first stroke from the tee. Common scores for a hole also have specific terms.
Basic forms of golf.
Match play.
In match play, two players (or two teams) play each hole as a separate contest against each other. The party with the lower score wins that hole, or if the scores of both players or teams are equal the hole is "halved" (or tied). The game is won by the party that wins more holes than the other. In the case that one team or player has taken a lead that cannot be overcome in the number of holes remaining to be played, the match is deemed to be won by the party in the lead, and the remainder of the holes are not played. For example, if one party already has a lead of six holes, and only five holes remain to be played on the course, the match is over and the winning party is deemed to have won "6 & 5". At any given point, if the lead is equal to the number of holes remaining, the party leading the match is said to be "dormie", and the match is continued until the party increases the lead by one hole or ties any of the remaining holes, thereby winning the match, or until the match ends in a tie with the lead player's opponent winning all remaining holes. When the game is tied after the predetermined number of holes have been played, it may be continued until one side takes a one-hole lead.
Stroke play.
In stroke play, the score achieved for each and every hole of the round or tournament is added to produce the total score, and the player with the lowest score wins. Stroke play is the game most commonly played by professional golfers. If there is a tie after the regulation number of holes in a professional tournament, a playoff takes place between all tied players. Playoffs either are sudden death or employ a pre-determined number of holes, anywhere from three to a full 18. In sudden death, a player who scores lower on a hole than all of his opponents wins the match. If at least two players remain tied after such a playoff using a pre-determined number of holes, then play continues in sudden death format, where the first player to win a hole wins the tournament.
Other forms of play.
Bogey Competition.
A Bogey competition is a scoring format sometimes seen in at informal tournaments. Its scoring is similar to match play, except each player compares their hole score to the hole's par rating instead of the score of another player. The player "wins" the hole if they score a birdie or better, they "lose" the hole if they score a bogey or worse, and they "halve" the hole by scoring par. By recording only this simple win-loss-halve score on the sheet, a player can shrug off a very poorly-played hole with a simple "-" mark and move on. As used in competitions, the player or pair with the best win-loss "differential" wins the competition.
Skins.
A skins game is a variation on match play where each hole has an amount of money (the "skin") attached. This may be prize money at the professional level (the most famous event to use these rules was the "LG Skins Game", played at Indian Wells Golf Resort in California until 2008), or an amount wagered for each hole among amateur players. The player with the lowest score on the hole wins the skin for that hole; if two or more players tie for the lowest score, the skin carries over to the next hole. This continues until a player wins a hole outright, which may (and often does) result in a player receiving money for a previous hole that they hadn't tied for. If players tie the 18th hole, either all players or only the tying players repeat the 18th hole until an outright winner is decided for that hole (and all undecided skins).
9-Points.
A 9-point game is another variant of match play typically played among threesomes, where each hole is worth a total of 9 points. The player with the lowest score on a hole receives 5 points, the next-lowest score 3 and the next-lowest score 1. Ties are generally resolved by summing the points contested and dividing them among the tying players; a two-way tie for first is worth 4 points to both players, a two-way tie for second is worth 2 points to both players, and a three-way tie is worth 3 points to each player. The player with the highest score after 18 holes (in which there are 162 points to be awarded) wins the game. This format can be used to wager on the game systematically; players each contribute the same amount of money to the pot, and a dollar value is assigned to each point scored (or each point after 18) based on the amount of money in the pot, with any overage going to the overall winner.
Stableford.
The Stableford system is a simplification of stroke play that awards players points based on their score relative to the hole's par; the score for a hole is calculated by taking the par score, adding 2, then subtracting the player's hole score, making the result zero if negative. Alternately stated, a double bogey or worse is zero points, a bogey is worth one point, par is two, a birdie three, an eagle four, and so on. The advantages of this system over stroke play are a more natural "higher is better" scoring, the ability to compare Stableford scores between plays on courses with different total par scores (scoring an "even" in stroke play will always give a Stableford score of 36), discouraging the tendency to abandon the entire game after playing a particularly bad hole (a novice playing by strict rules may score as high as an 8 or 10 on a single difficult hole; their Stableford score for the hole would be zero, which puts them only two points behind par no matter how badly they played), and the ability to simply pick up one's ball once it is impossible to score any points for the hole, which speeds play.
The USGA and R&A sanction a "Modified Stableford" system for scratch players, which makes par worth zero, a birdie worth 2, eagle 5 and double-eagle 8, while a bogey is a penalty of -1 and a double-bogey or worse -3. As with the original system, the highest score wins the game, and terrible scores on one or two holes won't wreck an entire game, but this system rewards "bogey-birdie" play more than the original, encouraging golfers to try to make the riskier birdie putt or eagle chipshot instead of simply parring each hole.
Team play.
Unofficial team variations.
Shotgun starts are mainly used for amateur tournament play. In this variant, each of the groups playing starts their game on a different hole, allowing for all players to start and end their round at roughly the same time. All 18 holes are still played, but a player or foursome may, for instance, start on hole 5, play through to the 18th hole, then continue with hole 1 and end on hole 4. This speeds the completion of the entire event as players are not kept waiting for progressive tee times at the first hole. This form of play, as a minor variation to stroke or match play, is neither defined nor disallowed by strict rules and so is used according to local rules for an event.
Handicap systems.
A handicap is a numerical measure of an amateur golfer's ability to play golf over the course of 18 holes. A player's handicap generally represents the number of strokes above par that the player will make over the course of an above-average round of golf. The lower the handicap, the better the player. Someone with a handicap of 0 or less is often called a "scratch golfer", and would typically score or beat the course par on a round of play (depending on course difficulty).
Calculating a handicap is often complicated. By USGA rules, it first requires calculating a "Handicap Differential" for each round of play the player has completed by strict rules. That in itself is a function of the player's "gross adjusted score" (adjustments can be made to mitigate various deviations either from strict rules or from a player's normal capabilities, for handicap purposes only) and two course-specific difficulty ratings: the Course Rating, a calculated expected score for a hypothetical "scratch golfer": and the Slope Rating, a number based on how much worse a hypothetical 20-handicap "bogey golfer" would score compared to the "scratch golfer". The average Slope Rating of all USGA-rated courses as of 2012 is 113, which also factors into the Differential computation.
The most recent Differentials are logged, up to 20 of them, and then the best of these (the number used depends on the number available) are selected, averaged, multiplied by .96 (an "excellence factor" that encourages high handicappers to play better and thus lower their handicap), and truncated to the tenths place to produce the "Handicap Index". Additional calculations can be used to place higher significance on a player's recent tournament scores. A player's Handicap Index is then multiplied by the Slope Rating of the course to be played, divided by the average Slope Rating of 113, then rounded to the nearest integer to produce the player's Course Handicap.
Once calculated, the Course Handicap is applied in stroke play by simply reducing the player's gross score by the handicap, to produce a net score. So, a gross score of 96 with a handicap of 22 would produce a net score of 74. In match play, the lower handicap is subtracted from the higher handicap, and the resulting handicap strokes are awarded to the higher handicapper by distributing them among the holes according to each hole's difficulty; holes are ranked on the scorecard from 1 to 18 (or however many holes are available), and one stroke is applied to each hole from the most difficult to the least difficult. So, if one player has a 9 handicap and another has a 25 handicap, the 25-handicap player receives one handicap stroke on each of the most difficult 16 holes (25-9). If the 25-handicapper were playing against a "scratch golfer" (zero handicap), all 25 strokes would be distributed, first by applying one stroke to each hole, then applying the remaining strokes, one each, to the most difficult 7 holes; so, the handicap player would subtract 2 strokes from each of the most difficult 7 holes, and 1 each from the remaining 11.
Handicap systems have potential for abuse by players who may intentionally play badly to increase their handicap ("throwing their 'cap") before playing to their potential at an important event with a valuable prize. For this reason, professional golf associations do not use them, but they can be calculated and used along with other criteria to determine the relative strengths of various professional players. Touring professionals, being the best of the best, often have negative handicaps; they can be expected, on average, to score lower than the Course Rating on any course.
Popularity.
In 2005, "Golf Digest" calculated that the countries with most golf courses per capita, starting with the best endowed were: Scotland, New Zealand, Australia, Republic of Ireland, Northern Ireland, Canada, Wales, United States, Sweden, and England (countries with fewer than 500,000 people were excluded). Apart from Sweden, all of these countries have English as the majority language, but the number of courses in new territories is increasing rapidly.
The most notable example of this phenomenon is the expansion of golf in China. The first golf course in China opened in 1984, but by the end of 2009 there were roughly 600 in the country. For the last several years, development of new golf courses in China has been officially banned (with the exception of the island province of Hainan), but the number of courses had nonetheless tripled from 2004 to 2009; the "ban" has been easily evaded with the government's tacit approval simply by not mentioning golf in any development plans.
In the United States, the number of people who play golf twenty-five times or more per year decreased from 6.9 million in 2000 to 4.6 million in 2005, according to the National Golf Foundation. The NGF reported that the number who played golf at all decreased from 30 to 26 million over the same period.
Golf courses worldwide.
Number of golf courses by country in 2008
Professional golf.
The majority of professional golfers work as club or teaching professionals ("pros"), and only compete in local competitions. A small elite of professional golfers are "tournament pros" who compete full-time on international "tours". Many club and teaching professionals working in the golf industry start as caddies or with a general interest in the game, finding employment at golf courses and eventually moving on to certifications in their chosen profession. These programs include independent institutions and universities, and those that eventually lead to a Class A golf professional certification. Touring professionals typically start as amateur players, who attain their "pro" status after success in major tournaments that win them either prize money and/or notice from corporate sponsors. Jack Nicklaus, for example, gained widespread notice by finishing second in the 1960 U.S. Open to champion Arnold Palmer, with a 72-hole score of 282 (the best score to date in that tournament by an amateur). He played one more amateur year in 1961, winning that year's U.S. Amateur Championship, before turning pro in 1962.
Instruction.
Golf instruction involves the teaching and learning of the game of golf. Proficiency in teaching golf instruction requires not only technical and physical ability but also knowledge of the rules and etiquette of the game. In some countries, golf instruction is best performed by teachers certified by the Professional Golfers Association. Some top instructors who work with professional golfers have become quite well known in their own right. Instructors use a combination of physical conditioning, mental visualization, classroom sessions, club fitting, driving range instruction, on-course play under real conditions, and review of videotaped swings in slow motion to teach golf.
Golf tours.
There are at least twenty professional golf tours, each run by a PGA or an independent tour organization, which is responsible for arranging events, finding sponsors, and regulating the tour. Typically a tour has "members" who are entitled to compete in most of its events, and also invites non-members to compete in some of them. Gaining membership of an elite tour is highly competitive, and most professional golfers never achieve it.
Perhaps the most widely known tour is the PGA Tour, which tends to attract the strongest fields, outside the four Majors and the four World Golf Championships events. This is due mostly to the fact that most PGA Tour events have a first prize of at least 800,000 USD. The European Tour, which attracts a substantial number of top golfers from outside North America, ranks second to the PGA Tour in worldwide prestige. Some top professionals from outside North America play enough tournaments to maintain membership on both the PGA Tour and European Tour. The 2011 and 2012 golf seasons saw both tours' money titles claimed by the same individual, respectively Luke Donald and Rory McIlroy. In 2013, Henrik Stenson won the FedEx Cup points race on the PGA Tour and the European Tour money title, but did not top the PGA Tour money list (that honor going to Tiger Woods).
The other leading men's tours include the Japan Golf Tour, the Asian Tour (Asia outside Japan), the PGA Tour of Australasia, and the Sunshine Tour (for southern Africa, primarily South Africa). The Japan, Australasian, Sunshine, PGA, and European Tours are the charter members of the trade body of the world's main tours, the International Federation of PGA Tours, founded in 1996. The Asian Tour became a full member in 1999. The Canadian Tour became an associate member of the Federation in 2000, and the Tour de las Américas (Latin America) became an associate member of the Federation in 2007. The Federation underwent a major expansion in 2009 that saw eleven new tours become full members – the Canadian Tour, Tour de las Américas, China Golf Association, the Korea Professional Golfers' Association, Professional Golf Tour of India, and the operators of all six major women's tours worldwide. The OneAsia Tour, founded in 2009, is not a member of the Federation, but was founded as a joint venture of the Australasia, China, Japan, and Korean tours. In 2011, the Tour de las Américas was effectively taken over by the PGA Tour, and in 2012 was folded into the new PGA Tour Latinoamérica. Also in 2012, the Canadian Tour was renamed PGA Tour Canada after it agreed to be taken over by the PGA Tour. All men's tours that are Federation members, except the India tour, offer points in the Official World Golf Ranking (OWGR) to players who place sufficiently high in their events. The OneAsia Tour also offers ranking points.
Golf is unique in having lucrative competition for older players. There are several senior tours for men aged fifty and over, arguably the best known of which is the U.S.-based Champions Tour.
There are six principal tours for women, each based in a different country or continent. The most prestigious of these is the United States based LPGA Tour. All of the principal tours offer points in the Women's World Golf Rankings for high finishers in their events.
All of the leading professional tours for under-50 players have an official developmental tour, in which the leading players at the end of the season will earn a tour card on the main tour for the following season. Examples include the Web.com Tour, which feeds to the PGA Tour, and the Challenge Tour, which is the developmental tour of the European Tour. The Web.com and Challenge Tours also offer OWGR points.
Men's major championships.
The major championships are the four most prestigious men's tournaments of the year. In chronological order they are: The Masters, the U.S. Open, The Open Championship (referred to in North America as the British Open) and the PGA Championship.
The fields for these events include the top several dozen golfers from all over the world. The Masters has been played at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia, since its inception in 1934. It is the only major championship that is played at the same course each year. The U.S. Open and PGA Championship are played at courses around the United States, while the Open Championship is played at courses around the United Kingdom.
Prior to the advent of the PGA Championship and The Masters, the four Majors were the U.S. Open, the U.S. Amateur, the Open Championship, and the British Amateur.
Women's major championships.
Women's golf does not have a globally agreed set of majors. The list of majors recognised by the dominant women's tour, the LPGA Tour in the U.S., has changed several times over the years, with the most recent changes occurring in 2001 and 2013. Like the PGA Tour, the (U.S.) LPGA tour long had four majors, but now has five: the Kraft Nabisco Championship, the LPGA Championship, the U.S. Women's Open, the Women's British Open (which replaced the du Maurier Classic as a major in 2001) and The Evian Championship (added as the fifth major in 2013). Only the last two are also recognised as majors by the Ladies European Tour. However, the significance of this is limited, as the LPGA is far more dominant in women's golf than the PGA Tour is in mainstream men's golf. For example, the BBC has been known to use the U.S. definition of "women's majors" without qualifying it. Also, the Ladies' Golf Union, the governing body for women's golf in Great Britain and Ireland, stated on its official website that the Women's British Open was "the only Women's Major to be played outside the U.S." (this was before the elevation of The Evian Championship to major status). For many years, the Ladies European Tour tacitly acknowledged the dominance of the LPGA Tour by not scheduling any of its own events to conflict with the three LPGA majors played in the U.S., but that changed beginning in 2008, when the LET scheduled an event opposite the LPGA Championship. The second-richest women's tour, the LPGA of Japan Tour, does not recognise any of the U.S. LPGA or European majors as it has its own set of majors (historically three, since 2008 four). However, these events attract little notice outside Japan.
Senior major championships.
Senior (aged fifty and over) men's golf does not have a globally agreed set of majors. The list of senior majors on the U.S.-based Champions Tour has changed over the years, but always by expansion. The Champions Tour now recognises five majors: the Senior PGA Championship, The Tradition, the Senior Players Championship, the United States Senior Open, and The Senior (British) Open Championship.
Of the five events, the Senior PGA is by far the oldest, having been founded in 1937. The other events all date from the 1980s, when senior golf became a commercial success as the first golf stars of the television era, such as Arnold Palmer and Gary Player, reached the relevant age. The Senior British Open was not recognised as a major by the Champions Tour until 2003. The European Seniors Tour recognises only the Senior PGA and the two Senior Opens as majors. However, the Champions Tour is arguably more dominant in global senior golf than the U.S. LPGA is in global women's golf.

</doc>
<doc id="19568130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19568130" title="Gerda Johansson">
Gerda Johansson

Gerda Matilda Eleonora Johansson (later "Wranné", March 14, 1891 – April 10, 1965) was a Swedish diver who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
She was born in Stockholm and died in Hässelby.
In 1912 she was eliminated in the first round of the 10 metre platform competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19568136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19568136" title="Baba Sehgal">
Baba Sehgal

Baba Sehgal is an Indian rapper, film composer, actor and playback singer, known for his works in Indipop, Telugu cinema, Bollywood and Tamil cinema. Brought up in Lucknow, he began his career in mid-1990s. He is credited as the first Indian rapper to jump on the Indipop bandwagon, and released an album which got frequent airplay on MTV India. Since then he has dominated the Indian rap scene with hits such as 'Thanda Thanda Paani' (a remake of "Ice Ice Baby" by Vanilla Ice), 'Manjula' and 'Dil Dhadke'.
Career.
Sehgal's first album was "Dilruba" (1990) followed by "Alibaba" (1991), "Thanda Thanda Pani" (1992), "Main Bhi Madonna" (1993), "Double Gadbad" (1999) and many more albums. He almost always writes, composes and sings the songs in his albums himself. He was the music director of the movie "Dance Party" (1995) which had a popular song "kapurthala se aaya hoon, tere liye laaya hoon, Orange kurta peela pajama..". He has the distinction of having the first Indian music video ever to be shown on MTV Asia (which was broadcasting out of Hong Kong at the time).
In 1998 he made his acting debut in "Miss 420" for which he was also the playback singer for hit songs including "Dhak Dhak Yeh Dil" and "Memsaab O' Memsaab". In 1999 he played a double role in the film "Double Gadbad" (1999). He also wrote, composed and sang all the songs for this film's soundtrack. He was also the television host of the TV show "Superhit Muqabla" which was aired on DD2 at primetime. He has also worked as a stage performer and a model.
He was in New York from 2001 to 2005 and when he came home to Mumbai, he released his album 'Welcome to Mumbai', which was his 22nd and latest music album.
He also directed the music for the Bollywood film "Bhoot Uncle" (2006).
He is also anchoring the TV show 'Santa and Banta news unlimited' on Zoom. In 2009 he was one of the performers on the NDTV Imagine show "Dhoom Macha De". That same year he played a role in the SAB TV comedy series "Jugni Chali Jalandhar". In 2011 he appeared in "Rang Badalti Odhani" on Star One. He is featured on the Imagine Showbiz series Baba's Cross Connection.
Renewed as a Playback Singer.
Baba Sehgal sung many songs for Tollywood. Some of the instant hits include Rikshavodu, Jalsa, Aarya 2, Adhurs, and Don Seenu, Gabbar Singh. He was mostly hired by music director Devi Sri Prasad. It was under Devi Sri Prasad's composition that Sehgal sung the Tamil songs "Jalsa Jalsa" from "Villu", "Kadhal Vandhale" from "Singam", "Osthe Mama" from "Osthe".He has also sung the Tamil song "sokku Podi" from "Muppozhudhum Un Karpanaigal' and Kannada song "Chanagidyalle" for the movie "Lucky"," Nee oodi bandaga" for film Shiva 2012 Kannada. He Recently sang the Gabbar Singh title song from the movie 'Gabbar Singh'. It became one of his most popular songs.
He admits that he likes pawan kalyan and composed a song on " PAWANISM " which is chanted by all Pawan Kalyan Fans. The song "Pawa Pawa Pawan Kalyan" is released by Aditya Music on Pawan Kalyan's Birthday 2nd Sep, 2012 and is expected to be whistled by Baba Sehgal in the audio release of Pawan Kalyan's new film "Cameraman Ganga to Rambabu".
Acting Debut.
Baba Sehgal also making his Debut in a Heroine centric magnum opus movie Rudhramadevi, Anushka Shetty in the lead .directed by National award winner Gunasekhar.

</doc>
<doc id="19568147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19568147" title="Dagmar Nilsson">
Dagmar Nilsson

Dagmar Calla Johanna Nilsson (later "Törnblom", January 29, 1894 – April 6, 1974) was a Swedish diver who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
She was born in Stockholm and died in Enskede.
In 1912 she was eliminated in the first round of the 10 metre platform competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19568198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19568198" title="Ester Edström">
Ester Edström

Ester Maria Edström (September 5, 1892 – June 30, 1945) was a Swedish diver who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
She was born in Västerås.
In 1912 she was eliminated in the first round of the 10 metre platform competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19568204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19568204" title="Thompson, Florida">
Thompson, Florida

Thompson is an unincorporated community in Monroe County, Florida, United States. It is located in the upper Florida Keys on Key Largo on US 1 (the Overseas Highway) northeast of Tavernier and southwest of Sunset Point and Rock Harbor.
Geography.
It is located at with an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="19568245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19568245" title="Willy Thulin">
Willy Thulin

Villy "Willy" Elvira Thulin (later "Sandberg", October 26, 1889 – May 3, 1967) was a Swedish diver who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
She was born in Uppsala and died in Stockholm.
In 1912 she was eliminated in the first round of the 10 metre platform competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19568281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19568281" title="Märta Adlerz">
Märta Adlerz

Märta Elvira Adlerz (later "Hermansson", April 3, 1897 – February 28, 1979) was a Swedish diver who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics and in the 1920 Summer Olympics.
She was born in Stockholm and died in Bromma.
In 1912 she was eliminated in the first round of the 10 metre platform competition.
Eight years later she was again eliminated in the first round of the 10 metre platform event.
She was the younger sister of Erik Adlerz, who was also an olympic swimmer.

</doc>
<doc id="19568299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19568299" title="Buena Fe (duo)">
Buena Fe (duo)

Buena Fe is a Cuban pop music duo, formed in 1999 in the province of Guantánamo, composed of Israel Rojas Fiel and Yoel Martínez Rodríguez. They have released seven studio albums: "Déjame entrar" (2001), "Arsenal" (2003), "Corazonero" (2004), "Presagios" (2006), "Catalejo" (2008), "Pi es 3,14" (2010) and "Dial" (2013). The name, "Buena Fe", means "Good Faith" in Spanish.
History.
Israel Rojas Fiel, a lawyer, and Yoel Martínez Rodríguez, a music student, formed the duo. In November 1999, they made their debut with the song "Intimidad". As a result, the Association "Hermanos Saíz" in Guantánamo invited the duo to join them.
In 2001 they moved to Havana to record their first album, "Déjame entrar" (""). There they joined the agency Musicuba, of the label EGREM.
Style.
The music of Buena Fe has a unique sound an excellent compositions. The trova influences are present in all their lyrics, which contain thoughts about the contemporary life, with contemporary sonority, allowing arrangements that makes each song fit in many Cuban genres, with influences from pop and rock.
Although the experts include them in the pop genre, according to Israel they make fusion music based in the trova style; and, while having pop tendencies, they use other styles and influences as well, which allows them to present more ellaborate ideas. Also according to Israel, although they don't claim to be a pop band, they are not concerned with being classified as such, but however he thinks that they do more than pop music.
According to Yoel, they make a fusion using pop music and trova, besides playing with other styles to keep the texts flowing. Also according to Yoel, some say that Buena Fe makes trova if playing with the guitar alone; and makes Cuban pop rock if playing with the band; and this might be true, except for the fact that they also experiment a lot.
They try to avoid categories; trying to make prevail the poetry and the venturous verse; trying to wrap it with pop rock sonorities, but with a direct link to what used to be the intelligent songs that was made from the 60s to the 80s in Cuba.
Discography.
"Déjame entrar".
"Déjame entrar" ("") is the first studio album released by Buena Fe. It was released in 2001.
The album is an invitation to think about the problems of the contemporary people. Its style ranges from son and guaracha to reggae, pop rock, and trova, including the fusion of flamenco.
It was nominated to the award Cubadisco 2002 in the categories Design and Pop. It was awarded the Cubadisco 2002 in the category of <Ópera prima>.
Tracklist:
"Arsenal".
"Arsenal" ("") is the second studio album released by Buena Fe. It was released in 2003.
The album was nominated to the Cubadisco 2003 awards, in the categories of Recording, Production, and Design. It was awarded the Cubadisco 2003 in the category of Pop, as well as the award EGREM 2004 in the same category.
Tracklist:
"Corazonero".
"Corazonero" ("") is the third studio album released by Buena Fe. It was released in 2004.
Tracklist:
This album was nominated for the Cubadisco 2005 award in the category Pop/Fusion. It won the award EGREM 2005 in the category Pop rock and the award Cubadisco 2005 in the category Graphic design.
"Presagios".
"Presagios" ("") is the fourth studio album released by Buena Fe. It was released in 2006.
This album won the award Cubadisco in 2007, in the Pop Rock category.
Tracklist:
"Catalejo".
"Catalejo" ("") is the fifth studio album of Buena Fe. It was released in 2008.
The album contains social thinkings about the Cuban way of life and the world's; being also present the topic of love, in ballads such as "Lástima".
Tracklist:
"Pi 3,14".
"Pi 3,14" ("") is the sixth studio album of Buena Fe. It was released in 2010.
Continue their line of work where Israel Rojas, the author of all the issues, go to an acute reflection on the national and international society and its components, and to make an aside to question also specific ways philosophical concepts of human behavior.
Tracklist: 

</doc>
<doc id="19568334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19568334" title="Ascensión">
Ascensión

Ascensión is a city in northern Chihuahua, Mexico. Its population in the 2010 census was 13,456 inhabitants. The city is the capital of Ascensión Municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="19568340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19568340" title="Sugarmouse Island">
Sugarmouse Island

Sugarmouse Island is an islet with an area of 0.54 ha in south-eastern Australia. It is part of the Mutton Bird Island Group, lying close to the southern end of the south-western coast of Tasmania. The island is part of the Port Davey Islands Important Bird Area, so identified by BirdLife International because of its importance for breeding seabirds. 
Fauna.
Recorded breeding seabird species are the Fairy Prion (2000 pairs) and Black-faced Cormorant.

</doc>
<doc id="19568341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19568341" title="Malda (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Malda (Lok Sabha constituency)

Malda (Lok Sabha constituency) was one of the 543 parliamentary constituencies in India. The constituency centred on Malda in West Bengal. 
Assembly segments.
Malda Lok Sabha constituency was composed of the following assembly segments:
As per order of the Delimitation Commission in respect of the delimitation of constituencies in the West Bengal, Malda parliamentary constituency will cease to exist and current constituent assembly segments will be part of either of the two new ones: Maldaha Uttar (Lok Sabha constituency) or Maldaha Dakshin (Lok Sabha constituency).
Election results.
1951-1971.
The winners are shown below. 

</doc>
<doc id="19568346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19568346" title="Rock Harbor, Florida">
Rock Harbor, Florida

Rock Harbor is an unincorporated community in Monroe County, Florida, United States. It is located in the upper Florida Keys on Key Largo on US 1 (the Overseas Highway) northeast of Thompson and southwest of Newport and the Census-designated place (CDP) of Key Largo.
Geography.
It is located at .
Its elevation is , making it relatively high for the Keys.

</doc>
<doc id="19568356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19568356" title="Freeways (EP)">
Freeways (EP)

Freeways is the second EP released by Canadian synth-pop group Men Without Hats.
Released in 1985, it contains songs originally released on the group's 1980 EP "Folk of the 80's", plus several versions of the song "Freeways".
"Freeways (Euromix)" first appeared as a B-side track on a European 12" edition of the "I Got The Message" single in 1982.
According to the liner notes of the 1985 cassette edition, the song "Freeways" was recorded between August and December 1980 at Studio Marko, Montréal, with core Men Without Hats member Ivan Doroschuk providing vocals & electronics, longtime member Jeremie Arrobas providing drums & electronics (Jérémie Arrobas wrote the music), and very brief bandmember Tracy Howe playing guitars. The original recording was engineered by André Perrault, and it was remixed by engineer Louis Gauthier. The song was dedicated to Bill St.-Georges.
The various mixes of "Freeway" on the cassette release differ in the following ways:
It isn't clear if the Euromix is the original mix by Perrault and the others are Gauthier's remixes, or if the original version is unreleased and all four released versions are Gauthier remixes. Also unclear is when each mix was completed; all that can be confirmed by copyright dates on releases is that the Euromix was made before 1983 and the others were made before 1986.
Footage of the band's 1985–1986 "Freeways" tour was the basis for the 2006 DVD release "Live Hats".

</doc>
<doc id="19568397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19568397" title="Karin Leiditz">
Karin Leiditz

Karin Lilly Maria Leiditz (later "Jansson", later "Lörwall", January 5, 1896 – June 12, 1974) was a Swedish diver who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.
She was born in Hanhals, Halland and died in Lund.
In 1920 she was eliminated in the first round of the 10 metre platform competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19568463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19568463" title="List of Axis operational codenames in the European Theatre">
List of Axis operational codenames in the European Theatre

The list of Axis named operations in the European Theatre represents those military operations that received a codename, predominantly from the Wehrmacht commands. It does not represent all operations that were carried out by the Axis powers, or their allies in the European Theatre during the Second World War. Although named operations, the entries represent activities that spanned the entire theatre or large parts of it, multi-year campaigns, battles, engagements and even combat that resulted in relatively small actions by armed forces.

</doc>
<doc id="19568468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19568468" title="Hanny Kellner">
Hanny Kellner

Hanny Kellner (born October 31, 1892, date of death unknown) was an Austrian diver who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
She was born in Vienna.
In 1912 she was eliminated in the first round of the 10 metre platform event. She did not finish the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19568508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19568508" title="Mathurapur (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Mathurapur (Lok Sabha constituency)

Mathurapur (Lok Sabha constituency) is one of the 543 parliamentary constituencies in India. The constituency centres on Mathurapur in West Bengal. All the seven assembly segments of No. 20 Mathurapur (Lok Sabha constituency) are in South 24 Parganas. The seat is reserved for scheduled castes. 
Assembly segments.
As per order of the Delimitation Commission in respect of the delimitation of constituencies in the West Bengal, parliamentary constituency no. 20 Mathurapur, which is reserved for SC is composed of the following segments from 2009:
In 2004 Mathurapur Lok Sabha constituency was composed of the following assembly segments:
Results prior to 2009.
Results of elections held prior to 2009 are summarised below:
1962-1971.
The winners are shown below.

</doc>
<doc id="19568513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19568513" title="Yacht-Club von Deutschland">
Yacht-Club von Deutschland

The Yacht-Club von Deutschland (YCvD), "Yacht Club of Germany", was a yacht club platform established in 1937 during Nazi rule in Germany.
History.
The Sports Office of the Reich (DRL/NSRL) was founded in July 1934. As a result of its activity all German sport associations gradually lost their independence and became subject to its manipulation.
The Yacht-Club von Deutschland originated after the 1936 Summer Olympics sailing events in the Bay of Kiel. The following year the prestigious Kaiserlicher Yacht Club (Imperial Yacht Club) was forcefully merged with local smaller clubs in the Kiel area, like "Kieler Segelvereinigung" (KSV). 
The main purpose in the creation of the Yacht-Club von Deutschland was to "bring into line" the scattered yachting and sailing clubs of North Germany's former Hanseatic League cities under a central command along with yacht clubs elsewhere in Germany. The Yacht Club of Kiel's name "Kaiserlicher Yacht Club", deemed by the Nazis not to be in tune with "the spirit of the times" ("zeitgemäß"), soon fell into oblivion and the honorary commodore's title was withdrawn from old former Emperor William II, who withered in exile in Doorn, the Netherlands. 
The Yacht-Club von Deutschland was further expanded by the "incorporation" ("Einverleibung") with other German yacht clubs having a royal background. Foremost of these were the Yacht Club of Bavaria (Bayerischer Yacht-Club) and the Württembergischer Yacht Club, to form a massive pan-German entity. 
After successfully organizing the 1937 Kiel Week, the Yacht-Club von Deutschland supported the Norddeutscher Regatta Verein (NRV) in the organization of the Star Class European Championship in the same year.
Upon the 1938 annexation of Austria ("Anschluss"), half of the Austrian yacht clubs were brought under the wing of the Yacht-Club von Deutschland. In 1939 many of the sailing competitions and other planned events in preparation for the 1940 Helsinki Summer Olympics were carried out in Germany, especially in Kiel, despite of the imminence of the war.
The last significant activity of the Yacht-Club von Deutschland right before the outbreak of World War II was the organization of the Star World Championship, together with the NRV. YCvD Kiel members Dr. Peter Hansohm and Christian Blankenburg ended up third in the general classification. On September 1, participants belonging mainly to nations that had become hostile were brought safely across the border into Denmark together with their boats. This operation was carried out with the assistance of the Kriegsmarine. 
World War II radically altered the role of the Yacht-Club von Deutschland in the country. Even though it continued its sailing school activities among the youth for a few years, yachting was discouraged. In 1940 monetary funds for organizing sailing events, like Kiel Week, were not forthcoming. Contributors felt emboldened to deny funds to the Yacht-Club von Deutschland owing to the war-related shifting of priorities. 
In the last years of the war many members of the many branches of the yacht club, among them young teenagers, had to go to fight to the fronts. A figure of the casualties is not known.
The Yacht-Club von Deutschland's short life ended with the capitulation of the Nazi government in 1945. As a Nazi organization, it was disbanded when the American Military Government issued a special law outlawing the Nazi party and all of its branches. The smaller yacht clubs that had been forcefully merged with it had to be reestablished anew after the war.
Since the Kaiser had died in 1941 and the reestablishment of the club under the name "Yacht-Club von Deutschland" was not allowed by the British occupying authorities, the former Kaiserlicher Yacht Club was reestablished as the Yacht Club of Kiel.
The Yacht-Club von Deutschland should not be confused with the Motor-Yacht-Club von Deutschland.

</doc>
<doc id="19568519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19568519" title="James Michael Newell">
James Michael Newell

James Michael Newell (February 21, 1900 – December 1985) was a gold medaled WPA artist, best known for his fresco murals. He was born in Carnegie, Pennsylvania into a large Irish family. His birth name was James Erbin Newell but he changed it when becoming an artist. He had one child with his first wife, Emma Greaves. His daughter Patricia Ann Newell was born in 1927.
Life.
James Newell was given a scholarship from a Colonel Mills to study in Paris, France. Newell studied painting at Académie Julian, and then fresco at Beaux-Arts. While in Paris Newell met an art student, Mardy Allen, who later became his second wife. The two researched Renaissance frescoes in Italy. In 1930 Newell assisted La Montagne St. Hubert on frescoes in the American dormitory at La Cité universitaire in Paris. 
James Michael Newell was commissioned by Potomac Electric Power Company to paint murals in lobbies of Washington D.C. offices. During the late 1930s, Newell worked under the Public Works of Art Project (PWAP), and the Federal Art Project (one of the divisions of the WPA created under Federal Project One), painting eight murals titled "The History of Western Civilization", at Evander Childs High School in 1938. 
Newell's additional works include "Alaska" and "Insular Possessions" done in the year 1939. 
In 1940, Newell was commissioned by the Section of Fine Arts of Federal Works Agency to paint "The Underground Railroad", in the Dolgeville, NY post office. 
In the same year Newell painted an oil on canvas named "The Death of Pere Marquette," in the U.S. Post Office in Des Plaines, Illinois. 
Often compared to Diego Rivera's murals, Newell depicted the social scene of his nation. 
His works have been exhibited and placed in permanent collections at the Museum of Modern Art (MOMA, NYC), the Smithsonian, the White House, the Metropolitan Museum of Art (NYC) and other major institutions. 
A film based on his work in frescoes is in use by the Metropolitan Museum, other museums and universities throughout the country. 
In addition, his murals, selected by President and Mrs. Roosevelt have been the focus in films highlighting the art of the WPA.

</doc>
<doc id="19568553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19568553" title="J. Y. Dykman Store">
J. Y. Dykman Store

The J.Y. Dykman Store is located at Main (NY 301) and Pearl streets in the village of Nelsonville, New York, United States, across from the Fish and Fur Club, now the village hall. Like that building, it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. It is currently an antique map store.
It is a one-story, four-bay clapboard-sided frame building. Three of the front four bays are taken up by wood-framed plate glass windows and the recessed double-door entrance with single-light transom; the western bay is a garage added later on. Above it is a bracketed sheet metal entablature with the words "J.Y. DYKMAN" and fleur-de-lis and swag motifs on the fascia and pilaster capitals.
The 1876 Beers map of the Nelsonville area, the earliest one, shows the corner as part of the Gouverneur estate. By 1912 James Y. Dykman, a prominent local businessman who had already opened a feed store nearby, is listed as the owner of a grocery at the site. By the late 20th century it had become Hudson Rogue, a dealer in antique maps and prints.

</doc>
<doc id="19568560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19568560" title="James Johnson (running back)">
James Johnson (running back)

James Johnson (born September 6, 1984 in New Orleans, Louisiana) is an American football running back for the Pittsburgh Steelers of the National Football League. He was signed by the Cincinnati Bengals as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Kansas State.
Johnson has also been a member of the Minnesota Vikings.
Professional career.
First stint with Bengals.
Johnson was promoted from the Cincinnati Bengals practice squad late in the 2008 season. He saw action in the last two games of the season, carrying the ball nine times for 29 yards. He also caught six passes for 47 yards.
He spent the 2009 season on the practice squad.
Minnesota Vikings.
On January 22, 2010, Johnson signed a future contract with the Minnesota Vikings after his practice squad contract expired at season's end. He was waived on June 14.
Second stint with Bengals.
On Tuesday August 10, 2010 he was again signed by the Cincinnati Bengals in the wake of injuries to running backs Brian Leonard and Cordera Eason-(C.E. subsequently released on waivers).
Green Bay Packers.
On September 6, 2010, he was signed by the Green Bay Packers to their Practice Squad.

</doc>
<doc id="19568601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19568601" title="Reid Glacier (Oregon)">
Reid Glacier (Oregon)

Reid Glacier is an alpine glacier located on the west slope of Mount Hood in the U.S. state of Oregon. It ranges in elevation from about . The glacier is the source of the Sandy River. The upper extent of the glacier is known for extensive crevasses.
The glacier is a remnant of the massive glaciers that formed during the last ice age. It is bounded on the north by Yokum Ridge which also defines the southern side of Sandy Glacier, and by a ridge on the south bounding the north side of Zigzag Glacier. The eastern and upper reaches of this ridge include Illumination Rock. The uppermost portion of the glacier is below Leuthold Couloir. The glacier lies entirely within Mount Hood Wilderness.
Between 1907 and 2004, Reid Glacier lost 35% of its surface area. The glacier terminus has retreated by over the same time period. 

</doc>
<doc id="19568624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19568624" title="Nelapr Omebb">
Nelapr Omebb

Nelapr Omebb is the divine name in Enochian that rules the sub-element water of the element water.

</doc>
<doc id="19568676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19568676" title="Medinipur (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Medinipur (Lok Sabha constituency)

Medinipur Lok Sabha constituency (formerly, Midnapore Lok Sabha constituency) is one of the 543 parliamentary constituencies in India. The constituency centres on Midnapore in West Bengal. All the seven assembly segments of No. 34 Medinipur (Lok Sabha constituency) are in Paschim Medinipur district. 
Assembly segments.
As per order of the Delimitation Commission issued in 2006 in respect of the delimitation of constituencies in the West Bengal, parliamentary constituency no. 34 Medinipur is composed of the following segments:
Prior to delimitation, Midnapore Lok Sabha constituency was composed of the following assembly segments:
Elections prior to 2009.
Results of elections prior to 2009 are summarised below.

</doc>
<doc id="19568710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19568710" title="Sweet Lovely">
Sweet Lovely

Sweet Lovely is the second album by David Murray to be released on the Italian Black Saint label. It was released in 1980 and features performances by Murray, Fred Hopkins and Steve McCall.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow states "Murray stretches out on four of his originals (which clock in between eight and twelve-and-a-half minutes) and shows plenty of fire but also a healthy dose of lyricism. This is exciting music very much in the avant-garde".

</doc>
<doc id="19568903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19568903" title="Moturu Hanumantha Rao">
Moturu Hanumantha Rao

Moturu Hanumantha Rao was a Communist party leader in the state of Andhra Pradesh, South India. He was the founder-Editor of the Communist newspaper Prajasakti published from Vijayawada. Prajasakti was brought out as a daily under the leadership of P. Sundarayya and editorship of Moturu Hanumantha Rao on August 1, 1981, when the first issue was released by E. M. S. Namboodiripad
He died in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19568905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19568905" title="Gregory M. Sleet">
Gregory M. Sleet

Gregory Moneta Sleet (born March 8, 1951 in New York, New York) is currently Chief Judge of the United States District Court for the District of Delaware. A graduate of the Rutgers University School of Law at Camden, he was appointed as a District Judge by President Bill Clinton in 1998 and became Chief Judge on the court in 2007. Previously, he served as the United States Attorney for the District of Delaware. He was the first Black American to be appointed United States Attorney in Delaware, and the first to be appointed the federal bench in Delaware.
He is the son of Pulitzer Prize-winning photographer Moneta Sleet.

</doc>
<doc id="19568968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19568968" title="Ralph Slatyer">
Ralph Slatyer

Ralph Owen Slatyer AC, FAA (16 April 1929 – 26 July 2012) was an Australian ecologist, and the first Chief Scientist of Australia from 1989 to 1992.
He was born in Perth, Western Australia in 1929, and was educated at Perth Modern School and Wesley College, Perth, then the University of Western Australia from which he graduated with Bachelor’s (1951) Master’s (1955) and Doctoral (1960) degrees in agricultural science.
In 1951, he joined the Division of Land Research at the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation (CSIRO), becoming Associate Chief of that division in 1966. In 1967, he left the CSIRO and became a Professor of Biology at the Australian National University in Canberra. While at ANU, Slatyer travelled twice to the United States where he worked as a Visiting Professor at Duke University (1963–64) and the University of California (1973–74). In the United States, he was appointed a Senior Fellow of both the National Science Foundation and the Ford Foundation. In March 1975 he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society 
In 1977, Prime Minister Malcolm Fraser offered the position of Australia's Ambassador to UNESCO to Dr. Slatyer. Fraser had originally offered the post to Sir John Kerr, who as Governor-General had been responsible for the dismissal of Gough Whitlam's government in the 1975 Australian constitutional crisis, but considerable public pressure prompted Fraser to withdraw the offer to Kerr, and offer the post to Slatyer instead.
Slatyer returned to Australia in 1982, after four years in Paris, and resumed his professorship at ANU. Later that year, the Fraser government appointed him the chair of the Australian Science and Technology Council (ASTEC), a body set up in 1978 by Fraser as a government "think tank" on science and technology. In Slatyer's five years as chair, ASTEC was instrumental in lobbying for tax concessions for research and development in Australia, and conducting a review of the CSIRO. In 1989, Slatyer was made the first Chief Scientist of Australia, advising the Prime Minister of the day on matters relating to science and technology. He was also largely responsible during his tenure for the establishment of Cooperative Research Centres in Australia, a program designed to facilitate collaboration between business and researchers.

</doc>
<doc id="19568980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19568980" title="Zameer Naqvi">
Zameer Naqvi

Allama Syed Zameer Akhtar Naqvi, (b. 1944) is a noted Pakistani Scholar, religious leader, public speaker, and Urdu poet.
Allama Syed Zameer Akhtar Naqvi was born in Lucknow, India in 1944. He is son of Syed Zahir Hasan Naqvi and Syeda Mohsina Zahir Naqvi. His real name is Zameer Hasan, but he is famous as "Zameer Akhtar". In 1967, He migrated to Pakistan and permanently settled in Karachi.
He studied at the Hussainabad School (matric) and Government Jubilee College, Lucknow (inter). Allama Zameer Akhtar Naqvi received his Graduate degree at the "Shia College Lucknow". Allama Syed Zameer Akhtar is an author on more than 300 books, His work confines in different fields i,e literature, culture, religion, philosophy, logics, journalism, sociology, science, oratory, language etc.
He has been a speaker on different themes of Islam for many decades. His lectures are based on such as science, philosophy, history, and computer technology, and sometimes also include more diverse subject matter including flexibility, evaluation, foretelling, future telling, contemporary issues, and current affairs.
He is the president of Mir Anees Academy, as well as the president of "Islamic Scholastic Institute". He is Editor in Chief of quarterly magazine "AL-Qalam". He is an orator of his own style and recited more than 10,000 speeches on different topics.

</doc>
<doc id="19569004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19569004" title="Leib-Olmai">
Leib-Olmai

Leib-Olmai ("alder man") is a good luck god in Sami mythology who was honoured by the Sami. He lives in the trees of Alder and gives good luck to hunters against bears, and he appears to humans in the form of a bear. In honour of Leib-Olmai, at bears feasts the hunters' faces were sprinkled with a brownish-red mixture of ground-up alder bark and water.

</doc>
<doc id="19569008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19569008" title="Saint John's Episcopal Church (Wilmington, California)">
Saint John's Episcopal Church (Wilmington, California)

Saint John's Episcopal Church is a Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument located in the Wilmington section of Los Angeles, California, near the Port of Los Angeles. Built in 1883, it is the oldest church building in the harbor area that is still used for regular worship services. It was moved to its present site in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="19569029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19569029" title="Comic LO">
Comic LO

History.
Comic LO was originally extra issues of other erotic magazines, but it became independent on December 21, 2005. On May 22, 2010, the publisher put the announcement to stop illegal uploading on its official website.

</doc>
<doc id="19569078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19569078" title="Powder Magazine (Camp Drum)">
Powder Magazine (Camp Drum)

The Powder Magazine from Camp Drum is a Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument located in the Wilmington section of Los Angeles, California, near the Port of Los Angeles. Built in 1862, the Powder Magazine is a brick and stone structure that was used to store gunpowder during the Civil War. It was originally part of Camp Drum, a facility built upon the outbreak of the American Civil War to address concerns about the loyalty and security of the Los Angeles area. Many of the area's residents were recent arrivals from the Southern states, and southerner John C. Breckenridge received twice as many local votes as Abraham Lincoln in the 1860 Presidential election. Phineas Banning, the founder of Wilmington (then known as New San Pedro), wrote to President Lincoln advising that the Union would lose California unless some provision was made to quell pro-Confederacy sentiment. Camp Drum was built between 1862 and 1863 and was the home base for the California Column, commanded by Colonel James Henry Carleton. Between 2,000 and 7,000 soldiers were stationed at Camp Drum, and Wilmington became a thriving community with a population greater than Los Angeles during the war. The Powder Magazine is one of only two surviving structures from Camp Drum, the other being the Drum Barracks, which is now operated as a Civil War museum by the City of Los Angeles. The Powder Magazine has been used for various private uses over the years, at one point having another structure built around it. When the larger structure was torn down, the Powder Magazine was re-discovered. In order to save it from demolition, it was declared a Historic-Cultural Monument (HCM #249) in August 1982. For more than two decades, it has sat on a vacant, fenced-off lot two blocks south of the Drum Barracks.

</doc>
<doc id="19569088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19569088" title="Panskura (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Panskura (Lok Sabha constituency)

Panskura (Lok Sabha constituency) was one of the 543 parliamentary constituencies in India. The constituency centred on Ghatal in West Bengal. 
Election results.
Ghatal (Lok Sabha constituency) functioned from 1951 to 1971.
Assembly segments.
Prior to delimitation Panskura Lok Sabha constituency was composed of the following assembly segments: 
As per order of the Delimitation Commission issued in 2006 in respect of the delimitation of constituencies in the West Bengal, Panskura parliamentary constituency will cease to exist; most of the assembly segments of this constituency will be part of new Ghatal (Lok Sabha constituency).

</doc>
<doc id="19569093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19569093" title="Pratima Yarlagadda">
Pratima Yarlagadda

Pratima Yarlagadda is an actress, host, model, and beauty queen. She won Miss Indiana USA (1999) and was a finalist in Miss USA (1999). She went on to make Miss Universe history placing in the top six at Miss USA, making her the first woman of East Indian descent to place in the top ten. Her accomplishments were featured in various newspapers and in such publications as "India Today" recognizing her as a forthcoming East Indian presence in the entertainment industry.
After moving to New York City Pratima signed with Ford Models. Her work has been featured in such publications as "Vogue Italia", "Cosmopolitan", "Glamour", and "Town & Country" among others.
Pratima currently resides in Los Angeles where she is represented by Ford Models and Innovative Artists. 

</doc>
<doc id="19569116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19569116" title="1962 FIFA World Cup Final">
1962 FIFA World Cup Final

The 1962 FIFA World Cup Final was the deciding match of the 1962 FIFA World Cup. It was contested by Czechoslovakia and Brazil. Brazil won the game 3-1 to record their second consecutive World Cup victory.
Santiago's Estadio Nacional served as the venue for the final itself, and after 15 minutes, Brazil again found themselves a goal behind in the World Cup final, as a long ball from Adolf Scherer was latched onto by Josef Masopust: 1–0 Czechoslovakia. However, just like the previous final four years earlier, Brazil soon hit back, equalising two minutes later through Amarildo after an error by the hitherto flawless Czechoslovak goalkeeper Schrojf. The Brazilians did not stop there and with goals from Zito and Vavá (another Schrojf error) mid-way through the second half, the Czechoslovaks just couldn't get back into the game. The match ended 3–1 to Brazil, a successful defence of the title for only the second time in the history of the competition in spite of the absence of one of their star players of 1958, Pelé.

</doc>
<doc id="19569124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19569124" title="Regional climate levels in viticulture">
Regional climate levels in viticulture

In viticulture, there are several levels of regional climates that are used to describe the "terroir" or immutable characteristics of an area. These levels can be as broad as a macroclimate which includes entire wine regions or as small as a microclimate which includes the unique environment around an individual grapevine. In the middle is the mesoclimate which usually describes the characteristics of a particular vineyard site.

</doc>
<doc id="19569129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19569129" title="Ming (album)">
Ming (album)

Ming is the third album by David Murray to be released on the Italian Black Saint label and the first to feature his Octet. It was released in 1980 and features performances by Murray, Henry Threadgill, Olu Dara, Lawrence "Butch" Morris, George Lewis, Anthony Davis, Wilbur Morris and Steve McCall.
Reception.
"The Penguin Guide to Jazz" selected this album as part of its suggested Core Collection.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 5 stars stating "His octet was always the perfect setting for tenor saxophonist David Murray, large enough to generate power but not as out of control as many of his big-band performances. Murray contributed all five originals (including "Ming" and "Dewey's Circle") and arrangements, and is in superior form on both tenor and bass clarinet. The "backup crew" is also quite notable: altoist Henry Threadgill, trumpeter Olu Dara, cornetist Butch Morris, trombonist George Lewis, pianist Anthony Davis, bassist Wilbur Morris, and drummer Steve McCall. These avant-garde performances (reissued on CD) are often rhythmic enough to reach a slightly larger audience than usual, and the individuality shown by each of these major players is quite impressive. Recommended.".

</doc>
<doc id="19569170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19569170" title="Mount Mekunnai">
Mount Mekunnai


</doc>
<doc id="19569240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19569240" title="Gary Grossman">
Gary Grossman

Gary Grossman was the primary developer of ActionScript programming language used by thousands of developers today to add interactivity to Flash content and applications. 
He currently works with Jonathan Gay and Robert Tatsumi, (creators of Adobe Flash) at Greenbox Technology Inc formerly known as Software as Art, a startup working on energy management solutions for the home.
In his previous position as a Principal Scientist at Adobe Systems, Gary was a key architect of the Flash Player, the most popular multimedia player on the Web. Gary contributed to six major releases of Flash in various capacities, including individual developer, team architect and engineering manager.

</doc>
<doc id="19569261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19569261" title="List of traction motor manufacturers">
List of traction motor manufacturers

—Traction motor manufacturers include:

</doc>
<doc id="19569282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19569282" title="Tap-Tap (disambiguation)">
Tap-Tap (disambiguation)

Tap Tap can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19569292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19569292" title="Coffee, Tea or Me?">
Coffee, Tea or Me?

Coffee, Tea or Me? is a book of alleged memoirs by the fictitious stewardesses Trudy Baker and Rachel Jones, written by the initially uncredited Donald Bain and first published in 1967. The book depicts the anecdotal lives of two lusty young stewardesses, and was originally presented as factual.
Publishing history.
Donald Bain revealed in his 2002 memoir "Every Midget Has an Uncle Sam Costume: Writing for a Living" that he wrote "Coffee, Tea or Me?" and three sequels while employed as a New York City-based American Airlines public relations person. The publisher hired two Eastern Airlines stewardesses to pose as the authors for book tours and television appearances. As "The New York Times" columnist Joe Sharkey described in 2010,
Bain himself said, "I wrote it in 1966 while working in public relations for American Airlines, and it went on to spawn an entire genre of wacky comedies, including three direct sequels. All in all, the four books sold more than five million copies worldwide, and became my annuity for almost 17 years.
The Bartholomew House Ltd., a division of Bartell Media Corporation, published a hardcover edition in October 1967, with a second printing in December, and a third in January 1968. Bantam Books, at that time a subsidiary of Grosset & Dunlap, released a paperback edition in November 1968, and had reached its tenth printing by January 1969. Bain was uncredited other than in a dedication, until the 2003 edition, in which he was credited beneath the Baker and Jones byline as "with Donald Bain."
The Penguin Group, the publisher as of the 21st century, describes the book as "adult fiction".
Style and content.
Written in the first person voice of Trudy Baker, with Bain's name appearing as a dedication between the index of chapters and the foreword, the book describes a kind of glamorous lifestyle from the stewardess' point of view, working for two years for an unnamed American carrier out of a New York crewbase during the golden age of airline travel.
It is written to emphasize the sexy parts of the job, although difficult experiences are also recounted, and reflects the shifts in society and culture then underway. It also contains content that could in later decades be deemed sexist, and dated descriptions of homosexuality; chapter X is entitled "They Looked So Normal". In chapter XIV, the attendants list one of the types of passengers that could be denied boarding rights - "most recently, men wearing earrings." Illustrations by men's- magazine cartoonist Bill Wenzel depict the flight attendants and female passengers as buxom sexpots.
The book contains period references to television shows such as "Batman" and lists of celebrities the authors claim to have carried on their flights, as well as an incidental description of the airline introducing Boeing 727 service. Other equipment mentioned includes the Boeing 707 and the smaller BAC 111. People's names are fictitious, excepting the famous, and there is no way to gauge the accuracy of any of the accounts.
The two most likely candidates for which airline the stewardesses supposedly worked for are American Airlines and Braniff International Airways, the only carriers who purchased BAC-111s to supplement fleets of Boeing 707s and 727s in the mid-1960s time frame of the novel. Mohawk Airlines, a northeast regional line, ordered four BAC-111s but never operated the larger Boeings in its fleet, nor did its regions of service match those described in the book.
Sequels and spinoffs.
Capitalizing on the success of the publication, Bain wrote three sequels: "The Coffee Tea or Me Girls' Round-the-World Diary" (1969), "The Coffee Tea or Me Girls Lay It on the Line" (1972) and "The Coffee Tea or Me Girls Get Away from It All" (1974). A TV film of the same title, loosely based on "Coffee, Tea or Me?" was made in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="19569295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19569295" title="Lakers Public School">
Lakers Public School

Lakers Public School & Collage, commonly known as LPS, is a private school located in Kathaltoli, Rangamati, Bangladesh. It is managed by the Bangladesh Army Rangamati Cantonment, Rangamati. The school was established in 1991. It targets pupils from the Bangladesh armed forces and civilian communities in Rangamati city, especially those living in the Rangamati area and its periphery. A substantial proportion of its students are from civilian backgrounds.
The lack of educational services in the English medium for defence officers was a prominent reason the school was established.
History.
LPS started its functions in hired accommodation at Kalindipur under the principleship of Begum Rukhshana Amin, with 60 students and 7 teachers. The local government council in Rangamati allotted of "khash" land at Kathaltali on which the ground floor of the present school building was constructed and started with 7 classes from NSY to Std V from 1 September 1995.
Curriculum.
National Section.
For the national curriculum the students take the Secondary School Certificate SSC examinations. The students follow the textbooks, translated in English, of the National Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education in Bangladesh.
Uniform.
Boys wear white shirts with navy blue trousers, elementary boys wear shorts instead.
Girls wear white salwar kameez and blue kamiz.
Facilities.
Library.
Students spend their Library classes and free periods in the school library, located on the fifth and topmost floor. The library contains textbooks, novels, references, encyclopedias and Army periodicals. It maintains an archive of English daily newspapers. Students, from Class Five onwards, may borrow books from the library.

</doc>
<doc id="19569299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19569299" title="BK Palem">
BK Palem

BK Palem (Bhallukhanudu vari palem) is located near to Ponnur in Guntur district of Andhra Pradesh, India.. It's a blend of different cultures. Though the village does not have good schools, it has produced many graduates. BK Palem village has produced several influential personalities. (including software engineers, business magnates, politicians). The present population of the village is nearly 1500. Main crops grown in the village are paddy, cotton, red chillies.
Geographical statistics.
Name of the Village: B.K.Palem
Mandal: Kakumanu
Area of the Village: 100
Total Population: 3000
Cultivated Land: 1000
Major Crops: Paddy
Government facilities and schemes.
Panchayat Office: 1 
Library: 1
Radio Room: 1 
Panchayat Staff: 3 
Post Office: 1 
Banks: 0 
Ration Shops: 1 
White Card Holders: 500 
Pink Card Holders: 200 
Raithu Mithra Groups: 15 
Anganvadi Centres: 12
Nirantara Vidya Kendralu: 0 
Drainage Facilities: 0
Burial Ground: 0
Temples & churches.
Ramalayam, 
Brahmagiri gudi,
Poleramma gudi,
Vinayaka temple
Churches 3,
Nagendra swamy gudi
Electricity facilities.
Street Light Boxes.0 Mercury Lights.3 Tube Lights.180
Education facilities.
Primary Schools.1 
High Schools.0 
Elementary Schools.1
Irrigation Water Resources for Cultivation 0
Pesticides Shops 2
Women's welfare.
Mahila Mandals Dwakra Groups 0 22

</doc>
<doc id="19569349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19569349" title="Artur Vieregg">
Artur Vieregg

Artur Vieregg was a German figure skater. After his skating career he continued to work also as a figure skating judge. He was lecturer at the “German College for Physical Exercises” (Deutsche Hochschule für Leibesübungen) in Berlin.
He is author of the book “The Skater” (Der Eisläufer).

</doc>
<doc id="19569381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19569381" title="Cowboy from Brooklyn">
Cowboy from Brooklyn

Cowboy from Brooklyn is a 1938 American musical comedy film starring Pat O'Brien, Dick Powell, Priscilla Lane, Ann Sheridan and the future US President Ronald Reagan.
Plot.
Singer Elly Jordan, a Brooklyn man who is terrified of animals, ends up broke along with his two musical partners at Hardy's Dude Ranch in Two Bits, Wyoming. The Hardys, Ma and Pop, daughter Jane and son Jeff, hire the men to play for the dudes. Sam Thorne, Jane's self-appointed boyfriend, ranch cowhand and amateur crooner, is jealous of Jane's interest in Elly. Elly is so successful as a cowboy singer, that when theatrical agent Ray Chadwick arrives at the ranch on a vacation and hears him, he signs Elly immediately. Chadwick thinks that Elly is a real cowboy and Jane coaches him to talk like one. In spite of his fear of animals, he gets away with the deception. He makes a successful screen test as a cowboy, using the name Wyoming Steve Gibson, but he and Chadwick, who now knows the truth, fear that the deception will be revealed when the movie people arrive in New York from Hollywood with Elly's contract.
Meanwhile, Jane and some of the ranch people are traveling East as well so Sam can sing on Captain Rose's Amateur Hour in New York. Jane tells Sam that she is in love with Elly and Sam is so angry that when he isn't a big success on the show, he blurts out the truth about Elly's background. To prove that Elly is on the level, Chadwick and his assistant Pat Dunn suggest that he compete in a rodeo. They take Elly to Professor Landis, who hypnotizes him. Under hypnosis, Elly leaps on a horse, rides to Madison Square Garden, enters the bulldogging contest and sets a new record. He sneezes and wakes from the hypnosis, but the movie people are convinced that he is a real cowboy. He signs the contract and kisses Jane to seal the deal.

</doc>
<doc id="19569402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19569402" title="Verticordia spicata">
Verticordia spicata

Verticordia spicata is a species of flowering plant in the Myrtaceae family. It is a bushy shrub, with white to pink flowers, that occurs in Southwest Australia. The informal name is the Spiked Featherflower.
The habit of this shrub is upright to spreading, 30 centimetres to 1 metre tall (occasionally 2 metres). The species does not possess a lignotuber and has one basal stem. The leaves are ovate, densely arranged, and closely clasp the stem, the margins are narrow, translucent and slightly hairy. The spike-like arrangement of flowers are crowded at the upper part of the branching stems. The sepals are initially white or pale pink, becoming a deep mauve before fading as they age, and deeply divided into 6 - 7 fringed lobes. The pink petals also become deeper in colour, giving a two tone effect as the flowers open, darken and then fade.
The species occurs in the northern Avon Wheatbelt and Geraldton Sandplains, extending north to the Kalbarri National Park.
The first description of the species was by Ferdinand von Mueller in 1859.
A revision of the genus "Verticordia" by "Alex George" (1991) placed this species in a section 
"Verticordia" sect. "Verticordella" of the subgenus "Verticordia" subg. "Eperephes". George's description of a subspecies "Verticordia spicata" subsp. "squamosa" prodeced the autonym "Verticordia spicata" subsp. spicata. The subspecies is found in small range between Three Springs and Morawa, and is on the Declared Rare and Priority Flora List of the state's Department of Environment and Conservation.

</doc>
<doc id="19569415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19569415" title="Nate Bennett">
Nate Bennett

Nathan Bennett (born January 19, 1984 in Dallas, Georgia) is an American football guard who is currently a free agent, and formerly of the Hartford Colonials of the United Football League. He was signed by the Cleveland Browns as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Clemson.
Bennett has also been a member of the Baltimore Ravens, Atlanta Falcons and New Orleans Saints.

</doc>
<doc id="19569416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19569416" title="P. C. Gupta">
P. C. Gupta

Prakash Chandra Gupta (1908–1970) was a professor of English and a prolific writer both in Hindi and English.
Early years and education.
Gupta was born in Bhakkar, Punjab, India on 16 March 1908. After his initial years of rural education, regular schooling began in 1921. He was a scholarly boy with interests in cricket, photography and drama. He was a voracious reader of Hugo, Conan Doyle, Premchand, and Sharat Chandra. One of his classmates was A. B. Lal, who later served as a professor of Political Science at Allahabad University and finally the Vice Chancellor of the university.
Gupta finished high school in Grade A in 1925 and successfully completed the Intermediate Exam in 1927, ranking first among all students. He passed his pre exams in Sanskrit from Banaras Hindu University in 1926. His days in Banaras were spent under the guidance of Madan Mohan Malviya and with fellow students such as Ram Manohar Lohia, Rudra Dutt Bharadwaj, Janardan Jha, and Brij Lal.
He graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in 1929. He achieved first class and ranked second among all students in Allahabad University, the Oxford of India. He spent his days among many brilliant students and teachers including Dr. Amarnath Jha, Professor A. B. Lal, Professor R. N. Deb, Sri Aditya Nath Jha (Later Governor of Delhi), Harivansh Rai Bachchan, and Mahadevi Verma, who later became literary colleagues.
Under intense pressure from his father, Gupta appeared for Civil Services Exams and passed them but chose the fields of education and literature as his career instead. It was during this time that his first sketch, "Headlights", was published in the Allahabad University magazine.
Teaching career.
His first stint teaching English Literature was at St. John's College, Agra from 1931 to 1941. Here he taught literary greats like Dr. Narendra, Dr. Nemi Chandra Jain, and Bharat Bhushan. For a short period Gupta was co-editor of "Sahityik Sandesh" ("Literary Message"). During his tenure he regularly wrote articles, primarily literary criticisms, for this magazine. Some of these articles were broadcast on Delhi All India Radio.
He joined Allahabad University in 1941 and continued there until he retired in 1970. During this time, he was promoted to Professor of English Literature, and he retired as the head of the Department of English, Allahabad University. Gupta flourished in this period, producing much creative writing in English and in Hindi. He was involved in writers' groups and associations such as the Progressive Writers Group, IPTA, The Levelers Club, and Parimal.
Family.
His first wife, Rameshwari Goyal, had a masters degree in English and was proficient in music and poetry. Her book in Hindi, "Jeevan Ka Sapna" ("Dream of Life") was published posthumously in 1937. She died in childbirth in 1935. Gupta married Sarla Goyal, the younger sister of Rameshwari, in 1939. Sarla was an active independence worker during her early years and a founding member of the National Federation of Indian Women. She was a member of the Indian Delegation to the first International Women's Conference in Copenhagen and Moscow (1953).
Gupta's daughter, Dr. Vibha Gupta, is an eminent and now retired professor of Hindi from Delhi University. She has embarked on the task of re-publishing the entire works of Gupta and compiled his unpublished works to ready them for publication as a tribute in his cenetenary year of 2008.
Literary works.
Writing in both Hindi and English and dabbling in creative and critical articles, Gupta published recollections, remembrances, short stories, and travel memoirs. Although he experimented with writing short stories, poetry, and plays, his forte remained sketches and literary criticism. He excelled in translation and his initial foray was in translation from English to Hindi – for example the works of Gorky and other Russian sketches and stories. During the latter part of his career, he translated Hindi articles and poetry to English with main emphasis being on the works of Premchand. His works regularly appeared in publications like "Sahitya Sandesh", "Hans", "Naya Sahitya", "Naya Path", "Jyotsna", "Rashtra Bhartiya", "Vishwa Bhartiya", "Calcutta Review", and "Hindi Review".
He was a pioneer, setting the trend of writing sketches in Hindi.
Other accomplishments.
In 1954 he traveled to the USSR as a member of the teaching delegation touring Russian universities. In 1964 he did a radio broadcast on All India Radio, Allahabad, covering the ashes immersion of Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru, the first Prime Minister of India.

</doc>
<doc id="19569437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19569437" title="Darren Liddel">
Darren Liddel

 
 
Darren Liddel (born May 6, 1971) was a weightlifting competitor for New Zealand. 
At the 1998 Commonwealth Games in Kuala Lumpur he won 3 gold medals in weightlifting, a gold medal in each of the men's 108+ kg clean and jerk, snatch, and combined total. He also competed at the 1994 Commonwealth Games in Victoria where he placed 5th in the men's 108+ kg.
On his return home from the 1998 Commonwealth Games he received a hero's welcome in Te Atatu. At the time he said: "Little did I know three weeks ago that I would be returning home to this kind of welcome. I’m speechless".
After the 1998 Commonwealth Games he was troubled by a worsening wrist injury, and within 2 years he had stopped weightlifting.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19569492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19569492" title="Jimmy Neighbour">
Jimmy Neighbour

James Edward "Jimmy" Neighbour (15 November 1950 – 11 April 2009) was a professional footballer who played for Tottenham Hotspur, Norwich City, West Ham United and the Seattle Sounders.
Football career.
Neighbour joined Spurs as an apprentice in November 1968. He made his senior debut against Stoke City at White Hart Lane in October 1970. A traditional right winger who had the ability to beat defenders, he played on 156 occasions including 22 as substitute and scoring 11 goals in all competitions between 1970–76. The highlight of Neighbour's career at the club was the winning of a League Cup medal in 1971 Football League Cup Final. He transferred to Norwich City in September 1976 for a £75,000 fee and went on to play 106 matches including two as sub and netting five goals for the Carrow Road club between 1976–1979. West Ham United paid £150,000 for his services in September 1979, where he featured in 97 games in all competitions, scoring six times. Neighbour was involved in a loan deal which took him to Bournemouth in January 1983, where he played a further six matches. At the end of the 1984-85 season, he played two games for Isthmian League side Cheshunt, but declined to appear for them the following season.
Management and coaching career.
After retiring from competitive football, Neighbour joined Enfield as coach under manager Eddie McCluskey, which culminated in the club winning the FA Trophy in 1988. He moved on to West Ham United to become their Youth Development Officer, before acting as Doncaster Rovers assistant manager. Neighbour spent a further two years as manager of St Albans City. He later became a coach of the Tottenham Hotspur's Under 17s team at the Spurs Academy.
Death.
Jimmy Neighbour died on Saturday 11 April 2009 from a heart attack whilst at home in Woodford Green, London. He had been recovering at home after a hip replacement operation.
Honours.
Tottenham Hotspur

</doc>
<doc id="19569517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19569517" title="Street Cred Magazine">
Street Cred Magazine

Street Cred Magazine is a multi-cultural urban entertainment and lifestyle magazine based in England's second largest city, Birmingham. It was founded in 1997 by Mark Dwayne, who at the time was a young singer/songwriter looking to promote himself in the UK. He took the idea of promoting himself using print marketing to a higher level by introducing a product that also helped to market local talent. The magazine grew from a one page supplement in the Community Enterprise Newspaper to a 100 page glossy title within a few years. Its demographic targets 16-30 year olds interested in the music, fashion and entertainment lifestyle. Now running for 14 years, it has over 400,000 monthly readers in the UK and is available free of charge to a worldwide audience online at streetcredmagazine.com.
Street Cred sections of content include Celebrity Interviews, music reviews, live events, feature articles, fashion, sports, gadgets and self-help topics.
Street Cred Magazine has spawned other types of media and entertainment events, the first of which is a radio program called "Street Cred Live" that began in December 2007 and aired seven days a week on ASTON FM 89.1. It was based on the Aston Villa football ground in the West Midlands. The station reaches 140,000 listeners a day. 
In February 2008, "Funkalicious" a monthly club event was launched, held on the last Friday of every month.
Also in 2008 the magazine founded its own record label "Street Cred Records" accompanied by artist management and booking support.
EMMA humanitarian award.
In 1998 Street Cred Magazine won an EMMA Humanitarian Award in the category of "Best Media Newcomer" at the Dorchester Hotel in London’s West End. 
In the company of the likes of novelist and former MP Lord Jeffrey Archer, Darcus Howe of Channel 4’s Devil’s Advocate and Body Shop founder, Anita Roddick, Street Cred Co-ordinator, Mark Dwayne received the crystal cut glass trophy as the best media newcomer in its field in Britain. 

</doc>
<doc id="19569523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19569523" title="SS Stanwood">
SS Stanwood

SS "Stanwood" was a British collier that was sunk off Falmouth in December 1939 after her cargo of coal caught fire.
Ship history.
The ship was built in 1915 by the "Reiherstieg Schiffswerfte & Maschinenfabrik" shipyard in Hamburg, Germany, as the Itajahy on behalf of the "Hamburg-Sudamerikanische Dampfschiffahrts-Gesellschaft" ("Hamburg-South America Line"), but was requisitioned by the German Navy. In 1919 she was handed over to the UK as war reparations. She was owned by Elder Dempster & Company until 1921, when she was sold to R.P. Houston & Company, and renamed Hesione. In 1937 she was sold to the Stanhope Steamship Company and renamed Stanwood.
On 10 December 1939 the "Stanwood"s cargo of coal caught fire. The ship was scuttled in of water in Carrick Roads in order to extinguish the fire, with intention of then raising her. Unfortunately she slipped into deeper waters, and the crew abandoned her with the loss of one man. Attempts to refloat her were unsuccessful although her cargo was recovered. Deemed a hazard to shipping the wreck was later broken up with explosives.
The wreck remains popular with divers, though permission must first be obtained from the harbour master.

</doc>
<doc id="19569524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19569524" title="What Good Am I Without You">
What Good Am I Without You

"What Good Am I Without You" is a Motown duet between singers Marvin Gaye and Kim Weston. The song was released as a single in late 1964 and became the first duet Marvin and Kim recorded, a couple of years before the duo recorded the breakthrough hit, "It Takes Two". The song came after the departure of Mary Wells, who had left Motown that year shortly after releasing a successful duet album with Gaye. The single was featured on Gaye and Weston's only LP together, "Take Two" and peaked at number 61 on the Billboard Hot 100 (and number 28 on the Cashbox R&B chart) when it was released. The single was co-written and produced by William "Mickey" Stevenson.

</doc>
<doc id="19569531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19569531" title="Punch-Out!! (Wii)">
Punch-Out!! (Wii)

Punch-Out!! is a boxing video game developed by Next Level Games for the Wii and is the fifth main game in Nintendo's "Punch-Out!!" series following the SNES version of "Super Punch-Out!!". Following an early release at the Nintendo World Store in New York City on May 16, 2009, the game was released on May 18, 2009 in North America, May 22, 2009 in Europe, July 23, 2009 in Japan and August 27, 2009 in Australia (exclusively at JB Hi-Fi stores). An additional WiiWare title, "Doc Louis's Punch-Out!!", was released exclusively for North American Club Nintendo members on October 27, 2009.
Gameplay.
"Punch-Out!!" features a boxer named Little Mac working his way up the professional boxing circuits, facing a series of colorful, fictional boxers. The game requires reflexes in reaction to the computer-controlled boxers' moves. Aside from a few new opponents, every other opponent is from a previous "Punch-Out!!" game. New opponents feature Disco Kid, Giga Mac and Donkey Kong, while the classic boxers are ten of the eleven boxers from the original game, as well as two from "Super Punch-Out!!". The game allows three different control schemes. The Wii Remote and Nunchuk can be used together, a Wii Balance Board can be used along with Wii Remote and Nunchuk to duck or dodge, or the Wii Remote can be used by itself and held sideways in a traditional two-button control scheme.
In each stage, players must rely on quick reactions and identify various tells from their opponent in order to dodge or block their attacks, before returning with attacks to either the torso or the head with the left and right fists. Hitting certain weak points at the correct time, for example; when an opponent grins, earns stars, with the player able to store up to three stars, losing them if they are hit. When the player has one or more stars, they can perform a Star Punch which deals extra damage. Each fighter has a stamina gauge which must be depleted in order to knock an opponent down, with the player able to recover their stamina whilst their opponent is down. Additionally, the player has a heart counter that decreases if they are hit, or if their attacks are blocked. If it reaches zero, the player will be unable to attack and be vulnerable until they can successfully dodge an attack. The player wins a match by either successfully KO'ing their opponent (either by a ten count or simply because they are unable to recover), earning a T.K.O. by knocking them down three times in a single round, or winning by decision after three rounds have passed. If the player is hit by a knockout punch, it is possible to recover and regain stamina.
The single player campaign sees the player progress through three main modes; Career, Title Defense, and Last Stand. Career sees Little Mac climb the ranks of the World Video Boxing Association by proceeding through the Minor, Major, and World Circuits. Title Defense is a more challenging mode that sees Mac defend his championship belt against other fighters, who use new techniques and ways to protect their weakness (such as King Hippo protecting his stomach with a manhole cover). Finally, Last Stand is an endurance mode in which Mac faces off against random opponents with a high heart meter and a stamina bar that does not regenerate. Once Mac loses three times, he will retire and the Career mode will become disabled, requiring players to start from scratch on a new file. Exhibition allows players to fight against opponents they have previously fought in Career and Title Defense, where they can try and complete unique achievements, or practise against a holographic clone of their current opponent. If the player manages to win against ten fighters during Last Stand, an additional Champions Mode option is unlocked, in which a single hit will knock Mac down. 
New to the series is a split-screen multiplayer mode between Little Mac and a recolored clone. When one of the players has gathered enough power by repeatedly dodging all moves unscathed, he can transform into "Giga Mac" and the game moves into its single-player view, as Little Mac tries to overcome the bigger and more powerful Giga Mac.
"Doc Louis's Punch-Out!!".
"Doc Louis's Punch-Out!!" is a standalone spin-off title, which was released on WiiWare as a Platinum reward for Club Nintendo members in North America on October 27, 2009. The game, which takes place prior to the main game, sees Little Mac sparring with his coach, Doc Louis, through three progressively difficult matches, which are each cleared by knocking him down once. This title is not compatible with the Wii Balance Board.
Development.
The game was revealed in 2008 at the Nintendo Media Summit, where a fifteen second trailer was shown. It was later announced that it was being developed by Next Level Games, which had partnered with Nintendo on games such as "Super Mario Strikers". Nintendo wished to make a new iteration similar to the original "Punch-Out!!" for the NES, so they asked the studio to design the gameplay to be exactly like it and the characters to look like the original games. This led to the studio designing the game with classic NES-style controls by using the Wii Remote turned sideways. Pre-production started when the Wii was released. At the time, Nintendo was discussing the idea with the studio. Soon after that, the studio created a prototype of the game.
In an interview, the game's producer, Kensuke Tanabe, described the development as a collaborative effort between the people of Next Level Games and the people from Nintendo of Japan. As an example of this, Tanabe said that the roster of opponents that are in the game were chosen by people of both studios, Next Level wanting to include more NES characters. When asked about the challenges of bringing an old franchise to the current generation, the game's gameplay lead, Bryce Holiday, said that the most difficult thing to figure out was how to design the gameplay and where to locate the camera. The game has a cel shaded graphical style, which was a decision of Next Level. Both of the developers wanted to design the graphics in a way that would be immediately identifiable to any person who catches a glimpse of the game. They also wanted to invoke the style of the previous iterations while at the same time creating some new visuals. Holiday called the style "the logical choice". 
The inclusion of Donkey Kong was a suggestion from an employee of Nintendo of America, and Tanabe also wished to include Princess Peach, but that idea was abandoned because of the issue of violence towards women. The reason that there were not many Nintendo characters in the game is because the studio wanted to solidify the game's universe. The Title Defense mode was designed to make the game more of a standalone game and not just a nostalgia title, and also to make the game's length longer. The developers liked this since it added more personality to the characters. The studio adjusted the difficulty level in order to make the game easier to pick up and play. The game's 2 player mechanic was difficult task to create, according to Tanabe, because the series didn't have a template to base it on. 
There were various additions to the game that were cut from the final product. One of these was online multiplayer, while another feature was the ability to move around the ring in a 3D environment. This idea was scrapped so that the game would have the same feel as the older games in the series. Other features include character customization, other RPG elements, and mini-games.
Reception.
The game received generally positive reviews, averaging an 86/100 and an 87.29% at Metacritic and Game Rankings respectively. "Nintendo Power's" Chris Slate scored the game an 8.5/10 in the magazine's June 2009 issue, praising its similarity to the NES title of the same name. Slate stated "The folks at Next Level Games have created an amazing title that has made the 15 years since "Super Punch-Out!!" quite worthwhile." However, he said that the new additions didn't affect the game. "Game Informer" gave "Punch-Out!!" a 9.0/10. "IGN"'s Craig Harris gave this game an 8.8/10, citing its nostalgic gameplay. Sumantra Lahiri of The Escapist also praised its nostalgic value, but suggested that the stereotypes exhibited by the characters that seemed harmless in the 1980s version had not aged well when early 21st century attitudes towards cultural and racial sensitivity were taken into account.

</doc>
<doc id="19569559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19569559" title="Neurootological and Equilibriometric Society">
Neurootological and Equilibriometric Society

The Neurootological and Equilibriometric Society is a learned society that was founded in 1974 and has its seat in Bad Kissingen (Germany).
Foundation.
The society was founded on May 25, 1974, by an assembly of physicians, medical technologists, and engineers interested in neurootology. Since then, the president has been Claus-Frenz Claussen (University of Wurzburg). From the beginning, multilingual communication was established to facilitate the exchange of views as much as possible. English, French, German, and Spanish were listed in the statutes as official languages.
Aims.
The association's aim has been to foster clinical neurootology in terms of practice and research, by means of
Goals.
Among the goals of the society are not only the evaluation of basic and clinical research but also the promotion of clinical neurootology including its four main fields equilibriometry, audiometry, olfactometry, and gustometry as well as the training of interested doctors and medical assistance personnel.
Training.
Since its foundation, the society has held annual congresses for further training, alternately in Bad Kissingen and other countries.
Publications.
The "Neurootology Newsletter" as well as the proceedings of the society are used to exchange scientific knowledge within the association. In addition, the society publishes the "International Tinnitus Journal".
Honours.
Since 1980, the association has honoured experienced neurootologists who have made an essential contribution to neurootology in research and clinical practice. The scientists who are to be honoured are determined two years in advance by the Members' Assembly during the congresses taking place in Bad Kissingen.

</doc>
<doc id="19569564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19569564" title="Surt (volcano)">
Surt (volcano)

Surt is an active volcano on Jupiter's moon Io. It is located on Io's Jupiter-facing hemisphere at . Surt consists of an oblong volcanic pit (known as a "patera"), in diameter, surrounded by reddish sulfur and bright sulfur dioxide deposits to its south and east. The volcano was first observed in images acquired by the "Voyager 1" spacecraft in March 1979. Later that year, the International Astronomical Union named this feature after Surtr, a leader of the fire giants of Norse mythology.
Several eruptions have been observed at Surt since it was discovered by "Voyager 1". The first eruption observed by Earth-based astronomers following the discovery of Ionian volcanism took place at Surt on June 11, 1979, between the "Voyager 1" and "Voyager 2" flybys. When "Voyager 2" encountered the Jupiter system in July 1979, the eruption appeared to have ceased, but a fresh, -wide plume deposit was observed surrounding Surt. This plume deposit was suggestive of an active Pele-type plume at Surt between the two Voyager encounters. In addition, dark material, thought to be lava erupted during the eruption, was visible within the eastern half of the patera. When the "Galileo" spacecraft first took images of the area in 1996, the appearance of Surt and the surrounding terrain had reverted to its appearance as seen by "Voyager 1", again suggestive of a short-lived eruption.
Surt erupted again on February 22, 2001 in the most powerful volcanic eruption ever observed, in terms of the amount of power (in watts) output by the eruption. The total power output observed at Surt (7.2–8.4 W) during this eruption nearly matches the average total power output for all of Io's volcanoes. Despite such a violent eruption, few surface changes were observed in conjunction with the eruption in images acquired by "Galileo" six months later, suggesting that any changes had largely faded. Fresh, sulfur-rich, reddish deposits were seen in images acquired by Galileo in August 2001 to the northeast of Surt.

</doc>
<doc id="19569568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19569568" title="Norddeutscher Regatta Verein">
Norddeutscher Regatta Verein

Norddeutscher Regatta Verein (NRV), roughly meaning "North German Regatta Club", is one of the oldest and most prestigious yacht clubs in Germany. This club is located in Hamburg and is one of the organizers of the Kiel Week together with the Yacht Club of Kiel, the Verein Seglerhaus am Wannsee and the Hamburger Sailing Club. Taking place in the Bay of Kiel, this annual event is one of the largest and most prestigious sailing regattas in the world. The NRV also assists the Yacht Club of Lübeck in the organization of the Travemünder Woche.
History.
The Norddeutscher Regatta Verein was established in 1868. Since that year it has taken part in many international yacht racing competitions.
In 2003 Norddeutscher Regatta Verein initiated a transatlantic regatta known as DaimlerChrysler North Atlantic Challenge (DCNAC) together with the New York Yacht Club. This event was staged to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the Hamburgischen Verein Seefahrt (HVS). 
In 2007 Norddeutscher Regatta Verein organized another transatlantic regatta, the HSH Nordbank blue race from Newport, Rhode Island to Cuxhaven.
This yacht club is one of the main members of the International Council of Yacht Clubs, which was established in 2006.
With over 1918 members in 2007, the Norddeutscher Regatta Verein is the largest sailing club in Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="19569574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19569574" title="Jesus Varela">
Jesus Varela

Jesus Y. Varela is a Filipino prelate of the Catholic Church. He became the Bishop Emeritus of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Sorsogon on his retirement on April 16, 2003. He was appointed bishop of Sorsogon on November 27, 1980 Prior to that he served as the first ever sitting Bishop of then Diocese of Ozamis. He also served as the Auxiliary Bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Zamboanga and titular Bishop of Tatilti.
Life.
He was born on December 18, 1927, in Bacolod City, the son of Vicente Varela, a judge from Bago City within the same province of Negros Occidental. He is a direct descendant of Gregorio Varela, a Spaniard who was one of Bago City's founding fathers, and through Gregorio's wife Josefa Araneta he is a distant relative to the revolutionary Juan Araneta.
Varela attended the Colegio Del Sagrado Corazon in Iloilo City for kindergarten, and the Iloilo Normal School for half of his elementary years. When his father was appointed a provincial judge in Surigao, he transferred to the Surigao Elementary School. The family later moved to Sorsogon when his father was reassigned. He studied at the Sorsogon National High School between 1946 and 1949, after which he studied for three years at the Our Lady of Peñafrancia Minor Seminary. Later, he also studied in the University of Santo Tomas in Manila, earning a Ph.L. degree in 1952. Between 1958 and 1961 he completed coursework at the University of the Angelicum in Rome.
Varela was ordained on March 17, 1956 in Cebu City, where his father last served as a Provincial Judge. He joined the Society of Jesus, following in the footsteps of his older brother Mariano, who was a Jesuit priest. Later on his two younger sisters and one of his cousins became nuns. The latest in the family to join the religious service is his nephew Richard Varela of the Salesian Order.
In addition to his service as a bishop, Varela was involved in broadcasting. In 1972, he served as the Vice President of UNDA, a Catholic radio and television organization, and in 1974 he became its president. He was also President of the Philippine Federation of Catholic Broadcasters, and used this position to criticize President Ferdinand Marcos, at a time when all media were censored or under the direct control of the government.
He also serves as Chairman of the Episcopal Commission on Family and Life, of the Catholic Bishops' Conference of the Philippines, and is a member of its permanent council (to which all Filipino Roman Catholic bishops belong).

</doc>
<doc id="19569597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19569597" title="Una parte di me (Nek album)">
Una parte di me (Nek album)

Una parte di me is the eighth studio album by Italian singer-songwriter Nek. It was released in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19569617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19569617" title="Sreerampur (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Sreerampur (Lok Sabha constituency)

Serampore (Lok Sabha constituency) is one of the 543 parliamentary constituencies in India. The constituency centres on Serampore in West Bengal. While five assembly segments of No. 27 Serampore (Lok Sabha constituency) are in Hooghly district two are in Howrah district. 
Assembly segments.
As per order of the Delimitation Commission issued in 2006 in respect of the delimitation of constituencies in the West Bengal, parliamentary constituency no. 27 Sreerampur is composed of the following segments:
Prior to delimitation Serampore Lok Sabha constituency was composed of the following assembly segments:
Results prior to 2009.
Results of elections held prior to 2009 are summarised below:

</doc>
<doc id="19569619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19569619" title="Joseph Fitzgerald">
Joseph Fitzgerald

Joseph Fitzgerald may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19569623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19569623" title="Minthorn Hall">
Minthorn Hall

Minthorn Hall is an academic building on the campus of George Fox University in Newberg, Oregon, United States. Built in 1887, the hall was moved ten blocks to its current location in 1892. The three-story frame building is the oldest building on the campus of the school, and was the first building of the Quaker school. Future President Herbert Hoover may have briefly lived in the structure prior to its conversion to a school building. The hall was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 13, 1997.
History.
In 1887, construction began on a dormitory and gym for boys in Newberg for the Friends Pacific Academy, which became Pacific College in 1891. The then two-story building was completed that year and Herbert Hoover is believed to have then lived there for a few months into 1888. In 1892, the structure was moved ten blocks to its current location on the campus of what is now George Fox University by a house mover named Mr. Clark. After the move a third floor was added with the addition of a daylight basement, and the entire hall was then used as a dormitory for women.
In 1939, known then as Kanyon Hall, it was renovated under the guidance of Donald W. Edmundson, Harlan Jones, and Laurence Skene. In 1962, the residence hall was converted into classroom space in a renovation led by Donald H. Lindren. In 1992, the school restored the upper floor with lighting and woodwork reminiscent of the original 1887 structure, and the following year the Spring Break Quake knocked the chimney over and knocked plaster off the walls. Now Minthorn Hall was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 13, 1997.
The hall is named for Henry John and Laura Minthorn, early supporters of the college and Hoover's aunt and uncle. The family home, Hoover-Minthorn House, is also on the NRHP. Offices for faculty and a student center were added in 2004 to the oldest building on campus. In 2008, four students hung a cardboard cutout of Barack Obama in the tree outside the hall. The hanging of the then Democratic Party Presidential nominee's effigy led to the suspension of the students and other sanctions.
Architecture.
The Colonial Revival style structure has two above-ground floors and a daylight basement for a total of three floors. Minthorn Hall’s foundation is composed of bricks, with a coating of stucco on the exterior. The building is a wood-frame structure built with rough-hewn lumber and with cedar shake siding. Composition shingles are used on the roof.

</doc>
<doc id="19569653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19569653" title="Molly &amp; the Heymakers">
Molly &amp; the Heymakers

Molly & the Heymakers was an American country music group formed in 1990. The band consisted of Martha "Molly" Scheer (lead vocals, fiddle, mandolin, rhythm guitar), Andy Dee (lead guitar), Jeff Nelson (bass guitar), Joe Lindzius (drums) and Chad "C.J." Udeen (steel guitar). Their highest charting single, "Chasin' Something Called Love," peaked at No. 50 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart in 1991; it was included on their self-titled debut album, issued in 1992 on Reprise Records. Molly's current touring group is called Molly and the Danger Band and features no original members from Molly & the Heymakers, due to lineup changes.
Transition to new sound.
In 1998, Molly Scheer and Andy Dee, along with Rick Berger (bass guitar) and Scott Tate (drums), released an album of harder-edged material under the moniker known as "Molly & the Makers." The music on this album featured a mixture of styles including Alt.country, Cowpunk, Country, folk rock, Rock and Roll, Alternative rock, rock, power pop, punk rock, Garage punk, indie rock and indie pop. The album received mixed reviews around the world, partly due to its heavier sound, which alienated some fans of traditional country music. Scheer noted in the liner notes that the effort was a "departure from our 'Heymaker' style;" the music was less country than previous releases.
Current projects.
Molly performs in the U.S. and throughout Europe both as a solo artist with her active group Molly and the Danger Band. She performs as a solo artist under several different names, including Molly Otis, Molly Scheer, Molly Stoddard.
Molly opens The Pavilion in Hayward, Wisconsin.
In 2000, Molly opened an eclectic club/restaurant/retail store/guest inn called The Pavilion in Hayward, Wisconsin. The Pavilion includes a state-of-the-art live music venue, an art marketplace, a lavish hotel and a restaurant featuring fine wines and beers. When she is not touring, Molly performs concerts at the Pavilion, showcasing sets of solo material and songs from her careers with Molly & The Heymakers, Molly & The Makers and Molly and the Danger Band. Tourists travel from around the world to stay at The Pavilion guest inn, meet Molly and hear her music performances.
Molly vs. City of Hayward Court Case.
In 2012, Molly won $400,000 in compensatory damages from a legal case involving the City of Hayward Council members who passed what was later determined to be an unconstitutional music ordinance. Molly sought compensatory damages in her claim to seek justice for lost business income, stigma, loss of reputation and emotional distress resulting from the actions of the corrupt city council members.

</doc>
<doc id="19569663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19569663" title="Songs of Praise (disambiguation)">
Songs of Praise (disambiguation)

Songs of Praise is a BBC television programme.
Songs of Praise may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19569675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19569675" title="Tamluk (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Tamluk (Lok Sabha constituency)

Tamluk (Lok Sabha constituency) is one of the 543 parliamentary constituencies in India. The constituency centres on Tamluk in West Bengal. All the seven segments of No. 30 Tamluk (Lok Sabha constituency) are in Purba Medinipur district. 
Assembly segments.
As per order of the Delimitation Commission issued in 2006 in respect of the delimitation of constituencies in the West Bengal, parliamentary constituency no. 30 Tamluk is composed of the following segments:
Prior to delimitation Tamluk Lok Sabha constituency was composed of the following assembly segments:
Results prior to 2009.
Results of elections held prior to 2009 are summarised below:

</doc>
<doc id="19569679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19569679" title="ASECNA">
ASECNA

The Agency for Aerial Navigation Safety in Africa and Madagascar ("L'Agence pour la Sécurité de la Navigation aérienne en Afrique et à Madagascar", ASECNA) is an air traffic control agency based in Dakar, Senegal. It manages 16.1 million square kilometres of airspace (1.5 times the size of Europe) covering six Flight Information Regions (FIRs) – Antananarivo, Brazzaville, Dakar Oceanic and Terrestrial, Niamey and N’Djamena. ASECNA Air Traffic Control centres are based at international airports in each of these cities.
In July 2008, a strike by ASECNA staff in Gabon disrupted air traffic in Cameroon and elsewhere.

</doc>
<doc id="19569714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19569714" title="1934 FIFA World Cup Final">
1934 FIFA World Cup Final

The 1934 FIFA World Cup Final was the deciding match of the 1934 FIFA World Cup. It was contested by Italy and Czechoslovakia. Italy won the game 2-1.
The final was held in the now-closed Stadio Nazionale PNF in Rome. Czechoslovakia took the lead with 15 minutes remaining through Antonín Puč. They held the lead for only 10 minutes though, as Italy drew level through striker Raimundo Orsi. There were no more goals in normal time so the match was forced to go into extra time, the first World Cup final to do so. With just five minutes played in extra time, Italy took the lead with a goal from Angelo Schiavio and they held on to record their first World Cup title.

</doc>
<doc id="19569724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19569724" title="Country TV">
Country TV

Country TV is a New Zealand television channel broadcast on channel 081 on SKY Network Television. Country TV aims to provide interesting and relevant information and entertainment specifically for New Zealand farmers and the rural community. 
The channel was launched on 1 October 2008 on SKY Digital TV channel 099 as "The Country Channel". On 1 November 2009 the channel changed its name to Country99TV to more closely align with its target demographic, as viewers and clients were simply calling the channel "Channel 99". On 1 May 2013, the Sky channel number was changed to 081 so the name became "Country TV"
Country TV offers a variety of programming and its flagship shows are locally produced news, weather and current affairs shows. These shows feature mix of highly experienced media identities and new talent. The news team includes esteemed journalists David Beatson, Genevieve Westcott and iconic broadcaster Mark Leishman. The channel also offers comprehensive short range and long range weather forecasts for New Zealand farmers.
Country TV is privately backed by rural investors and is based in Auckland, New Zealand. It is available by subscription only. However, if farming is the business of the subscriber then they may by eligible for their CountryTV subscription to be tax deductible. For more information, they will need to take professional advice from their accountant as this can vary depending on each customers circumstances.
Programming.
The Channel focuses entirely on programming relating to farming, including farming programs, news, weather, financial information, and reviews of products and services.
NEWS
SPORT
GENERAL

</doc>
<doc id="19569783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19569783" title="Forever and a Day">
Forever and a Day

Forever and a Day may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19569795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19569795" title="The Thompson Brothers Band">
The Thompson Brothers Band

The Thompson Brothers Band was an American country music group formed in 1996. The band consisted of Andy Thompson (lead vocals), Matt Thompson (drums) and Mike Whitty (bass guitar). They recorded for RCA Records in the 1990s, releasing one album, an extended play, and two singles.
History.
The Thompson Brothers were raised in Norwell, Massachusetts. Andy Thompson told "Country Standard Time" that he gained an interest in country music after moving to an area of Massachusetts that had a country station. He, along with his brother Matt and bassist Mike Whitty, then formed a band which played at venues throughout New England. Many of the venues that they played had also hosted Jo Dee Messina. After moving to Nashville, Tennessee, the band attended Belmont University. They attended a listening party held by RCA Records for Jon Randall, where a friend put a demo tape of theirs in to test a public address system. After an RCA representative heard the tape, he helped them sign with the label. RCA released a six-song extended play titled "Cows on Mainstreet" in 1996. The album featured four studio tracks and two live recordings.
"Blame It on the Dog", the band's first full album, followed in 1998. RCA promoted the album to radio stations by shipping out a "cool disc" containing four songs from it. "Blame It on the Dog" produced the singles "Drive Me Crazy" and "Back on the Farm". The band produced the album with Bill Lloyd of Foster & Lloyd. It received a mostly-positive review from "Billboard", which praised the "bright, crisp production" and vocal harmonies.

</doc>
<doc id="19569799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19569799" title="1935 World Figure Skating Championships">
1935 World Figure Skating Championships

The World Figure Skating Championships is an annual figure skating competition sanctioned by the International Skating Union in which figure skaters compete for the title of World Champion. 
The 1935 men and pairs competitions took place February 16 to 17, 1935 in Budapest, Hungary. 
The 1935 ladies competition took place February 8 to 9, 1935 in Vienna, Austria.
Results.
Men.
Judges were
Ladies.
Judges were
Pairs.
Judges were

</doc>
<doc id="19569807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19569807" title="Nigel Avery">
Nigel Avery

Nigel Seton Avery (born 31 August 1967) is a former weightlifting competitor for New Zealand. He was born in Auckland. 
At the 1998 Commonwealth Games in Kuala Lumpur he won a bronze medal in the 105+ kg snatch and the 105+ kg combined total.
He went to the 2002 Commonwealth Games in Manchester where he 2 gold medals in the 105+ kg clean and jerk and 105+ kg combined total, and gained a silver medal in the 105+ kg snatch. He was the Closing Ceremony flag bearer for New Zealand.
He competed at the 2000 Olympic Games in Sydney placing 17th in the 105+ kg men. 
From 1991 - 1996 he was a member of the New Zealand Bobsleigh team.
He has appeared on the TV One program "Downsize Me!" to show the effect of a high-fat diet on a very fit person.

</doc>
<doc id="19569816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19569816" title="Black Rock (Brighton and Hove)">
Black Rock (Brighton and Hove)

Black Rock is an area of undeveloped land located near Brighton Marina in the city of Brighton and Hove. It was previously the site of a swimming pool that was demolished in the 1970s.
History.
From at least the early 19th Century , Black Rock was the site of an inn and a few houses overlooking cliffs to the east of the then town of Brighton.
In 1936 an Art Deco Lido was constructed at beach level, but this was closed in 1978 and demolished in 1979, having been run down ever since its closure during World War II.
The area is served by an extension of the Volk's Electric Railway, which has remained in use thanks to the proximity of the marina, although the line was shortened when the marina and associated coastal defences were built in the early 1970s. The cliff-top houses were also lost to allow for the marina's approach roads. A new Black Rock railway terminus station was constructed in the 1990s, controversially slightly off-centre when compared with the terraces behind it which lead up to Lewes Crescent, Kemp Town.
Future.
Brighton and Hove City Council have plans to develop the site with a predominantly leisure use. From 2007 there have been plans to construct a multi-purpose sports arena with adjacent ice rink, however in July 2012 the Council considered those plans were no longer viable and decided to seek a new development partner.

</doc>
<doc id="19569821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19569821" title="Department of Airspace Control">
Department of Airspace Control

Brazil's Department of Airspace Control ("Departamento de Controle do Espaço Aéreo - DECEA") is a governmental military organization of the Aeronautics Command, which in turn is subordinated to the Ministry of Defense. Its mission is to manage the operationality of the air traffic services on the Brazilian sovereign airspace, as well as to coordinate its defense along with COMDABRA ("Comando de Defesa Aeroespacial Brasileiro": Brazilian Command of Airspace Defense).

</doc>
<doc id="19569873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19569873" title="1935 European Figure Skating Championships">
1935 European Figure Skating Championships

The European Figure Skating Championships is an annual figure skating competition sanctioned by the International Skating Union in which figure skaters compete for the title of European Champion. Skaters competed in the disciplines of ladies' singles, men's singles, and pair skating.
The 1935 competitions took place January 23 to 26, 1935 in St. Moritz, Switzerland.
Results.
Men.
Judges were
Ladies.
Judges were
Pairs.
Judges were

</doc>
<doc id="19569881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19569881" title="Uluberia (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Uluberia (Lok Sabha constituency)

Uluberia (Lok Sabha constituency) is one of the 543 parliamentary constituencies in India. The constituency centres on Uluberia in West Bengal. All the seven assembly segments of No. 26 Uluberia (Lok Sabha constituency) are in Howrah district. 
Assembly segments.
As per order of the Delimitation Commission issued in 2006 in respect of the delimitation of constituencies in the West Bengal, parliamentary constituency no. 26 Uluberia is composed of the following segments:
Prior to delimitation Uluberia Lok Sabha constituency is composed of the following assembly segments:
Results prior to 2009.
Results of elections prior to 2009 are summarised below:
1951-1971.
The winners are shown below. 

</doc>
<doc id="19569910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19569910" title="Time of Eve">
Time of Eve

Plot.
In the not-too-distant future, androids have come into common usage. Rikuo Sakisaka, who has taken robots for granted for his entire life, one day discovers that Sammy, his home android, has been acting independently and coming and going on her own. He finds a strange phrase recorded in her activity log, "Are you enjoying the Time of Eve?". He, along with his friend Masakazu Masaki, traces Sammy's movements and finds an unusual cafe, "The Time of Eve". Nagi, the barista, informs them that the cafe's main rule is to not discriminate between humans and androids. Within the cafe, androids do not display their status rings, and, when patrons depart, the door is automatically locked for two minutes to prevent someone from following them to discover their true nature.
The first few episodes involve conversations between Rikuo (usually accompanied by Masaki) and the cafe regulars: the bubbly Akiko, child Chie and her elderly guardian, the lovers Koji and Rina, and others. These conversations make frequent allusion to Isaac Asimov's Three Laws of Robotics, often highlighting surprising interpretations of those laws, some of which form apparent loopholes. The overarching plot involves the beginnings of independence displayed by the androids, what they do with that independence within the bounds of the three laws, and what motivates them. Secondary plots involve the individual stories of each android the protagonists encounter in the cafe, and how they come to discover which patrons are androids and which are not.
Media.
Anime.
The anime, produced by Directions, Inc. and animated by Studio Rikka, is directed and composed by Yasuhiro Yoshiura, produced by Tom Nagae, music by Tohru Okada, and characters by Ryusuke Chayama. The first episode streamed on Yahoo! Japan on August 1, 2008 and ended on September 18, 2009, airing six episodes. Crunchyroll simulcasted the series shortly after the Yahoo! Japan premiere, both with English and French subtitles. DVDs of the episodes were released between January 1, 2009 and October 28, 2009, and was later released on Blu-ray on December 20, 2010. The ending theme in episode 6 is , performed by Rie Tanaka, the voice actress for Sammy. The song was later released in August 2009 as a single CD. Episodes 1-6 with English subtitles were released on Blu-ray Discs from January 1, 2011.
Theatrical film.
A theatrical version, called , premiered on March 6, 2010 at Ikebukuro Theater in Tokyo and Umeda Theater in Osaka. The theatrical release version features a new theme song called "I have a dream", composed by Yuki Kajiura and performed by the pop-group Kalafina. Special-edition DVDs were distributed with pre-sold tickets in December 2009. A DVD/BD of the movie was released in Japan on July 28, 2010. A Kickstarter fundraiser was launched for an international Blu-ray release of the film, with a goal of $18,000. The goal was easily achieved in less than 24 hours. A stretch goal was later announced, with a goal of $50,000. This goal was also achieved after only 60 hours. The final amount raised was over $215,000, over 1000% of the original $18,000 target.
Other media.
A manga adaptation of "Time of Eve" illustrated by Yuuki Ohta began serialization in Square Enix's manga magazine "Young Gangan" in its February 2010 Issue. A light novel adaptation called "Time of Eve: Another Act", written by Kei Mizuichi and illustrated by character designer Ryusuke Chayama, was published on March 18, 2010 by Shogakukan under its Gagagabunko imprint. An official fanbook was released in Japan in February 2010 by Kotobukiya. Shaddy Co. Ltd. is releasing an original EVLEND coffee blend based on the blend used in series.

</doc>
<doc id="19569922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19569922" title="Vinita Nair">
Vinita Nair

Vinita Nair (born September 8, 1981) is an Indian American television journalist who is a correspondent for CBS News. She is the co-host of "CBS This Morning Saturday" alongside Anthony Mason. Previously she was co-anchor of "World News Now" and "America This Morning" on ABC, from September 17, 2008 until February 18, 2011. She was partnered with Jeremy Hubbard and later Rob Nelson on both shows. She gave birth to a son on January 28, 2012.
Nair joined ABC News as an anchor/correspondent for ABC "News Now" in December 2007. In that role, she anchored live coverage and news briefs for ABC's digital network.
Nair was born in India and grew up in Colleyville, Texas, and graduated with a degree in journalism from the Medill School of Journalism, of Northwestern University (Evanston, Illinois). She wrote for "Today's Chicago Woman" magazine, and was a reporter for Talk Radio News in Washington D.C. prior to pursuing television journalism.
Nair began her career in television news at WGEM-TV, the NBC affiliate in Quincy, Illinois, as a general assignment reporter. She also worked for WYCC-TV, Chicago's Public Access Network and the Illinois' Public, educational, and government access (PEG) cable TV named station Evanston Community Cable Channel. Then she became an anchor and reporter for KOLN/KGIN-TV in Lincoln, Nebraska, where she anchored daily morning and afternoon newscasts.
Prior to joining ABC News, Nair was lead evening reporter and anchor at KWGN-TV, the CW affiliate in Denver. She started at the station in July 2004 and reported on a wide range of topics, including the Jon Benet Ramsey murder investigation and the school shootings at Bailey, Colorado.
Vinita announced on Thursday, February 17, 2011 that Friday, February 18 would be her last night on air at World News Now. It would also be her last day with ABC News. Former KDVR Denver anchor Peggy Bunker was her immediate successor.
The February 18 edition of World News Now paid tribute to Nair in each of its three segments, including appearances from current and former colleagues including Jeremy Hubbard. Her legacy was to treat the crew to a hot breakfast on her last day. Also, a brief send-off by Nelson to Nair was given at the conclusion of America This Morning.
In 2011, she was seen with MSNBC/New York, as a newsreader on "Martin Bashir" and anchoring the early morning news programs Early Today on NBC and First Look on MSNBC.
Vinita is currently a correspondent for CBS Newspath and has been seen on the network as a substitute anchor for Up to the Minute.

</doc>
<doc id="19569944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19569944" title="On the Knocking at the Gate in Macbeth">
On the Knocking at the Gate in Macbeth

On the Knocking at the Gate in Macbeth is an essay in Shakespearean criticism by the English author Thomas De Quincey, first published in the October 1823 edition of "The London Magazine". Though brief, less than 2000 words in length, it has been called "De Quincey's finest single critical piece" and "one of the most penetrating critical footnotes in our literature." Commentators who are dismissive of De Quincey's literary criticism in general make an exception for his essay on "Macbeth".
As its title indicates, the essay concerns Act II, scene three in "The Tragedy of Macbeth", in which the murder of King Duncan by Macbeth and Lady Macbeth is succeeded by Macduff and Lennox knocking at the gate of the castle. The knocking ends Act II, scene 2 and opens II,3, the famous Porter scene. De Quincey wrote that for him, the knocking always had a pronounced effect: "it reflected back upon the murderer a peculiar awfulness and a depth of solemnity..." De Quincey could not account rationally for this response, according to the then-accepted canons of literary criticism; and he proceeded, through his essay, to venture a more psychological interpretation than had previously been applied to Shakespeare. The essay foreshadows the psychological approaches of much later criticism.
"Penetrating and philosophic," De Quincey in this essay "produced conclusions as significant as anything in Coleridge or Hazlitt."
De Quincey also views his responses to the play in reference to another of his classic essays, "On Murder Considered as one of the Fine Arts".

</doc>
<doc id="19569963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19569963" title="Keith Palmer (singer)">
Keith Palmer (singer)

Keith Palmer (June 23, 1957– June 13, 1996) was an American country music artist. In 1991, Palmer released an album for Epic Records which produced two singles: "Don't Throw Me in the Briarpatch" and "Forgotten but Not Gone," both of which entered the Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts. He also co-wrote Reba McEntire's 1991 single "For My Broken Heart."
"Keith Palmer" (1991).
Personnel.
As listed in liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="19569989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19569989" title="Rob Roberts">
Rob Roberts

Rob Roberts (born c. 1978 in Leeds, Yorkshire, England) is a rugby league player for the Oldham Roughyeds in National League Two. He plays , , or /. Before signing professional terms, his amateur career was spent at East Leeds ARLFC as part of an often successful junior squad.
He has been named in the Wales squad to face England at the Keepmoat Stadium prior to England's departure for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19569993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19569993" title="Edathara">
Edathara

Edathara is a village in Parli Panchayat, Palakkad district, Kerala, India.

</doc>
<doc id="19570009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570009" title="Kevin De Bruyne">
Kevin De Bruyne

Kevin De Bruyne (; born 28 June 1991) is a Belgian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder or winger for Bundesliga club VfL Wolfsburg and the Belgium national team.
Club career.
Early career.
De Bruyne began his career with hometown club KVV Drongen in 2003. Two years later, he joined Gent and in 2005 moved to Genk. De Bruyne continued his development in their youth set-up and was rewarded for his progress by being promoted to the first team squad in 2008.
Genk.
De Bruyne made his first team debut for Genk in a 3–0 defeat at Charleroi on 9 May 2009. Having established himself in the team the following season, On 7 February 2010, De Bruyne scored his first goal for the club, which secured all three points for Genk in a 1–0 win against Standard Liège. He scored five goals and made 16 assists in 32 league matches during the 2010–11 season as Genk were crowned Belgian champions for the third time. On 29 October 2011, De Bruyne scored his first hat-trick for Genk against Club Brugge, which ended in a 5–4 win for Genk. On 28 January 2012, De Bruyne scored a brace against OH Leuven in a 5–0 win. On 18 February 2012, De Bruyne scored his first goal back at Genk following his agreed transfer to Chelsea and also assisted the other goal in a 1–2 away win against Mons. De Bruyne ended the season by wrapping up the scoring in a 3–1 victory over Gent. He finished the league campaign with eight goals from 28 appearances.
Chelsea.
On 31 January 2012, on the winter transfer deadline day, English Premier League club Chelsea and Genk announced the permanent signing of De Bruyne, with the fee rumoured to be in the region of £7 million. He signed a five-and-a-half-year contract at Stamford Bridge, but would stay at Genk for the remainder of the 2011–12 season. De Bruyne told the club website, "To come to a team like Chelsea is a dream but now I have to work hard to achieve the level that's necessary." On 18 July 2012, De Bruyne made his debut for Chelsea in a friendly match against Major League Soccer (MLS) side Seattle Sounders FC in a 4–2 win. De Bruyne also played the first half against French Ligue 1 giants Paris Saint-Germain at Yankee Stadium, New York.
Loan to Werder Bremen.
On 2 August 2012, Chelsea announced on their official website that De Bruyne was to join Werder Bremen in the German Bundesliga on a season-long loan deal after having successfully completed a medical, wore number 6 shirt. De Bruyne scored his first goal for Bremen in a 3–2 defeat to Hannover 96 on 15 September, netting from 11 yards out after being played in by Eljero Elia. De Bruyne continued his good form, scoring in Bremen's next game, a 2–2 draw with VfB Stuttgart, on 23 September. De Bruyne got back on the score sheet on 18 November, scoring the winning goal — despite his team being down to 10 men — as Bremen came from a goal down to defeat Fortuna Düsseldorf 2–1.
De Bruyne scored his first goal in over two months on 4 May 2013, since netting a consolation goal in Bayern Munich's 6–1 hammering of Bremen, putting his side up 2–0 at home to TSG 1899 Hoffenheim before a late brace from Sven Schipplock meant that the game finished 2–2. He followed this up with a goal in Bremen's next match, securing a place in the Bundesliga for the next season with a 1–1 draw against Eintracht Frankfurt on 11 May.
Return to Chelsea.
After a successful loan spell in the German Bundesliga with Werder Bremen, De Bruyne was linked with a move to stay in Germany with either Borussia Dortmund or Bayer Leverkusen. Incoming manager José Mourinho, however, assured De Bruyne he was a part of Chelsea's plan for the future, and the player officially was returned to Chelsea on 1 July 2013. De Bruyne's agent, Patrick De Koster, explained, "We didn't receive any guarantees, but that's normal in a club like Chelsea. It's up to him Bruyne to prove, like he did in the last 18 months." 
On 21 July 2013, De Bruyne scored his first goal for Chelsea during a friendly game against Malaysia XI, but he injured himself in the process of scoring the goal.
On 18 August 2013, De Bruyne made his competitive debut for Chelsea in the opening fixture of the 2013–14 Premier League season against Hull City, getting an assist for the first goal in the 2-0 win for Chelsea.
Wolfsburg.
On 18 January 2014, Wolfsburg signed De Bruyne for a fee of £18 million, ending a protracted transfer saga. 
International career.
De Bruyne was capped by Belgium at under-18, under-19, and under-21 level. He made his debut for the Belgian senior team on 11 August 2010 in an international friendly against Finland in Turku; the game ended in a 1–0 loss for Belgium.
De Bruyne became a regular member of Belgium's team during the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualification campaign, where he scored four goals as the "Red Devils" qualified for their first major tournament in 12 years.

</doc>
<doc id="19570017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570017" title="Philip Pocock (disambiguation)">
Philip Pocock (disambiguation)

Philip Pocock is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="19570023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570023" title="HPV-1">
HPV-1

HPV-1 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="19570031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570031" title="1974 FIFA World Cup Final">
1974 FIFA World Cup Final

The 1974 FIFA World Cup Final was the final match of the 1974 FIFA World Cup, the 10th FIFA World Cup, a competition to determine the world champion among national men's football sides. The match was contested by the Netherlands and West Germany, with the West Germans winning 2–1. The Netherlands opened the scoring via a Johan Neeskens penalty in the second minute, only for Paul Breitner to equalise with another penalty in the 25th minute before Gerd Müller scored the winning goal in the 43rd minute, claiming West Germany's second FIFA World Cup.
Match summary.
West Germany was led by Franz Beckenbauer, while the Dutch had their star Johan Cruijff, and their Total Football system which had dazzled the competition. The start of the match was delayed as the ground staff at the stadium had removed the corner flags for the tournament's closing ceremony (which preceded the final) but then forgot to put them back. With just a minute gone on the clock, following a solo run, Cruijff was brought down by Uli Hoeneß in the German penalty area, and the Dutch took the lead from the ensuing penalty by Johan Neeskens before any German player had even touched the ball. West Germany struggled to recover, but they were awarded a penalty of their own in the 25th minute after Bernd Hölzenbein was fouled within the Dutch area. Paul Breitner took responsibility for the kick, and scored. These two penalties were the first to be awarded in a World Cup Final. West Germany now pushed for a winner, which eventually came in the 43rd minute through Gerd Müller. It turned out to be Müller's last ever goal for the West German team, as he retired from international football after the tournament. As the teams walked off the pitch at half-time, Cruijff was booked for arguing with the referee.
The second half saw chances for both sides. Müller thought he had scored when he put the ball in the net, only to be denied by the linesman flagging for offside. In the 85th minute, Hölzenbein fell to ground in the Dutch penalty area again, but referee Taylor did not believe it was a foul. When the final whistle went, West Germany were crowned world champions for 1974, in addition to their European title from 1972. This was the only case of the reigning European champions winning the World Cup until Spain accomplished the feat in 2010, although France have also held both trophies at the same time by winning the 1998 World Cup followed by Euro 2000.
The Brazilian João Havelange (former FIFA President from 1974 to 1998) made an unfounded claim that the 1966 and 1974 World Cups were fixed so that England and Germany would win respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="19570049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570049" title="Lambityeco">
Lambityeco

Lambityeco is a small archaeological site just about 3 kilometers west of the Tlacolula city in the Mexican state of Oaxaca. It is located just off Highway 190 about east from the city of Oaxaca en route to Mitla. The site has been securely dated to the Late Classical Period.
The Lambityeco name has several possible origins: from zapoteco “Yehui” that translates as Guava River. From “Lambi” corrupted zapoteco of the Spanish word “alambique or still” and of zapoteco “Pityec” that would translate as mound, hence the name would mean “the still mound”
Some claim that Lambityeco is a zapoteco word that means “Hollow Hill” This last interpretation seems to be accepted, considering that this site was a salt producer, as much during prehispanic times as in relatively recent times, since records show that as late as 1940 salt was still produced in this zone.
This process was made by running water through the region dirt, obtaining salt water; this water was boiled in pots to obtain salt after evaporating the water. It is confirmed that this city was a salt production center and that it provided up to 90% of the salt consumed in the valley between 600 and 700 AD. The salt was extracted from dirt in the southern part of the site.
Lambityeco is a small part of the larger site known as Yeguih, which according to another version it is the Zapotec word for "small hill". The two main structures at Lambityeco are Mound 190 and Mound 195. Mound 190 is an elite residence with the entrance flanked by two imposing Cocijo masks, the Zapotec rain god.
The site dates to the Late Classic and Early Postclassic.
Lambityeco was part of a zapoteco settlement from the late classic and early Postclassical period in the Oaxaca valley. The extraordinary artistic quality shown in the various urns, engraved bones and mural paintings in tombs as well as by decorated architectonic elements with mosaics in stucco is remarkable.
Background.
The Oaxaca state is best known for native ancestral cultures. The most numerous and best known are the Zapotecs and the Mixtecs, but there are sixteen that are officially recognized. These cultures have survived better to the present than most others in Mexico due to the state’s rugged and isolating terrain.
The name of the state comes from the name of its capital city, Oaxaca. This name comes from the Nahuatl word “Huaxyacac”, which refers to a tree called a “guaje” (Leucaena leucocephala), found in area around the capital city. The name was originally applied to the Valley of Oaxaca by Nahuatl speaking Aztecs.
Most of what is known about pre-historic Oaxaca comes from archeological work in the Central Valleys region. Evidence of human habitation dating back to about 11,000 years BCE has been found in the Guilá Naquitz cave near the town of Mitla. This area was recognized as a UNESCO World Heritage site in 2010 in recognition for the "earliest known evidence of domesticated plants in the continent, while corn cob fragments from the same cave are said to be the earliest documented evidence for the domestication of maize." More finds of nomadic peoples date back to about 5000 BCE, with some evidence of the beginning of agriculture. By 2000 BCE, agriculture had been established in the Central Valleys region of the state, with sedentary villages. The diet developed around this time would remain until the Spanish Conquest, consisting primarily of harvested corn, beans, chocolate, tomatoes, chili peppers, squash and gourds. Meat was generally hunted and included tepescuintle, turkey, deer, peccary, armadillo and iguana.
The oldest known major settlements, such as Yanhuitlán and Laguna Zope are located in this area as well. The latter settlement is known for its small figures called “pretty women” or “baby face.” Between 1200 and 900 BCE, pottery was being produced in the area as well. This pottery has been linked with similar work done in La Victoria, Guatemala. Other important settlements from the same time period include Tierras Largas, San José Mogote and Guadalupe, whose ceramics show Olmec influence. The major native language family, Oto-Manguean, is thought to have been spoken in northern Oaxaca around 4400 BCE and to have evolved into nine distinct branches by 1500 BCE.
The Zapotecs were the earliest to gain dominance over the Central Valleys region. The first major dominion was centered in Monte Albán, which flourished from 500 BCE until 750 CE.
At its height, Monte Albán was home to some 25,000 people and was the capital city of the Zapotec nation. It remained a secondary center of power for the Zapotecs until the Mixtecs overran it in 1325.
The Zapotecs.
The Zapotec civilization was a native ancient culture that flourished in the Valley of Oaxaca of southern Mesoamerica. Archaeological evidence shows their culture goes back at least 2500 years. They left archaeological evidence at the ancient city of Monte Albán in the form of buildings, ball courts, magnificent tombs and grave goods including finely worked gold jewelry.
Little is known about the Zapotec origins, unlike other mesoamerican cultures, thy did not have a known tradition or legend about their origins, they believed that were born directly from rocks, trees and Jaguars.
Archaeologist Marcus Winter points out the following development stages of the culture:
The expansion of the Zapotec empire peaked during the Monte Alban II phase. Zapotecs conquered or colonized settlements far beyond The Valley of Oaxaca. This expansion is visible in several ways; most important is the sudden change of ceramics found in regions outside the valley. These regions previously had their own unique styles which were suddenly replaced with Zapotec style pottery, indicating that they had become part of the Zapotec empire.
Etymology.
The name "Zapotec" is an exonym coming from Nahuatl "tzapotēcah" (singular "tzapotēcatl"), which means "inhabitants of the place of sapote". The Zapotec referred to themselves by some variant of the term "Be'ena'a", which means "The People."
The site.
The site comprises about 197 mounds within a 117 hectares area; most of the mounds are covered by weed. The site was occupied from 700 BC, and it apogee matches that of Monte Alban. The site was abandoned around 750 AD., and it also matches the Monte Alban abandonment and disintegration of the zapoteco state. This disintegration formed numerous smaller settlements in the Oaxaca Valley during that time; it is believed that the Lambityeco population might have moved to the Yagul site, located a few kilometers west.
Occupation.
Lambityeco occupation began around 700 BC., before the Monte Alban foundation, and concluded around 750 AD. The Lambityeco apogee occurred between 600 and 750 AD.; a time in which significant changes took place in the Oaxaca Valley as a result of the gradual weakening and abandonment of Monte Alban, one of those changes is the blossoming of several ceremonial civic centers. Although of lesser scale and political influence Lambityeco was one of them. These establishments retook political leadership and perhaps most of the Monte Alban population. This site sculpted representations unlike those commonly found in Monte Alban document important royalty marriages, source of the very important postclassical political cohesion. The initial explorations of these palaces, along with their tombs were excavated and recovered in 1961-1976 under the direction of John Paddock.
Structures.
Lambityeco is a site with over two hundred platforms of which, unfortunately only two have been explored, structures 195 and 190.
Structure 195.
This set includes the largest site structure, it is 6 meters high made up of two slope bodies with stairways on its west side. There are remains of walls of a temple-patio-altar complex. Its rear section was constructed towards the end of the site occupation covers a large area. Under the remains stratified remains of six residences belonging to elite groups and three associated tombs that can be seen climbing up the noted stairway. According to carbon 14 dating those rooms were occupied during an estimated period of 115 years, each house would have been used by a period of 23 to 29 years during four or five generations.
The currently visible construction, once the covering materials were removed, has been called the House of the Great Lord. The building constructed with adobe and stucco finished includes a series of rooms covering a surface of 370 square meters, the north patio rooms surely were used as dormitories, the south Patio is larger and elaborated, it is believed governors attended public matters here. In the east side a two level, three element altar was built, with the characteristic recessed board zapoteco style. The inner tableau has a series of stucco figures summarizing aspects of Lambityeco governors and their spouses.
The people depicted in the tableau are: a man in a horizontal position (face down), with a tipped jaw, has ears, wears a maxtlatl and in his hand holds a human femur. The female is in the same position as the man with a Zapotec hairstyle with entwined ribbons, earrings and round bead necklaces, wears a quechquemitl. In the frieze located on the northern wall, are depicted "Señor 4 cara humana" and "Señora 10 mono" who occupied the oldest Palace between 600 and 625 CE. On the frieze located on the southern wall are depicted "Señor 8 búho" and "Señora 3 turquesa" that utilized the second palace between 625 and 650 CE.
Under the altar frieze is access to Tomb No. 6, on the façade are masks "Señor 1 temblor de tierra" and "Señora 10 caña", the last governors Lambityeco.
Unfortunately the top level has almost disappeared; it would represent “señor 8 muerte” and “señora 5 Caña” that people buried in Tomb 6 located in front of the altar. At the lower level on the left side appears “señor 4 Cara” and “señora 10 Mono”, at their right “señora 3 Turquesa” and “señor 8 Búho”. They would respectively be the great-grandparents and grandparents of first mentioned couple. Each of the masculine figures of the inferior fraises holds a human femur human in their hands; this was the way to represent the right to govern granted by their ancestors.
Tomb 6 is in front of this altar, where great lords and their wives were buried. The tomb facade also has a recessed tableau with stucco representation of the faces of “señor 1 Terremoto” and “señora 10 Caña”, “señor 8 Muerte” parents. The remains of six individuals accompanied by 186 objects were discovered in the tomb, this was frequent in the Oaxaca region, as graves were used several times, placing previous remains to a side (disordered); only the last body remains were in the correct place.
Structure 190.
It is located 15 meters south of the previous. Although it is known as Cocijo Patio, in fact it was another high level residence that includes a surface of almost 400 square meters. Rooms are distributed around two patios oriented east-west, in front of each building still is pottery embedded in the dirt floor possibly used for some ceremonies. Between both patios a small room was constructed with east side access to a higher level that allowed construction of a stairway bordered by two walls decorated with recessed boards. Each wall has a large stone and mud mask covered with a thin stucco layer that represents Cocijo, the zapoteco god of rain, thunder and lightning. These identical one meter diameter masks, extraordinary and unique in Zapotec art, allow appreciation of some elements that identify the God as one of the more commonly represented deities and of the most important in the Zapotec pantheon.
The Cocijo image seen in Lambityeco, wears a mask that covers almost all the face; the eyes are framed with a type of goggle; a thick plate in the nose connected to the lower part of the goggles and the mouth mask. Upon the center of the mask in a large feather hairdo and “C glyph”; from the hairdo protrude two tapes adorned in its ends with green stones. The sides have earflaps over a feather base.
The last decorative aspect of this structure is the pectoral, made up of a circular plate superposed to a semi rectangular plate; possibly it represents a shell, jade and obsidian mosaic. An additional and distinctive element is the presence of arms. His right hand holds a vessel from which water or a river flows; the left has a series of rays, hence the name of Thunder or lightning God.
Facing the Cocijo walls, at the end of the Patio is Tomb 2 with masonry walls forming an antechamber and main chamber. The facade was constructed later; it displays a recessed board with double cornices. The remains of seven adult individuals were discovered inside representing at least four generations. In addition to the remains 144 objects were recovered, containing bat claw vessels, thorn decorated braziers, uncooked vessels, carved bones and five identical molded mud urns representing Cocijo.
As per ethnographic data, this would be the supreme priest residence, who controlled and directed all religious topics and at least be the Cocijo terrestrial representative, as is assumed by the urns and masks decorating the central chamber, from where possibly celebrated ceremonies related to the cult to the God of Rain. Generally this priest was related with the Great Lord and has been described as the Lord second son.
Lambityeco images recovered from a tomb.
After five months of restoration works, one of the few pictures of prehispanic governors was recovered, located in the facade of Tomb 6 at the Lambityeco archaeological site, in Oaxaca.
These are “señor 1 Temblor” and “señora 10 Caña” with an antiquity of more than 1300 years, recovered by the work of National Anthropology and History Institute (INAH) specialists.
The rescued Lambityeco figures are famous by their realism, as they reveal characteristics of a marriage that is currently preserved by zapotecos women.

</doc>
<doc id="19570050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570050" title="Infinera">
Infinera

Infinera Corporation is a vertically integrated manufacturer of long-haul WDM optical transmission equipment for the service provider market. Its business strategy has been based upon introduction of leading edge speeds, initially with 10 Gb/second, and as of 2013, 100 Gb/second and 500 Gb/second based upon Superchannels (or combining channels). These higher speed offerings are referred to as coherent super-channels. These higher level speeds are enabled by the use of Photonic Integrated Circuits (PIC) which combine digital circuitry and photonic circuitry in a hybrid multi-layer (3-D) component. PIC changes the manageability of optical networking: it has four major benefits: (1) PIC is smaller taking up less room in equipment cabinets than the traditional approach of having separate optical and electronic circuitry (a significant issue in retrofitting terrestrial and the 550,000 miles of submarine networks), (2) it provides for lower energy consumption, (3) the integration permits the provision of real time virtualization of optical bandwidth., and (4) purchasers can buy service ready capacity in large chunks, only pay for the capacity switched on, purchase and switch on unused capacity in 100 Gb/Sec increments without additional equipment installation eliminating the normal costs of service engineers and time delays.
Real time virtualization of bandwidth represents a relatively new capability in optical transport networks. Previously, engineers would have to "physically" reconfigure equipment to provide for reallocation of bandwidth to different customers channels or services. Provisioning is exceptionally fast with PIC and virtualization. On August 14, 2013, DANTE (Delivery of Advanced Networks to Europe, a research and educational network) and Infinera claimed that they had set a Guinness World Records by provisioning 8 Terabit/second of long haul capacity on the GÉANT network in 19 minutes and 1 second using its DTN-X packet optical transport platform from Vancis Amsterdam in the Netherlands to GlobalConnect Hamburg, Germany.
Infinera is a vertically integrated company. It has its own fab in Sunnyvale, CA with component packaging occurring in Allentown, PA. Infinera designs and manufactures everything from the ASIC chips to the complete hardware and software systems in-house.
Customers.
Infinera reports that it had deployed its systems to 126 customers worldwide (as of January, 2014). Customers included Tier 1 domestic carriers, Tier 1 international carriers, MSO/cable operators, Internet content providers, incumbent carriers, research/education/government, and wholesale bandwidth providers. As of January 29, 2014, 20 of its customers had adopted its DTN-X 500 Gbit/s capable product.
Competition.
Infinera's major direct competitors are Alcatel-Lucent, Ciena Corp., Cisco, Ericsson, Huawei Technologies and ZTE.
Major players in the more broadly defined optical market according to technology consulting firms (e.g. ACG) that track the space include Adtran, ADVA, BTI, Cisco, Coriant, Cyan, ECI Telecom, Fujitsu, MRV, NEC, Tejas, and Transmode. Investment analysts covering the firm are listed at http://phx.corporate-ir.net/phoenix.zhtml?c=209747&p=irol-analysts
Products.
The Infinera DTN platform utilizes its PIC technology to enable digital processing and management of data with the capability to generate WDM wavelengths and to add, drop, switch, manage, protect and restore network traffic digitally using integrated OTN switching. The DTN platform can automate the connection of circuits and provisioning of new services without manual intervention.
The DTN platform is modular in design. The initial deployment of the DTN platform at a customer site involves the installation of a line system (including common equipment, such as a chassis, amplifiers, management controllers and related equipment). Service Providers can increase the capacity of the DTN platform by purchasing Digital Line Modules, Tributary Adapter Modules and Tributary Optical Modules. s. The current DTN platform delivers 10 Gbit/s and 40 Gbit/s wavelengths enabling fiber capacity from 1.6 Tbit/s to 6.4 Tbit/s.
The DTN platform is carrier-class, which means that it complies with applicable Telcordia and equivalent major international standards for central office-based network elements. It supports a broad range of optical service interfaces including Ethernet (1 Gigabit Ethernet (“GbE”), 10 GbE, 40 GbE and 100GbE) and separate synchronous optical network/synchronous digital hierarchy.
Infinera DTN Platform for Submarine Network Applications For submarine transport applications, the DTN platform can be used as a Submarine Line Terminating Equipment (“SLTE”) node, doubling the total optical capacity of many traditional submarine systems to a maximum of up to 6.4 Tbit/s and distances of up to 8,000 km. The DTN platform leverages its digital operations and software automation to reduce engineering complexity for submarine cable upgrades and to enable lower cost, faster deployment of additional capacity on existing systems.
Infinera Line System Infinera’s Digital Optical Network platforms are built upon and connected to one another using an optical “line system.” The Infinera Line System (“ILS”) provides optical amplification and enables the management communication channels between network nodes. ILS currently supports up to 6.4 Tbit/s of optical capacity on a single fiber using the DTN platform and up to 8 Tbit/s of capacity using the DTN-X platform. ILS is fully integrated into Infinera’s management and control software and can be managed seamlessly across platforms. Infinera’s bandwidth virtualization management capabilities allow customers to manage and utilize the available capacity as a single pool of bandwidth to satisfy customer requirements, including services at speeds from 1 Gbit/s up to 100 Gbit/s.
Infinera's newest product, the DTN-X Platform began commercial shipments in the second quarter of 2012. The DTN-X platform is based on a third generation 500 Gbit/s PICs that integrate more than 600 discrete optical functions delivering the world’s first 500 Gbit/s FlexCoherent super-channels, based on 100 Gbit/s per channel. The higher throughput and virtualization of the DTN-X platform help Service Providers increase their capacity to manage the explosive growth of traffic brought on by video, mobile and cloud-based services. The DTN-X platform is a multi-terabit packet optical transport platform that is fundamentally three products in one:
- a dense WDM (“DWDM”) transmission system based on the world’s first 500 Gbit/s super-channels, unleashing cost-effective DWDM transmission capacity;
- an integrated OTN switching system that will scale from 5 Tbit/s in its first release and up to 100 Tbit/s in the future and will enable operators to efficiently manage larger data transmission with grooming of traffic down to 1 Gbit/s granularity; and
- a system that is designed to be upgradeable to Multi-Protocol Label Switching (“MPLS”) switching in the future which will help further enable convergence of the network for improved efficiency, reducing the number interconnections between network layers.
Many researchers and optical transport vendors believe that the convergence of network layers can only be achieved when the best in class performance of each individual layer is realized in a single platform. In most competitive solutions, a Service Provider must make a choice between maximizing either the system’s transmission capacity or its OTN switching capability. The DTN-X platform is designed to converge switching with DWDM transport. The design centers around three Infinera building blocks – PICs paired with a FlexCoherent Processor, custom switching application-specific integrated circuits (“ASICs”) and intelligent Generalized MPLS (“GMPLS”) software. This technological approach allows all components, including the optical functions based on PIC technology, to scale in a manner consistent with Moore’s Law-like semiconductor manufacturing economics.
Infinera ATN Platform The Infinera ATN platform is a coarse WDM and DWDM aggregation and transport solution designed with 400 Gbit/s of total capacity. The ATN platform can be used to extend the Digital Optical Network architecture of the DTN and DTN-X platforms, and can also be used as a standalone WDM access system and multiservice aggregation and transport platform. The ATN platform supports direct wavelength connectivity to DTN and DTN-X nodes, integrating management capabilities across heterogeneous equipment.
Infinera IQ Network Operating System The Infinera IQ Network Operating System is an embedded software operating system, which enables Service Providers to simplify and speed up the tasks they perform to deliver, differentiate, and manage services and to optimize the utilization of their networks. The IQ Network Operating System for the DTN and DTN-X platforms utilize GMPLS for end-to-end provisioning, protection and restoration services, and a wide variety of performance monitoring and software-definable testing capabilities. The ATN platform supports end-to-end provisioning through software features similar to the DTN and DTN-X platforms.
Infinera Management Suite The Infinera Management Suite is a broad set of standards-based network and element management tools and operations support system integration interfaces that are used by Service Providers to manage their DTN, DTN-X and ATN platforms. Its management suite software includes Digital Network Administrator, a scalable element management system, and an easy-to-use Graphical Node Manager web-based management interface. All Infinera hardware products, the DTN, DTN-X and ATN platforms, are managed in an integrated fashion by the Infinera Management Suite. 
History.
Infinera was founded in 2000 as Zepton Networks by Drew Perkins, Jadeep Singh and David Welch. David Welch was recognized in 2013 with the JJ Thomson Medal for Electronics, an award from the Institution of Engineering and Technology for his "role as a pioneer in the field of optical devices and optical networks. His technical contributions and leadership first made it possible to commercially deploy reliable high power semiconductor lasers including 980 nm laser pumps, crucially needed in low noise optical amplifiers employed in DWDM systems. Dr. Welch later achieved the first commercial optoelectronics integrated circuit, several years ahead of any competing research or developments in the laboratory. These early devices marked a quantum step in optical system design. Today, photonic integrated circuits (PICs) are essential to addressing the bandwidth and energy challenges faced by global telecommunications networks." 
It raised its first round of funding in April 2001. The startup remained in stealth mode until its first products were launched in 2004, although a few early media articles did describe the company's component technology - a photonic integrated circuit in indium phosphide.
Underwritten by Goldman Sachs, Infinera went public on the NASDAQ in 2007, raising $182 million.
Technology.
Infinera is a pioneer in design and manufacture of large scale photonic integrated circuits or PIC. A Google patent search reveals that over 500 patents have been filed by Infinera in optical transport. Eleven of its patents pertain to virtualization of optical bandwidth.
Infinera's technology appears to be exceptionally reliable. In March 2011, the company announced "500,000 hours of failure free operation worldwide". The company claims that its PIC technology has never failed in a customer network.
The production efficiency of using monolithic integration with PIC has permitted Infinera to build large super-channel cards with capacity of 500 gigabit/second. This large throughput may be in excess of actual carrier requirements. Infinera has changed its business model to permit purchase of a 500 Gbit/s. line card by a carrier, but only switch on capacity in 100 Gb/second units of capacity. The company refers to this pricing model as "Cashflow-Efficient Instant Bandwidth" and has trademarked the term. The company's technology roadmap projects linecards' throughput to scale to 4 terabit and beyond.

</doc>
<doc id="19570074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570074" title="William Kane">
William Kane

William Kane may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19570077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570077" title="Cutie Honey Flash">
Cutie Honey Flash

Plot.
Honey Kisaragi is a perfectly normal, beautiful high school student... until her scientist father is kidnapped by the evil organization Panther Claw, that is. However, her father left behind a device that she can use to transform into the red-haired sword-wielding heroine, Cutey Honey. Aided by Seiji, a private eye who specializes in Panther Claw, and the mysterious "Twilight Prince", she fights members of Panther Claw in order to rescue her father.
Characters.
Like "New Cutie Honey" before it, "Cutie Honey Flash" makes references to other series from "Cutie Honey" creator Go Nagai. Recurring "Honey" characters Honey Kisaragi, Seiji, Danbei, Natsuko, Panther Zora, Sister Jill, and Miharu return here, along with Alphonne, Principal Pochi (as a poodle), Gorgon Claw, a female version of Archduke Gorgon of "Mazinger Z", Freddy Claw, a female blend of Dr. Hell and Count Blocken from "Mazinger Z", and Baby Satan Claw, a blend of Marquis Janus from "Great Mazinger" and Mazinger Z's Genocider F9. Three boys from Honey's school are based on pilots from "Getter Robo" and "Getter Robo Go", and Great Mazinger briefly appears on a TV screen early on in the series.
Protagonists.
Honey receives help, advice, and white flowers from a mysterious . Among the things the prince gives Honey are objects invented by her father, the scientist Takeshi Kisaragi. Honey can use the Element Changing Device on her choker by saying the phrase "Honey Flash", to transform in various ways and can heal from otherwise grievous wounds in a matter of hours. Honey can transform into a variety of personas in this series; she can change into versions of "Hurricane Honey" and "Cutie Honey" from the 1970s versions, as well as these: Much like the original version, she possesses the Honey Boomerang and Silver Fleurette as her weapons and after her Element Changing Device is fused with Seira's she can summon the Flash Breath, a small crossbow that can launch arrows of fire, water, lightning, or ice.
Later in the series it is revealed that Honey and Siera were two survivors of a series of artificially created humans that were created to possess the Element Changing Device created by her father and Twilight Prince under Panther Claw before Sister Jill personally terminated the project. After the destruction of the incubation machine, Professor Kisaragi found and raised Honey as his own while Seira was taken in by Twilight Prince and Panther Zora.
Panther Claw.
In "Cutie Honey Flash", Honey must deal with a version of the Panther Claw organization, composed of Panther Zora, a stone figure that reigns over the group; Sister Jill, who is Zora's second-in-command; Prince Zera, a Panther Claw leader who jealously seeks Sister Jill's position in the group; and various henchmen. When fighting enemies, Cutie Honey uses attacks such as the "Honey Boomerang", "Honey Lightning Flare", "Honey Rouge Arrow", and "Honey Virginal Invitation".
A fourth character from the original "Honey" series, Seiji Hayami, appears as a detective whose father was killed by the Panther Claw. Seiji often meets Honey in her Cutie Honey form, not knowing that she is Kisaragi.
Misty Honey.
The fourteenth episode of the anime introduces Misty Honey, a rival and self-proclaimed twin sister of Cutie Honey, whose name was chosen through a contest in Japan. Ironically, Misty Honey was one of her alter-egos in the original cartoon. Misty Honey, unlike Cutie Honey, cannot turn into anyone she wants; she can only change to Misty Honey. She has a band around her thigh that resembles Honey's choker which acts as the activator for her Airborne Element Fixing Device but she uses a ring to transform with the words "Honey Flash". Seira's heart was "poisoned" by Panther Zora when she was found by Twilight Prince. The darkness in her heart (and her flawed transformation device) creates Panther Claw minions. Later in the series it is revealed that Honey and Siera were two survivors of a series of artificially created humans that were created to possess the Element Changing Device created by her father and Twilight Prince under Panther Claw before Sister Jill personally terminated the project. After the destruction of the incubation machine, Professor Kisaragi found and raised Honey as his own while Seira was taken in by Twilight Prince and Panther Zora. Her alter ego, Seira Hazuki, shares her given name with Seiji's child, who appears only in the 39th and final episode.
Production.
"Cutie Honey Flash" uses hand-drawn animation; according to Shimagasa, the use of digitally animated characters on hand-painted backgrounds was planned and tested, but later rejected. Its theme music was performed by Salia.
Movie.
On July 12, 1997, Cutie Honey Flash received a sequel in the form of a 38-minute movie. It was released on DVD in Japan on October 21, 2004, shortly after the Cutie Honey Flash TV series was released on DVD.
Media.
Episodes.
Dub titles are not included since this series has never been adapted to and released in English.

</doc>
<doc id="19570089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570089" title="61st parallel north">
61st parallel north

The 61st parallel north is a circle of latitude that is 61 degrees north of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses the Atlantic Ocean, Europe, Asia and North America.
At this latitude the sun is visible for 19 hours, 16 minutes during the summer solstice and 5 hours, 32 minutes during the winter solstice.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 61° north passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="19570106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570106" title="John Bone">
John Bone

John Bone may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19570111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570111" title="Signal regeneration">
Signal regeneration

In telecommunications, signal regeneration is signal processing that restores a signal, recovering its original characteristics.
The signal may be electrical, as in a repeater on a T-carrier line, or optical, as in an OEO optical cross-connect.
The process is used when it is necessary to change the signal type in order to transmit it via different media. Once it comes back to the original medium the signal is usually required to be regenerated so as to bring it back to its original state.

</doc>
<doc id="19570132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570132" title="Clear channel assessment attack">
Clear channel assessment attack

A clear channel assessment attack or Queensland attack is physical layer DoS attack against Wi-Fi networks. The attack focuses the need of a wireless network to receive the "clear channel assessment"; which is a function within CSMA/CA to determine whether the wireless medium is ready and able to receive data, so that the transmitter may start sending it. The attack makes it appear that the airwaves are busy, which basically puts the entire system on hold.
The attack works only on 802.11b, and is not effective on the OFDM-based protocols 802.11g and 802.11a. However, some hybrid 802.11b/g access points will hinder the 802.11g network when the 802.11b network is attacked.
Discovery.
The attack was discovered by researchers at Queensland University of Technology's Information Security Research Center. The origin of the "Queensland attack" name comes thus from its original discoverers.
In practice.
The signal telling the system the airwaves are busy is of course sent through the attacker's NIC, by placing it in continuous transmit mode. The attack can be set up through the use of the Intersil's Prism Test Utility (PrismTestUtil322.exe).

</doc>
<doc id="19570164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570164" title="1938–39 FA Cup">
1938–39 FA Cup

The 1938–39 FA Cup was the 64th season of the world's oldest football cup competition, the Football Association Challenge Cup, commonly known as the FA Cup. Portsmouth won the competition for the first time, beating Wolverhampton Wanderers 4–1 in the final at Wembley. As this was the last full FA Cup competition before the Second World War, Portsmouth held the trophy until the end of the 1945-46 season.
Matches were scheduled to be played at the stadium of the team named first on the date specified for each round, which was always a Saturday. Some matches, however, might be rescheduled for other days if there were clashes with games for other competitions or the weather was inclement. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played, a replay would take place at the stadium of the second-named team later the same week. If the replayed match was drawn further replays would be held until a winner was determined. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played in a replay, a 30-minute period of extra time would be played.
First round proper.
At this stage, 43 clubs from the Football League Third Division North and South joined the 25 non-league clubs having come through the qualifying rounds. Barnsley, York City and Notts County were given a bye to the Third Round. To make the number of matches up, non-league Scarborough and Bromley were given byes to this round. 34 matches were scheduled to be played on Saturday, 26 November 1938. Eight were drawn and went to replays in the following midweek fixture.
Second Round Proper.
The matches were played on Saturday, 10 December 1938. Four matches were drawn, with replays taking place in the following midweek fixture. One of these, Halifax Town vs. Mansfield Town, then went to two more replays before being settled.
Third round proper.
The 44 First and Second Division clubs entered the competition at this stage, along with Barnsley, York City and Notts County. The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 7 January 1939, although seven matches began at later dates. Eight matches were drawn and went to replays, with one of these requiring a second replay to settle the fixture.
Fourth round proper.
The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 21 January 1939. Five games were drawn and went to replays, of which two went to a second replay.
Fifth round proper.
The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 11 February 1939. There were four replays, of which two went to second replays.
Sixth round proper.
The four Sixth Round ties were scheduled to be played on Saturday, 4 March 1939. There was one replay, in the Huddersfield Town–Blackburn Rovers match.
Semi-Finals.
The semi-final matches were played on Saturday, 25 March 1939. Wolverhampton Wanderers and Portsmouth won their matches to meet in the final at Wembley.
Final.
The 1939 FA Cup Final was contested by Portsmouth and Wolverhampton Wanderers at Wembley. Portsmouth won 4–1, with goals from Bert Barlow, John Anderson and two by Cliff Parker. Dicky Dorsett scored Wolves' effort.
As a result of the suspension of the FA Cup for the duration of the Second World War, the next FA Cup final was not until seven years later in 1946, thereby enabling Portsmouth fans to claim that their team has held the Cup for the longest time.

</doc>
<doc id="19570189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570189" title="Brigade (Soviet collective farm)">
Brigade (Soviet collective farm)

The brigade was a labor division within the Soviet collective farm ("kolkhoz").
The 1930s.
The mass collectivization drive of the late 1920s and early 1930s pushed the peasantry from individual household production into an archepeligo of collective farms. The question of internal organization was important in the new kolkhozes. The most basic measure was to divide the workforce into a number of groups, generally known as brigades, for working purposes. `By July 1929 it was already normal practice for the large kolkhoz of 200-400 households to be divided into temporary or permanent work units of 15-30 households.'
The authorities gradually came down in favour of the fixed, combined brigade, that is the brigade with its personnel, land, equipment and draught horses fixed to it for the whole period of agricultural operations, and taking responsibility for all relevant tasks during that period.
The brigade was headed by a brigade leader ("brigadir"). He was usually a local man (few were women).
Land allotment.
The authorities resolved that each brigade was to have a fixed plot in every field of the crop rotation. A Communist Party resolution of 4 February 1932 said the brigade's land should be fixed for the agricultural year, but some kolkhozes found that it helped forward planning to fix it for the whole period of the crop-rotation, and this practice was formally adopted in the kolkhoz Model Statute of 1935. In the central Asian cotton-growing kolkhozes, each brigade might hold its land as an integral unit, its members living within this unit.
Extent.
Almost two-thirds of kolkhozes (65.1%) had two or more field brigades in 1937. (Presumably it was the smaller kolkhozes, in northern Russia and elsewhere, that were not divided into brigades.) Brigades varied in size from 20ĳ0 workers in the north, north-west and parts of the non-black-earth centre, to about 100 in the Lower and Middle Volga. The average, in 1937, was 62 people. A brigade in the black-earth had about 10 hectares of land per member; thus a brigade of 50, for example, had 500 hectares.
The kolkhoz amalgamations of 1950.
After the kolkhoz amalgamations of 1950 the territorial successor of the old village kolkhoz was the "complex brigade" (brigade of brigades), a sub-unit of the new enlarged kolkhoz.

</doc>
<doc id="19570192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570192" title="Lee Haskins">
Lee Haskins

Lee Haskins (born 29 November 1983) is a British professional boxer from Bristol in England who has fought in the Flyweight, Super Flyweight and Bantamweight divisions. He is a former English and Commonwealth flyweight champion and the reigning British super flyweight champion.
Professional career.
Early career.
Haskins made his professional debut in March 2003 when he took on and defeated Ankar Miah stopping him in the first round at Ashton Gate the home of Bristol City Football Club. In his very next contest he defeated future British champion Chris Edwards this time over 6 rounds at the same venue. By the time he had compiled a winning ledger of 9-0 he challenged journeyman fighter Delroy Spencer for the English Flyweight title and claimed the belt after Spencer retired after the third round of the 10 round contest. In February 2006 almost three years from his professional debut and now with a winning record of 13-0 Haskins challenged the Tanzanian fighter Anthony Mathias for the vacant Commonwealth Flyweight title. He stopped Mathias in the 2nd round at The Pavilions in Plymouth to pick up his second career title.
Commonwealth title fights.
Following the victory over Mathias, Haskins returned to Bristol just two months later for his first defence against South African Zolile Mbityi. The fight as reported by the BBC was often a 'messy and bad tempered affair' with Haskins never really hitting top gear. Haskins won the fight on points over 12 rounds.
In October 2006 Haskins chose to move up a weight division and compete for the Commonwealth Bantamweight title. The current champion, another South African called Tshifhiwa Munyai had claimed the belt with an upset win over British Bantamweight title holder Martin Power. Going into the fight Haskins was confident saying "“I think he's gonna come in and try to take me out. That's what I want. I've changed a few things, and hopefully it'll work on the night.”" The fight which was Haskins debut at the York Hall in London ended in the 6th round with Munyai scoring a tko.
British title challenges.
Following the stoppage, Haskins next meaningful fight was almost a year later in September 2007 when he returned to the York Hall to take on new British Bantamweight holder Ian Napa. The fight once again proved to be a disappointment for Haskins with ringside reporters claiming he was looking tired before he retired hurt with an arm injury in the 7th round, handing the feather-fisted Napa the only knockout win of his career. in March 2008 Haskins put the memory of defeat behind him by scoring a win over former British title challenger Jamie McDonnell over 8 rounds in Barnsley. The win set him up for another crack at a title, this time against the British Super-Flyweight champion Andy Bell. The fight with Bell took place in November 2008 and ended with a unanimous points decision for the Bristolian in what was considered to be a close fight. Speaking after the fight Haskins paid tribute to his opponent saying ""I don't know what to say. It feels great. I knew Andy Bell is a great fighter, he is very tough. He hits hard as well and it just feels great to be champion"" On 10 July 2009 Haskins defended his belt for the first time against Sheffield's Ross Burkinshaw, winning in the 4th round.
British and Commonwealth champion.
On 11 December 2009 Haskins added the Commonwealth Super Flyweight title to his collection after defeating the unbeaten Don Broadhurst on points in Newport, Wales and becoming a two weight Commonwealth champion. Haskins claimed the belt having scored a unanimous points victory on all three judges scorecards in what was described as a 'scrappy' contest. Following the fight Haskins was scheduled to face Italian Andrea Sarritzu for the European title at super flyweight only for the contest to be called off on a total of four occasions, another fight against the Frenchman Karim Guerfi also fell through after the fighters failed to agree terms. The delays meant that Haskins was out of the ring for over a year until on 30 April 2011 he met Bulgarian boxer Fikret Remziev over six rounds, scoring a fourth round stoppage, at the Olympiad Leisure Centre in Chippenham. Speaking about the delays promoter Chris Sanigar described the period as being "very frustrating" and said that he'd like to see Haskins fight for the British title again with a view to stepping up to Bantamweight to challenge Jamie McDonnell at some point in the future. To add to Haskin's disappointment, he was stripped of the Commonwealth belt after failing to defend it.
On 14 July 2011, Haskins traveled to Morocco to accept a short notice challenge for the WBA Inter continental and the IBF International bantamweight titles. His opponent, Mohamed Bouleghcha had won the titles in April and as the fight was at bantamweight meant that Haskins would have to not only concede home advantage but also weight advantage as he had not fought in the division for four years. Haskins won a victory over 12 rounds, including two knockdowns, and said that the victory represented that he was now ready for the world stage.

</doc>
<doc id="19570199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570199" title="Jack Davies">
Jack Davies

Jack Davies may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19570225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570225" title="Ōura scandal">
Ōura scandal

After the entry of Japan into World War I, the administration of Prime Minister Ōkuma Shigenobu had to report to the lower house of the Diet of Japan that expenditures had greatly exceeded projections, and furthermore had to put forth a request by the Imperial Japanese Army for an increase in funding to support an additional 86,000 men – a request which had previously led to the collapse of the Saionji administration. As the majority of the lower house in the Diet was controlled by opposition political parties hostile to Ōkuma, the request for additional funds failed, and Ōkuma dissolved the house, calling for new elections on March 25, 1915. 
In the campaigning during the Japanese election of 1915 Ōkuma avoided any mention of increased funding for the military, but stressed his foreign policy achievements in China (such as the Twenty-One Demands) and elsewhere, as opposed to the opposition "Rikken Seiyūkai", tainted by its recent involvement in the Imperial Japanese Navy’s Siemens scandal. The result of the election was a landslide for Ōkuma, with the opposition "Seiyūkai" losing over 90 seats. Although Ōkuma did not obtain an absolute majority, he was able to pass his bills on military spending and China policy without difficulty. 
However, a couple of months after the election, charges began to surface that Ōura Kanetake, the Home Minister, had given funds from the "Rikken Dōshikai" to Hayashida Kametarō, the Chief Secretary of the lower house to distribute to undecided members in order influence the outcome of Ōkuma’s military spending bill. Hayashida resigned, was arrested, and was sent to prison. On July 29, 1915, Ōura was also forced to resign, but was not indicted. Ōkuma's cabinet lost popular support, and its members held mass resignation in October 1915. In 1916, after a long argument with the "genrō", Ōkuma resigned as well, and retired from politics permanently.

</doc>
<doc id="19570227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570227" title="Three Weeks in Paradise">
Three Weeks in Paradise

Three Weeks in Paradise is a computer game released in 1985 by Mikro-Gen for the ZX Spectrum and Amstrad CPC platforms. It is the last action-adventure platform game from the Wally Week series.
Gameplay.
This time the family of Weeks are trapped on a tropical island inhabited by cannibals. Herbert and Wilma (Wally's son and wife) are trapped and Wally must rescue them, build a raft and escape. The player only controls Wally and must solve puzzles and avoid obstacles like animals and natives - especially the tribe chief, who's patrolling the area. Each puzzle solved builds a piece of escape raft. As with previous Wally games humour plays an important part in both the gameplay and puzzle solving.
The graphics were detailed and the Spectrum version had an option to switch off Wally's natural colour, which would remove the colour clash. In the ZX Spectrum +128 version there are few additional screens and objects to use, but the rest of the game remains the same.

</doc>
<doc id="19570233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570233" title="Matru Devo Bhava">
Matru Devo Bhava

Matru Devo Bhava is a 1993 Telugu drama film written and directed by K. Ajayakumar.
The film won the National Film Award for Best Lyrics by Veturi Sundararama Murthy for the song "Raalipoye Puvva" and Filmfare Best Film Award (Telugu),
Production.
The film is a remake of the Malayalam hit film "Akashadoothu" (1993) by Sibi Malayil. K.S. Rama Rao saw the film and bought the remake rights for Telugu. Rama Rao brought Madhavi in to reprise her role from "Akshadhoodu" since she was also a familiar face to Telugu audience. Major portions of the Telugu remake were shot in the same locations as the original film.
In 2008 the movie was remade in Hindi as "Tulsi" by the same producer-director duo, but with Manisha Koirala and Irrfan Khan in the lead roles.
Plot.
Satyam (Nassar) is a driver and his wife Sarada (Madhavi) is a music teacher. They were both orphans brought up in the Seva Ashram (run by Charuhasan). Sarada and Satyam have four kids. Satyam, though good at heart, is addicted to liquor. Apparao (Tanikella Bharani), a toddy milk vendor, has an eye on Sarada. When Satyam discovers Apparao making advances on Sarada, he assaults him in front of everyone. Avenging the assault, Apparao kills Satyam. Sarada, who is diagnosed with cancer, wants her children to be brought up in a family atmosphere rather than in the Ashram and the children are adopted by different families.

</doc>
<doc id="19570234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570234" title="1982 FIFA World Cup Final">
1982 FIFA World Cup Final

The 1982 FIFA World Cup Final was a football match contested between Italy and West Germany. It was the final match of the 1982 FIFA World Cup tournament and was played on 11 July 1982 at the Santiago Bernabéu Stadium in Madrid. 
After a scoreless first half during which Antonio Cabrini fired a penalty wide of goal, Paolo Rossi scored first, heading home a bouncing Claudio Gentile cross from close range. Marco Tardelli then scored from the edge of the area before Alessandro Altobelli, at the end of a counterattack by winger Bruno Conti, made it 3–0. Italy's lead appeared secure, encouraging Italian president Sandro Pertini to wag his finger at the cameras in a playful 'not going to catch us now' gesture. Breitner scored for Germany in the 83rd minute but Italy held on to claim their first World Cup title in 44 years, and their third in total with a 3–1 victory.
Coming after their 1934 and 1938 victories, Italy had now drawn level with record champions Brazil. Italy's Paolo Rossi won the Golden Boot as the tournament's top goalscorer, and the Golden Ball as the tournament's best player (awarded for the first time). Captain and goalkeeper Dino Zoff at forty also became the oldest player to win the World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19570235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570235" title="Sean Penkywicz">
Sean Penkywicz

Sean Penkywicz (born 18 May 1982) is a rugby league player for Leigh Centurions in National League One. He plays as a hooker or scrum-half.
He has been named in the Wales squad to face England at the Keepmoat Stadium prior to England's departure for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19570239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570239" title="62nd parallel north">
62nd parallel north

The 62nd parallel north is a circle of latitude that is 62 degrees north of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses the Atlantic Ocean, Europe, Asia and North America.
At this latitude the sun is visible for 19 hours, 45 minutes during the summer solstice and 5 hours, 9 minutes during the winter solstice.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 62° north passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="19570258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570258" title="William Carver">
William Carver

William Carver may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19570278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570278" title="Marius Nizolius">
Marius Nizolius

Marius Nizolius (Mario Nizzoli or Nizolio) (1498-1576) was an Italian humanist scholar, known as a proponent of Cicero. He considered rhetoric to be the central intellectual discipline, slighting other aspects of the philosophical tradition. He is described by Michael R. Allen as the heir to the oratorical vision of Lorenzo Valla, and a better nominalist.
Life.
He was born in Brescello. He was professor of philosophy at Parma and Sabbioneta.
Works.
His major work was the "Thesaurus Ciceronianus", first published in 1535 in Brixen but not under this title, and running into many further editions. It was a lexicon of Latin words used in Cicero's works. It was adopted by Renaissance extremists who considered that writing in Latin could only be correct within this restricted vocabulary. His "Antibarbarus philosophicus" (original title of 1553 "De veris principiis") was edited by Leibniz in 1670. It was a reply in a controversy with Marco Antonio Maioragio (1514-1555), and going back to a dispute from the mid-1540s over the "Paradoxes" of Cicero.

</doc>
<doc id="19570308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570308" title="WarioWare D.I.Y.">
WarioWare D.I.Y.

WarioWare D.I.Y., unofficially called WarioWare: Do It Yourself in PAL regions and known in Japan as , is a mini-game compilation and design video game released for the Nintendo DS in 2009. It is the seventh title in the "WarioWare" series, after "" It was first revealed at Nintendo's conference on October 2, 2008 and it was released in Japan on April 29, 2009. It was released in March, April, and May 2010 in North America, Europe and Australia respectively and was accompanied by a separate WiiWare title, WarioWare D.I.Y. Showcase.
The game revolves around the Super MakerMatic 2.1, a machine that allows WarioWare D.I.Y. players to make microgames, music records and 4-page black-and-white comics.
Story.
Dr. Crygor dreams that he is playing on a game console (which resembles a Wii with a wired Wii Virtual Console gamepad) when suddenly all the characters in the game come out of the screen and cause a stampede. Waking up from the nightmare, Dr. Crygor comes up with a brainstorm and invents the Super MakerMatic 21. While the machines are being assembled in Dr. Crygor's lab, Wario enters with a broken television set for repairment and notices the Super MakerMatic 21 is being assembled. He wants to trade his broken television for one of SuperMakerMatics (thinking that it is a television set as well), at which point Dr. Crygor explains what it actually is and its ability of making microgames easily. Wario is amazed and realizes that Dr. Crygor's invention is the key to making huge fortunes and starts WarioWare, Inc, once again. Unfortunately, many of his employees have quit, so he hires the player to make microgames for him.
Gameplay.
"WarioWare D.I.Y." allows players to design their own microgames, creating their own graphics, music and designing a 'cartridge' for them. The game features five sections in its main menu: D.I.Y. Studio, where the player designs microgames, WarioWare Inc., the tutorial, D.I.Y Shop, where the player makes microgame cartridges, Options Garage, where players edit preferences and names, and Distribution Center, in which players send games to the Wii or vice versa. Players can also receive games from the NinSoft store while at the Distribution Center. Due to its cross-compatibility with the Wii, the gameplay is restricted to tapping mechanics. When creating the music, the player can hum into the DS's microphone, which the DS then converts into notes, or create their own music. These notes can then be performed by various instruments such as pig noises, similar to music creation in "Mario Paint".
Players can send their creations to other D.I.Y. owners or receive other people's works. They can also be uploaded to Nintendo Wi-Fi connection for contest purposes. Microgames made available by Nintendo can be downloaded, too. Additionally, the WiiWare game "WarioWare D.I.Y. Showcase" allows users to play the microgames on the Wii with the Wii remote's pointer.
Aside from the user-generated microgames, WarioWare D.I.Y. includes over 90 pre-made microgames featuring the characters Mona, Jimmy T., Ashley, Orbulon, and 9-Volt. "WarioWare D.I.Y. Showcase" includes 72 different pre-made microgames featuring Wario-Man, Dribble & Spitz, Kat & Ana, and 18-Volt. Each character has microgames set to certain themes, similar to "".
Development.
Development of "WarioWare: D.I.Y." began in September 2003 when its developer, Goro Abe, decided that due to how entertaining it was for the team to create microgames, they would make a game that allowed gamers to do the same thing. In an interview, Abe referenced other video games that allow players to create their own role-playing or shooting games, but despite finding it fun, he would quit making them before finishing them. Because of this, he decided that the short nature of the "WarioWare" series' microgames were perfect for this kind of game, allowing for those with a short attention span to make use of the game. Development took long as a result of the successor to the Game Boy Advance, the "Iris", being replaced by the touch controlled Nintendo DS, which Abe felt was an ideal way to create microgames. However, due to a combination of the difficulty in creating microgames and other projects Abe had to develop, it was put on hold. The project gained new life during the development of the Wii video game ' when the developers learned of the WiiConnect24 feature that allows players to exchange or send data. He decided that with "D.I.Y.", players would be able to make microgames on the Nintendo DS and then send them to the Wii to play. Development restarted after the completion of "Smooth Moves". Another designer, Masahito Hatakeyama, got involved after discussing the project with Abe. Hatakeyama was also interested in video games that allow players to make their own content, but he suffered from the same problem and would quit creating his content 1/3 through. He also cited "Mario Paint" as another game that he played that allowed him to make his own content. He eventually asked Abe if he could participate in the game's development, which Abe said yes to. Taku Sugioka, an employee of Intelligent Systems who had also worked on the DSiWare video game ', had heard that after "Smooth Moves" was completed, Abe was going to try something new. Soon after, Abe asked him if he would be interested in participating in its development. He found it to be an interesting project, but was not sure if Abe's ideas could translate well into a video game.
The drawing and music-making portions were made to be based on the drawing and music-making portions of "Mario Paint". However, they found difficulty in designing the portion of the game where players designate the objectives of the microgames. Originally, they intended to make characters and items, which they designated as "objects", able to move depending on the players wishes, but they needed to make the game interactive and approachable for players. After "Smooth Moves", development of "D.I.Y." took two years to complete; one of those years was spent attempting to figure out how to make such interaction and approachability doable. Eventually, they decided on splitting the microgame design process into three phases – the object phase, the background phase, and the sound phase. They created a test model which they viewed as successful after a designer created a microgame in a few hours. At this point, the development had picked up, Sugioka commenting that the team was amazed by this since he was just a designer and not a programmer, meaning he did not have access to special techniques to do this. As the development continued, the game design mechanics grew from the simple test model, as if like they were adding to a puzzle, in Sugioka's words. The developers intended on keeping it simple, however, only implementing six buttons. For example, for a microgame that features a jumping character, players may dictate where the character may jump by selecting the "Boing!" button. While Hatakeyama wanted to add more functionality, Abe retorted by commenting either that the player could combine two functions to do what Hatakeyama wanted or that the microgames only lasted a few seconds and did not need to get too complex. The development team attempted to recreate microgames from "" to test how easy it would be for players to do so. For some they could recreate, while others they could not. In response, they adjusted the game to make the ones they could not recreate workable. The debugging process was a difficult part of the development due to how many possibilities there were in creating microgames.
While the game originally was going to use a normal Nintendo DS game card, it uses a NAND flash memory card in order to save and load microgames faster and allow players to store more microgames. While this was initially rejected due to a tight schedule, it was eventually implemented. However, during the mass production phase of the development, the game would stop when they tried to utilize the memory. Sugioka was placed in charge of debugging the NAND card, and eventually found the cause. While Abe considered that there would be people who would not want to make microgames, he implemented a feature that would allow players to edit the microgames the developers included to make their own. Initially, they considered having players download microgames from people who have given their friend codes to them, Abe commenting that microgames made by friends and family are more entertaining than those downloaded from anonymous people. However, both methods of exchanging games were eventually included in the game.
WarioWare D.I.Y. Showcase.
"WarioWare D.I.Y." also uses connectivity with a WiiWare title called "WarioWare D.I.Y. Showcase", known in Japan as and unofficially called "WarioWare: Do It Yourself Showcase" in PAL countries, allowing users to upload their creations to play on a big screen, and even upload them for contests. The game allows players to play up to 72 pre-made games, listen to pre-made music, or read pre-made comics. Players can also play, listen, or read the things they have already made. Along with that, users can fill out surveys for games that their friends have made. They can also download new content when it comes out and upload their games for other players to download. WarioWare D.I.Y. Showcase also includes an unlockable versus mode, but options are limited to shuffling every game, user-created and pre-made, alike.
Reception.
"WarioWare D.I.Y." holds a score of 82/100 on Metacritic, indicating generally favorable reviews. IGN gave the game an 'Outstanding' score of 9.0/10. Wiiloveit.com awarded the WiiWare download a similar grade, with a 27/30 (or 90%), claiming it's a "great compliment to the DS release". Additionally, British publication Official Nintendo Magazine gave the game a 92%.
Sales.
"Famitsu" reported that by May 31, 2009, "WarioWare D.I.Y." sold 156,692 units in Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="19570319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570319" title="63rd parallel north">
63rd parallel north

The 63rd parallel north is a circle of latitude that is 63 degrees north of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses the Atlantic Ocean, Europe, Asia and North America.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 63° north passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="19570335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570335" title="Masahiro Ohashi">
Masahiro Ohashi

Masahiro Ohashi (大橋 正博, born June 23, 1981 in Yokohama, Japan) is a Japanese football player. He is the third Japanese footballer who played in the K-League. Masahiro scored his first goal in the K-League in Gangwon FC, against Suwon Samsung Bluewings on May 2, 2009. He returned to Japan and join Mito Hollyhock. One year later, Masahiro re-joined Gangwon FC on March 11, 2011.
Honours.
Yokohama F. Marinos
Kawasaki Frontale
Club career statistics.
Last update: October 31, 2011

</doc>
<doc id="19570341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570341" title="Keith Gattis">
Keith Gattis

Keith Gattis (born May 26, 1971 in Georgetown, Texas) is an American country music artist. Gattis has released two studio albums. He also charted one single on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart: "Little Drops of My Heart", which peaked at No. 53 in 1996. Since being dropped from RCA, he has written songs for George Jones, Kid Rock, Randy Houser, Charlie Robison, Gary Allan, Ashley Monroe, Waylon Payne, Sara Evans and the Eli Young Band.
Kenny Chesney recorded two of Gattis' songs for his 2012 album "Welcome to the Fishbowl". One of these, "El Cerrito Place", was released as a single. Gattis also co-wrote Chesney's 2013 single "When I See This Bar", from the album "Life on a Rock", and George Strait's 2013 single "I Got a Car".

</doc>
<doc id="19570355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570355" title="Dana-i Menog Khrat">
Dana-i Menog Khrat

The Dana-i Menog-i khrat, (Persian:دانای مینوی خرد) or 'opinions of the spirit of wisdom', a Middle Persian book which was written about 8th century.
It comprises the replies of that spirit to sixty-two inquiries, or groups of inquiries, made by a certain wise man regarding various subjects connected with the Zoroastrian religion. This treatise contains about 11,000 words, and was long known, like the Shikand-gumanic Vichar (53), only through its Pazand version, prepared by a Persian zoroastrian writer, Neryosang in middle age. 
This book is translated to English by West in 1871. followed by a translation of the Pahlavi text in 1885.
Plot.
The book contains the conversation between a wise man and the Spirit of Wisdom (Menog-i-Khrat), each on answers the other's questions in philosophical and religious matters.

</doc>
<doc id="19570359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570359" title="Evgeny Mogilevsky">
Evgeny Mogilevsky

Evgeny Mogilevsky (born in 1945 in Odessa) is a Russian pianist. Son and pupil of Seraphima Mogilevsky at the Stolyarsky Music school in his hometown. Later studied with Heinrich Neuhaus and Yakov Zak at the Moscow Conservatory. Father of the pianists Maxim and Alexander Mogilevsky.
In 1964 at the age of 18 he became the third Soviet pianist to win the Queen Elisabeth Competition, after Emil Gilels and Vladimir Ashkenazy. He has had a significant career, including internationally (in the USA as a Sol Hurok artist). In the latter half of 1970s he performed throughout the world as a soloist with the USSR State Symphony Orchestra under Yevgeny Svetlanov. His recording of Rachmaninoff's 3rd Piano Concerto (Kirill Kondrashin conducting) won several prizes.
In 1992 began teaching at the Brussels Conservatory.
Alexander Mogilevsky, violinist, was the brother of his grandfather.

</doc>
<doc id="19570379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570379" title="Robert Sutherland (disambiguation)">
Robert Sutherland (disambiguation)

Robert Sutherland (1830-1878) was the first known graduate of colour at a Canadian university, and the first black man to study law in North America.
Robert Sutherland may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19570381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570381" title="Sterling Betancourt">
Sterling Betancourt

Sterling Betancourt MBE, FRSA (born 1 March 1930) is a Trinidad-born pioneer, inventor and musician on the steelpan, who now lives in London, England, where he has been vitally involved in building up Notting Hill Carnival.
Life.
Betancourt was born and raised in Laventille near Port of Spain, Trinidad. He was a steelpan tuner and a member of the steelband Crossfire. He began his career in the 1930s, and became a steelpan tuner and eventually leader of Crossfire, a steelband from the St James area. He played a large part in the development of steelpan in Trinidad,
Move to Europe.
Selected as a member of TASPO (Trinidad All-Steel Percussion Orchestra) to go to the Festival of Britain in 1951, Betancourt toured England and Europe with the band that year. He was the only musician of TASPO - whose members included Ellie Mannette and Winston "Spree" Simon - to remain on in England when the others returned to Trinidad on 12 December 1951. Together with Russell Henderson and Ralph Cherrie (later replaced by Mervyn Constantine), Betancourt formed the first steelband combo in the UK and performed all over London as well as in radio shows, jazz clubs and the BBC. He was one of the founders of the "pan-round-the-neck" steelband Nostalgia.
Betancourt has also taken steelpan to many other countries throughout Europe and Asia, including Switzerland, Hong Kong, Bahrain, Dubai, Abu Dhabi, Qatar, Casablanca, Indonesia, Germany, Spain, France, Oman, Italy, Sicily, Sweden and Norway. A 1976 performance he gave in a hotel in Switzerland inspired some locals to form their own Swiss group, which they called Tropefieber ("Tropical Fire").
Betancourt's calypso "Taspo's Story" features on the "RASPO Rhythms" CD by the Reading All Steel Percussion Orchestra (RASPO).
Awards.
Honours and awards that Betancourt has received include Trinidad and Tobago’s Scarlet Ibis award, a University of East London Honorary Fellowship in 1996, and membership of the FRSA for his commitment in promoting steelpan culture throughout the United Kingdom, and pioneering steelpan projects in English schools.
He was appointed as a Member of The Most Excellent Order of the British Empire in the New Year Honours 2002 "for services to the steel band movement". 
In 2012, on the occasion of the Trinidad and Tobago Independence Jubilee celebrations, he was a recipient of one of the Arts awards recognising citizens who made a positive contribution to the promotion and development of Trinidad and Tobago in the United Kingdom during the past 50 years, given at a gala dinner in London hosted by High Commissioner Garvin Nicholas.

</doc>
<doc id="19570398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570398" title="Josef Houben">
Josef Houben

Heinrich Hubert Maria Josef Houben (born 27. October 1875 in Waldfeucht (Rheinland) Germany, died 28. June 1940 in Tübingen) was a German chemist. He made achievements within ketone synthesis, terpenes, and camphor studies. After being wounded several times on the front lines in World War I, Houben was made head of the war laboratory. He improved the Hoesch reaction which is now normally called Houben-Hoesch reaction. Houben organized and made a major rework of the book Methods of Organic Chemistry which is now referred to as Houben-Weyl Methods of Organic Chemistry.
Life.
Houben studied at the University of Bonn and changed his subjects from mathematics and astronomy to chemistry under the influence of August Kekulé. He received his ph.D. for work with Julius Bredt in 1898. After some time at the University of Aachen and University of Bonn Houben joined the laboratory of Emil Fischer at the University of Berlin. After his habilitation in 1908 he stayed in Berlin until the beginning of World War I. Houben served in the army and after being wounded several times he became head of the war laboratory. After the war Houben became professor at the Biologische Reichsanstalt in Berlin Dahlem in 1921, a position he held until his forced retirement in 1933. Houben died din Tübingen in 1940.
Work.
During his time with Emil Fisher his research was focused on the Organomagnesium compounds, while in his time at the Biologischen Reichsanstalt Houben was improving the already known Hoesch reaction.

</doc>
<doc id="19570399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570399" title="64th parallel north">
64th parallel north

The 64th parallel north is a circle of latitude that is 64 degrees north of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses the Atlantic Ocean, Europe, Asia and North America.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 64° north passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="19570418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570418" title="Robert Telfer">
Robert Telfer

Robert Telfer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19570423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570423" title="Sound ranger">
Sound ranger

Sound rangers are military specialists who locate enemy artillery using sound. They use equipment such as super-sensitive microphones to pick up the sounds of firing. By using a combination of surveying techniques and trigonometry they then calculate the locations of enemy batteries. These results are then transmitted by radio to their own artillery, who used it for targeting.
Sound rangers were used extensively in the Second World War. Many of the officers were former surveyors, estate agents and geographers because of their surveying experience in civilian life. They would be located near the front line but not always among the firing line for their safety.

</doc>
<doc id="19570424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570424" title="Kris Tyler">
Kris Tyler

Kris Tyler (born in Omaha, Nebraska) is an American country music artist. Tyler has released one studio album; she also charted two singles on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart. Her highest charting single, "What a Woman Knows," peaked at No. 45 in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="19570473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570473" title="Ōura Kanetake">
Ōura Kanetake

Early life.
The Ōura family was hereditary retainers to a branch of the Shimazu clan of Satsuma Domain. As a Satsuma samurai, Ōura Kanetaka participated in the Boshin War and the suppression of the Ōuetsu Reppan Dōmei during the Meiji Restoration. Under the new Meiji government, he joined the fledgling Japanese police force, working his way up through the ranks until he became Assistant Police Inspector of the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department. In this capacity, he was field commander of the police forces sent to assist the fledgling Imperial Japanese Army in suppressing his fellow Satsuma countrymen in the Satsuma Rebellion.
Political career.
After serving as appointed governor of Shimane Prefecture (1893–1895), Yamaguchi Prefecture (1895–1896), Kumamoto Prefecture (1896–1898) and Miyazaki Prefecture (1898), Ōura was appointed Superintendent General of the Police, and was given a seat in the House of Peers of the Diet of Japan. In 1903, under the 1st Katsura administration, he became Minister of Communications. He then served as Minister of Agriculture and Commerce under the 2nd Katsura cabinet and was also chairman of the Japanese committee organizing the Japan–British Exhibition. He subsequently served as Home Minister under the 3rd Katsura cabinet and as both Minister of Agriculture and Trade and Home Minister under the 2nd Ōkuma administration.
Ōura scandal.
While in the Ōkuma administration, he was accused of perpetrating voting fraud in the Diet by bribing minor political party and undecided members to influence passage of a military spending bill introduced by Ōkuma. This incident came to be known as the Ōura scandal; he was forced to retire, and eventually the Ōkuma administration itself was brought down. 
Later life.
In his final years, Ōura served as chairman of the "Dai Nippon Butoku Kai". 
Ōura died in 1918 at the age of 68.

</doc>
<doc id="19570482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570482" title="66th parallel north">
66th parallel north

The 66th parallel north is a circle of latitude that is 66 degrees north of the Earth's equatorial plane, about 61 km south of the Arctic Circle. It crosses the Atlantic Ocean, Europe, Asia and North America.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 66° north passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="19570490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570490" title="Crusoe">
Crusoe

Crusoe may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19570499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570499" title="Helen Darling (singer)">
Helen Darling (singer)

Helen Darling (born May 1, 1965 in Baton Rouge, Louisiana) is an American country music artist. Darling has released one studio album on Decca Nashville. She also charted one single on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart; "Jenny Come Back," peaked at No. 69 in 1995.
Darling sang background vocals on Garth Brooks' 1994 single "The Red Strokes." Brooks returned the favor by singing background on Darling's album. Two years later, she sang "Love Led Us Here" for Disney's "Muppet Treasure Island" with John Berry in the credits.
As a songwriter, Darling has had her songs recorded by Reba McEntire, Little Big Town and Mindy McCready, among others. She also co-wrote Jo Dee Messina's Number One song "Bring On the Rain."

</doc>
<doc id="19570521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570521" title="HDCA">
HDCA

HDCA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19570526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570526" title="67th parallel north">
67th parallel north

The 67th parallel north is a circle of latitude that is 67 degrees north of the Earth's equatorial plane, about 50 km north of the Arctic Circle. It crosses the Atlantic Ocean, Europe, Asia and North America.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 67° north passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="19570537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570537" title="Shane Stockton">
Shane Stockton

Kelly Shane Brooks (born March 18, 1974, Breckenridge, Texas) is a former American country music artist who recorded under the name Shane Stockton. He recorded one album for Decca Records in 1998.
Biography.
Kelly Brooks was born in Breckenridge, Texas. His mother bought him a guitar when he was young, but he never seriously started playing it until she threatened to throw it away. He took inspiration from artists such as Johnny Cash, Merle Haggard and Roger Miller, and played clubs in his teenage years. After winning a contest sponsored by Future Farmers of America, he went to Nashville, Tennessee, and secured a contract with Decca Records in 1998.
Recording as Shane Stockton, Kelly released his debut single "What If I'm Right" that year. The song was also made into a music video which aired on CMT. Because Kelly's family did not have cable television, they had to view the video's debut at a Walmart store. In June 1998, Decca released his only album, "Stories I Could Tell". In support of the album, Kelly toured with George Strait, Clay Walker and Toby Keith. Stockton also sang with Buck Owens in Bakersfield, California. Owens sent him a two-page letter saying that he enjoyed the album. "What If I'm Right" peaked at number 54 on the country music charts, and the album's second single, "Gonna Have to Fall", reached number 51. One of Kelly's songs, "My Baby No Está Aquí No More", appeared on Ty England's 1999 album "Highways & Dance Halls". Kelly Brooks lost his recording contract in 1999 and has not recorded since. In 2001, once again going by the name Shane Brooks, he became a pastor at the Elgin Avenue Baptist Church in Lubbock, Texas, and remained there until the church disbanded.
Kelly Brooks now lives in Breckenridge, Texas, where he pastors a small church called LifeChurch.

</doc>
<doc id="19570539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570539" title="Argoed railway station">
Argoed railway station

Argoed railway station served the village of Argoed in the County Borough of Caerphilly, Wales. it succeeded the first Argoed station built by the Sirhowy Tramroad, which operated from 1822 to 1855.
History.
The station was opened on 19 June 1865 by the Sirhowy Railway, upon completion of the work to convert the former Sirhowy Tramroad (a plateway of gauge) into a normal standard-gauge railway. The company got into financial difficulties, and was leased to the London and North Western Railway in 1875. Therefore it became part of the London, Midland and Scottish Railway during the Grouping of 1923. It was renamed "Argoed Halt" on 29 September 1941. Passing on to the Western Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948, it was then closed by the British Transport Commission on 13 June 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="19570545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570545" title="68th parallel north">
68th parallel north

The 68th parallel north is a circle of latitude that is 68 degrees north of the Earth's equatorial plane, in the Arctic. It crosses the Atlantic Ocean, Europe, Asia and North America.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 68° north passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="19570553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570553" title="Robert Stewart Whipple">
Robert Stewart Whipple

Robert Stewart Whipple (1871-1953) was a businessman in the British scientific instrument trade, a collector of science books and scientific instruments, and an author on their history. He amassed a unique collection of antique scientific instruments that he later donated to found the Whipple Museum of the History of Science in Cambridge in 1944.
Whipple's father, George Mathews Whipple, was superintendent of the Royal Observatory at Kew, and Whipple began his career there as an assistant, before leaving to become assistant manager at instrument making firm L. P. Casella. Whipple moved to Cambridge in 1898 to take up the post of personal assistant to Horace Darwin, the founder of the Cambridge Scientific Instrument Company. Whipple spent the rest of his career there, rising to become Managing Director of the firm and later its Chairman. 
Whipple was a Founder-Fellow of the Institute of Physics, a Fellow of the Physical Society, where he served as Vice-President and Honorary Treasurer, and President of the British Optical Instrument Manufacturers' Association. He began collecting antique scientific instruments in 1913, eventually donating about a thousand instruments and a thousand antiquarian science books to the University of Cambridge in 1944. The collection formed the basis for the University's Whipple Museum of the History of Science, and has been displayed publicly on the same site since 1959. Whipple was keen that both the Museum and the Whipple Library play an active role in the teaching of history and philosophy of science, and both have remained at the centre of the Department of History and Philosophy of Science, University of Cambridge.

</doc>
<doc id="19570565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570565" title="Joseph Parrocel">
Joseph Parrocel

Joseph Parrocel (3 October 1646 – 1 March 1704) was a French Baroque painter, best known for his paintings and drawings of battle scenes.
He was born in Brignoles, into an artistic family that produced fourteen painters over six generations. His grandfather Georges Parrocel (1540- ca. 1614) (no surviving works) and his father Barthélemy Parrocel (1595–1660) were both painters. One badly restored painting of Bathélemy survives in the church of Saint-Sauveur in Brignoles, France. His brothers Jean Barthélemy Parrocel (1631–1653) (no surviving works) and Louis Parrocel (1634–1694) also became painters. He was soon noticed
He was only thirteen years old when his father died in 1660. His elder brother Louis, who was already established as a painter in the Languedoc, took him under his care and gave him a training as painter. Three years later he ran away from his brother's house to Marseilles. His talent as a painter became soon noticed and he got a commission for a number of paintings with scenes of the life of Saint Anthony of Padua for the church Saint-Martin. But he only executed two of them. it is also possible that he painted them during his second stay in the Provence.
He left for Paris and stayed there for four years, perfecting his skills. He then returned to the Provence and continued his journey to Italy, where he would stay for eight years.
In Rome he became the pupil of Jacques Courtois, a famous painter of battle scenes who was also known als "le Bourguignon" or "il Borgognone". He also studied the works of Salvator Rosa, an unorthodox proto-Romantic painter. Joseph Parrocel worked with him in his workshop and was thoroughly influenced by him, even if he gave his style later a more French touch.
Parrocel then started a journey through Italy and finally arrived in Venice. He was planning to settle in this town but after eight brigands had attempted to murder him on the Rialto Bridge, he left Italy in disgust.
He settled in Paris in 1675 and earned himself a reputation. He was accepted as an elected member at the Académie Royale de Peinture et de Sculpture on 29 February 1676 and he became an academician on 14 November 1676 with his admission piece "Siege of Maastricht". In 1703 he became a councillor at the Academy. As a member of the Academy, he would obtain royal commissions. However, Charles Le Brun, who headed the Academy, refused his cooperation in the paintings of scenes of the campaigns of king Louis XIV, designed to become tapestries in the Gobelins manufactory. However the French Secretary of State for War, the Marquis de Louvois recognized the talent of Parrocel and gave him the commission to paint one of the dining halls of Les Invalides in Paris with scenes of conquest by Louis XIV. This was appreciated and led to further prestigious commissions to decorate the Château de Marly and the Palace of Versailles.
During his lifetime, Joseph Parrocel participated in only one exhibition, the Salon of 1699, with twelve paintings. He died, aged 57, in Paris.
He is best known for his heroic battle scenes but painted also landscapes, historical pieces and religious works, such as "The temptation of St. Peter in the desert" (1694). He also produced paintings for the church "Notre-Dame des Victoires", the Hôtel de Soubise and the Hôtel de Toulouse, all in Paris. In 1700 he painted "The Fair at Bezons", a precursor of the "fêtes galantes" of Antoine Watteau. He was also one of the first to paint hunting scenes.
His differed from his contemporary academician Adam Frans van der Meulen by being more original and vivid in his execution. He applied broad, nervous layers with dazzling movements, using intense colours.
During his lifetime he produced more than 90 prints engravings, many of which are in the Louvre, Paris. His works are exhibited in many French museums, but also abroad in Hannover and in Quebec (Laval University).
Joseph Parrocel apprenticed his two sons Jean Joseph (1690–1774), who became a draughtsman and engineer, and Charles (1688–1752), who also became a painter and engraver, his nephews Jacques-Ignace (1667–1722) and Pierre (1670–1739), who both became painters and engravers.
A number of his paintings are now suggested to be early works of his nephew Jacques-Ignace Parrocel (1667–1722)

</doc>
<doc id="19570578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570578" title="69th parallel north">
69th parallel north

The 69th parallel north is a circle of latitude that is 69 degrees north of the Earth's equatorial plane, in the Arctic. It crosses the Atlantic Ocean, Europe, Asia and North America, and passes through some of the southern seas of the Arctic Ocean.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 69° north passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="19570595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570595" title="Paul Jefferson">
Paul Jefferson

Paul Jefferson (born August 15, 1961 in Woodside, California) is an American country music artist. Jefferson has released one studio album on Almo Sounds; he also charted three singles on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart. His highest charting single, "Check Please," co-written with singer songwriter Jon Michaels, peaked at No. 50 in 1996.
As a songwriter, Jefferson has had his songs recorded by Keith Urban, Little Texas and Buddy Jewell, among others. He also co-wrote Aaron Tippin's Number One song "That's as Close as I'll Get to Loving You." He is married to Canadian country singer Lisa Brokop. In 2010, Brokop and Jefferson formed The Jeffersons and released their debut album on June 7, 2011 via Royalty Records.

</doc>
<doc id="19570607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570607" title="The Media Show">
The Media Show

The Media Show is a British current affairs radio programme and podcast on BBC Radio 4 which examines the current state of the media. The first episode was broadcast at 13:30 on 1 October 2008, with episodes broadcast weekly. It is usually presented by Steve Hewlett, a columnist for "The Guardian" newspaper and visiting Professor of Journalism and Broadcast policy at the University of Salford., although the programme has also been presented by Emma Barnett. At times when Hewlett has not been present, Edward Stourton has acted as guest host. The series is seen by some as a replacement of "The Message", a previous BBC Radio 4 series covering the media hosted by Jenni Murray, that was axed earlier in 2008.
Structure.
"The Media Show" looks at various different kinds of media, including print, television, radio, online and telecommunications. It also features discussions into various media areas such as creativity, culture, censorship, business and ethics. Hewlett said of the programme that: "I hope the programme will be able to lift the lid on many of the current stories within the media, offering genuine insight and intelligence, making this show a must-listen for both those within the industry – but always accessible to a wider audience of those interested in a subject that affects all our lives."
Reception.
Reviews of "The Media Show" have been mixed. Elisabeth Mahoney in "The Guardian" said that she was pleased that the show covered, "a pleasing range of stories" and that it was better than "The Message" because, "It's better to have a BBC outsider hosting to insider Murray, and to place the show right in the middle of the week, allowing some looking back, but also some consideration of the unfolding media stories that will dominate the rest of the week." However, Mahoney criticised the way it dealt with the Russell Brand Show prank telephone calls row saying that, "you'd hope for in-depth analysis and insight. Instead, they left the story until last, and zipped through it."
The "Daily Telegraph" was cautious about the series before it was broadcast, in particular in relation to Hewlett, saying: "Can he voice on a BBC show such astringent comment on the Corporation's flaws as he does in print? His sources at Ofcom are enviable; will they dry up now he is inside the BBC? Ask me a year from now."
Special edition.
On November 14, 2012, the programme broadcast a one-hour long session. This was due to the controversy that the BBC was undergoing at the time, partly highlighted by the resignation of George Entwistle from his job as Director-General of the BBC.

</doc>
<doc id="19570615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570615" title="Yee (surname)">
Yee (surname)

As a surname, Yee or Ee may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19570654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570654" title="Joseph Rutherford">
Joseph Rutherford

Joseph Rutherford may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19570690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570690" title="Ivica Ančić">
Ivica Ančić

Ivica Ančić (born October 29, 1979) is a professional tennis player from Croatia. His younger siblings, Mario and Sanja, are also professional tennis players.
Tennis career.
Ančić was born in Split, at the time in SR Croatia, SFR Yugoslavia.
During his career, from 1996 until 2001, Ančić played Challenger and Futures tournaments. 
Twice however he did appear in a main draw match at the ATP Tour-level, both times in doubles. In his second-ever professional tour match in fact Ančić partnered Ivo Karlović in the 1997 Croatian Indoors Grand Prix event in Zagreb. The pair lost to eventual finalists Brent Haygarth and Mark Keil in a third set tie-break. A year later at the same tournament (but in Split), Ančić partnered another future Croatian star, Ivan Ljubičić in a first round lose to Dino Pescariu and Davide Sanguinetti, 3-6, 6-7. 
Ančić captured one Futures title, Croatia F1 in 2000 in doubles partnering his brother Mario. In May, 1997, he finished second in the Croatia #2 Satellite series, collecting 41 ATP Tour points in the process. 
As for grand slam tennis action, in 1998 Ančić lost in the first round of singles qualifying for the Australian Open, 2-6, 6-7(6) to No. 29 seed Doug Flach. 
Ančić's career highest singles ranking was World No. 378, which he reached October 27, 1997. His best doubles ranking was World No. 562, which he achieved April 20, 1998. His total career prize money is $10,208.
Since September 2011 he is the coach of Dutch tennis player Thiemo de Bakker.

</doc>
<doc id="19570695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570695" title="71st parallel north">
71st parallel north

The 71st parallel north is a circle of latitude that is 71 degrees north of the Earth's equatorial plane, in the Arctic. It crosses the Atlantic Ocean, Europe, Asia and North America, and passes through some of the southern seas of the Arctic Ocean.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 71° north passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="19570700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570700" title="Bejoording, Western Australia">
Bejoording, Western Australia

Bejoording is a small town in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia.
The first European to visit the area was George Fletcher Moore, who explored the area in 1836. Moore recorded the Aboriginal name of the area as Bejoording.
The land was earmarked to be developed as a townsite in 1839 and left vacant for that purpose. In 1856 the first lots were sold and the townsite was gazetted in 1899.

</doc>
<doc id="19570720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570720" title="Roy Shirley">
Roy Shirley

Ainsworth Roy Rushton Shirley (18 July 1944 – July 2008), better known simply as Roy Shirley, and also known as King Roy Shirley and The High Priest, was a Jamaican singer whose career spanned the ska, rocksteady and reggae eras, and whose "Hold Them" is regarded by some as the first ever rocksteady song. He was also one of the original members of The Uniques.
Biography.
Shirley was born on North Street in Kingston, Jamaica, on 18 July 1944, and grew up in Trench Town where he attended the Boys Town school, and after singing in his local church choir began his career performing in talent contests. His second prize performance on Vere Johns' talent show brought him to the attention of then Minister of Culture Edward Seaga and bandleader Byron Lee, who gave him work on shows that they promoted. 
After early recordings for producer Simeon L. Smith went unreleased, he moved on to work with Leslie Kong, who released his debut single "Oh Shirley", co-arranged with his friend Jimmy Cliff, giving him a hit in 1965. Shirley then formed The Leaders along with Ken Boothe, Joe White, and Chuck Josephs. This group was unsuccessful, but Shirley went on to join Slim Smith and Franklyn White in the original line-up of The Uniques. When this line-up folded, Shirley recorded "Hold Them" in 1966, credited as one of the first rocksteady songs, and inspired by the beat from a Salvation Army band. Shirley attempted to perform "Hold Them" to a ska beat, but unable to make it work, slowed down the rhythm. He initially attempted to record the song with Slim Smith and Ken Boothe for producer Joe Gibbs, but it didn't work out, with the other singers struggling to break away from the ska style, and Gladstone Anderson suggested to Gibbs that Shirley perform the song solo. The song became a massive hit in Jamaica, and Shirley recorded several more singles for Gibbs, including "Dance The Arena", "The World Needs Love", and "Music Is The Key", but these failed to match the success of the first single. Shirley moved on to work with Bunny Lee giving the producer his first hit with "Music Field", which was followed by others such as "Get on the Ball". Shirley's style draws heavily from American soul singers such as Solomon Burke. He became renowned for his ecstatic stage performances, often performing wearing a long silver cape with a high collar, and was described by the "Jamaica Observer" as "perhaps the most comedic performer to evolve out of Jamaican popular music". In late 1968, Shirley set up his own "Public" label and began self-production, releasing tracks such as "Prophecy Fulfilling", "Flying Reggae", and "On Board".
Shirley had another big hit in 1971 with "A Sugar" for Randy's. He toured the United Kingdom in 1972 with U-Roy and Max Romeo, and became based in the UK from 1973, setting up his "All Stars Artistic Federated Union" in 1976, with the aim of helping other artists to avoid some of the pitfalls of the music business. He released his first album in 1976, with "The Winner". He performed at Reggae Sunsplash in 1982, and was included on the album of performances from the festival. Shirley opened a record shop in Dalston, London, and in his later years he set up the British Universal Talent Development Association, with the aim of supporting talented but underprivileged youngsters. He continued to perform occasionally, and his last show was at the Sierra Nevada World Music Festival in June 2008.
Roy Shirley died at his home in Thamesmead, London, in July 2008, aged 63. A memorial concert was held on 30 August, featuring performances from the likes of Derrick Morgan, Dennis Alcapone, B. B. Seaton and Michael Prophet. With the assistance of the Jamaican government his body was returned to Jamaica, where he was buried and where a memorial service was held, attended by musicians including Ken Boothe and Dwight Pinkney and representatives of the government.

</doc>
<doc id="19570725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570725" title="Joseph Gerrish">
Joseph Gerrish

Joseph Gerrish (September 29, 1709 – June 3, 1774) was a soldier, merchant, judge and political figure in Nova Scotia. He was a member of the 1st General Assembly of Nova Scotia.
He was born in Boston, Massachusetts, the son of John Gerrish and Sarah Hobbes. He entered business with his father, a Boston merchant. In 1740, Gerrish married Mary Brenton. He served with the 3rd Massachusetts Regiment in the campaign against Louisbourg in 1745. With a partner, he supplied goods to the garrison at Annapolis Royal. In 1749, he moved to Halifax. He established a fishing business which failed and supported his family by farming. He served as justice of the peace and judge of the Inferior Court of Common Pleas. In 1759, he was named naval storekeeper for the royal shipyard. In the same year, he was named to the province's Council. With his brother Benjamin, he helped organize a boycott of the provincial assembly after lieutenant governor Jonathan Belcher did not renew the debtor's act in 1761. As a result, he was temporarily removed from office but reinstated after Belcher was replaced. In 1766, he was named surrogate judge in the vice admiralty court at Halifax. He married Mary Cradock in 1768 after the death of his first wife. Gerrish died in Halifax at the age of 64.

</doc>
<doc id="19570769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570769" title="72nd parallel north">
72nd parallel north

The 72nd parallel north is a circle of latitude that is 72 degrees north of the Earth's equatorial plane, in the Arctic. It crosses the Atlantic Ocean, Europe, Asia, the Arctic Ocean and North America.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 72° north passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="19570815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570815" title="Col Kinnear">
Col Kinnear

Colin 'Col' Kinnear is a former Australian rules football coach who coached the Sydney Swans in the VFL/AFL. He is the son of former Melbourne player Joe Kinnear.
Kinnear started his coaching career at Coburg in 1977 and was senor coach until the end of the 1980 season. He then joined Carlton in 1984, steering the reserves to premierships in 1986 and 1987. He was also assistant coach of the seniors during this period and helped them to the 1987 VFL premiership.
In 1989 he replaced Tom Hafey as coach of Sydney and the club finished a respectable seventh in his first year in charge. They struggled over the next two seasons and in 1992 Kinnear lost his job to Gary Buckenara.
He returned to Carlton after his Sydney stint ended and served the Blues in a variety of positions, including Chairman of the Match Committee, Football Manager, General Manager of Football Operations and General Manager of Special Projects.

</doc>
<doc id="19570842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570842" title="73rd parallel north">
73rd parallel north

The 73rd parallel north is a circle of latitude that is 73 degrees north of the Earth's equatorial plane, in the Arctic. It crosses the Atlantic Ocean, Europe, Asia, the Arctic Ocean and North America.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 73° north passes through:
Greenland.
Between 1776 and 1950, the 73rd parallel formed the northern limit of the Royal Greenland Trade Department's exclusive monopoly on trade near the Dano-Norwegian and later Danish colonies of Greenland (1776–1782) and North Greenland (1782–1950).

</doc>
<doc id="19570855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570855" title="Cultural arts">
Cultural arts

Cultural arts refer to transformation and a collaboration of different art forms. The term embodies creative thinking and critique, which encompasses the analyses of contemporary visual culture alongside other art forms i.e. visual art, literature, music, theatre, film, dance, etc. Cultural arts help to explain the world in which we live, worldview and often challenge current ideas, thoughts and practice. In general, cultural arts are multidisciplinary, interdisciplinary and cross-genre. Cultural arts are less about definition and more about meaning and making sense of our current environment through an exploration of creativity. Sometimes known as multificational-cultural arts.

</doc>
<doc id="19570860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570860" title="House Peters, Jr.">
House Peters, Jr.

Robert House Peters, Jr. (12 January 1916 – 1 October 2008) was an American character actor most noted for his roles in 1950s B movies and westerns. He is perhaps best remembered as the face and body of Mr. Clean in the Procter and Gamble cleaning product commercials of the era.
Biography.
Peters was born in New Rochelle, New York to actors House Peters, Sr., a major leading man in the silent era, and Mae King. In a career that spanned 1935–1967, he appeared in many films, primarily as the "heavy," or villain. He appeared in television series including "Perry Mason", "Gunsmoke", "The Twilight Zone" and "Lassie".
From the late 1950s into the 1960s, Peters Jr. played Mr. Clean in television commercials for the product.
Peters was married to Lucy Peters from 1946 until his death; they had three children. He died of pneumonia at the Motion Picture and Television Fund Hospital in Los Angeles, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19570879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570879" title="Piston effect">
Piston effect

Piston effect refers to the forced air flow inside a tunnel caused by moving vehicles.
Cause of the effect.
In open air, when a vehicle travels along, air pushed aside can move in any direction except into the ground. Inside a tunnel, air is confined by the tunnel walls to move along the tunnel. Behind the moving vehicle, as air has been pushed away, suction is created, and air is pulled to flow into the tunnel. This movement of air by the train is analogous to the operation of a mechanical piston as inside a reciprocating compressor gas pump, hence the name 'piston effect', as well as to the pressure fluctuations inside drainage pipes as waste water pushes air in front of it. In addition, because of fluid viscosity, the surface of the vehicle also drags the air to flow with vehicle, a force experienced as skin drag by the vehicle.
The piston effect is very pronounced in railway tunnels, because the cross sectional area of train is large and almost completely fills the whole tunnel cross section. The wind felt by the passengers on underground train station platforms (that do not have platform screen doors installed) when a train is approaching is air flow from the piston effect. The effect is less pronounced in road vehicle tunnel, as the cross-sectional area of vehicle is small compared to the total cross-sectional area of the tunnel.
Air flow caused by the piston effect can exert large forces on the installations inside the tunnel and so these installations have to be carefully designed and installed properly. Non-return dampers are sometimes needed to prevent stalling of ventilation fans caused by this air flow.
Applications.
Piston effect is used in tunnel ventilation. In railway tunnels, the train pushes out the air in front of it toward the closest ventilation shaft in front, and sucks air into the tunnel from the closest ventilation shaft behind it. Piston effect can also assist the ventilation in road vehicle tunnels.
In high speed railway tunnels, piston effect can cause a so-called sonic boom, or micro-pressure wave, to occur. The compression wave generated travels along the tunnel and when it flows out the portal, noise is generated. The ventilation system must be capable of venting this compression wave.

</doc>
<doc id="19570889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570889" title="74th parallel north">
74th parallel north

The 74th parallel north is a circle of latitude that is 74 degrees north of the Earth's equatorial plane, in the Arctic. It crosses the Atlantic Ocean, Europe, Asia, the Arctic Ocean, and North America.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 74° north passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="19570892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570892" title="Estelle Kohler">
Estelle Kohler

Estelle Kohler (born 28 March 1940) is a British theatre and television actress. Born in South Africa, Kohler made a name for herself as a Shakespearean actor in England. She is a graduate of Royal Academy of Dramatic Art, of which she is an Associate Member, and was nominated a Laurence Olivier Award in 2000 for her performance as Paulina in the Barbican Centre's production of "The Winter's Tale" (1999 season). Her voice is featured in several audio books by Naxos Audiobooks.

</doc>
<doc id="19570924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570924" title="75th parallel north">
75th parallel north

The 75th parallel north is a circle of latitude that is 75 degrees north of the Earth's equatorial plane, in the Arctic. It crosses the Atlantic Ocean, Europe, Asia, the Arctic Ocean and North America.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 75° north passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="19570940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570940" title="900s">
900s

900s may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19570974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570974" title="76th parallel north">
76th parallel north

The 76th parallel north is a circle of latitude that is 76 degrees north of the Earth's equatorial plane, in the Arctic. It crosses the Atlantic Ocean, Europe, Asia, the Arctic Ocean and North America.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 76° north passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="19570976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570976" title="8½ (Plan 9)">
8½ (Plan 9)

8½ is a window system developed for the Plan 9 from Bell Labs operating system by Rob Pike. According to its documentation, the system has "little graphical fanciness", a "fixed user interface", and depends on a three-button mouse. Like much of the Plan 9 operating system, many operations work by reading and writing to special files.
Because of the limitations stemming from its unusual implementation, 8½ has been completely rewritten into its successor rio in recent Plan 9 versions.

</doc>
<doc id="19570978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570978" title="800s">
800s

800s may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19570980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19570980" title="Philip Augustus Knaut">
Philip Augustus Knaut

Philip Augustus Knaut (1716 – December 28, 1781) was a German-born merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia. He was a member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly for Lunenburg from 1758 to 1781.
He was born in the Electorate of Saxony and first came to Nova Scotia with Edward Cornwallis in 1749. In 1750, he married Anna Grob. Knaut settled in Lunenburg in 1753, where he became one of the first shopkeepers there. He was justice of the peace, an officer in the militia and coroner; he also operated a sawmill. Benjamin Gerrish chose Knaut as his agent at Lunenburg for trading with the First Nations people. Knaut married Jane Brimner in 1781 after the death of his first wife. He died in office in Lunenburg. John Newton, collector of impost and excise at Halifax, who had married Knaut's daughter Catherine, inherited control of Knaut's estate.
His widow married John Bolman, who also served in the provincial assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="19571009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571009" title="700s">
700s

700s may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19571029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571029" title="600s">
600s

600s may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19571040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571040" title="77th parallel north">
77th parallel north

The 77th parallel north is a circle of latitude that is 77 degrees north of the Earth's equatorial plane, in the Arctic. It crosses the Atlantic Ocean, Europe, Asia, the Arctic Ocean and North America.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 77° north passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="19571049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571049" title="500s">
500s

500s may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19571081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571081" title="78th parallel north">
78th parallel north

The 78th parallel north is a circle of latitude that is 78 degrees north of the Earth's equatorial plane, in the Arctic. It crosses the Atlantic Ocean, Europe, Asia, the Arctic Ocean and North America.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 78° north passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="19571095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571095" title="Château Franc Mayne">
Château Franc Mayne

Château Franc Mayne is a Bordeaux wine from the Appellation d'origine contrôlée of Saint-Émilion, ranked "Grand cru classé" in the Classification of Saint-Émilion wine. The estate is located on the Right Bank of France's Bordeaux wine region, in the commune of Saint-Émilion and only a kilometre away from the medieval village. The main house is a typical 18th century "Maison girondine".
History.
Château Franc Mayne was bought by AXA-Millésimes in 1984 from the nephew of a Libourne négociant by the name of Theillasoubre, who had owned it for some years, and died with no descendants. In June 1996, the château was sold to a Belgian entrepreneur named Georgy Fourcroy.
Since 2005 Château Franc Mayne has been owned by Griet & Hervé Laviale. There have been major renovations both in the main house and the wine making facilities, with a new vat house containing wooden and stainless steel vats. The property also comprises 2 hectares of underground quarries.
Production.
As with most Saint-Émilion wines Franc Mayne is produced mostly from Merlot grapes. Yields are limited to 38 hl/ha, and the grapes are hand-picked, with successive sorting in the vineyard and in the winery (by Triebaie sorting machine). Malolactic fermentation takes place in new oak barrels.
Apart from its first wine Château Franc Mayne Grand Cru Classé, the estate also produces a second wine, Les Cèdres de Franc Mayne. It is produced from the same terroir as the Grand Vin but from younger vines, and is accessible at an earlier stage than Château Franc Mayne.

</doc>
<doc id="19571096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571096" title="79th parallel north">
79th parallel north

The 79th parallel north is a circle of latitude that is 79 degrees north of the Earth's equatorial plane, in the Arctic. It crosses the Atlantic Ocean, Europe, Asia, the Arctic Ocean and North America.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 79° north passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="19571102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571102" title="400s">
400s

400s may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19571114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571114" title="300s">
300s

300s may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19571123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571123" title="Instrument maker">
Instrument maker

Instrument maker can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19571127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571127" title="200s">
200s

200s may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19571132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571132" title="80th parallel north">
80th parallel north

The 80th parallel north is a circle of latitude that is 80 degrees north of the Earth's equatorial plane, in the Arctic. It crosses the Atlantic Ocean, Europe, Asia, the Arctic Ocean and North America.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 80° north passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="19571133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571133" title="Robert MacPherson (BMX rider)">
Robert MacPherson (BMX rider)

Robert D. MacPherson (born February 9, 1971 from Norwalk, California USA) is a former professional American "Old/Mid School" Bicycle Motocross (BMX) racer whose prime competitive years were from 1995 to 2001. His nicknames were "MacFearsome", and "Big Mac".
Racing career milestones.
Note: Professional firsts are on the national level unless otherwise indicated.
Started racing: MacPherson started racing in 1976 at the age of four, where crashed on his first lap around the track in practice. He didn't attempt to race again until 1981, and this time he did not qualify. In his third race he got fourth place. He had a successful child amateur career after that, and then left the sport in late 1986 at 15 years of age. He resumed racing in 1994 with the ABA Fall Nationals in Burbank, California on October 21–23, 1994.
Sanctioning body district(s): American Bicycle Association (ABA) California 9 (CA-9) (1983), CA-22 (1985)
First race result: Did not qualify in 1981.
Turned professional: November 1995, moments after his victory in becoming National No.1 Amateur at the ABA grand nationals. He was 23 years old.
First professional race result: Eighth place (last) in Superclass at the National Bicycle League (NBL) Christmas Classic in Columbus, Ohio on December 28, 1995 (Day 1).
Retired: MacPherson first retired after the 1986 ABA grand nationals to pursue football. He resumed racing in 1994 after an eight-year layoff at 23 years old. He missed the travel and camaraderie. He retired again in December 2002 to spend more time with his daughter.
Career factory and major bike shop sponsors.
Note: This listing only denotes the racer's primary sponsors. At any given time a racer could have numerous ever changing co-sponsors. Primary sponsorships can be verified by BMX press coverage and sponsor's advertisements at the time in question. When possible exact dates are used.
Career bicycle motocross titles.
Note: Listed are District, State/Provincial/Department, Regional, National, and International titles in "italics". Depending on point totals of individual racers, winners of Grand Nationals do not necessarily win National titles. Only sanctioning bodies active during the racer's career are listed.
Amateur.
National Bicycle Association (NBA)
National Bicycle League (NBL)
American Bicycle Association (ABA)
United States Bicycle Motocross Association (USBA)
International Bicycle Motocross Federation (IBMXF)*
United States Cycling Federation (USCF)
Independent Events, Race Series and Invitationals
Professional.
American Bicycle Association (ABA)
Pro Series Championships
BMX magazine covers.
Note: Only magazines that were in publication at the time of the racer's career(s) are listed unless specifically noted.
BMX Plus!:
ABA Action, American BMXer, BMXer (the official membership publication of the ABA under three different names):

</doc>
<doc id="19571135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571135" title="Sebastian Zouberbuhler">
Sebastian Zouberbuhler

Sebastian Zouberbuhler (ca 1710 – January 31, 1773) was a merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia. Believed to have been born in Switzerland, he represented Lunenburg township in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1759 to 1763.
He worked as an agent for Samuel Waldo, who speculated in land, in South Carolina and Massachusetts (including what is now the state of Maine) during the 1730s. He served in the 2nd Massachusetts Regiment in the attack on Louisbourg. Zouberbuhler traded at Louisbourg during the British occupation, moving to Halifax around 1750. In 1753, with John Creighton, he was sent by Governor Peregrine Thomas Hopson to Lunenburg. In 1763, he was named to the province's Council. Zouberbuhler was involved in the local timber trade and also speculated in land. He also served as the local magistrate. He died, probably of gout, in Lunenburg in 1773.

</doc>
<doc id="19571138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571138" title="100s">
100s

100s may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19571142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571142" title="Degam">
Degam

Degam is a village in Valsad District in the state of Gujarat, India. The population is around 3000.
The nearest city is Valsad and the nearest town is Billimora. Some of the divisions within Degam are named:
There is one small temple in the village along with a few shops. There are no other businesses in the area. This means that the younger generations have to seek work in the nearby towns.
Degam is mainly populated by two main communities; former landowners and farmers known “anavils” who all share the surnames of Desais, and artisans like potters, carpenters, tailors etc. most of whom share the surnames of Mistry, Prajapati and Lad. The other residents are Gujarati Muslims and people whom the Indian Government determine to be backward classes.
Degam has recently added to its credit a new community centre at the cost of 1.5 crores entirely out of the resources of Mistrys or Prajapatis resident in Degam and those who emigrated to UK, USA, Canada and South Africa
See Degam.org.uk
External links.
Degam has Sahakari mandali,Telephone Exchange,Stone mines,Petrol Pump,Sugarcan and mango farms.

</doc>
<doc id="19571145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571145" title="Malana Dagar">
Malana Dagar

Malana Dagar is a small village in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is located at 32°7'0N 71°14'0E with an altitude of 187 metres and is situated on the main road of Bhakkar, 4 km away from Kallur Kot on the bank of the Sindh river. The population of Mallana Daggar is approximately 2000. The number of registered voters is 1200. Most of the people speak Saraiki, although some also speak Punjabi.
The main source of income is agriculture and most of the families have their own lands for cultivation. The most commonly cultivated crops are cotton, wheat, sugarcane and water melons.

</doc>
<doc id="19571155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571155" title="81st parallel north">
81st parallel north

The 81st parallel north is a circle of latitude that is 81 degrees north of the Earth's equatorial plane, in the Arctic. It crosses the Atlantic Ocean, the Arctic Ocean, Europe, Asia and North America.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 81° north passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="19571156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571156" title="Iska's Journey">
Iska's Journey

Iszka utazása () is a |2007 Hungarian film directed by Csaba Bollók and stars newcomer Mária Varga. The film is the result of director Bollók's accidental meeting with a 14-year-old street child, Maria Varga, living in a coal mining town of the Southern Carpathians.
Synopsis.
The story follows her journey from her small town to the Black Sea, where she becomes a victim of ’human trafficking’. Street children play amongst themselves in this story, which is full of their vitality and eagerness to escape their fate.
Distribution and response.
The film was first screened in February 2007 at the Hungarian Film Festival, where it ended up as the surprise winner of the Grand Prize. After its international premier at the Berlinale in 2007, Iska's Journey was received on the international festival circuit as a huge success. More than 50 European, Asian, and American film festivals have presented Bollók’s feature to date. Following its North American premier in Seattle last year, Iska's Journey was presented in Chicago, Cleveland, Toronto, Palm Springs and Vancouver.
It was commercially released in Hungary on November 22, 2007. The film was chosen as Hungary's official submission to the 81st Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film.

</doc>
<doc id="19571169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571169" title="Hand That Rocks the Cradle">
Hand That Rocks the Cradle

Hand That Rocks the Cradle is an American silent film released in 1917. It was written, produced and directed by the husband and wife team Phillips Smalley and Lois Weber, who also play the lead roles. It was made in Hollywood under the working title "Is a Woman a Person?" 
The plot follows the careers of a husband and wife pair of activists campaigning for sex education and family planning. The events in the film were largely inspired by the trial of Margaret Sanger.
The film was an unofficial sequel to "Where Are My Children?", a 1916 film by the same team, and has been classified as a lost film. It was not a commercial success upon its release, and Weber later claimed to be unhappy with the finished product.

</doc>
<doc id="19571193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571193" title="82nd parallel north">
82nd parallel north

The 82nd parallel north is a circle of latitude that is 82 degrees north of the Earth's equatorial plane, in the Arctic. It passes through the Arctic Ocean and North America.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 82° north passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="19571208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571208" title="Taigum Square Shopping Centre">
Taigum Square Shopping Centre

Taigum Square Shopping Centre is a sub-regional shopping centre located in Taigum, a suburb of Brisbane in the state of Queensland, Australia. Owned by Federation Limited, the centre is located on Beams Road, providing access via Gympie and Sandgate Roads. It is anchored by Woolworths, Big W, Homeart and Best & Less, and incorporates 77 specialty stores on the premises.
History.
Taigum Square was first opened to the public in 1982 as the "Taigum Central Shopping Centre". In 2001, Centro Properties Group undertook a major redevelopment of the centre, spending $70 million to incorporate the Big W and Best & Less stores, as well as increasing the number of specialty stores on the site. The new centre was opened to the public on 29 October 2001. The renaming from Taigum Central to Centro Taigum occurred two years later, in July 2003. Taigum Square was one of the first of Centro's centres to be renamed as part of a rebranding exercise.
After being the runner-up for the sub-regional category in the 2003 Queensland Shopping Centre Awards, Taigum Square went on to win the category in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19571223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571223" title="Celio Calcagnini">
Celio Calcagnini

Celio Calcagnini (Ferrara, 17 September 1479 – Ferrara, 24 April 1541), also known as Caelius Calcagninus, was an Italian humanist and scientist from Ferrara. His learning as displayed in his collected works is very broad.
He had a wide experience: as soldier, academic, diplomat and in the chancery of Ippolito d'Este. He was consulted by Richard Croke on behalf of Henry VIII of England in the question of the latter's divorce. He was a major influence on Rabelais's literary and linguistic ideas and is presumed to have met him in Italy, as well as being a teacher of Clément Marot and was praised by Erasmus.
Giovanni Battista Giraldi was a student of his, and succeeded him at the University of Ferrara.
He had a contemporary reputation as an astronomer, and wrote on the rotation of the earth. He knew Copernicus in Ferrara at the beginning of the sixteenth century. His "Quod Caelum Stet, Terra Moveatur" is a precursor of the "De Revolutionibus" of Copernicus, though A. C. Crombie qualifies his rotational theory as "vague", and is often dated to about 1525.

</doc>
<doc id="19571226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571226" title="83rd parallel north">
83rd parallel north

The 83rd parallel north is a circle of latitude that is 83 degrees north of the Earth's equatorial plane, in the Arctic. It passes through the Arctic Ocean and North America.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 83° north passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="19571233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571233" title="Hisanori Takada">
Hisanori Takada

Career.
In 2006, when he returned to Japan from Germany, he had to work in the stables to make a living. He had to wake up at 5am every morning to clean up the stables.
Hong Kong Rangers.
Hisanori Takada signed for Hong Kong Rangers in 2007, but he only made a total of 2 appearances for the club.
Persitara.
In 2011, Hisanori Takada played for Persitara in the Indonesia Super League before returning to Japan.
TSW Pegasus.
Hisanori finished his 3 month contract with Persitara and then became a free agent. He returned to Hong Kong to train with Citizen. He went to the 2010-11 Hong Kong Senior Challenge Shield final, then uploaded a match video to youtube and telling people that he was looking for a club on facebook. In the end he joined TSW Pegasus in the summer of 2011.
Advertising.
Hisanori Takada appeared in Hongkong Post's advertising campaign. Takada said it was a part-time job he found during the summer break.

</doc>
<doc id="19571234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571234" title="Valmont (river)">
Valmont (river)

The river Valmont is one of the small rivers that flow from the plateau of the Pays de Caux into the English Channel. 
The river rises at an altitude of 56m at the commune of Valmont at a place called "le Vivier". It takes a northwest orientation and falls by a slope of 2,8%, passing through the commune of Colleville before joining the sea via the port of Fécamp. 
Notes.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19571245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571245" title="Sammarinese general election, 2008">
Sammarinese general election, 2008

A snap general election was held in San Marino on 9 November 2008. Elections were called after the collapse of the centre-left majority which had won the previous 2006 election.
In June 2008, due to disagreements within the coalition partners, the Party of Socialists and Democrats (PSD), Popular Alliance (AP) and United Left (SU), AP left the coalition and the cabinet fell down. The PSD tried to form a narrow-majority coalition with SU and Sammarinese for Freedom (SpL), but two dissenting members of PSD left their party and formed Arengo and Freedom (AL), leaving the proposed coalition without a majority in Parliament.
Due to the new electoral law passed earlier in 2008 which introduced a number of changes (an electoral threshold of 3.5% and a majority premium for the winning coalition, on the example of the electoral system for the Italian cities), the election was contested by two major coalitions: Pact for San Marino (centre-right) and Reforms and Freedom (centre-left).
Coalitions and parties.
Due to the new electoral law, Sammarinese political parties are organized in two major coalitions:
References.
Sammarinese general election, 2008

</doc>
<doc id="19571254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571254" title="Druid of Colchester">
Druid of Colchester

The grave of the "Druid of Colchester" was discovered by archaeologists in 1996. The find, at the village of Stanway, Essex, near Colchester, is believed to be that of an Iron Age druid dated c. 40-60 AD. It is among a number of graves of eminent people found, believed to be buried around the time of the Roman invasion of Britain in 43 AD. The area was then associated with the Catuvellauni tribe. 
In the wooden chambered burial site, archaeologists uncovered cremated human remains, and a board game - the first time that such a game has been found virtually intact. Other items uncovered included a cloak decorated with brooches, a jet bead believed to have magical properties, medical equipment, a tea strainer still containing some kind of herbal brew, and some mysterious metal poles believed to be used for divining.
This Medical kit consisted of 13 instruments including scalpels, sharp and blunt retractors, needles, a probe and surgical saw, hooks and forceps.
A cup was also found with traces of Mugwort, some people suggest that herbs, such as Mugwort, were smoked to stimulate psychic powers. The teas strainer also contained herbs commonly associated with herbal remedies in ancient times. Philip Crummy, director of the trust, remained cautious, adding that there may be other explanations. "In the report we draw the possibility that this man or woman was a druid," he said. "The so-called druid could have been a doctor. The tea strainer contains artemisia pollen, which is commonly associated with herbal remedies. Healing is an attribute given to druids. We don't know what the metal rods are for, but we think they could have been used for divining. The question is whether all that stacks up to him being a druid. It could be – it was certainly somebody special."
The medical kit was "fairly Romanized" and the individual may have acted "like a Roman surgeon/doctor would have done." "Divination was widely practiced in the Roman world too," he added. Because of the site’s age and location, archaeologist Mike Pitts believes the person was indeed a Celtic Druid and could have been closely related to Cunobelinus, a chief or king of the Catuvellauni tribe." 
The Stanway Game.
The grave contained a board game, with the glass counters laid out as if in play. Surviving metal corners and hinges from the 'game' board allowed a reconstruction to be created, it is believed to be 55cm by 40 (21" x 15") and rectangle with play over a board of 8x12 squares. Dr Irving Finkel, Assistant Keeper of the Ancient Mesopotamia collection in the Middle East department of the British Museum, speculates that, in the absence of dice, the game is one of strategy. 
The white and blue glass counters, 13 for each player, were ranged against each other, similar to a Chess opening. All pieces were of equal size except for a single smaller white bead, the only piece positioned close to the board centre. 
Some people believe this board may also have been used along with the metal rods for divining purposes.
A detailed analysis of the game is provided by Ulrich Schädler in "The Doctor's Game: New Light on the History of Ancient Board Games" which is his contribution to Crummy, "et al" (2007) "Stanway: An Elite Burial Site at" Camulodunum'. Society for the Promotion of Roman Studies.

</doc>
<doc id="19571279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571279" title="Pact for San Marino">
Pact for San Marino

Pact for San Marino () was a centrist coalition of parties for the 2008 general election in San Marino.
It was composed of four lists for a total of eight parties:
Election results and summary.
The electoral coalition won 35 seats out of 60 in the Grand and General Council in the Sammarinese parliamentary election, 2008 gaining 54.22% of the national vote and an automatic governmental majority of 5 and became the new government of San Marino with Ernesto Benedettini of the Sammarinese Christian Democratic Party and Assunta Meloni of Popular Alliance becoming Captains Regent of San Marino, defeating the left-wing Reforms and Freedom coalition which gained 25 seats in the Grand and General council and failed to get a governing majority. Pact for San Marino replaced the previous left-wing governing coalition of Party of Socialists and Democrats, United Left and Popular Alliance.
The alliance collapsed in 2011, with San Marino returning to the old governing alliance between Christian Democrats, Socialists and Liberals.

</doc>
<doc id="19571306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571306" title="Reforms and Freedom">
Reforms and Freedom

Reforms and Freedom () was a left-wing coalition of parties for the 2008 general election in San Marino.
It was composed of three lists for a total of five parties:
Election results and summary.
The electoral coalition won 25 seats out of 60 in the Grand and General Council in the Sammarinese parliamentary election, 2008 gaining 45.78% of the national vote but failed to gain a governmental majority. As a result the coalition became the opposition to the new government of the right-wing coalition of Pact for San Marino.
After the political crisis of 2011, the alliance was disbanded, the Party of Socialists and Democrats joining their ancient opponents into a government of national unity.

</doc>
<doc id="19571332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571332" title="German submarine U-131">
German submarine U-131

U-131 may refer to one of the following German submarines:

</doc>
<doc id="19571344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571344" title="United States Air Force Warfare Center">
United States Air Force Warfare Center

The United States Air Force Warfare Center (USAFWC) at Nellis Air Force Base, Nevada, reports directly to Air Combat Command. The Center was founded 1 September 1966, as the U.S. Air Force Tactical Fighter Weapons Center. It was renamed the U.S. Air Force Warfare Center in 2005.
Overview.
The United States Air Force Warfare Center manages advanced pilot training and integrates many of the Air Force's test and evaluation requirements. It was established in 1966 as the USAF Tactical Fighter Weapons Center which concentrated on the development of forces and weapons systems that were specifically geared to tactical air operations in conventional (non-nuclear) war and contingencies. It continued to perform this mission for nearly thirty years, undergoing several name changes in the 1990s. In 1991, the center became the USAF Fighter Weapons Center, and then the USAF Weapons and Tactics Center in 1992.
The Air Warfare Center uses the lands on Nellis Air Force Range Complex – which occupies about three million acres (12,000 km²) of land, the largest such range in the United States, and another five-million-acre (20,000 km²) military operating area which is shared with civilian aircraft. The center also uses Eglin AFB, FL, range, which adds even greater depth to the center's capabilities, providing over water and additional electronic expertise to the center.
The Air Warfare Center oversees operations of the 57th Wing, the 98th Range and 99th Air Base Wings at Nellis AFB, Nevada; the 53rd Wing at Eglin Air Force Base, Florida, and the 505th Command and Control Wing at Hurlburt Field, Florida.
History.
The Vietnam War had begun by the mid 1960s, and Tactical Air Command needed to improve technical and operational skills for the widening war. TAC established the Tactical Fighter Weapons Center at Nellis Air Force Base, NV in 1966, for fighter operations. Nellis had been the "Home of the Fighter Pilot" since the Korean War days of the early 1950s, and conducted postgraduate fighter training and operational testing and evaluation of fighter weapons systems. Additionally, the Nellis range, largest in the free world, complemented the new Center's mission.
Units assigned.
Operational units assigned to the USAFWC have been:
Wing
Groups
Squadrons
Aircraft flown.
source

</doc>
<doc id="19571384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571384" title="Keck Hospital of USC">
Keck Hospital of USC

The Keck Hospital of USC (formerly USC University Hospital) is a private teaching hospital, part of the Keck School of Medicine, located on the University of Southern California Health Sciences Campus adjacent to the Los Angeles County-USC Medical Center in East Los Angeles, Los Angeles, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19571419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571419" title="Samuel Waldo">
Samuel Waldo

Brigadier-General Samuel Waldo (August 7, 1696 – May 23, 1759) was a wealthy merchant, land speculator, soldier and political figure in the Province of Massachusetts Bay.
He was born in Boston, the son of Jonathan Waldo and Hannah Mason. In 1722, he married Lucy Wainwright. In 1730, he purchased a 17th-century title to a large tract of land in Nova Scotia with the intent of establishing a colony there; the title did not stand up when he proposed this plan to the authorities in England. A one-time business partner of Colonel Thomas Westbrook, Waldo acquired a large tract of land between the Penobscot and Muscongus Rivers in what is now Maine where he settled Irish and German immigrants.
During King George's War, he served as brigadier-general in the attack on Fortress Louisbourg in 1745 and served on the temporary council that administered the settlement until Peter Warren was named governor. In 1757, during the French and Indian War, he submitted a plan to William Pitt which served as a basis for the second capture of Louisbourg from the French the following year. Waldo died of apoplexy near present-day Bangor, Maine in 1759 while participating in a military expedition with Governor Thomas Pownall. He was initially buried at Fort Pownall (at Cape Jellison), but his remains were transported to Boston in 1760 and interred at the King's Chapel Burying Ground.
The Maine towns of Waldo and Waldoboro, together with Waldo County, are named for their early proprietor.

</doc>
<doc id="19571427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571427" title="Sibylla of Burgundy, Duchess of Burgundy">
Sibylla of Burgundy, Duchess of Burgundy

Sybilla of Burgundy (1065–1103), Duchess consort of Burgundy, was a French noblewoman. She was a daughter of William I, Count of Burgundy and Stephanie. She was married to Eudes I, Duke of Burgundy in 1080. A notable descendant of hers is Marie Antoinette.
Children: 

</doc>
<doc id="19571445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571445" title="George of Evdokia">
George of Evdokia

George of Evdokia (born George Wagner March 10, 1930, Berlin, Germany–April 6, 1993 Paris) was an Eastern Orthodox archbishop of the Ecumenical Patriarchate who led the Patriarchal Exarchate for Orthodox Parishes of Russian Tradition in Western Europe from 1981 to 1993. 
Having studied theology at the St. Sergius Orthodox Theological Institute in Paris (where he later served as a professor), he was ordained in 1955 into the Russian Orthodox Church for service in that city. 
He became a monk in March 1971. In October that year he was consecrated as an assistant bishop to Archbishop George Tarassov. In May 1981, he was elected to be the successor of Archbishop George as head of the exarchate, a capacity in which he served until his death in Paris on April 6, 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="19571459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571459" title="German submarine U-134">
German submarine U-134

U-134 may refer to one of the following German submarines:

</doc>
<doc id="19571465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571465" title="Weakly symmetric space">
Weakly symmetric space

In mathematics, a weakly symmetric space is a notion introduced by the Norwegian mathematician Atle Selberg in the 1950s as a generalisation of symmetric space, due to Élie Cartan. Geometrically the spaces are defined as complete Riemannian manifolds such that any two points can be exchanged by an isometry, the symmetric case being when the isometry is required to have period two. The classification of weakly symmetric spaces relies on that of periodic automorphisms of complex semisimple Lie algebras. They provide examples of Gelfand pairs, although the corresponding theory of spherical functions in harmonic analysis, known for symmetric spaces, has not yet been developed.

</doc>
<doc id="19571468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571468" title="Arkholme for Kirkby Lonsdale railway station">
Arkholme for Kirkby Lonsdale railway station

Arkholme for Kirkby Lonsdale railway station served the village of Arkholme in Lancashire, England. It is situated on what is now the Leeds to Morecambe Line between the current Wennington and Carnforth stations.
History.
Opened by the Furness and Midland Joint Railway in 1867, then run by the Midland Railway, it became part of the London, Midland and Scottish Railway during the Grouping of 1923. The station then passed on to the London Midland Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948. It was then closed by the British Transport Commission on 12 September 1960 when the local stopping service between Wennington & Carnforth was withdrawn.
The site today.
Trains on the Leeds to Morecambe Line still pass the site. The station building was converted to a private dwelling after closure and is still used as such today. It was once owned by comedian and television personality Jim Bowen and featured on the TV programme "Through the Keyhole".

</doc>
<doc id="19571474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571474" title="Limbe Provincial Hospital">
Limbe Provincial Hospital

Limbe Provincial Hospital (also Limbe Regional Hospital and Mile 1 Hospital) is a 200-bed hospital in the Southwest Province of Cameroon and is the principal referral hospital for the region.
History.
The hospital was built ca. 1940 and was accorded the status of a Provincial Hospital in 1972. Since 2008, the Provinces of Cameroon officially have been called "Regions", and the "Provincial Hospitals" are now called "Regional Hospitals". The hospital's charter was to:
In the late 1990s and early 21st century, the hospital was suffering from major structural and organizational problems. By 2004, the attendance rate had dropped by 50%. Moreover, research revealed that there was a lack of knowledge among hospital staff. However, under the new directorship of Dr. Thompson Kinge (appointed 2005) the hospital has seen some major improvements. In July 2008, Nigerian Consul to the North West and South West provinces of Cameroon, Dr. Kenneth Nsor Nsor, awarded Kinge with an award for “recognition of outstanding meritorious services and good management.” Nsor praised Dr. Kinge for rehabilitating the hospital, and for providing quality care to the large Nigerian community in Limbe. Cameroonian journalist Aimé Potabo also credits Kinge for resuscitating the hospital, and praises the improvements of the last few years. 
The hospital has received support from Cameroonians both within the country and abroad. Moreover, the Programme Germano-Camerounais de Santé has initiated training workshops in Cameroon, at least one of which (a workshop on sterilization) has been attended by technical staff from Limbe Provincial Hospital. 
Like hospitals in many parts of the Third World, Limbe Regional Hospital still suffers from several problems including lack of certain hospital supplies and equipment such as ECG machines and incubators. The hospital administration is working hard to raise money in order to solve these problems, which negatively affect the population of the Southwest Province.
In 2008, a partnership agreement has been concluded between the Regional Hospital Limbe and the Faculty of Medicine of the University of Rostock in Germany. This partnership is financed by the "Gesellschaft für technische Zusammenarbeit (GTZ)", the Society for Technical Cooperation, which belongs to the German Ministry of Economic Cooperation. It is part of the ESTHER network ("Ensemble pour une Solidarité Thérapeutique Hospitalier En Réseau") of the European Union. The goal of this partnership is improving care for patients with HIV and AIDS. Through this ongoing ESTHER cooperation, the laboratory has been upgraded (introduction of PCR technology), and physicians as well as laboratory technicians have received training in Rostock / Germany. In addition, joint Continuing Medical Education workshops have been conducted in Limbe. (see also: http://www.edennewspaper.com/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=11509:451&catid=55:health&Itemid=166 )
Services.
The hospital offers units for radiology, surgery, gynaecology and obstetrics, dental surgery, ophthalmology, pediatrics, maternity and general medicine.
Research programme.
Before 2000, practically no research had been done at Limbe Provincial Hospital. In the last few years, however, several research studies have been based at the hospital. A few examples are:
Location.
Limbe Provincial Hospital is located in the coastal town of Limbe, in the Southwest Province of Cameroon. The Southwest Province is one of only two Anglophone provinces in Cameroon; the other eight provinces are Francophone. Although there is no university in Limbe, there is a university in the nearby town of Buea (about 30 minutes drive). The University of Buea, which was founded in 1997, has a strong Health Sciences Department. 
Limbe Provincial Hospital is referred to by locals as "Mile 1 Hospital" since it is exactly one mile away from the Atlantic Ocean. Heading out from the hospital down the hill and towards the ocean, one will soon reach "Half Mile", the town center of Limbe. Continuing straight ahead, one will reach an area called "Down Beach", which is right by the ocean. Moving away from the ocean from the hospital, one passes other parts of Limbe ("Mile 2, Mile 3, Mile 4," etc.) and eventually leaves the town. A few miles later, one reaches the town of Mutengene. Continuing straight at Mutengene, one will arrive in Douala, the economic capital of Cameroon, in about one hour. Turning left at Mutengene, one will soon come to Mile 17 ( from the Ocean) in the town of Buea. Continuing on the road through Buea one will reach Nigeria.

</doc>
<doc id="19571509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571509" title="John Romney">
John Romney

John Romney (June 1785 – 1 February 1863) was an English artist in printmaking and watercolour who lived and worked in London and Chester. Much of his work consisted of reproductions of the work of other artists, but he produced some original prints, paintings and drawings. Like the great majority of contemporary printmakers he worked in both engraving and etching, often on the same plate, and descriptions of his prints as being in one or the other technique should be taken loosely. His best known original prints are series of views of the Chester area and his part of one on the antiquities in the British Museum. He was apparently not related to the famous portraitist George Romney (1734–1802).
Early life and career in London.
John Romney was born in Newcastle upon Tyne, the third of seven children of John and Dorothy Romney. His father was a linen draper and the family moved at some time after 1801 to Lambeth in London where John Romney senior continued with his business. John junior was apprenticed to an engraver and in 1807 he won a prize for drawing at the Society of Arts which enabled him to establish himself as a teacher. He exhibited at the Royal Academy in 1807 and 1813. In 1813 he engraved two illustrations after Thomas Stothard for Goldsmith's "The Vicar of Wakefield" and during the years 1812 to 1845 a series of etchings for the "Description of the Collection of Ancient Marbles in the British Museum". In 1829 and 1831 he produced 200 views on 100 plates for "Paris and its Environs" by Augustus Pugin and C. Heath which was an inspiration for some of his later work in Chester. Amongst his considerable output during this time were five plates for an edition of Hogarth's works in 1833.
Life and career in Chester.
In 1810 Romney had married Elizabeth Brooks in Chester, and in 1840 or 1841 he moved with his family to Chester. While living in Chester he produced the works for which he remains best known, two series of engravings of local buildings and views. One of these is entitled "Views of Ancient Buildings in Chester". This was produced in two sets, each of 12 engravings, which were published in May 1851 and August 1854. The other consists of 34 engravings entitled "Chester and its Environs Illustrated" which was produced between 1846 and 1855. Romney's output was not limited to engravings and etchings. In 1845 he exhibited four watercolours and a pencil drawing at the Liverpool Academy; in 1846 and 1847 he exhibited five more watercolours. During this time he was also producing drawings to be reproduced as lithographs. One etching which sold in large numbers was "The Chester and Holyhead Railway Bridge Accident" which occurred on 24 May 1847 when bridge girders collapsed and four people were killed.
John and Elizabeth Romney had one child, a son Robert Routledge, in 1811. Robert died in February 1857 and in July of that year Elizabeth died. Romney died at his home in Chester in 1863. At that time he owned five houses in the city, but his estate amounted to under £200 (£ as of ).
Eight of Romney's works are in the collection of London's National Portrait Gallery.
References and notes.
Notes
Citations
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="19571537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571537" title="Hovrättsråd">
Hovrättsråd

Hovrättsråd (Swedish title). 
See also.
Hovrätt

</doc>
<doc id="19571565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571565" title="List of Grand Prix motorcycle racing winners">
List of Grand Prix motorcycle racing winners

Grand Prix motorcycle racing is the premier championship of motorcycle road racing, which has been divided into three classes since 1990; 125cc, 250cc and MotoGP. Former classes that are now discontinued include 350cc, 50cc and sidecars. The premier class is MotoGP, which was formerly known as the 500cc class. The Grand Prix Road-Racing World Championship was established in 1949 by the sport's governing body the Fédération Internationale de Motocyclisme (FIM), and is the oldest motorsport World Championship in existence. The motorcycles used in MotoGP are purpose built for the sport, and are unavailable for purchase by the general public: they cannot be legally ridden on public roads.
Giacomo Agostini holds the record for the most Grand Prix victories, having won 122 times. Valentino Rossi is second with 106 wins, and Ángel Nieto is third with 90 wins. Loris Capirossi holds the distinction of having the longest time between his first win and his last. He won his first Grand Prix in 1990 at the 125cc British Grand Prix, and his last in 2007 at the MotoGP Japanese Grand Prix, a gap that spans 17 years, 1 month and 18 days. The youngest winner of a Grand Prix is Scott Redding, who was 15 years and 170 days old when he won the 2008 125cc British Grand Prix. Arthur Wheeler is the oldest winner of a Grand Prix; he was 46 years old when he won the 1962 250cc Argentine Grand Prix. Ralf Waldmann, with 20 wins, held the record for most race wins without becoming a World Champion.

</doc>
<doc id="19571568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571568" title="1965–66 DFB-Pokal">
1965–66 DFB-Pokal

The DFB-Pokal 1966 was the 23rd season of the competition. It began on 22 January 1966 and ended on 4 June 1966. 32 teams competed in the tournament of five rounds. In the final Bayern Munich defeated Meidericher SV 4–2.

</doc>
<doc id="19571579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571579" title="Munax">
Munax

Munax is a Swedish company which develops LHPE (Large Hyper-Parallel Execution) search engine systems. Munax XE, is an all-content search engine and powers nation wide as well as world wide public search engines with page, document, audio, video, images, software and email search. Other customers include vertical search engines and mobile operators.
For multimedia, Munax also develops functionality that let the visitors pre-listen to audio and pre-view videos, making it more easily for the visitor to decide what song or video he is looking for before playing it, or visiting the site hosting it. The visitor can also decide to transcode any multimedia file to make it moveable to the mobile phone or any type of multimedia player. 
History.
After earning his Master of Science in Applied Physics, Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, Jan-Olof Granlund worked several years as an independent consultant when he in 2002 started the work on the specification of the Munax search engine system. The goal was to (1) develop a number of new algorithms for ranking, independent of the type of data and (2) efficient distribution and scaling of processing power and data over a large cluster of computers. 
The specification for implementation was ready in 2003/2004 and the first system (Munax P1) was released in 2005. By that time, a smaller company was founded in the U.S.A. for demoing the Munax system and a Munax P1 license was sold to the public search engine Leit.is, which is today the leading search engine on Iceland. 
In 2006 the search engine product Munax XE was released. Munax AB was founded in March 2007 and has its headquarters in the center of Stockholm, Sweden with shareholders from Sweden, Iceland, U.S.A. and China.
Munax features.
On the system level, Munax can be installed on a single computer or an arbitrary number of computers on a local area network, or over computers on the internet. The execution is logically distributed over subsystems, not machines. One machine can host several subsystems and/or one subsystem can span over several machines. This way, Munax can be scaled and distributed freely and each machine's execution power can be utilized to its maximum. 
On the indexing level, Munax full-indexes a long range of document types, including: htm html shtm shtml jhtm asp php php3 pdf ps doc xls ppt rtf wp wp5 wp6 wpd txt c cpp h. When it comes to link-indexing in Munax, this is more complex than just indexing the anchor text and the URL. Amongst other things, Munax relates each link to the other links on the page and to the text of the page itself. Munax supports the link-indexing of, including: gif, jpg, tga, bmp, iff, img, jif, mac, msp, pcx, pic, tif, ico, jpe, mp3, wav, ram, snd, mp4, aif, mid, vqf, la1, lav, mp2, avi, mpg, mpeg, rm, qt, asx, mov, fli, flc, eps, wri, asc, fmk, for, zip, gzip, tar, arc, lzh, sit, rar, arj, dd, tgz, lha, exe, hqx, dll, vbs, vxd, bat, cmd, class, jar, java, jav and email addresses. Munax knows what type of files these are and groups them accordingly. Munax also allows for structured indexing, i.e. the indexing of xml files and automatically creates each xml tag as an individual search item. 
On the search level, several independent ranking algorithms processes the inverted index together with hundreds of search parameters to produce the final ranking for each document. 
For the visitor, Munax provides a long range of search features, including the search for pages, documents, audio, video, images, compressed files, torrents, software and email addresses, or to get all type of results on the same page (composite search, supersearch). The visitor can also decide which ranking algorithms to be used, search across domains, search within sites, before/after/between dates, demand objects-on-page, pre-view & pre-listen to multimedia files and view objects-on-page and pages with the tags stripped away.
PlayAudioVideo.
Munax started the construction of the PlayAudioVideo multimedia search engine in July 2007 and opened it for beta testers in December the same year. PlayAudioVideo, beta 1, was opened for the public in February 2008 and beta 2 opened in June 2008. 
PlayAudioVideo is the first true search engine for multimedia, i.e. providing search on the web for images, video and audio/music in the same search engine. Through Munax composite search, the visitor gets the results for all three multimedia types on the same result page, or he can decide to search for each individual type. Audio and Video can be pre-listened and pre-viewed before connecting to the original multimedia file. This saves time when deciding among versions of the same song or video. 
The visitor can start his own web application and make any search result accessible in any type of device. This includes audio for mp3 players and video and audio for mobile phones and/or VCD/DVD.
Mobile operators, Metasearch engines.
Munax has acknowledged the demand from the mobile operators to provide their customers with search beyond the traditional text search. The mobile phones of today are multimedia enabled and Munax provides the users with the search and play of songs and videos regardless of the type of device being used. 
For metasearch engines, Munax provides any type of search, including traditional text search (pages/documents) and multimedia search, to be presented on their result pages.
Corporates & Small businesses.
Munax provides a long range of search products, to be installed on the corporate's computers, to index their local area network, their web site and/or sites on the web. Munax can be tailored individually to suit the needs for each corporate. Munax also provides outsourced search, i.e. any corporate can have their website indexed and searchable from the Munax search engine, but presented as if the search results came from the corporate itself. With or without authentication and encryption.
Munax name and logo.
MUNAX, from Munin and Corax. 
The Latin name for the Raven is Corvus Corax, as named in 1758 by Carolus Linnaeus, the Swedish biologist who invented the two-name system of classifying organisms by Latin names. Munin is one of the two ravens of Odin, the god of visdom in the Nordic Viking mythology (Viking ages 700 A.D. – 1100 A.D.). The ravens fly over the earth. They remember everything. When the ravens come back, they tell Odin what they have seen. Just the same way as the Munax ravens (crawlers) tell the Munax database what they have seen.

</doc>
<doc id="19571603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571603" title="Robert Hitcham">
Robert Hitcham

Sir Robert Hitcham (1572? – 1636) was a Member of Parliament and Attorney General.
Robert was born of lowly origin in Levington, near Ipswich, and educated at the Free School at Ipswich and later Pembroke College, Cambridge, studying law. He was admitted to Gray's Inn on 3 November 1589 from Barnard's Inn and was called to the Bar in 1595.
He became a Member of Parliament for West Looe, Cornwall from 1597 to 1598; for King's Lynn, Norfolk from 1604 to 1611; for Cambridge in 1614 and for Orford, Suffolk from 1624 to 1626.
He held a number of posts including: Attorney-General to Anne of Denmark, Queen Consort to James I (1603–?); Sergeant-at-law (1614–?); and King's Senior Sergeant-at-law (1616–?). He was knighted on 29 June 1604 by King James I.
On 14 May 1635 he purchased Framlingham Castle, Suffolk from Theophilus Howard, 2nd Earl of Suffolk for the sum of £14,000, which he subsequently bequeathed to the Master, Fellows and Scholars of Pembroke College, Cambridge. He bought a house in Ipswich and spent the rest of his bachelor days in that town.
He died on 15 August 1636 and now lies in a tomb in Framlingham Church. His will stated that the castle, save for the outer walls, be demolished and the stone used to build a poor house. The inner buildings were duly demolished and a poor house was built in its place.
Hitcham's Cloister in Pembroke College (built 1666) was named after him.
The Hitcham House at Thomas Mills High School is named after, and dedicated to Robert Hitcham. House captains are voted in annually.

</doc>
<doc id="19571624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571624" title="Ōmae Station">
Ōmae Station

The station opened on March 7, 1971.
Structure.
1 side platform. Unmanned.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR East

</doc>
<doc id="19571641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571641" title="Amaryllididae">
Amaryllididae

Amaryllididae is a family of marine benthic amphipods found throughout the southern hemisphere. These smooth, laterally compressed amphipods can be distinguished by the accessory setal row of the mandible having a distal tuft. It contains the following genera:

</doc>
<doc id="19571642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571642" title="Brompton World Championship">
Brompton World Championship

The Brompton World Championship was first held in 2006, established by the Spanish importer of Brompton bicycles. The first two championship races were held in Barcelona, with the third and subsequent races held in the grounds of Blenheim Palace, England.
2010 saw the introduction of regional championships in Spain, Japan and the USA. The champion from each national event also went on to compete at the World Championships held on 3 October 2010.
2009 Results.
Official results as published by Brompton.
2010 Results.
Official results as published by Brompton.
2011 Results.
Official results as published by Brompton.

</doc>
<doc id="19571651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571651" title="Lans">
Lans

LANs refers to local area networks.
Lans may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19571661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571661" title="Nicholas Canny">
Nicholas Canny

Nicholas Patrick Canny (born 1944) is an Irish historian and academic.
Life and work.
Born at Clifden on 4 January 1944 to Cecil Canny and Helen Joyce, he was educated at Kilfenora national school, St. Flannan's College, Ennis, and University College Galway (now National University of Ireland, Galway) from where he graduated with a BA in 1964, and an M.A. in 1967. Research student at the Institute of Historical Research, University of London, 1969–70, and graduated PhD from the University of Pennsylvania in 1971.
Since the mid-1970s, Canny has been the leading authority on early modern Irish history. He has been a lecturer in Irish history in NUI Galway since 1972 and professor there since 1979. His first paper was published in 1970 and focused on Hugh O'Neill, 2nd Earl of Tyrone and in the subsequent years additional examinations of Gaelic Ulster followed. His 1974 O'Donnell lecture (published in 1975), "The formation of the Old-English elite in Ireland", was a ground breaking study of that community. It was, however, his 1976 study "The Elizabethan Conquest of Ireland: a Pattern Established, 1565–76" that brought him to international attention. This book built on his PhD studies in the United States. He is the only person to have won the Irish Historical Research Prize on two occasions, in 1976 for the above book and in 2003 for "Making Ireland British 1580–1650".
In 1967 Canny was awarded the Ford Foundation fellowship to travel to the United States and carry out a PhD in History in the University of Pennsylvania. He completed this in 1971 and in subsequent years received a Fulbright-Hayes post-doctorate fellowship to study in Harvard and Yale. Canny's work is noticeable for its sharp examinations of the ideology of colonisation. He has contributed enormously to current understanding on the Spanish influences on English colonial policy in 16th-century Ireland. In addition, he has built hugely on David Beers Quinn's thesis of Ireland as a practising ground for English colonial policy in the Americas. This study was the basis of his PhD in the United States and Canny's research on this topic has demonstrated the extent of these parallels in a manner previously under appreciated. Canny's debates with fellow historians, Brendan Bradshaw of Cambridge University and Ciarán Brady of Trinity College, Dublin, on why the Reformation failed to reform more than 20% of the population of Ireland, and on the ideology of Edmund Spenser, have been major additions to historical debate in recent decades. Canny has so far written and/or edited nine major books and over fifty-five academic papers and reviews.
He is currently Director of the Moore Institute at the National University of Ireland, Galway and was President of the Royal Irish Academy from 2008 to 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19571664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571664" title="Die Sekte">
Die Sekte

Die Sekte is a German rap group from Berlin, Germany. The group was formed in 1998 by Sido, B-Tight, Rhymin Simon and Vokalmatador. Originally it consisted of only Sido and B-Tight also known as duo A.i.d.S.
Since 2009 with the release of their debut album called "Die Sekte" the group consisted of Sido, B-Tight, Alpa Gun, Tony D, MOK, Bendt, Fuhrman and DJ Werd.
All members are from Märkisches Viertel, except Alpa Gun (from Berlin-Schöneberg), Tony D and MOK (from Berlin-Neukölln).
Die Sekte was one of the first rap groups from Berlin and they have already selled 20,000 copies of their first EP and mixtapes.
History.
They produced their first releases on a PlayStation. Their song lyrics contains therms such as the hard social life in the "ghetto". The new German hip hop style was, that time, critic about the music production and the song themes.
On the EP "Sintflows", in 1998, the artists Calle, Collins, Kimba and Milo$ joined the group, but however in 2001 they left the group, except Sido und B-Tight.

</doc>
<doc id="19571667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571667" title="Amanda Lee (actress)">
Amanda Lee (actress)

Amanda Lee Wai Man (李蕙敏) (born 4 October 1970) is a Hong Kong pop singer and actress.

</doc>
<doc id="19571671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571671" title="Fake AP">
Fake AP

A fake AP can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19571677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571677" title="Shirase">
Shirase

Shirase may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19571678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571678" title="Joseph Pernette">
Joseph Pernette

Joseph Pernette (1728–1807) was a German-born merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Lunenburg County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1761 to 1770.
He was born in Strasbourg and came to Nova Scotia with Edward Cornwallis in 1751. Pernette served as an aide-de-camp during the taking of Quebec City. He first settled at Halifax but later moved to the New Dublin area. He built a gristmill and a sawmill on the LaHave River and also built the first ship on the river. Pernette served as justice of the peace, deputy surveyor and was colonel in the local militia. He also conducted a census of the area and constructed a road to Lunenburg. Pernette also operated a ferry connecting that road to the road to Liverpool. He later retired to Halifax and was buried in St. Paul's churchyard there.
His daughter Charlotte married Charles Morris and his daughter Catherine married Garrett Miller.

</doc>
<doc id="19571688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571688" title="Beacon Theatre">
Beacon Theatre

Beacon Theatre or Beacon Theater may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19571692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571692" title="Hovrätt">
Hovrätt

The Hovrätt () ("Royal Court") was the highest judicial body in Sweden until Gustav III of Sweden founded the Supreme Court of Sweden in 1789. The first hovrätt, Svea hovrätt, was founded in 1614. In Finland, then a part of Sweden, the Åbo hovrätt (Finnish "Turun hovioikeus") was founded in 1623 by Gustavus Adolphus of Sweden due to the distance to Svea hovrätt in Stockholm.
The "hovrätter" nowadays function as courts of appeal, the second highest judicial body in Sweden and Finland.
During the imperial era, Courts of Appeal ("hovrätter" in Swedish) were introduced in the kingdom in order to relieve the original Svea Court of Appeal ("Svea Hovrätt") in Stockholm, which was established in 1614. Göta Court of Appeal was the second such court in Sweden proper, established in Jönköping in 1634. It was proceeded by Åbo Court of Appeal (1623) in Finland and Dorpat Court of Appeal (1630) in Livonia (in present day Estonia), during this era part of the dominions of Sweden. Today, there are six court regions in Sweden: the Scania and Blekinge Court of Appeal, Malmö, the Court of Appeal for Western Sweden in Gothenburg, the Göta Court of Appeal in Jönköping, The Svea Court of Appeal in Stockholm, the Court of Appeal for Southern Norrland in Sundsvall, and the Court of Appeal for Northern Norrland in Umeå. 
There are today six courts of appeal within the judicial system of Sweden and six in the judicial system of Finland (that was formed during Finland being part of Sweden). The ones in Sweden are:
and the ones in Finland (names in Finnish and Swedish):

</doc>
<doc id="19571697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571697" title="Pehchaan (1993 film)">
Pehchaan (1993 film)

Pechchaan is a 1993 Indian Bollywood film directed by Deepak Shivdasani and produced by A.K. Abdul. It stars Sunil Shetty, Saif Ali Khan, Shilpa Shirodkar and Madhoo in pivotal roles.
Plot.
Judge Jagdish Verma (Raza Murad) has an accused by the name of Yogi Shankar (Kiran Kumar) in his courtroom. Judge Verma was once Yogi's defence lawyer, but now must pass a sentence against him. Yogi pleads his innocence, but the Judge finds him guilty, and Yogi is sentenced to a long term (7 years) in jail. Yogi swears to avenge this injustice and humiliation. Judge Verma's family consists of Urmila (Beena), two sons, Kunal and Karan (Sunil Shetty and Saif Ali Khan respectively), and a daughter Tina (Madhoo). Yogi serves out his term and is released from jail, seeking revenge against Juge Verma and his family. He abducts young Tina and plans to use her to control the judge and his judgments. The family is instructed not to contact the police, for the safety of Tina, and to keep this abduction a secret. Tina grows up in the company of Yogi and his men, without knowing her biological family. Tina is then used to ensnare the family into more deceit and entrapment under the direction of Yogi, leaving the Verma family no choice but to go along with Yogi's plan.

</doc>
<doc id="19571698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571698" title="Colin Windon">
Colin Windon

Colin Windon (8 November 1921 – 3 December 2003) was an Australian soldier and a state and national representative rugby union player who captained the Wallabies in six Test matches in 1951. He is recognised as one of Australia's greatest players of the twentieth century and is an inductee to the Australian Rugby Union Hall of Fame.
Early life and sporting family.
Windon attended Randwick Public School before Sydney Grammar where was a mediocre rugby player in the lower grades. He showed promise as a young cricketer and from Grammar was selected in a Combined Schoolboys representative side.
Colin's father Stan was a foundation member of the Coogee Surf Life Saving Club and played rugby with the Randwick club in Sydney. He passed his love of the game onto his sons and the elder Keith, played as a flanker for Australia in a war interrupted career between 1936 and 1946. Keith was a rare student of the game, a quality player whose best years were lost to the war. He was a star during the 1937 Springboks tour of Australia. After captain Cyril Towers had to leave the field, Keith moved to the centres and masterminded one of the great comebacks in Wallaby history. Keith was on the ill-fated 1939 Wallaby tour to England. The team docked at Southampton on the day war was declared and they returned to Australia without playing an international game. Keith Windon did manage to briefly resume his career after the war, touring to New Zealand with the 1946 Wallabies where his career ended. Seeing Keith play for Australia in 1937 at the Sydney Cricket Ground inspired Colin to pursue his own rugby career.
Like his father, Col was active at Coogee Surf Club, in the Coogee Amateur Swim Club and the Coogee Penguins Winter Swim Club. He was a national title winner at beach flags.
Club rugby and playing style.
He joined Randwick in 1938 in fourth grade. The next year aged 18, he was playing first grade with the "Galloping Greens" and in that debut year he was equal-top scorer in the Sydney competition. Windon went on to play 98 first grade matches with the club.
He was a rugged, hard-tackling breakaway and a speedy, elusive runner with a notorious fend and a resultant gift for scoring tries. Howell (his teammate on the 1947–48 Wallaby tour) wrote that Windon always said his best coach was his brother Keith who schooled him in breakaway play. One of his dictums was always to look up while packing down in the scrums – to analyse the position of the opposition backs and to always run to the next line out and rest then.
War service.
Enlisting in the Second Australian Imperial Force on 18 December 1941 after basic training in Dubbo, Windon was posted to the 2/3 Infantry Battalion, 6th Division, and saw service in the Owen Stanley Ranges in Papua New Guinea. He contracted malaria there and after convalescence in the Atherton Tablelands he returned to New Guinea in 1944 for hard jungle encounters in the Aitape-Wewak campaign during 1945. Windon was a company runner, the time-honoured military role of running messages from the front line to a command post, in his case under Japanese fire. He was discharged from the Army on 13 August 1946.
Representative rugby career.
Col Windon debuted for Australia on the first post-war Wallaby tour of New Zealand in 1946 captained by Bill McLean where his star began to rise. On that tour he played nine of the twelve games including both Tests. He scored two birlliant tries against the strong Wellington side.
He played twice for the New South Wales Waratahs against the touring All Blacks in 1947 and was selected in the Australian side that met them – a veritable selection trial for the nine-month Wallaby tour of Europe and North America planned for later that year.
He was one of the first selected for the 1947-48 Australian rugby union tour of Europe and North America and played in twenty seven of the tour's thirty-six matches and scoring eight tries to be the third highest tour try scorer behind three-quarters Terry MacBride, Charlie Eastes and Trevor Allan. He played in all five Tests of the tour and debuted as Australian captain in tour matches against Aberdeen and Leicester. He played eleven successive games at one stage of the tour. In the Test against England at Twickenham he dominated the match and scored two tries including the game winner late in the second half when his punishing tackle on English pivot Tommy Kemp saw Kemp spill the ball and Windon outpace the English backline defence 50m to the try line breaking England's spirit and sealing the victory.
Following the success of the marathon tour he played three Tests against the visiting NZ Maori side in 1949 and also turned out for New South Wales against them. Then in 1949 he was selected as vice-captain to Trevor Allan for another tour of New Zealand when Australia were victorious in winning the Bledisloe Cup in a two Test series – the first time that feat was achieved away from home. Windon played in ten of the twelve tour matches, scoring eight tries including a try in each Test and captaining is country in a minor game against Manawatu-Horowhenua.
In 1952 he was selected for the domestic series against Fiji and that year made his third tour of New Zealand playing in nine of ten games including both Tests. His final representative tour was made to South Africa in 1953 although injury saw him make only six tour appearances.
Early in his retirement he coached at Randwick in a stint from 1954 to 1957.
Records and accolades.
In 1946 he was selected by the prestigious "New Zealand Rugby Almanac" as one of the world's top five players. The magazine "Sporting Life" picked him in its All Australian team in five years 1947, 1948, 1949, 1951 and 1952. For over thirty years Windon was Australia's leading Test try-scorer (11) until his record was overtaken by Brendan Moon in the 1980s. He holds the standing Australian record for the most career tries scored by a breakaway.
In 1999, he was named in Australian Rugby's team of the century. In 2000, he was made a life member of the Sydney Cricket Ground and a plaque there in the Walk of Honour commemorates his career. He was elected to Randwick City Council's Sporting Hall of Fame and awarded an Australian Sports Medal for his achievements. He consistently features in top rugby player lists as the best breakaway in Australia's rugby history. In 2005 he was honoured as one of the inaugural five inductees into the Australian Rugby Union Hall of Fame. Upon his induction Australian Rugby Union President Paul McLean referred to Windon as : ""an electrifying talent and a try scoring machine"".
His 1947 Wallaby tour teammate Sir Nicholas Shehadie described him as follows: "As back-row forwards go, he was the very best. A try-scoring machine, a superb attacker and with the speed of a three-quarter, the man they nicknamed 'Breeze' was simply peerless in supporting play".

</doc>
<doc id="19571705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571705" title="1936 World Figure Skating Championships">
1936 World Figure Skating Championships

The World Figure Skating Championships is an annual figure skating competition sanctioned by the International Skating Union in which figure skaters compete for the title of World Champion. 
The 1936 men and pairs competitions took place February 28 to 29, 1936 in Paris, France. 
The 1936 ladies competitions took place February 21 to 22, 1936 also in Paris, France.
Results.
Men.
Judges were
Ladies.
Judges were
Pairs.
Judges were

</doc>
<doc id="19571722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571722" title="James North">
James North

James North may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19571731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571731" title="Manza-Kazawaguchi Station">
Manza-Kazawaguchi Station

Lines.
Manza-Kazawaguchi Station is served by the Agatsuma Line.
Station layout.
The station is unmanned and consists of a single elevated side platform.
History.
The station opened on March 7, 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="19571732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571732" title="Theodore Cooke Taylor">
Theodore Cooke Taylor

Theodore Cooke Taylor (3 August 1850 – 19 October 1952) was a British businessman and Liberal politician. He was best known for pioneering profit-sharing in his business activities and for leading a movement against the opium trade. Taylor also stands as the longest-lived member of the British Parliament, living to age 102.
Taylor was born in Carlinghow, Batley, Yorkshire and was the eldest son of Joshua Taylor and his wife Alice née Cooke. Both sides of the family were involved in the textile industry: the Taylors had been making cloth since the eighteenth century in Batley, while Alice Cooke's father had established a carpet manufacturing business at Liversedge.
Following education at Batley Grammar School and Silcoates School near Wakefield, Theodore joined the family business of J T & J Taylor Limited in 1866. In 1891 he became head of Taylor's and in the following year bought out the other partners to become its sole proprietor. His object in taking control was to institute a system of profit-sharing, and in 1896 he transformed the business into a private limited company. The new company, after paying five percent on capital, distributed the remaining profits to all workers employed for a year or more. Eventually the majority of the share ownership passed to the workforce, and at Taylor's death in 1952 more than 75% of the company's capital was shared between 2,000 workers.
T C Taylor was politically aligned to the Liberal Party, and was elected to the West Riding County Council on its creation in 1889. At the 1900 general election he was elected as Member of Parliament for Radcliffe cum Farnworth in Lancashire. He held the seat for eighteen years, retiring from parliament when the seat was abolished in 1918.
In 1906 Taylor began a campaign to halt the Indo-Chinese opium trade, winning the support of the new Liberal government of Henry Campbell-Bannerman. The trade was finally ended in 1917.
Following his retirement from parliamentary politics, Taylor continued actively to manage the textile business, while promoting the benefits of profit-sharing. He was a member of the Congregational Church, which he supported financially. He also sought to promote education by allowing his employees to attend technical colleges and by providing scholarships to his former school, Silcoates.
T C Taylor was twice married. In 1874 he married his first cousin, Sara Jane Ingraham. They had three children. Sara Jane and their eldest daughter, Evelyn Sarah, died in the influenza pandemic of 1919. His second marriage was in 1920 to Mary Isabella McVean. 
In 1950 Taylor celebrated his centenary. He was still the managing director and chairman of J T and T Taylor's, and the company's employees enjoyed a day trip to the seaside resort of Blackpool. He continued to travel from his home at Grassington, in Wharfedale, to the mills in Batley until three weeks before his death at the age of 102. His exact age at death was 102 years and 67 days.

</doc>
<doc id="19571764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571764" title="Rogue system">
Rogue system

A rogue system is any system in a wireless network that has been placed by third parties in range of the wireless network in order to gather information about it, penetrate it or other malicious activities.
Common systems.
Common rogue systems or devices are:

</doc>
<doc id="19571768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571768" title="Raymond W. Ketchledge">
Raymond W. Ketchledge

Raymond Waibel Ketchledge (December 8, 1919 - October 23, 1987) was an American engineer, known for his contributions to the first computerized
telephone switching control systems.
Biography.
Born in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania,
he earned a B.Sc. and M.Sc. (1942) in electrical engineering 
from Massachusetts Institute of Technology before joining Bell Labs where he stayed his whole
professional career (1942-1982).
At Bell Labs he first worked on the Mark 24 FIDO Torpedo used in World War II,
then he took part in developing the first underwater repeater systems and the L3 coaxial carrier for
Transatlantic telephone cable systems (1946-54), before he became leader of the "Switching systems" development group
(1956). This brought him fame due to the pioneering work on 
applying stored program architecture to telephone switching systems. 
Ketchledge oversaw the installation project for the first 1ESS switch in Succasunna (1965). 
Following this
he directed the "Indian Hill" laboratories of Naperville, Illinois (1966-75) before returning 
to New Jersey where he oversaw the "Ocean systems" research division in Whippany, New Jersey until his retirement.
He held sixty patents in diverse areas, including thirty-one in switching system.
He died of cancer in Englewood, Florida on October 23, 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="19571780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571780" title="Special linear Lie algebra">
Special linear Lie algebra

In mathematics, the special linear Lie algebra of order n (denoted formula_1) is the Lie algebra of formula_2 matrices with trace zero and with the Lie bracket formula_3. This algebra is well studied and understood, and is often used as a model for the study of other Lie algebras. The Lie group that it generates is the special linear group.
Applications.
The Lie algebra formula_4 is central to the study of special relativity, general relativity and supersymmetry: its fundamental representation is the so-called spinor representation, while its adjoint representation generates the Lorentz group SO(3,1) of special relativity.
The algebra formula_5 plays an important role in the study of chaos and fractals, as it generates the Möbius group SL(2,R), which describes the automorphisms of the hyperbolic plane, the simplest Riemann surface of negative curvature; by contrast, SL(2,C) describes the automorphisms of the hyperbolic 3-dimensional ball.
Representation Theory of formula_6.
The simplest non-trivial Lie algebra is formula_7, consisting of two by two matrices with zero trace. There are three basis elements, formula_8,formula_9, and formula_10, with
formula_11
formula_12
and
formula_13
The commutators are
formula_14, and formula_15
Let formula_16 be a finite irreducible representation of formula_6, and let formula_18 be an eigenvector of formula_10 with the highest eigenvalue formula_20. Then,
formula_21
or 
formula_22
Since formula_18 is the eigenvector of highest eigenvalue, formula_24. Similarly, we can show that 
formula_25
and since h has a lowest eigenvalue, there is a formula_26 such that formula_27. We will take the smallest formula_26 such that this happens.
We can then recursively calculate 
formula_29
and we find
formula_30
Taking formula_31, we get 
formula_32
Since we chose formula_26 to be the smallest exponent such that formula_27, we conclude that
formula_35. From this, we see that 
formula_18, formula_37, ...
formula_38 
are all nonzero, and it is easy to show that they are linearly independent. 
Therefore, for each formula_39, there is a unique, up to isomorphism, irreducible representation formula_16 of dimension formula_26 spanned by elements formula_18, formula_37, ...
formula_38.
The beautiful special case of formula_6 shows a general way to find irreducible representations of Lie Algebras. Namely, we divide the algebra to three subalgebras "h" (the Cartan Subalgebra), "e", and "f", which behave approximately like their namesakes in formula_6. Namely, in a irreducible representation, we have a "highest" eigenvector of "h", on which "e" acts by zero. The basis of the irreducible representation is generated by the action of "f" on the highest eigenvectors of "h".

</doc>
<doc id="19571782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571782" title="Reinhard Jaeger">
Reinhard Jaeger

Reinhard Jaeger (born January 15, 1970) is a professional bodybuilder. He was born in Graubunden, St. Moritz, Switzerland. To date, he has won two bodybuilding championships: the IFBB European Championships in 2000 and the NABBA-WABBA Worldchampionships in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19571798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571798" title="George Sutherland (disambiguation)">
George Sutherland (disambiguation)

George Sutherland (1862–1942) was an English-born U.S. jurist and political figure.
George Sutherland may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19571819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571819" title="Ex Drummer">
Ex Drummer

Ex Drummer is a 2007 Flemish film directed by Koen Mortier. It is based on the book by Herman Brusselmans of the same name.
Plot.
In Ostend three handicapped musicians are looking for a drummer for their band, consisting entirely of disabled people. They want to perform only one time at a music competition. They want famous writer Dries to be their drummer and his handicap is the fact that he cannot play the drums. They only plan on mastering one song; Devo's "Mongoloid."
For Dries this is an opportunity to get some inspiration for a new novel and he accepts the offer. The band members decide to call the band The Feminists, because four handicapped musicians are just as worthless as a group of feminists. In the contest they have to compete against the band Harry Mulisch, also led by a writer with the nickname Dikke Lul (fat cock in English).
As the story goes on Dries becomes more and more obsessed by his new novel and he tries to manipulate the band members and tries to find their weak spot.
Soundtrack.
The music of The Feminists was in fact performed by Belgian band Millionaire and the Harry Mulisch song was sung by Belgian singer Flip Kowlier.
Production.
The real sex scenes were performed by hired porn actors.
Reception.
The film received mixed reviews ranging from very positive to very negative. The film currently holds a rotten rating at Rotten Tomatoes with 50% of the critics giving it positive reviews. In Belgium it caused some controversy due to the violence and explicit sex in the film.

</doc>
<doc id="19571862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571862" title="47th parallel north">
47th parallel north

The 47th parallel north is a circle of latitude that is 47 degrees north of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses Europe, Asia, the Pacific Ocean, North America, and the Atlantic Ocean.
At this latitude the sun is visible for 15 hours, 54 minutes during the summer solstice and 8 hours, 31 minutes during the winter solstice.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 47° north passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="19571865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571865" title="Lisie Heart Institute">
Lisie Heart Institute

The Lisie Heart Institute is a tertiary care Interventional Cardiology and Cardiac Surgery Unit at the Mar Augustine Memorial Lisie Hospital in Ernakulam, Kerala, India.
The Heart Institute is one of the leading centres for Interventional cardiology and Cardiac surgery in the state of Kerala. It was set up in 2002 and has since then performed more than 14,000 interventional procedures and 3800 Cardiac surgeries until 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19571876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571876" title="&amp; Then Boom">
&amp; Then Boom

& Then Boom is the debut studio album by American new wave band Iglu & Hartly. It was released on September 29, 2008.
Track listing.
All songs written and composed by Iglu & Hartly

</doc>
<doc id="19571882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571882" title="Suning Appliance">
Suning Appliance

Suning Appliance Company Limited () is one of the largest privately owned retailers in China, headquartered in Nanjing, Jiangsu. Suning has more than 1600 stores covering over 700 cities of Mainland China, Hong Kong and Japan and its e-commerce platform, Suning.com ranks among top three Chinese B2C companies. The operation categories include physical merchandise, such as home appliances, 3C products, books, general merchandise, household commodities, cosmetics and baby care products, content products and service merchandise with the total number of SKU exceeding 3 million. It was listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange in 2004.
Business areas.
Suning Appliance Co., Ltd. principally operates franchised retail shops of electronics appliances in China. The Company mainly offers colour televisions (TVs), audio and video (AV) players, disc players, refrigerators, washing machines, digital and information technology (IT) products, small household electronics, air conditioners, telecommunications products and other products. The company also provides installation and repair services for electronic appliances. As of December 31, 2010, the company had 1,311 stores in 231 cities across China.

</doc>
<doc id="19571899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571899" title="Happy Family (film)">
Happy Family (film)

Happy Family (風流家族) is a 2002 Hong Kong film directed by Herman Yau. Small Han Sang (Nick Cheung) works in a top position at his dad's (Kenny Bee) real estate company. The dad doesn't interfere often but during a period of interviewing new applicants, he has personally recommended Kaka (Candy Lo) who in the end gets a job at the company. A good worker and a good bond between Sang and Kaka is created. Even to the point of love and plans of marriage. Then the dad drops the bomb. Kaka is Sang's sister...

</doc>
<doc id="19571909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571909" title="Aurora Society">
Aurora Society

Aurora Society was a secret society and a national Finnish literary society based around The Royal Academy of Turku (Sw. Kungliga Akademien i Åbo) 1770-1779. The Society consisted of many prominent members from the Finnish cultural sphere
and had as its focal points poetry, Finnish history, geography and the research of language and economy.
The Society published Finland's first newspaper, Åbo Tidningar (Tidningar Utgifne Af et Sällskap i Åbo), between the years 1771-1778 and 1782-1785.
Furthermore, the first public orchestra concerts in Finland were also organized by the Aurora Society.
The society was a typical product of the Enlightenment period: a secret society on one hand and a cultural and educational organization on the other. [http://www.fimic.fi/fimic/fimic.nsf/mainframe?readform&B3DDE16ED09DFD88C22567F40043EAE9]

</doc>
<doc id="19571925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571925" title="Hanoch Albeck">
Hanoch Albeck

Hanoch Albeck (Hebrew: חנוך אלבק) (August 7, 1890 - January 9, 1972) was a professor of Talmud at the Hebrew University in Jerusalem, Israel. He was one of the foremost scholars of the Mishna in his time and he was one of the founders of the scientific approach to the study of the Mishna.
Hanoch's father Shalom Albeck, known as the "Talmudic scholar", was the editor of a number of works by 
Rishonim including Raavan, Meiri on tractate Yevamot, and HaEshkol by Abraham ben Isaac of Narbonne. Hanoch studied at the Vienna rabbinical academy and he received rabbinical ordination in 1905. In 1921 he received a degree from the University of Vienna. Between 1926 and 1936 Albeck taught in the Hochschule für die Wissenschaft des Judentums in Berlin. In 1936 he emigrated to Mandatory Palestine where he was immediately appointed as professor and head of the Talmud department at the Hebrew University in Jerusalem, a position he held for 25 years. 
Albeck, who was a religiously observant Jew, published a number of books in Hebrew and German on rabbinical literature, including "Introduction to the Mishna", "Studies in Baraita and Tosephta", "Introduction to the Talmuds", and others. In addition, he published numerous articles in the journal "Tarbiz". 
Professor Albeck also wrote a simple and concise commentary on the Mishna, appending longer footnotes at the ends of each volume. Pinchas Kehati sometimes quotes this work in his own commentary on the Mishna. While the vocalization (niqqud) received special attention in Albeck's edition, the text did not merit such attention, and therefore Albeck's Mishna is not a fully scientific version of the latter. Albeck's version was written as a continuation and expansion of the uncompleted earlier work of Hayyim Nahman Bialik. 
Albeck's teachers include: David Zvi Miller and Avigdor Optowitzer. His students include: the Talmudic scholar Avraham Goldberg and Abraham Joshua Heschel (one of the foremost Jewish thinkers in the 20th century). 
Two of his children are Professor Michael Albeck, a lecturer in organic chemistry, and Professor Shalom Albeck, a lecturer in Jewish law (and the husband of advocate Pliah Albeck), both at Bar Ilan University. Albeck's son in law, Yoseph Aryeh Bachrach, was killed in the Israeli War of Independence in the battle for Jerusalem, leaving behind a wife and two children.
Awards.
In 1957 it was announced that Albeck was to receive the Israel prize; however, as a matter of principle Albeck refused to accept the award. 
In 1959 Albeck was elected as a member of the Israel Academy of Sciences and Humanities.
In 1969 Albeck was awarded the Bialik Prize for Jewish thought.

</doc>
<doc id="19571926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571926" title="Cain House (St. Marys, West Virginia)">
Cain House (St. Marys, West Virginia)

The Cain House, also known as the Alexander Creel Tavern and the St. Marys Lodge #41 A.F. & A. M. was built in 1850 for Alexander H. Creel in St. Marys, West Virginia. The Cain House provided lodging for travelers along the Ohio River, and functioned as a courthouse for Pleasants County immediately after its formation.
The Cain House was named for Zachariah Cain and his family, who operated the tavern in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. The house was acquired by a fraternal order, the Maccabees, before becoming home to a masonic lodge in 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="19571930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571930" title="Sasaki Takayuki">
Sasaki Takayuki

Marquis was a bureaucrat, government minister and court official in late Meiji period Japan.
Biography.
Sasaki was born into a samurai class family in Agawa District, Tosa Domain (in the present-day city of Kōchi, Kōchi Prefecture). He served the Yamauchi clan in several important posts, including "kōri-bugyō" (country magistrate) and "ōmetsuke" (inspector). He also supported Sakamoto Ryōma in the "Taisei hōkan" movement to restore political power to the Emperor of Japan at the expense of the Tokugawa Shogunate. During the Boshin War, he commanded the "Kaientai", a paramilitary group of Tosa samurai youths, and occupied the Tokugawa magistrate's office at Nagasaki. 
After the Meiji Restoration, Sasaki served the Meiji government as "sangi" (councilor) and "taifu" (senior vice minister) of the Ministry of Justice. In 1871, Sasaki was selected to be a member of the Iwakura Mission, and traveled around the globe. On his return, he found that many of his countrymen had quit the government over the "Seikanron" debate; however, Sasaki chose to remain in the Genrōin as an active member of the new government. 
During the Satsuma Rebellion, Sasaki was sent to his native Kōchi to ensure that the rebellion would not spread to the disaffected former samurai in Shikoku. For these efforts, he gained the deep confidence of Emperor Meiji and was appointed as privy councilor as well as one of Emperor Meiji’s chamberlains and close confidant. In 1884, he was elevated to the title of count ("hakushaku") in the "kazoku" peerage system.
Sasaki was later selected to be one of the tutors involved in the education of Crown Prince Haru (the future Emperor Taishō), as well as Emperor Meiji’s daughters, Princesses Masako and Fusako.
In his later years, Sasaki was known for his conservative political views. He was instrumental in the creation of the Jingi-in, the government body heading the State Shinto religion. He was also associated with Nishimura Shigeki in promoting patriotic education and emperor worship in the public school curriculum. He was one of the founders of the Kōgaku-in (later Kokugakuin University). In 1909, he title was elevated to that of marquis ("kōshaku"). He died in 1910, and his grave is at the Aoyama Cemetery in Tokyo.

</doc>
<doc id="19571947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571947" title="Milton Kort">
Milton Kort

Milton Kort (1917–2003) was a professional pharmacist, but dabbled in sleight of hand.
He was a hobbyist magician that seldom traveled outside the Detroit area and who rarely performed. Yet he was a man whom the professionals and greats in magic flocked to see. Professional magicians like Paul Rosini, Stewart James, Dr. Jacob Daley, J. B. Bobo, Charlie Miller, Cardini, Dai Vernon and many more sought out Milt Kort and shared secrets with him. Innumerable authors of magic books and articles fell back time and again to his immense knowledge. 
As a teenager in the 1930s, he worked as a demonstrator at Sterling Magic, owned by Harold Sterling. He became regarded as a fine amateur magician and thinker.
As a young man, he enlisted in the Army during World War II and became a supply sergeant. Eventually, he became a full-time pharmacist, opening his own store - Kort's Drugs.
Kort was good friends with coin magician J.B. Bobo, and contributed a majority of the work in BOBO's Coin Magic. A man like Milt Kort could fool and entertain an audience in even the most casual and intimate of settings. Milton Kort attended the local chapter of the International Brotherhood of Magicians Ring #22 in the Detroit, Michigan metropolitan area.
Kort had one simple rule, Kort's First Principle: Have Fun!

</doc>
<doc id="19571959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571959" title="Jonas Norberg">
Jonas Norberg

Jonas Norberg is the inventor of The Pacemaker, the pocket-size DJ system and founder of Tonium, the company developing the product. Being an engineer and professional DJ, he started working on the Pacemaker in 2005, hoping to shrink the common DJ interface of two CD players and a mixer into something a bit larger than an iPod. “I wanted a PlayStation Portable for music,” he said.

</doc>
<doc id="19571967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19571967" title="Tou (brewery)">
Tou (brewery)

Tou ("Tou bryggeri") was a brewery established in 1855 at Tau near Stavanger, Norway.
In 1901, the production of beer was moved to Lervik in Stavanger.
In the 1970s the production was again moved to new facilities in Forus. The brewery was later acquired by the Ringnes brewery in Oslo. The Tou brewery was shut down on 15 August 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19572035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572035" title="Innovative Interstellar Explorer">
Innovative Interstellar Explorer

Innovative Interstellar Explorer was a NASA "Vision Mission" study funded by NASA following a proposal under NRA-03-OSS-01 on 11 September 2003. This study focused on the elusive quest to reach and measure the interstellar medium, the region outside of the influence of the nearest star, the Sun. It proposes to use a radioisotope thermal generator with ion thrusters. The project is a study of a proposed interstellar precursor mission that would probe the nearby interstellar medium and measure the properties of magnetic fields and cosmic rays and their effects on a craft leaving the Solar System. Mission launch plans analyzed direct, one planet, multi-planet, and upper-stage trades.
A variety of plans were proposed, including using launch windows (not counting backups) for a Jupiter assist in 2014, 2026, 2038, and 2050about every 12 years. 
The launch opportunity for the 2014 window passed, but for example it could have resulted in a Jupiter flyby by early 2016 and then go on to reach 200 AU by 2044. With an ion drive, a speed of about 7.9 AU/yr by the time its xenon propellant was depleted could be attained, enabling that 200 AU by 2044 and perhaps 1000 AU after one hundred years from launch. Different launch times and configurations have various timelines and options. 

</doc>
<doc id="19572048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572048" title="Nayoroiwa Shizuo">
Nayoroiwa Shizuo

Nayoroiwa Shizuo (名寄岩静男, September 27, 1914 – January 26, 1971) was a Japanese sumo wrestler from Nayoro, Hokkaidō, Japan.
Career.
He joined Tatsunami stable and made his professional debut in May 1932. Along with his stablemates Futabayama and Haguroyama, he supported Tatsunami stable. In January 1937, he was promoted to the top "makuuchi" division. In January 1938, he defeated "yokozuna" Musashiyama, gaining his first "kinboshi" or gold star. He was promoted to "ōzeki" in January 1943, but was demoted to "sekiwake" in May 1944. He was promoted to "ōzeki" again in November 1946, but he lost all eleven bouts in the November 1947 tournament. He was demoted again in the May 1948 tournament.
In the May 1950 tournament, he won his first Fighting Spirit Award. In the September 1952 tournament, he defeated "yokozuna" Chiyonoyama, gaining a "kinboshi" and winning his second Fighting Spirit Award. In January 1953 he returned to "sekiwake", and he remains the oldest man in the post-war era to be promoted to a "san'yaku" rank. During the Autumn 1954 tournament which held from September 19 to October 3, he reached his fortieth birthday, and after the tournament he retired from an active wrestler.
After his retirement, he re-established the Kasugayama stable, which he ran until his death in 1971. Among his "rikishi" was the former "maegashira" Onobori.

</doc>
<doc id="19572055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572055" title="The Tatum Group Masterpieces, Volume Eight">
The Tatum Group Masterpieces, Volume Eight

The Tatum Group Masterpieces, Volume Eight is a 1975 jazz album featuring a 1956 session between pianist Art Tatum and tenor saxophonist Ben Webster, with Red Callender on double bass and Bill Douglass on drums. The session was originally released on a Verve Records album produced by Norman Granz in 1958, but Granz re-acquired the masters in the 1970s after the album was allowed to go out of print. He reissued the material as one of a series of eight Group Masterpieces featuring Tatum in collaboration with other artists, also issuing it as part of a boxed set, "The Complete Pablo Group Masterpieces". The album has subsequently been reissued on CD, including a January 31, 1992 version with bonus tracks.
The album was critically well-received, with critics singling out the mesh of Webster's tone with Tatum's elaborate piano. The album is listed in several volumes as among the best in jazz and is recommended by the Music Library Association as an important piece for music libraries.
History.
Top-billed performers Tatum and Webster were well-established figures in their 40s when they came together on September 11, 1956 for this production. According to Ben Ratliff in "Jazz: A Critic's Guide to the 100 Most Important Recordings", Tatum was known for virtuoso solo performance, while Webster had mellowed from his days with Duke Ellington. Notwithstanding the differences between the players, they meshed, a success in collaboration liner-note author Benny Green attributed to Webster's tone and professionalism. Critic Scott Yanow agrees that "the combination works very well" and also praises Webster for "wisely" emphasizing "the beauty of his tone." This was among the last recordings of Tatum, who died on November 5 of that year. The session was originally released in 1958 on an LP produced by Norman Granz for Verve Records under the title "Art Tatum - Ben Webster Quartet".
By 1971, Granz had already attempted to gain access to this and his other out-of-print collaborations with Art Tatum from Verve, even offering to buy the masters. He acquired the rights after the 1973 formation of his own label, Pablo Records, and reissued those albums in 1975 under the series titles "The Tatum Group Masterpieces" and "The Tatum Solo Masterpieces" as individual albums and also as two boxed sets. One track from the session, "All the Things You Are", was later included in the 12-track CD "The Best of the Pablo Group Masterpieces".
The album was reissued on January 31, 1992 with bonus tracks.
Critical response.
The album was critically well received. In a 1994 review, "The Hartford Courant" described it as "delectable", with "Webster's big, breathy tone" wrapping "Tatum's arabesques in a warm, loving embrace." "The Washington Post" characterized it as " great way to introduce two of the greats." The album is included in several books on the top albums in jazz, including "Jazz: A Critic's Guide to the 100 Most Important Recordings", where it is listed at No. 42, and in "The 101 Best Jazz Albums", where author Leonard Lyons describes volume 8 as "most exciting" among the Group Masterpieces collection. Along with volumes one and seven of the Group Masterpieces, it is recommended for inclusion in medium-sized or larger public libraries and all academic libraries by the Music Library Association in "A Basic Music Library: Essential Scores and Sound Recordings".

</doc>
<doc id="19572065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572065" title="Nigel Tourneur">
Nigel Tourneur

Nigel Tourneur was the pseudonym of a fin de siecle writer who is best known for his work "Hidden Witchery", a collection of seven short stories and a short prose drama. Set in the indeterminate past, these sensually charged stories are concerned with obsessive love, often given a macabre or supernatural twist.
In an "advertisement" the author writes: ". . . Throughout the following stories and sketches — scantily in part, and, it is feared, obscurely, through symbolism — there may be traced the inception, growth, strength, awaywardness and maturity of its physical manhood, culminating in self-knowledge and abnegation. . . "
"Hidden Witchery" was published in 1898 an edition of 450 copies by Leonard Smithers, with illustrations by Will G. Mein.
A review in "The Outlook" commented:
"'Nigel Tourneur,' the author of 'Hidden Witchery' (Smithers), the latest contribution to symbolistic literature, is a Scot, and a literary critic of advanced and independent views. He calls 'Hidden Witchery' a 'tentative' book, and there seems little doubt that the writer's undoubted power will sooner or later find a very different artistic outlet. But the present volume, curious mixture that it is, has touches of exceptionally happy artistry."
As well as short stories, Nigel Tourneur wrote travel and historical articles and his work was published in British and American magazines including the "Overland Monthly", "Westward Ho!", "Scottish Art & Letters", "The Gentleman's Magazine", the "Commonweal", "Child's Own Magazine", and the "Catholic World".

</doc>
<doc id="19572077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572077" title="2008–09 Iran Football's 2nd Division">
2008–09 Iran Football's 2nd Division

The following is the standings of the Iran Football's 2nd Division 2008–09 football season.
Second round.
Group A.
On August 30, 2009 Iranjavan bought Moghavemat Mersad Football Club for a reported price of around $480,000 so Iranjavan Promoted Azadegan League

</doc>
<doc id="19572114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572114" title="Bill Fraser (disambiguation)">
Bill Fraser (disambiguation)

Bill Fraser (1908–1987) was a Scottish actor.
Bill Fraser may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19572115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572115" title="European Society of Gynaecological Oncology">
European Society of Gynaecological Oncology

The European Society of Gynaecological Oncology (ESGO) is a Europe-wide society of health care professionals and researchers specializing in the study, prevention, treatment and care of gynaecological cancers. The society, which has more than 1,000 members from over 30 European countries, was founded in Venice, Italy, in 1983.
Mission.
ESGO aims to “promote communication with scientific and professional bodies in order to create a dynamic and democratic European platform of individual professionals including specialists, fellows and nurses for networking, sharing of knowledge and improving gynecologic cancer care in Europe.”
Activities.
ESGO’s biennial conference regularly attracts over 1,500 participants, and enables European health care professionals and researchers involved in the field of gynaecological oncology to network, discuss, debate, and disseminate new medical and scientific studies relating to the treatment and care of gynaecological cancer. In addition to its conferences, ESGO organizes a number of educational events, workshops and backed meetings throughout the year and provides travel grants to its members.
ESGO is also active in developing educational tools such as videos, DVDs, and webcast lectures for the use of relevant health professionals.
The European Network of Gynaecological Oncological Trial Groups (ENGOT), an integral part of ESGO, is active in coordinating and promoting clinical trials on patients suffering from gynaecological cancers all over Europe.
Training and Accreditation.
In cooperation with the European Board and College of Obstetrics and Gynaecology (EBCOG) and on behalf of the European Union of Medical Specialists (UEMS), ESGO provides certification for trained gynaecologic oncologists and also accredits relevant instructional institutions.
ESGO’s gynaecological oncology training and accreditation programmes have become recognized standards in a number of European countries.
Journal.
ESGO's peer-reviewed official medical journal, the "International Journal of Gynecological Cancer", is published bimonthly and covers research related to gynaecological cancer such as experimental studies, chemotherapy, radiotherapy, diagnostic techniques, pathology epidemiology and surgery.

</doc>
<doc id="19572120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572120" title="Zero Motorcycles">
Zero Motorcycles

Zero Motorcycles Inc. is an American manufacturer of electric motorcycles. Formerly called Electricross, it was started in 2006 near Santa Cruz, California in Scotts Valley by Neal Saiki, a former NASA engineer.
Zero makes a line of dirt bikes including the X and higher performance MX. They also produce street motorcycles, beginning with S in 2009. The S began shipping in volume in 2010, the first model year to include the Agni Motor, at which time the DS, a dual-sport model based on the S chassis became available. The XU, a smaller street bike with a removable battery, based on the same chassis as the Zero dirtbikes was introduced in 2011.
In 2012, Zero introduced the ZF9 Power Pack with the Zero S & DS models making them the first production electric motorcycles that can exceed an EPA-estimated 100 miles on a single charge. In January 2012, Pike's Research ranked Zero Motorcycles the highest among electric motorcycle manufacturers.
There is a plug-in charging option for the 2013 Zero Motorcycles S, DS, X, FX, XU Motorcycles to allow CHAdeMO fast charging.

</doc>
<doc id="19572125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572125" title="Budapest Aircraft Service">
Budapest Aircraft Service

Budapest Aircraft Service (or BASe Kft) is an airline based in Budapest, Hungary. It previously operated charter services and international scheduled services for Malév Hungarian Airlines. Its main base is Budapest Ferihegy International Airport.
History.
The company was founded in 1991. It has received the first Embraer 120 Brasilia turboprop in 2005 and two more in 2008 along with their Bell 'rotorcraft'.
Fleet.
The BASe fleet includes the following aircraft types (at July 2012):

</doc>
<doc id="19572128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572128" title="Pleasants County Courthouse">
Pleasants County Courthouse

The Pleasants County Courthouse was built in 1924 in St. Marys, West Virginia. The Neo-Classical Revival style building replaced the original courthouse, which was badly damaged by lightning in 1923. The new courthouse was designed by architects Holboe & Pogue of Clarksburg and built by Putnam & Foreman of Marietta, Ohio for $99,963. Ornamentation of the facade was omitted to save costs.

</doc>
<doc id="19572131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572131" title="William Frazer">
William Frazer

William Frazer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19572148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572148" title="2008–09 Coppa Titano">
2008–09 Coppa Titano

Coppa Titano 2008–09 was the forty-ninth season of San Marino's oldest football competition. It began on 2 October 2008 with the first games of the Group Stage and ended on 4 May 2009 with the Final held at Stadio Olimpico, Serravalle. Murata were the defending champions. The winners of the competition earned a place in the second qualifying round of the UEFA Europa League 2009–10.
Competition format.
The competition consisted of two stages, the Group Stage and the Elimination Rounds. The Group Stage consisted of three groups with five teams each. Every team played two games (once home and once away) against every other team of its group. The top two teams from each group, as well as the two best third-placed teams, qualified for the Elimination Rounds. The Elimination Rounds were a single-game elimination tournament. Games in the Elimination Rounds were decided by extra time and, if necessary, a penalty shootout.
Group stage.
Results.
Group C.
Because Murata and La Fiorita had the same amount of points and identical goal difference, they played a deciding match in order to determine the second quarterfinal participant from Group A. The match was played on April 22, 2009 at Stadio Olimpico, Serravalle.
Elimination Rounds.
Quarterfinals.
The matches were played on 27 April 2009.
Semifinals.
The matches were played on 30 April 2009.
Final.
The match was played on 4 May 2009 at Stadio Olimpico, Serravalle.

</doc>
<doc id="19572161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572161" title="Carter House">
Carter House

Carter House may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19572193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572193" title="Carter House (Elkader, Iowa)">
Carter House (Elkader, Iowa)

Carter House in Elkader, Iowa, also known as W. C. Reimer House, is a Greek Revival home built in 1850. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="19572196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572196" title="Landquart">
Landquart

Landquart may be

</doc>
<doc id="19572217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572217" title="Influenza">
Influenza

Influenza, commonly known as "the flu", is an infectious disease of birds and mammals caused by RNA viruses of the family Orthomyxoviridae, the influenza viruses. The most common symptoms are chills, fever, runny nose, sore throat, muscle pains, headache (often severe), coughing, weakness/fatigue and general discomfort. Although it is often confused with other influenza-like illnesses, especially the common cold, influenza is a more severe disease caused by a different type of virus. Influenza may produce nausea and vomiting, particularly in children, but these symptoms are more common in the unrelated gastroenteritis, which is sometimes inaccurately referred to as "stomach flu" or "24-hour flu".
Typically, influenza is transmitted through the air by coughs or sneezes, creating aerosols containing the virus. Influenza can also be transmitted by direct contact with bird droppings or nasal secretions, or through contact with contaminated surfaces. Airborne aerosols have been thought to cause most infections, although which means of transmission is most important is not absolutely clear. Influenza viruses can be inactivated by sunlight, disinfectants and detergents. As the virus can be inactivated by soap, frequent hand washing reduces the risk of infection. Flu can occasionally lead to pneumonia, either direct viral pneumonia or secondary bacterial pneumonia, even for persons who are usually very healthy. In particular it is a warning sign if a child (or presumably an adult) seems to be getting better and then relapses with a high fever as this relapse may be bacterial pneumonia. Another warning sign is if the person starts to have trouble breathing.
Vaccinations against influenza are usually made available to people in developed countries. Farmed poultry is often vaccinated to avoid decimation of the flocks. The most common human vaccine is the trivalent influenza vaccine (TIV) that contains purified and inactivated antigens from three viral strains. Typically, this vaccine includes material from two influenza A virus subtypes and one influenza B virus strain. The TIV carries no risk of transmitting the disease. A vaccine formulated for one year may be ineffective in the following year, since the influenza virus evolves rapidly, and new strains quickly replace the older ones. Antiviral drugs such as the neuraminidase inhibitors oseltamivir among others have been used to treat influenza. Their benefits in those who are otherwise healthy do not appear to be greater than their risks. No benefit has been found in those with other health problems.
Influenza spreads around the world in seasonal epidemics, resulting in about three to five million yearly cases of severe illness and about 250,000 to 500,000 yearly deaths, rising to millions in some pandemic years. In the 20th century three influenza pandemics occurred, each caused by the appearance of a new strain of the virus in humans, and killed tens of millions of people. Often, new influenza strains appear when an existing flu virus spreads to humans from another animal species, or when an existing human strain picks up new genes from a virus that usually infects birds or pigs. An avian strain named H5N1 raised the concern of a new influenza pandemic after it emerged in Asia in the 1990s, but it has not evolved to a form that spreads easily between people. In April 2009 a novel flu strain evolved that combined genes from human, pig, and bird flu. Initially dubbed "swine flu" and also known as influenza A/H1N1, it emerged in Mexico, the United States, and several other nations. The World Health Organization officially declared the outbreak to be a pandemic on 11 June 2009 (see 2009 flu pandemic). The WHO's declaration of a pandemic level 6 was an indication of spread, not severity, the strain actually having a lower mortality rate than common flu outbreaks.
Signs and symptoms.
Approximately 33% of people with influenza are asymptomatic.
Symptoms of influenza can start quite suddenly one to two days after infection. Usually the first symptoms are chills or a chilly sensation, but fever is also common early in the infection, with body temperatures ranging from 38 to 39 °C (approximately 100 to 103 °F). Many people are so ill that they are confined to bed for several days, with aches and pains throughout their bodies, which are worse in their backs and legs. Symptoms of influenza may include:
It can be difficult to distinguish between the common cold and influenza in the early stages of these infections, but a flu can be identified by a high fever with a sudden onset and extreme fatigue. Influenza is a mixture of symptoms of common cold and pneumonia, body ache, headache, and fatigue. Diarrhea is not normally a symptom of influenza in adults, although it has been seen in some human cases of the H5N1 "bird flu" and can be a symptom in children. The symptoms most reliably seen in influenza are shown in the table to the right.
Since antiviral drugs are effective in treating influenza if given early (see treatment section, below), it can be important to identify cases early. Of the symptoms listed above, the combinations of fever with cough, sore throat and/or nasal congestion can improve diagnostic accuracy. Two decision analysis studies suggest that "during local outbreaks" of influenza, the prevalence will be over 70%, and thus patients with any of these combinations of symptoms may be treated with neuraminidase inhibitors without testing. Even in the absence of a local outbreak, treatment may be justified in the elderly during the influenza season as long as the prevalence is over 15%.
The available laboratory tests for influenza continue to improve. The United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) maintains an up-to-date summary of available laboratory tests. According to the CDC, rapid diagnostic tests have a sensitivity of 70–75% and specificity of 90–95% when compared with viral culture. These tests may be especially useful during the influenza season (prevalence=25%) but in the absence of a local outbreak, or peri-influenza season (prevalence=10%).
On the more serious side, influenza can occasionally cause either direct viral or secondary bacterial pneumonia. The obvious symptom is trouble breathing. In addition, if a child (or presumably an adult) seems to be getting better and then relapses with a high fever, that is a danger sign since this relapse can be bacterial pneumonia.
Virology.
Types of virus.
In virus classification influenza viruses are RNA viruses that make up three of the five genera of the family Orthomyxoviridae:
These viruses are only distantly related to the human parainfluenza viruses, which are RNA viruses belonging to the paramyxovirus family that are a common cause of respiratory infections in children such as croup, but can also cause a disease similar to influenza in adults.
Influenzavirus A.
This genus has one species, influenza A virus. Wild aquatic birds are the natural hosts for a large variety of influenza A. Occasionally, viruses are transmitted to other species and may then cause devastating outbreaks in domestic poultry or give rise to human influenza pandemics.
The type A viruses are the most virulent human pathogens among the three influenza types and cause the most severe disease. The influenza A virus can be subdivided into different serotypes based on the antibody response to these viruses. The serotypes that have been confirmed in humans, ordered by the number of known human pandemic deaths, are:
Influenzavirus B.
This genus has one species, influenza B virus. Influenza B almost exclusively infects humans and is less common than influenza A. The only other animals known to be susceptible to influenza B infection are the seal and the ferret. This type of influenza mutates at a rate 2–3 times slower than type A and consequently is less genetically diverse, with only one influenza B serotype. As a result of this lack of antigenic diversity, a degree of immunity to influenza B is usually acquired at an early age. However, influenza B mutates enough that lasting immunity is not possible. This reduced rate of antigenic change, combined with its limited host range (inhibiting cross species antigenic shift), ensures that pandemics of influenza B do not occur.
Influenzavirus C.
This genus has one species, influenza C virus, which infects humans, dogs and pigs, sometimes causing both severe illness and local epidemics. However, influenza C is less common than the other types and usually only causes mild disease in children.
Structure, properties, and subtype nomenclature.
Influenzaviruses A, B and C are very similar in overall structure. The virus particle is 80–120 nanometers in diameter and usually roughly spherical, although filamentous forms can occur. These filamentous forms are more common in influenza C, which can form cordlike structures up to 500 micrometers long on the surfaces of infected cells. However, despite these varied shapes, the viral particles of all influenza viruses are similar in composition. These are made of a viral envelope containing two main types of glycoproteins, wrapped around a central core. The central core contains the viral RNA genome and other viral proteins that package and protect this RNA. RNA tends to be single stranded but in special cases it is double. Unusually for a virus, its genome is not a single piece of nucleic acid; instead, it contains seven or eight pieces of segmented negative-sense RNA, each piece of RNA containing either one or two genes, which code for a gene product (protein). For example, the influenza A genome contains 11 genes on eight pieces of RNA, encoding for 11 proteins: hemagglutinin (HA), neuraminidase (NA), nucleoprotein (NP), M1, M2, NS1, NS2(NEP: nuclear export protein), PA, PB1 (polymerase basic 1), PB1-F2 and PB2.
Hemagglutinin (HA) and neuraminidase (NA) are the two large glycoproteins on the outside of the viral particles. HA is a lectin that mediates binding of the virus to target cells and entry of the viral genome into the target cell, while NA is involved in the release of progeny virus from infected cells, by cleaving sugars that bind the mature viral particles. Thus, these proteins are targets for antiviral drugs. Furthermore, they are antigens to which antibodies can be raised. Influenza A viruses are classified into subtypes based on antibody responses to HA and NA. These different types of HA and NA form the basis of the "H" and "N" distinctions in, for example, "H5N1". There are 16 H and 9 N subtypes known, but only H 1, 2 and 3, and N 1 and 2 are commonly found in humans.
Replication.
Viruses can replicate only in living cells. Influenza infection and replication is a multi-step process: First, the virus has to bind to and enter the cell, then deliver its genome to a site where it can produce new copies of viral proteins and RNA, assemble these components into new viral particles, and, last, exit the host cell.
Influenza viruses bind through hemagglutinin onto sialic acid sugars on the surfaces of epithelial cells, typically in the nose, throat, and lungs of mammals, and intestines of birds (Stage 1 in infection figure). After the hemagglutinin is cleaved by a protease, the cell imports the virus by endocytosis.
The intracellular details are still being elucidated. It is known that virions converge to the microtubule organizing center, interact with acidic endosomes and finally enter the target endosomes for genome release.
Once inside the cell, the acidic conditions in the endosome cause two events to happen: First, part of the hemagglutinin protein fuses the viral envelope with the vacuole's membrane, then the M2 ion channel allows protons to move through the viral envelope and acidify the core of the virus, which causes the core to dissemble and release the viral RNA and core proteins. The viral RNA (vRNA) molecules, accessory proteins and RNA-dependent RNA polymerase are then released into the cytoplasm (Stage 2). The M2 ion channel is blocked by amantadine drugs, preventing infection.
These core proteins and vRNA form a complex that is transported into the cell nucleus, where the RNA-dependent RNA polymerase begins transcribing complementary positive-sense vRNA (Steps 3a and b). The vRNA either is exported into the cytoplasm and translated (step 4) or remains in the nucleus. Newly synthesized viral proteins are either secreted through the Golgi apparatus onto the cell surface (in the case of neuraminidase and hemagglutinin, step 5b) or transported back into the nucleus to bind vRNA and form new viral genome particles (step 5a). Other viral proteins have multiple actions in the host cell, including degrading cellular mRNA and using the released nucleotides for vRNA synthesis and also inhibiting translation of host-cell mRNAs.
Negative-sense vRNAs that form the genomes of future viruses, RNA-dependent RNA polymerase, and other viral proteins are assembled into a virion. Hemagglutinin and neuraminidase molecules cluster into a bulge in the cell membrane. The vRNA and viral core proteins leave the nucleus and enter this membrane protrusion (step 6). The mature virus buds off from the cell in a sphere of host phospholipid membrane, acquiring hemagglutinin and neuraminidase with this membrane coat (step 7). As before, the viruses adhere to the cell through hemagglutinin; the mature viruses detach once their neuraminidase has cleaved sialic acid residues from the host cell. After the release of new influenza viruses, the host cell dies.
Because of the absence of RNA proofreading enzymes, the RNA-dependent RNA polymerase that copies the viral genome makes an error roughly every 10 thousand nucleotides, which is the approximate length of the influenza vRNA. Hence, the majority of newly manufactured influenza viruses are mutants; this causes antigenic drift, which is a slow change in the antigens on the viral surface over time. The separation of the genome into eight separate segments of vRNA allows mixing or reassortment of vRNAs if more than one type of influenza virus infects a single cell. The resulting rapid change in viral genetics produces antigenic shifts, which are sudden changes from one antigen to another. These sudden large changes allow the virus to infect new host species and quickly overcome protective immunity. This is important in the emergence of pandemics, as discussed below in the section on Epidemiology.
Mechanism.
Transmission.
Influenza virus shedding (the time during which a person might be infectious to another person) begins the day before symptoms appear and virus is then released for five to seven days. People who contract influenza are most infective between the second and third days after infection. The amount of virus shed appears to correlate with fever, with higher amounts of virus shed when temperatures are highest. Children are much more infectious than adults and shed virus from just before they develop symptoms until two weeks after infection.
Influenza can be spread in three main ways: by direct transmission (when an infected person sneezes mucus directly into the eyes, nose or mouth of another person); the airborne route (when someone inhales the aerosols produced by an infected person coughing, sneezing or spitting) and through hand-to-eye, hand-to-nose, or hand-to-mouth transmission, either from contaminated surfaces or from direct personal contact such as a hand-shake. The relative importance of these three modes of transmission is unclear, and they may all contribute to the spread of the virus. In the airborne route, the droplets that are small enough for people to inhale are 0.5 to 5 µm in diameter and inhaling just one droplet might be enough to cause an infection. Although a single sneeze releases up to 40,000 droplets, most of these droplets are quite large and will quickly settle out of the air. How long influenza survives in airborne droplets seems to be influenced by the levels of humidity and UV radiation, with low humidity and a lack of sunlight in winter aiding its survival.
As the influenza virus can persist outside of the body, it can also be transmitted by contaminated surfaces such as banknotes, doorknobs, light switches and other household items. The length of time the virus will persist on a surface varies, with the virus surviving for one to two days on hard, non-porous surfaces such as plastic or metal, for about fifteen minutes from dry paper tissues, and only five minutes on skin. However, if the virus is present in mucus, this can protect it for longer periods (up to 17 days on banknotes). Avian influenza viruses can survive indefinitely when frozen. They are inactivated by heating to 56 °C (133 °F) for a minimum of 60 minutes, as well as by acids (at pH <2).
Pathophysiology.
The mechanisms by which influenza infection causes symptoms in humans have been studied intensively. One of the mechanisms is believed to be the inhibition of adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH) resulting in lowered cortisol levels.
Knowing which genes are carried by a particular strain can help predict how well it will infect humans and how severe this infection will be (that is, predict the strain's pathophysiology).
For instance, part of the process that allows influenza viruses to invade cells is the cleavage of the viral hemagglutinin protein by any one of several human proteases. In mild and avirulent viruses, the structure of the hemagglutinin means that it can only be cleaved by proteases found in the throat and lungs, so these viruses cannot infect other tissues. However, in highly virulent strains, such as H5N1, the hemagglutinin can be cleaved by a wide variety of proteases, allowing the virus to spread throughout the body.
The viral hemagglutinin protein is responsible for determining both which species a strain can infect and where in the human respiratory tract a strain of influenza will bind. Strains that are easily transmitted between people have hemagglutinin proteins that bind to receptors in the upper part of the respiratory tract, such as in the nose, throat and mouth. In contrast, the highly lethal H5N1 strain binds to receptors that are mostly found deep in the lungs. This difference in the site of infection may be part of the reason why the H5N1 strain causes severe viral pneumonia in the lungs, but is not easily transmitted by people coughing and sneezing.
Common symptoms of the flu such as fever, headaches, and fatigue are the result of the huge amounts of proinflammatory cytokines and chemokines (such as interferon or tumor necrosis factor) produced from influenza-infected cells. In contrast to the rhinovirus that causes the common cold, influenza does cause tissue damage, so symptoms are not entirely due to the inflammatory response. This massive immune response might produce a life-threatening cytokine storm. This effect has been proposed to be the cause of the unusual lethality of both the H5N1 avian influenza, and the 1918 pandemic strain. However, another possibility is that these large amounts of cytokines are just a result of the massive levels of viral replication produced by these strains, and the immune response does not itself contribute to the disease.
Prevention.
Vaccination.
The influenza vaccine is recommended by the World Health Organization and United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention for high-risk groups, such as children, the elderly, health care workers, and people who have chronic illnesses such as asthma, diabetes, heart disease, or are immuno-compromised among others. In healthy adults it is modestly effective in decreasing the amount of influenza-like symptoms in a population. Evidence is supportive of a decreased rate of influenza in children over the age of two. In those with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease vaccination reduces exacerbations, it is not clear if it reduces asthma exacerbations. Evidence supports a lower rate of influenza-like illness in many groups who are immunocompromised such as those with: HIV/AIDS, cancer, and post organ transplant. In those at high risk immunization may reduce the risk of heart disease. Whether immunizing health care workers effects patient outcomes is controversial with some reviews finding insufficient evidence and others finding tentative evidence.
Due to the high mutation rate of the virus, a particular influenza vaccine usually confers protection for no more than a few years. Every year, the World Health Organization predicts which strains of the virus are most likely to be circulating in the next year (see Historical annual reformulations of the influenza vaccine), allowing pharmaceutical companies to develop vaccines that will provide the best immunity against these strains. The vaccine is reformulated each season for a few specific flu strains but does not include all the strains active in the world during that season. It takes about six months for the manufacturers to formulate and produce the millions of doses required to deal with the seasonal epidemics; occasionally, a new or overlooked strain becomes prominent during that time. It is also possible to get infected just before vaccination and get sick with the strain that the vaccine is supposed to prevent, as the vaccine takes about two weeks to become effective.
Vaccines can cause the immune system to react as if the body were actually being infected, and general infection symptoms (many cold and flu symptoms are just general infection symptoms) can appear, though these symptoms are usually not as severe or long-lasting as influenza. The most dangerous adverse effect is a severe allergic reaction to either the virus material itself or residues from the hen eggs used to grow the influenza; however, these reactions are extremely rare.
The cost-effectiveness of seasonal influenza vaccination has been widely evaluated for different groups and in different settings. It has generally been found to be a cost-effective intervention, especially in children and the elderly, however the results of economic evaluations of influenza vaccination have often been found to be dependent on key assumptions.
Infection control.
Reasonably effective ways to reduce the transmission of influenza include good personal health and hygiene habits such as: not touching your eyes, nose or mouth; frequent hand washing (with soap and water, or with alcohol-based hand rubs); covering coughs and sneezes; avoiding close contact with sick people; and staying home yourself if you are sick. Avoiding spitting is also recommended. Although face masks might help prevent transmission when caring for the sick, there is mixed evidence on beneficial effects in the community. Smoking raises the risk of contracting influenza, as well as producing more severe disease symptoms.
Since influenza spreads through both aerosols and contact with contaminated surfaces, surface sanitizing may help prevent some infections. Alcohol is an effective sanitizer against influenza viruses, while quaternary ammonium compounds can be used with alcohol so that the sanitizing effect lasts for longer. In hospitals, quaternary ammonium compounds and bleach are used to sanitize rooms or equipment that have been occupied by patients with influenza symptoms. At home, this can be done effectively with a diluted chlorine bleach.
During past pandemics, closing schools, churches and theaters slowed the spread of the virus but did not have a large effect on the overall death rate. It is uncertain if reducing public gatherings, by for example closing schools and workplaces, will reduce transmission since people with influenza may just be moved from one area to another; such measures would also be difficult to enforce and might be unpopular. When small numbers of people are infected, isolating the sick might reduce the risk of transmission.
Treatment.
People with the flu are advised to get plenty of rest, drink plenty of liquids, avoid using alcohol and tobacco and, if necessary, take medications such as acetaminophen (paracetamol) to relieve the fever and muscle aches associated with the flu. Children and teenagers with flu symptoms (particularly fever) should avoid taking aspirin during an influenza infection (especially influenza type B), because doing so can lead to Reye's syndrome, a rare but potentially fatal disease of the liver. Since influenza is caused by a virus, antibiotics have no effect on the infection; unless prescribed for secondary infections such as bacterial pneumonia. Antiviral medication may be effective, but some strains of influenza can show resistance to the standard antiviral drugs and there is concern about the quality of the research.
Antivirals.
The two classes of antiviral drugs used against influenza are neuraminidase inhibitors (oseltamivir and zanamivir) and M2 protein inhibitors (adamantane derivatives).
Neuraminidase inhibitors.
Overall the benefits of neuraminidase inhibitors in those who are otherwise healthy do not appear to be greater than the risks. There does not appear to be any benefit in those with other health problems. In those believed to have the flu they decreased the length of time symptoms are present by slightly less than a day but do not appear to affect the risk of complications such as needing hospitalization or pneumonia. Previous to 2013 the benefits were unclear as the manufacturer (Roche) refused to release trial data for independent analysis.
M2 inhibitors.
The antiviral drugs amantadine and rimantadine block a viral ion channel (M2 protein) and prevent the virus from infecting cells. These drugs are sometimes effective against influenza A if given early in the infection but are ineffective against influenza B viruses, which lack the M2 drug target. Measured resistance to amantadine and rimantadine in American isolates of H3N2 has increased to 91% in 2005. This high level of resistance may be due to the easy availability of amantadines as part of over-the-counter cold remedies in countries such as China and Russia, and their use to prevent outbreaks of influenza in farmed poultry. The CDC recommended against using M2 inhibitors during the 2005–06 influenza season due to high levels of drug resistance.
Prognosis.
Influenza's effects are much more severe and last longer than those of the common cold. Most people will recover completely in about one to two weeks, but others will develop life-threatening complications (such as pneumonia). Thus, influenza can be deadly, especially for the weak, young and old, or chronically ill. People with a weak immune system, such as people with advanced HIV infection or transplant patients (whose immune systems are medically suppressed to prevent transplant organ rejection), suffer from particularly severe disease. Pregnant women and young children are also at a high risk for complications.
The flu can worsen chronic health problems. People with emphysema, chronic bronchitis or asthma may experience shortness of breath while they have the flu, and influenza may cause worsening of coronary heart disease or congestive heart failure. Smoking is another risk factor associated with more serious disease and increased mortality from influenza.
According to the World Health Organization: "Every winter, tens of millions of people get the flu. Most are only ill and out of work for a week, yet the elderly are at a higher risk of death from the illness. We know the worldwide death toll exceeds a few hundred thousand people a year, but even in developed countries the numbers are uncertain, because medical authorities don't usually verify who actually died of influenza and who died of a flu-like illness." Even healthy people can be affected, and serious problems from influenza can happen at any age. People over 50 years old, very young children and people of any age with chronic medical conditions are more likely to get complications from influenza, such as pneumonia, bronchitis, sinus, and ear infections.
In some cases, an autoimmune response to an influenza infection may contribute to the development of Guillain-Barré syndrome. However, as many other infections can increase the risk of this disease, influenza may only be an important cause during epidemics. This syndrome has been believed to also be a rare side effect of influenza vaccines. One review gives an incidence of about one case per million vaccinations. Getting infected by influenza itself increases both the risk of death (up to 1 in 10,000) and increases the risk of developing GBS to a much higher level than the highest level of suspected vaccine involvement (approx. 10 times higher by recent estimates).
Epidemiology.
Seasonal variations.
Influenza reaches peak prevalence in winter, and because the Northern and Southern Hemispheres have winter at different times of the year, there are actually two different flu seasons each year. This is why the World Health Organization (assisted by the National Influenza Centers) makes recommendations for two different vaccine formulations every year; one for the Northern, and one for the Southern Hemisphere.
A long-standing puzzle has been why outbreaks of the flu occur seasonally rather than uniformly throughout the year. One possible explanation is that, because people are indoors more often during the winter, they are in close contact more often, and this promotes transmission from person to person. Increased travel due to the Northern Hemisphere winter holiday season may also play a role. Another factor is that cold temperatures lead to drier air, which may dehydrate mucus, preventing the body from effectively expelling virus particles. The virus also survives longer on surfaces at colder temperatures and aerosol transmission of the virus is highest in cold environments (less than 5 °C) with low relative humidity. Indeed, the lower air humidity in winter seems to be the main cause of seasonal influenza transmission in temperate regions.
However, seasonal changes in infection rates also occur in tropical regions, and in some countries these peaks of infection are seen mainly during the rainy season. Seasonal changes in contact rates from school terms, which are a major factor in other childhood diseases such as measles and pertussis, may also play a role in the flu. A combination of these small seasonal effects may be amplified by dynamical resonance with the endogenous disease cycles. H5N1 exhibits seasonality in both humans and birds.
An alternative hypothesis to explain seasonality in influenza infections is an effect of vitamin D levels on immunity to the virus. This idea was first proposed by Robert Edgar Hope-Simpson in 1965. He proposed that the cause of influenza epidemics during winter may be connected to seasonal fluctuations of vitamin D, which is produced in the skin under the influence of solar (or artificial) UV radiation. This could explain why influenza occurs mostly in winter and during the tropical rainy season, when people stay indoors, away from the sun, and their vitamin D levels fall.
Epidemic and pandemic spread.
As influenza is caused by a variety of species and strains of viruses, in any given year some strains can die out while others create epidemics, while yet another strain can cause a pandemic. Typically, in a year's normal two flu seasons (one per hemisphere), there are between three and five million cases of severe illness and around 500,000 deaths worldwide, which by some definitions is a yearly influenza epidemic. Although the incidence of influenza can vary widely between years, approximately 36,000 deaths and more than 200,000 hospitalizations are directly associated with influenza every year in the United States. On average 41,400 people died each year in the United States between 1979 and 2001 from influenza. In 2010 the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) in the United States changed the way it reports the 30 year estimates for deaths. Now they are reported as a range from a low of about 3,300 deaths to a high of 49,000 per year.
Roughly three times per century, a pandemic occurs, which infects a large proportion of the world's population and can kill tens of millions of people (see pandemics section). One study estimated that if a strain with similar virulence to the 1918 influenza emerged today, it could kill between 50 and 80 million people.
New influenza viruses are constantly evolving by mutation or by reassortment. Mutations can cause small changes in the hemagglutinin and neuraminidase antigens on the surface of the virus. This is called antigenic drift, which slowly creates an increasing variety of strains until one evolves that can infect people who are immune to the pre-existing strains. This new variant then replaces the older strains as it rapidly sweeps through the human population, often causing an epidemic. However, since the strains produced by drift will still be reasonably similar to the older strains, some people will still be immune to them. In contrast, when influenza viruses reassort, they acquire completely new antigens—for example by reassortment between avian strains and human strains; this is called antigenic shift. If a human influenza virus is produced that has entirely new antigens, everybody will be susceptible, and the novel influenza will spread uncontrollably, causing a pandemic. In contrast to this model of pandemics based on antigenic drift and shift, an alternative approach has been proposed where the periodic pandemics are produced by interactions of a fixed set of viral strains with a human population with a constantly changing set of immunities to different viral strains.
History.
Etymology.
The word "Influenza" comes from the Italian language meaning "influence" and refers to the cause of the disease; initially, this ascribed illness to unfavorable astrological influences. Changes in medical thought led to its modification to "influenza del freddo", meaning "influence of the cold". The word "influenza" was first used in English to refer to the disease we know today in 1703 by J. Hugger of the University of Edinburgh in his thesis "De Catarrho epidemio, vel Influenza, prout in India occidentali sese ostendit".
Archaic terms for influenza include "epidemic catarrh", "grippe" (from the French, first used by Molyneaux in 1694 ), "sweating sickness", and "Spanish fever" (particularly for the 1918 flu pandemic strain).
Pandemics.
The symptoms of human influenza were clearly described by Hippocrates roughly 2,400 years ago. Although the virus seems to have caused epidemics throughout human history, historical data on influenza are difficult to interpret, because the symptoms can be similar to those of other respiratory diseases. The disease may have spread from Europe to the Americas as early as the European colonization of the Americas; since almost the entire indigenous population of the Antilles was killed by an epidemic resembling influenza that broke out in 1493, after the arrival of Christopher Columbus.
The first convincing record of an influenza pandemic was of an outbreak in 1580, which began in Russia and spread to Europe via Africa. In Rome, over 8,000 people were killed, and several Spanish cities were almost wiped out. Pandemics continued sporadically throughout the 17th and 18th centuries, with the pandemic of 1830–1833 being particularly widespread; it infected approximately a quarter of the people exposed.
The most famous and lethal outbreak was the 1918 flu pandemic (Spanish flu pandemic) (type A influenza, H1N1 subtype), which lasted from 1918 to 1919. It is not known exactly how many it killed, but estimates range from 50 to 100 million people. This pandemic has been described as "the greatest medical holocaust in history" and may have killed as many people as the Black Death. This huge death toll was caused by an extremely high infection rate of up to 50% and the extreme severity of the symptoms, suspected to be caused by cytokine storms. Indeed, symptoms in 1918 were so unusual that initially influenza was misdiagnosed as dengue, cholera, or typhoid. One observer wrote, "One of the most striking of the complications was hemorrhage from mucous membranes, especially from the nose, stomach, and intestine. Bleeding from the ears and petechial hemorrhages in the skin also occurred." The majority of deaths were from bacterial pneumonia, a secondary infection caused by influenza, but the virus also killed people directly, causing massive hemorrhages and edema in the lung.
The 1918 flu pandemic (Spanish flu pandemic) was truly global, spreading even to the Arctic and remote Pacific islands. The unusually severe disease killed between 2 and 20% of those infected, as opposed to the more usual flu epidemic mortality rate of 0.1%. Another unusual feature of this pandemic was that it mostly killed young adults, with 99% of pandemic influenza deaths occurring in people under 65, and more than half in young adults 20 to 40 years old. This is unusual since influenza is normally most deadly to the very young (under age 2) and the very old (over age 70). The total mortality of the 1918–1919 pandemic is not known, but it is estimated that 2.5% to 5% of the world's population was killed. As many as 25 million may have been killed in the first 25 weeks; in contrast, HIV/AIDS has killed 25 million in its first 25 years.
Later flu pandemics were not so devastating. They included the 1957 Asian Flu (type A, H2N2 strain) and the 1968 Hong Kong Flu (type A, H3N2 strain), but even these smaller outbreaks killed millions of people. In later pandemics antibiotics were available to control secondary infections and this may have helped reduce mortality compared to the Spanish Flu of 1918.
The first influenza virus to be isolated was from poultry, when in 1901 the agent causing a disease called "fowl plague" was passed through Chamberland filters, which have pores that are too small for bacteria to pass through. The etiological cause of influenza, the Orthomyxoviridae family of viruses, was first discovered in pigs by Richard Shope in 1931. This discovery was shortly followed by the isolation of the virus from humans by a group headed by Patrick Laidlaw at the Medical Research Council of the United Kingdom in 1933. However, it was not until Wendell Stanley first crystallized tobacco mosaic virus in 1935 that the non-cellular nature of viruses was appreciated.
The first significant step towards preventing influenza was the development in 1944 of a killed-virus vaccine for influenza by Thomas Francis, Jr.. This built on work by Australian Frank Macfarlane Burnet, who showed that the virus lost virulence when it was cultured in fertilized hen's eggs. Application of this observation by Francis allowed his group of researchers at the University of Michigan to develop the first influenza vaccine, with support from the U.S. Army. The Army was deeply involved in this research due to its experience of influenza in World War I, when thousands of troops were killed by the virus in a matter of months. In comparison to vaccines, the development of anti-influenza drugs has been slower, with amantadine being licensed in 1966 and, almost thirty years later, the next class of drugs (the neuraminidase inhibitors) being developed.
Society and culture.
Influenza produces direct costs due to lost productivity and associated medical treatment, as well as indirect costs of preventative measures. In the United States, influenza is responsible for a total cost of over $10 billion per year, while it has been estimated that a future pandemic could cause hundreds of billions of dollars in direct and indirect costs. However, the economic impacts of past pandemics have not been intensively studied, and some authors have suggested that the Spanish influenza actually had a positive long-term effect on per-capita income growth, despite a large reduction in the working population and severe short-term depressive effects. Other studies have attempted to predict the costs of a pandemic as serious as the 1918 Spanish flu on the U.S. economy, where 30% of all workers became ill, and 2.5% were killed. A 30% sickness rate and a three-week length of illness would decrease the gross domestic product by 5%. Additional costs would come from medical treatment of 18 million to 45 million people, and total economic costs would be approximately $700 billion.
Preventative costs are also high. Governments worldwide have spent billions of U.S. dollars preparing and planning for a potential H5N1 avian influenza pandemic, with costs associated with purchasing drugs and vaccines as well as developing disaster drills and strategies for improved border controls. On 1 November 2005, United States President George W. Bush unveiled the National Strategy to Safeguard Against the Danger of Pandemic Influenza backed by a request to Congress for $7.1 billion to begin implementing the plan. Internationally, on 18 January 2006, donor nations pledged US$2 billion to combat bird flu at the two-day International Pledging Conference on Avian and Human Influenza held in China.
In an assessment of the 2009 H1N1 pandemic on selected countries in the Southern Hemisphere, data suggest that all countries experienced some time-limited and/or geographically isolated socio/economic effects and a temporary decrease in tourism most likely due to fear of 2009 H1N1 disease. It is still too early to determine whether the H1N1 pandemic has caused any long-term economic impacts.
Research.
Research on influenza includes studies on molecular virology, how the virus produces disease (pathogenesis), host immune responses, viral genomics, and how the virus spreads (epidemiology). These studies help in developing influenza countermeasures; for example, a better understanding of the body's immune system response helps vaccine development, and a detailed picture of how influenza invades cells aids the development of antiviral drugs. One important basic research program is the Influenza Genome Sequencing Project, which is creating a library of influenza sequences; this library should help clarify which factors make one strain more lethal than another, which genes most affect immunogenicity, and how the virus evolves over time.
Research into new vaccines is particularly important, as current vaccines are very slow and expensive to produce and must be reformulated every year. The sequencing of the influenza genome and recombinant DNA technology may accelerate the generation of new vaccine strains by allowing scientists to substitute new antigens into a previously developed vaccine strain. New technologies are also being developed to grow viruses in cell culture, which promises higher yields, less cost, better quality and surge capacity. Research on a universal influenza A vaccine, targeted against the external domain of the transmembrane viral M2 protein (M2e), is being done at the University of Ghent by Walter Fiers, Xavier Saelens and their team and has now successfully concluded Phase I clinical trials. There has been some research success towards a "universal flu vaccine" that produces antibodies against proteins on the viral coat which mutate less rapidly, and thus a single shot could potentially provide longer-lasting protection.
A number of biologics, therapeutic vaccines and immunobiologics are also being investigated for treatment of infection caused by viruses. Therapeutic biologics are designed to activate the immune response to virus or antigens. Typically, biologics do not target metabolic pathways like anti-viral drugs, but stimulate immune cells such as lymphocytes, macrophages, and/or antigen presenting cells, in an effort to drive an immune response towards a cytotoxic effect against the virus. Influenza models, such as murine influenza, are convenient models to test the effects of prophylactic and therapeutic biologics. For example, Lymphocyte T-Cell Immune Modulator inhibits viral growth in the murine model of influenza.
Other animals.
Influenza infects many animal species, and transfer of viral strains between species can occur. Birds are thought to be the main animal reservoirs of influenza viruses. Sixteen forms of hemagglutinin and nine forms of neuraminidase have been identified. All known subtypes (HxNy) are found in birds, but many subtypes are endemic in humans, dogs, horses, and pigs; populations of camels, ferrets, cats, seals, mink, and whales also show evidence of prior infection or exposure to influenza. Variants of flu virus are sometimes named according to the species the strain is endemic in or adapted to. The main variants named using this convention are: Bird Flu, Human Flu, Swine Flu, Horse Flu and Dog Flu. (Cat flu generally refers to Feline viral rhinotracheitis or Feline calicivirus and not infection from an influenza virus.) In pigs, horses and dogs, influenza symptoms are similar to humans, with cough, fever and loss of appetite. The frequency of animal diseases are not as well-studied as human infection, but an outbreak of influenza in harbor seals caused approximately 500 seal deaths off the New England coast in 1979–1980. On the other hand, outbreaks in pigs are common and do not cause severe mortality. Vaccines have also been developed to protect poultry from avian influenza. These vaccines can be effective against multiple strains and are used either as part of a preventative strategy, or combined with culling in attempts to eradicate outbreaks.
Bird flu.
Flu symptoms in birds are variable and can be unspecific. The symptoms following infection with low-pathogenicity avian influenza may be as mild as ruffled feathers, a small reduction in egg production, or weight loss combined with minor respiratory disease. Since these mild symptoms can make diagnosis in the field difficult, tracking the spread of avian influenza requires laboratory testing of samples from infected birds. Some strains such as Asian H9N2 are highly virulent to poultry and may cause more extreme symptoms and significant mortality. In its most highly pathogenic form, influenza in chickens and turkeys produces a sudden appearance of severe symptoms and almost 100% mortality within two days. As the virus spreads rapidly in the crowded conditions seen in the intensive farming of chickens and turkeys, these outbreaks can cause large economic losses to poultry farmers.
An avian-adapted, highly pathogenic strain of H5N1 (called HPAI A(H5N1), for "highly pathogenic avian influenza virus of type A of subtype H5N1") causes H5N1 flu, commonly known as "avian influenza" or simply "bird flu", and is endemic in many bird populations, especially in Southeast Asia. This Asian lineage strain of HPAI A(H5N1) is spreading globally. It is epizootic (an epidemic in non-humans) and panzootic (a disease affecting animals of many species, especially over a wide area), killing tens of millions of birds and spurring the culling of hundreds of millions of other birds in an attempt to control its spread. Most references in the media to "bird flu" and most references to H5N1 are about this specific strain.
At present, HPAI A(H5N1) is an avian disease, and there is no evidence suggesting efficient human-to-human transmission of HPAI A(H5N1). In almost all cases, those infected have had extensive physical contact with infected birds. In the future, H5N1 may mutate or reassort into a strain capable of efficient human-to-human transmission. The exact changes that are required for this to happen are not well understood. However, due to the high lethality and virulence of H5N1, its endemic presence, and its large and increasing biological host reservoir, the H5N1 virus was the world's pandemic threat in the 2006–07 flu season, and billions of dollars are being raised and spent researching H5N1 and preparing for a potential influenza pandemic.
In March 2013, the Chinese government reported three cases of H7N9 influenza infections in humans. Two of whom had died and the third was critically ill. Although the strain of the virus is not thought to spread efficiently between humans, by mid-April, at least 82 persons had become ill from H7N9, of which 17 had died. These cases include three small family clusters in Shanghai and one cluster between a neighboring girl and boy in Beijing, raising at least the possibility of human-to-human transmission. WHO points out that one cluster did not have two of the cases lab confirmed and further points out, as a matter of baseline information, that some viruses are able to cause limited human-to-human transmission under conditions of close contact but are not transmissible enough to cause large community outbreaks.
Swine flu.
In pigs swine influenza produces fever, lethargy, sneezing, coughing, difficulty breathing and decreased appetite. In some cases the infection can cause abortion. Although mortality is usually low, the virus can produce weight loss and poor growth, causing economic loss to farmers. Infected pigs can lose up to 12 pounds of body weight over a 3 to 4 week period. Direct transmission of an influenza virus from pigs to humans is occasionally possible (this is called zoonotic swine flu). In all, 50 human cases are known to have occurred since the virus was identified in the mid-20th century, which have resulted in six deaths.
In 2009, a swine-origin H1N1 virus strain commonly referred to as "swine flu" caused the 2009 flu pandemic, but there is no evidence that it is endemic to pigs (i.e. actually a swine flu) or of transmission from pigs to people, instead the virus is spreading from person to person. This strain is a reassortment of several strains of H1N1 that are usually found separately, in humans, birds, and pigs.
Further reading.
General
History
Microbiology
Pathogenesis
Epidemiology
Treatment and prevention
Research

</doc>
<doc id="19572227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572227" title="Patrick Lynch (Argentina)">
Patrick Lynch (Argentina)

Patrick Lynch (born 1715, date of death unknown) was an Irish emigrant who became a significant landowner in Rio de la Plata, which is now part of Argentina. He was born in Galway and was the second son of Captain Patrick Lynch of Lydycan Lydican Castle and Agnes Blake. The Lynches and the Blakes were two of the fourteen tribes of Galway, who dominated the political, commercial, and social life of the city of Galway in western Ireland between the mid-13th and late-19th centuries. The Lynches had been leaving Ireland since their defeat at the hands of Cromwell's forces and later those of William of Orange,when members of the family were expelled from Ireland. Patrick left in the 1740s for Bilbao, Spain, and travelled from there to Rio de la Plata, where he settled and was a "Regidor" (royal representative ) and Captain in the "Milicias". In 1749, in Buenos Aires, he married Rosa de Galayn y de la Camara, a wealthy heiress. He was successful enough to pass on substantial lands to his eldest surviving son, Justo Pastor Lynch who was a customs official under Viceroy Cisneros, also a Captain and Regidor. He was confirmed in his post by the revolutionary government on account of his well known probity.
Descendants.
Lynch's descendants through various branches of the family include the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19572244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572244" title="King Fahd Complex for the Printing of the Holy Quran">
King Fahd Complex for the Printing of the Holy Quran

King Fahd Complex for the Printing of the Holy Qur'an (Arabic: مجمع الملك فهد لطباعة المصحف الشريف) is a printing plant located in Medina, Saudi Arabia that publishes the Qur'an in Arabic and other languages. 
The company produces about 10 million copies a year. It has 1,700 employees. It has published 55 different translations of the Qur'an in 39 languages. Its website offers the Arabic Qur'an, recitations, textual search, translations, images of early Qur'an manuscripts, and exegetic commentaries. Since 1985, The Complex made over 128 million books of the Qur'an, which is widely used by all sects of Islam. Original copy was written by calligrapher, Uthman Taha
Production.
From 1985, its opening year, until 2007

</doc>
<doc id="19572250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572250" title="Locus Computing Corporation">
Locus Computing Corporation

Locus Computing Corporation was formed in 1982 by Gerald J. Popek
to commercialize the technologies developed for the LOCUS distributed operating system at UCLA. Locus was notable for commercializing single-system image software and producing the Merge package which allowed the use of DOS and Windows 3.1 software on Unix systems.
Locus was acquired by Platinum Technology Inc in 1995.
Products.
AIX for IBM PS/2 and System/370.
Locus was commissioned by IBM to produce a version of the AIX UNIX based operating system for the PS/2 and System/370 ranges. The single-system image capabilities of LOCUS were incorporated under the name of AIX TCF (transparent computing facility).
OSF/1 AD for the Intel Paragon.
Locus was commissioned by Intel to produce a multiprocessor version of OSF/1 for the Intel Paragon a massively parallel NORMA (No Remote Memory Access) system.
The system was known as OSF/1 AD, where AD stood for "Advanced Development".
To allow inter processor process migration and communication between the individual nodes of the Paragon system they re-worked the TCF technology from LOCUS as Transparent Network Computing, or TNC, inventing the concept of the VPROC (virtual process) an analogy of the VNODE (virtual inode) from the SunOS virtual file system.
UnixWare NonStop Clusters.
Locus was commissioned by Tandem Computers to include their TNC technology in a highly available single-system image clustering system based on SCO UnixWare, UnixWare NonStop Clusters.
During the course of the project Locus was acquired by Platinum Technology Inc, who transferred the team working on NonStop Clusters to Tandem.
Tandem were later bought by Compaq. The UnixWare product was acquired from SCO by Caldera who discontinued commercialization of the NonStop Clusters product in favor of the simpler Reliant HA system. Compaq then decided to release the NonStop Clusters code as open source software, porting it to Linux as the OpenSSI project.
Merge.
Merge was a system developed by Locus in late 1984 for the AT&T 6300+ computer, which allowed DOS (and hence DOS applications) to be run under the native UNIX SVR2 operating system.
The 6300+ used an Intel 80286 processor and included special purpose circuitry to allow virtualization of the 8086 instruction set used by DOS.
Merge was later modified to use the Virtual 8086 mode provided by Intel 80386 processors. It was sold for Microport SVR3 and later SCO Unix.
In the late 1980, the main commercial competitor of Merge was VP/IX developed by Interactive Systems Corporation and Phoenix Technologies.
Locus eventually joined the Microsoft WISE
program which gave them access to Windows source code, which allowed later versions of Merge to run Windows "Shrink wrapped" applications without a copy of Windows.

</doc>
<doc id="19572280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572280" title="Levitt Hagg">
Levitt Hagg

Levitt Hagg (sometimes spelled Levit Hagg or Levett Hagg ) is an abandoned hamlet in South Yorkshire, located approximately two miles southwest of Doncaster and near Conisbrough Castle. Limestone began to be quarried at the site in ancient times. Levitt Hagg was also the site, along with nearby environs in the Don Gorge, of ancient woodlands rich in yew trees. The old settlement of Levitt Hagg was removed in the 1950s.
Toponomy.
The settlement took its name from Hagg, an archaic word which meant 'broken ground in a bog,' and from the Levett family, an Anglo-Norman family prominent in Yorkshire for centuries.
History.
The River Don valley, in which the settlement was situated, was a site given to limestone formations which lent themselves to early mining for building purposes. The area in which Levitt Hagg is located was known as Conisbrough Cliffs and was composed of two quarries: Near Cliff, which had been exhausted by 1791; and "Far Cliff" which included the long-gone early industrial hamlet of Levitt Hagg.
Limestone from the quarries at Levitt Hagg, which had a vertical height of 75 feet, has been widely used in building in the South Yorkshire area since medieval times. The soft dolomite limestone from the banks of the Don east of Conisbrough made ideal building material, which yielded profits for some. An account book from the mid-eighteenth century records the expenses of quarrying limestone at the site, which belonged at that time to the Battie-Wrightson family of Cusworth.
As well as quarrying operations, barges to be used on the canals were also built on the bank by the village, the first one being completed in 1886. Boat building was abandoned in 1901. The only surviving evidence of industrial activity are abandoned lime kilns, the upper portions of which are still visible. Today Levitt Hagg is the site of an abandoned quarry and landfill site, providing refuge for four species of bats, including whiskered, long-eared, Daubenton's and Natterer's. (The bats and their habitat are protected by law.)
Village.
The village of Levitt Hagg began to grow around 1815 when the company of Lockwood, Blagden and Kemp constructed six cottages, known locally as 'White Row.' Four more houses had been constructed before 1851 when, according to the 1851 census, the dwellings were occupied by 60 people. During 1875, six more houses were constructed. Each one contained a living room, two bedrooms, an attic and a kitchen. At this time the village population was nearly 100, and in 1878 a small Mission Hall cum Reading Room was built on a site given by Cusworth Hall Estate owner William Battie-Wrightson.
During 1925, the County Medical Officer made a report on the sanitary conditions at Levitt Hagg, and his findings were that many of the houses were in a state of disrepair, water had to be obtained from wells and drainage was discharged into the river and whenever the river overflowed the houses were prone to flooding. The insanitary conditions and the badly polluted state of the river led to all the Levitt Hagg houses being condemned as unfit for occupation and by 1957 the area had been cleared.
Landfill site.
The Levitt Hagg landfill site is run by Waste Recycling Group who have restored 2 acres to calcareous grassland and installed equipment to supply gas from the site to the grid.

</doc>
<doc id="19572290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572290" title="Peña (music)">
Peña (music)

A Peña is a meeting place or grouping of musicians or artists, either in Spain (where it is known as "Peña Flamenca") or in various South American countries. In Chile in particular, the term came to mean a cheap, popular venue where folk music was played and simple food and drink were available, usually in the form of Nueva Canción, the kind of music popularised by musicians such as Violeta Parra and Victor Jara in the 1960s and early 70s 
Because of its association with the Unidad Popular Government of Salvador Allende, the concept of a Peña is often associated with social justice and grassroots culture.

</doc>
<doc id="19572297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572297" title="August Roterberg">
August Roterberg

August Roterberg (1867–1928) was born in Hamburg, Germany and emigrated to the United States around 1883 as a teenager. He started out selling magic by mail order, and then opened a magic store in Chicago. It was housed in the lobby of the "old" Palmer House Hotel.
Roterberg really started the modern age of magic publishing. His books were the first in English, written expressly for magicians. Roterberg's books were published by a magic dealer specifically for sale in magical depots, rather than for wide distribution to the general public. He ended up selling his mail order business in 1908 to Ralph W. Read and his shop to Arthur & Carl Felsman in 1916.
Roterberg is best known as a magic inventor and is credited with inventing the "Multiplying Billiard Balls" trick.
He eventually retired around 1917 and eventually moved to California, where he lived until his death.

</doc>
<doc id="19572306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572306" title="Atya">
Atya

Atya is a genus of freshwater shrimp of the family Atyidae, ranging through the Antilles and along the Atlantic and Pacific slopes of Central and South America and in western Africa. It contains the following species:

</doc>
<doc id="19572333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572333" title="Neurological disorder">
Neurological disorder

A neurological disorder is any disorder of the body nervous system. Structural, biochemical or electrical abnormalities in the brain, spinal cord or other nerves can result in a range of symptoms. Examples of symptoms include paralysis, muscle weakness, poor coordination, loss of sensation, seizures, confusion, pain and altered levels of consciousness.There are many recognized neurological disorders, some relatively common, but many rare. They may be assessed by neurological examination, and studied and treated within the specialities of neurology and clinical neuropsychology.
Interventions for neurological disorders include preventative measures, lifestyle changes, physiotherapy or other therapy, neurorehabilitation, pain management, medication, or operations performed by neurosurgeons. The World Health Organization estimated in 2006 that neurological disorders and their sequelae (direct consequences) affect as many as one billion people worldwide, and identified health inequalities and social stigma/discrimination as major factors contributing to the associated disability and suffering.
Causes.
The specific causes of neurological problems vary, but can include genetic disorders, congenital abnormalities or disorders, infections, lifestyle or environmental health problems including malnutrition, and brain injury, spinal cord injury or nerve injury. The problem may start in another body system that interacts with the nervous system. For example, cerebrovascular disorders involve brain injury due to problems with the blood vessels (cardiovascular system) supplying the brain; autoimmune disorders involve damage caused by the body's own immune system; lysosomal storage diseases such as Niemann-Pick disease can lead to neurological deterioration.
In a substantial minority of cases of neurological symptoms, no neural cause can be identified using current testing procedures, and such "idiopathic" conditions can invite different theories about what is occurring.
Classification.
Neurological disorders can be categorized according to the primary location affected, the primary type of dysfunction involved, or the primary type of cause. The broadest division is between central nervous system (CNS) disorders and peripheral nervous system (PNS) disorders. The Merck Manual lists brain, spinal cord and nerve disorders in the following overlapping categories:
Many of the diseases/disorders listed above have neurosurgical treatments available. (e.g. Tourette's Syndrome, Parkinson's disease, Essential tremor & Obsessive compulsive disorder.)
Neurological disorders in non-human animals are treated by veterinarians.
Mental functioning.
A neurological examination can to some extent assess the impact of neurological damage and disease on brain function in terms of behavior, memory or cognition. Behavioral neurology specializes in this area. In addition, clinical neuropsychology uses neuropsychological assessment to precisely identify and track problems in mental functioning, usually after some sort of brain injury or neurological impairment.
Alternatively, a condition might first be detected through the presence of abnormalities in mental functioning, and further assessment may indicate an underlying neurological disorder. There are sometimes unclear boundaries in the distinction between disorders treated within neurology, and mental disorders treated within the other medical specialty of psychiatry, or other mental health professions such as clinical psychology. In practice, cases may present as one type but be assessed as more appropriate to the other. Neuropsychiatry deals with mental disorders arising from specific identified diseases of the nervous system.
One area that can be contested is in cases of idiopathic neurological symptoms - conditions where the cause cannot be established. It can be decided in some cases, perhaps by exclusion of any accepted diagnosis, that higher-level brain/mental activity is causing symptoms, rather than the symptoms originating in the area of the nervous system from which they may appear to originate. Classic examples are "functional" seizures, sensory numbness, "functional" limb weakness and functional neurological deficit ("functional" in this context is usually contrasted with the old term "organic disease"). Such cases may be contentiously interpreted as being "psychological" rather than "neurological". Some cases may be classified as mental disorders, for example as conversion disorder, if the symptoms appear to be causally linked to emotional states or responses to social stress or social contexts.
On the other hand, dissociation refer to partial or complete disruption of the integration of a person’s conscious functioning, such that a person may feel detached from one's emotions, body and/or immediate surroundings. At one extreme this may be diagnosed as depersonalization disorder. There are also conditions viewed as neurological where a person appears to consciously register neurological stimuli that cannot possibly be coming from the part of the nervous system to which they would normally be attributed, such as phantom pain or synesthesia, or where limbs act without conscious direction, as in alien hand syndrome. Theories and assumptions about consciousness, free will, moral responsibility and social stigma can play a part in this, whether from the perspective of the clinician or the patient.
Conditions that are classed as mental disorders, or learning disabilities and forms of Intellectual disability, are not themselves usually dealt with as neurological disorders. Biological psychiatry seeks to understand mental disorders in terms of their basis in the nervous system, however. In clinical practice, mental disorders are usually indicated by a mental state examination, or other type of structured interview or questionnaire process. At the present time, neuroimaging (brain scans) alone cannot accurately diagnose a mental disorder or tell the risk of developing one; however, it can be used to rule out other medical conditions such as a brain tumor. In research, neuroimaging and other neurological tests can show correlations between reported and observed mental difficulties and certain aspects of neural function or differences in brain structure. In general, numerous fields intersect to try and understand the basic processes involved in mental functioning, many of which are brought together in cognitive science. The distinction between neurological and mental disorders can be a matter of some debate, either in regard to specific facts about the cause of a condition or in regard to the general understanding of brain and mind.
Moveover, the definition of disorder in medicine or psychology is sometimes contested in terms of what is considered abnormal, dysfunctional, harmful or unnatural in neurological, evolutionary, psychometric or social terms.

</doc>
<doc id="19572337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572337" title="Marujirushi">
Marujirushi

An O mark or is the name of the symbol "◯" used to represent affirmation in Japan, similar to its Western equivalent of the tick (check mark). Its opposite is the X mark ("×").
Unicode.
Unicode provides various related symbols, including:

</doc>
<doc id="19572347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572347" title="Madidai Ka Mandir">
Madidai Ka Mandir

Its a temple dedicated to Goddess Madidai.
Architecture.
The architecture is of typical North Indian temple.
History.
This temple was established by prominent business man Khaniya Lal Agrawal of Baberu in the 1950s. As the legend goes, he found the deity location in his dreams. Agrawal asked for excavation of the statue and established a temple for it. Later deities like Shiva, Durga, etc. were added to the temples premises. 
Goddess Madidai is highly revered by the local population. Madidai temple is heart of Baberu; locals will bow their head at maddidai temple at least once a day.
Location.
kamasin road tehsil-baberu,distric-banda.
References.
Not much reference is available as temple is one of the backward areas of Uttar Pradesh

</doc>
<doc id="19572404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572404" title="Krishnammal Jagannathan">
Krishnammal Jagannathan

Krishnammal Jagannathan (: born 1926) is a social service activist from the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. She and her husband, Sankaralingam Jagannathan (1912 – 12 February 2013), have protested against social injustice and they are well known as Gandhian activists. Her work includes upliftment of Dalits, the landless, and the poor; she has sometimes fought against governments as well as big industries. 
She was earlier involved in the Indian independence movement, along with her husband, and was also a close associate of Vinoba Bhave. She has received several awards and recently has been listed for Right Livelihood Award for 2008, which she would share with four others, including her husband.
Early life.
Krishnammal Jagannathan was born to a landless Dalit family in 1926. Her first encounter with social injustice and poverty was by looking at her mother Nagammal who had to toil very hard and had to work even when she was in advanced stage of pregnancy. Despite being from a poor family she managed university education and was soon involved with the Gandhian Sarvodaya Movement. It was through Sarvodaya did she meet Sankaralingam Jagannathan, who was much later to be her husband. Sankaralingam Jagannathan hailed from a wealthy family, yet gave up his college studies in 1930 in response to Gandhi's call for non-cooperation movement and civil disobedience. At one stage Krishnammal even shared a stage with Gandhi and also met Martin Luther King. Sankaralinga later joined the Quit India Movement in 1942 and spent years in jail before India gained its independence in 1947. Having decided only to marry in independent India Sankaralingam and Krishnammal married in 1950. She would later head the Salt Satyagraha march in Vedaranyam, this time not in protest, but to commemorate the platinum jublee of the event in 2006.
Land to the landless.
Sankaralingam Jagannathan and Krishnammal Jagannathan believed that one of the key requirements for achieving a Gandhian society is by empowering the rural poor through redistribution of land to the landless. For two years between 1950 and 1952 Sankaralingam Jagannathan was with Vinoba Bhave in Northern India on his Bhoodan (land-gift) Padayatra (pilgrimage on foot), the march appealing to landlords to give one sixth of their land to the landless. Meanwhile Krishnammal completed her teacher-training course in Madras (now renamed Chennai). When Sankaralingam returned to Tamil Nadu to start the Bhoodhan movement the couple, until 1968, worked for land redistribution through Vinoba Bhave's Gramdan movement (Village Gift, the next phase of the land-gift movement), and through Satyagraha (non-violent resistance). Sankaralingam Jagannathan was imprisoned many times for this work. Between 1953 and 1967, the couple played an active role in the Bhoodhan movement spearheaded by Vinoba Bhave, through which about of land were distributed to thousands of landless poor across several Indian states.
After the burning of 42 Dalit Christians including women and children in Kilavenmani in Nagapattinam district following a wage-dispute with the landlord in 1968, the couple started to work in Thanjavur District in Tamil Nadu to concentrate on land reform issues. It was this incident that would inspire the couple, Krishnammal and Sankaralaingam to start the organisation LAFTI.
Land for Tillers' Freedom (LAFTI).
Krishnammal along with her husband founded Land for Tillers' Freedom in 1981.
The purpose of the organisation was to bring ""the landlords and landless poor to the negotiating table, obtain loans to enable the landless to buy land at reasonable price and then to help them work it cooperatively, so that the loans could be repaid"".
Although the initial response was lukewarm with banks unwilling to lend and the high rates of stamp duty, Krishnammal managed to go on with the cause. By 2007, through LAFTI, she had transferred to about 13,000 families. Through LAFTI, she also conducted workshops to allow people, during the nonagricultural season, to support themselves through entrepreneurial efforts like mat weaving, tailoring, plumbing, carpentry, masonry, computer education and electronics. LAFTI would gain such popularity that later even the Government of India would implement LAFTI's approach to increase the peaceful transfer of land.
Protecting the coastal ecosystem.
The issue.
From 1992 Krishnammal started working issues concerned with prawn farms along the coast of Tamil Nadu. This time the problems were not from the local landlords, but from large industries from cities such as Chennai, Mumbai, Kolkatta, Delhi and Hyderabad which occupied large areas of land for aquaculture along the coast, which not only threw the landless laborers out of employment but also converted fertile and cultivable land into salty deserts after a few years when the prawn companies moved on. The prawn farms also caused heavy seepage of seawater into the groundwater in the neighborhood, thus the local people were deprived of clean drinking water resources. The result is that even more small farmers sell their meager land-holdings to multinational prawn companies and move to the cities, filling urban slums.
LAFTI and prawn industry.
To address prawn farm issue the Jagannathans organised the whole of LAFTI's village movement to raise awareness among the people to oppose the prawn farms. Since 1993, the villagers have offered Satygraha (non-violent resistance), through rallies, fasts, and demonstrations in protest of establishing the prawn farms. They have been beaten up by hired goons, their houses have been burnt, and LAFTI workers have been imprisoned, because of false accusations of looting and arson.
Final victory.
Undeterred by this, Sankaralingam Jagannathan filed a 'public interest petition' in the Indian Supreme Court, which in turn asked NEERI (National Environmental Engineering Institute of India) to investigate the matter. NEERI's investigation report highlighted the environmental cost of the prawn farms to the nation and recommended all prawn farms within 500 meters of the coast to be banned. In December 1996, the Supreme Court issued a ruling against intensive shrimp farming in cultivable lands within 500 meters of the coastal area. It is said that because of the prawn farmers' local political influence, the Supreme Court judgement was not implemented on the ground. The legal battle around the prawn farms is still not resolved and the Jagannathans continue their struggle to establish non-exploitative, eco-friendly communities in the coastal areas of Tamil Nadu.
Upliftment of women.
Krishnammal is also in working towards upliftment of women in Dalits and poor. She believes in mobilising women's cause by peaceful means.
Further achievements and honours.
Krishnammal Jagannathan, either independently or together with her husband, has established a total of seven non-governmental institutions for the poor. Besides this, Krishnammal Jagannathan has also played an active role in wider public life. She has been a Senate member of the Gandhigram Trust and University and of Madurai University. She was also a member of a number of local and state social welfare committees and a member of the National Committee on Education, the Land Reform Committee and the Planning Committee.
These activities have gained for the Jagannathans a high profile in India and they have won many prestigious Awards: the Swami Pranavananda Peace Award (1987); the Jamnalal Bajaj Award (1988) and Padma Shri in 1989. In 1996 the couple received the Bhagavan Mahaveer Award "for propagating non-violence." In 1999 Krishnammal was awarded a Summit Foundation Award (Switzerland), and in 2008 she was awarded 'Opus Prize' by the University of Seattle and also Right Livelihood Award along with four others which included her husband. She is lovingly called as "Amma" (Mother in Tamil) by her followers. She plans to use the award money for her projects rather than for herself. Inspired by Amma's contribution of enabling more than 11000 poor and landless women to become landowners, a M.Phil research dissertation is dedicated to Amma. The dissertation is titled as "Aspects of Agrarian History of Tamilakam:Region, Women and Technology during 16th and 17th Centuries AD",submitted to Department of History, University of Hyderabad in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19572413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572413" title="Nefastus Dies">
Nefastus Dies

Nefastus Dies is a black/death metal band from Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
History.
The band formed in summer 2005 and two months later, released their promo cd 'Prelude'. They then embarked on a promotional tour to support the recording in January 2006. In march 2006 they entered Yannick St-Amand's studio to record their first full length album 'Urban Cancer'. They then signed with an underground label but quickly realised that this label did not have the proper resources to promote this album. The band bought back every copy the label had printed and bought out the contract to seek out a more adequate label. The band went out and played several shows including their first American/Canadian tour. This got the attention of UKs Siege of Amida Records who signed them. Urban Cancer was then released through SOARs American partner Candlelight USA. In early 2009 the band released a 2 song Promo EP entitled `Interlude` exclusively over the internet. Shortly after this, singer and main composer Seb Painchaud decided to leave the band citing lack of devotion and wanting to focus on his other projects as a bassist, The Last Felony & Vatican, as well as start a studio/solo project so he could have total creative control over the songs that were supposed to appear on the band's 2nd album.

</doc>
<doc id="19572414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572414" title="Reed mat (plastering)">
Reed mat (plastering)

Reed mat is lathing supplied in a roll. It is made from natural reeds laid parallel, and bound using zinc-plated narrow gauge wire to form a long sheet.
Reed mat is suitable for internal use as a lath for plastering on walls and ceilings. It can be used against a solid background or over studs or joists as a practical alternative lining material to gypsum plasterboard or lath and plaster. Reed mats are particularly suited to using with lime, clay or gypsum plasters in building restoration and new-build.

</doc>
<doc id="19572434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572434" title="Yeo Ning Hong">
Yeo Ning Hong

Dr. Yeo Ning Hong () is a former Singaporean politician. A member of the country's governing People's Action Party (PAP), he served as a minister in the Cabinet and as a Member of Parliament (MP) in the 1980s and 1990s. His ministerial appointments included Minister for Defence and Minister for Communications and Information. 
A chemist by training, Yeo is an alumnus of the University of Singapore (now the National University of Singapore). He later graduated with a PhD from the University of Cambridge. He was also a Fellow of Christ's College, Cambridge, from 1970-73.
Since leaving politics, Yeo has served as Executive Chairman of the Singapore Technologies Group, and Chairman of the Port of Singapore Authority. He has also published several books under the pen name "Adrian Yeo".

</doc>
<doc id="19572439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572439" title="Delyan Point">
Delyan Point

Delyan Point (, ‘Nos Delyan’ \'nos de-'lyan\) is a point on the northwest coast of Smith Island, South Shetland Islands forming the northeast side of the entrance to Vedena Cove. Situated 4 km west-southwest of Cape Smith, 10.66 km northeast of Markeli Point and 1.4 km northwest of Matochina Peak. Bulgarian early mapping in 2009. Named after Peter Delyan – Czar Peter II of Bulgaria, 1040-1041 AD.

</doc>
<doc id="19572449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572449" title="Maeve Fort">
Maeve Fort

Dame Maeve Geraldine Fort DCMG DCVO (19 November 1940 – 18 September 2008) was a British diplomat. During her posting as the United Kingdom's High Commissioner in South Africa from 1996 to 2000, she was the highest ranking female diplomat in Her Majesty's Diplomatic Service.
Early life.
Born on 19 November 1940 in Liverpool, Maeve Geraldine Fort was the only child of a hospital administrator. She attended Nantwich Grammar School, but left before completing her A-Levels when she discovered that Trinity College, Dublin did not then require entrants to have taken them.
Despite an apparent lack of dedication academically, she achieved a sufficiently good degree in English and French to gain a scholarship for study at the Sorbonne from the French government.
Foreign Office.
Early career.
Fort decided to apply to join the Foreign Office despite the fact that she was advised that as a female, and not even an Oxbridge graduate, she had little chance of being selected. However, she became one of just twelve successful candidates to be appointed to the junior grade at the Foreign Office in 1962.
Postings to New York City, Bangkok (a secondment to SEATO), Bonn and Lagos followed, with appointment as an officer in the Diplomatic Service on 24 April 1973. She was later promoted to First Secretary at the Foreign and Commonwealth Office, and in 1978 returned to New York as part of the UK's mission to the United Nations. Here she began to specialise in African affairs, in particular on the Namibia contact group, working towards a peaceful independence for Namibia. At one time she was told to prepare for a posting to the High Commission in Windhoek (Namibia's capital), and she even got so far as holding a farewell party in New York, but the posting was suddenly cancelled.
Chile, Mozambique and Lebanon.
Fort returned to the UK in 1982 to study at the Royal College of Defence Studies for a year. She was then promoted to counsellor and posted to Santiago, Chile. She was recalled to the Foreign Office in 1986, serving as head of the West African department, and concurrently as non-resident Ambassador to Chad. Chad was then considered too dangerous to host a resident ambassador due to the ongoing Chadian–Libyan conflict. She was then appointed Ambassador to Mozambique in 1989. Mozambique was still in the throes of its civil war and Fort became involved in the negotiations to bring the conflict to and end, building contacts between President Joaquim Chissano and the RENAMO leader, Afonso Dhlakama. She was appointed a Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George (CMG) in the 1990 New Year Honours.
In 1992 Fort volunteered to become Ambassador to Lebanon, another dangerous posting. She had a close protection team of six bodyguards from the Royal Military Police—Fort referred to them as "her boys". The situation in Lebanon was such that she lived in a fortified compound, and travelled in an armoured Range Rover—her escape was walking in the Lebanese mountains, still accompanied by "the boys", one of whom carried her beloved dog, Chloe, a white Pomeranian-Maltese cross, in a knapsack.
South Africa.
Fort was appointed High Commissioner to South Africa in 1996, two years after Nelson Mandela became the first black president of the country. She soon became a friend and confidant of Mandela and other high-ranking South Africans. 
In 1997 her previous association with negiotations relating to Namibia and Mozambique proved useful again as the situation in Angola deteriorated. She also hosted Prince Charles on an official visit, shortly after the death of Diana, Princess of Wales. She was promoted to Dame Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George (DCMG) in 1998, and became a rare "double dame" when she was appointed Dame Commander of the Royal Victorian Order (DCVO) on 9 November 1999, during Queen Elizabeth II's state visit to South Africa.
Death.
Dame Maeve Fort died in London, aged 67, following a short illness.

</doc>
<doc id="19572474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572474" title="Dezil'">
Dezil'

Dezil' is a music band from Seychelles, particularly known for its 2005 hit "San ou (la rivière)".
Biography.
In 2003, Martin (karate champion) and Juan (part of the junior national team of football), both students (age : 16 and 17), met and decided to found the group Dezil'. They started writing an album and recording. The first single, "San ou (la rivère)" became a huge hit in France in 2005 (#2, certified Diamond disc).

</doc>
<doc id="19572477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572477" title="Reed mat (craft)">
Reed mat (craft)

Reed mats are handmade mats of plaited reed, made throughout most of India and Thailand.
The mats are produced by plaiting reeds, strips of palm leaf, or some other easily available local plant. The supple mats made by this process of weaving without a loom are widely used in Thai homes. These mats are also now being made into shopping bags, place mats, and decorative wall hangings.
One popular kind of Thai mat is made from a kind of reed known as Kachud, which grows in the southern marshes. After the reeds are harvested, they are steeped in mud, which toughens them and prevents them from becoming brittle. They are then dried in the sun for a time and pounded flat, after which they are ready to be dyed and woven into mats of various sizes and patterns.
Other mats are produced in different parts of Thailand, most notably in the eastern province of Chanthaburi. Durable as well as attractive, they are plaited entirely by hand with an intricacy that makes the best resemble finely woven fabrics.

</doc>
<doc id="19572494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572494" title="Robert Olley">
Robert Olley

Robert "Bob" Olley (born 16 January 1940 in South Shields, Tyne and Wear, England) is an artist and sculptor best known for his mining subjects, humorous drawings and paintings of everyday life, especially his iconic painting and internationally acclaimed "Westoe Netty".
Career.
Born into a mining family in 1940 and educated at Westoe Secondary Modern, Olley began his working life 1955 as a painter and decorator before going into the mining industry in which he spent eleven years at Whitburn Colliery until the pit closed 1968. Leaving the industry he joined Plessey Telecoms by which time he was developing his artistic talents with the hope of becoming a professional magazine illustrator supplementing his income by selling his paintings at the Sunday Painters Exhibition on Bayswater Road, London. 
By 1972 he had two exhibitions under his belt. It was in the second of these that the now world-famous painting "Westoe Netty" was first exhibited. There was an outcry of indecency from an alderman who attempted to have the show closed down. By the time the council had met and discussed the problem the exhibition was finished but the publicity that it had generated catapulted Olley’s career forward allowing him to leave the telecoms industry in 1974 and become a full time professional painter selling his work with like- minded artists on the Armstrong Bridge, Newcastle every Sunday. 
Between 1972 and 1978 he completed many commissions producing work for both Tyne Tees and BBC, a theatre company and a number of murals. By now he had move into the field of ceramics and cold cast bronze figurines which, along with drawings and paintings made up one hundred works in total for his first one man exhibition “The Heart and Humour of the North East”
Robert Olley Sculpture Castings Ltd. was formed 1979 to produce a range of small cold cast bronze mining figures from his factory in Washington. The business was expanding at a steady rate but Olley realised that he had been blown off track and instead of creating new work he had become an administrator. The 1984/5 coal strike was a disaster for the business and as orders dried up he closed the factory and relocated to South Shields where he opened “The Gambling Man Gallery” that became a popular attraction of the town’s Catherine Cookson Trail. 
In the following years he enjoyed working on some large projects like sculptures of John Simpson Kirkpatrick, the towns WW1 Hero of Gallipoli and Stan Laurel for Persimmon Homes sited in Dockwray Square North Shields and unveiled by MP Mr Neville Trotter. 
Again he felt he had drifted off course and after five years involvement with tourism decided to concentrate on painting and return to the easel. 
In 1995, the towns MP Dr. David Clark opened “Old, New, Borrowed and Blue” Olleys' first exhibition for seventeen years. After the success of the exhibition he spent time in Spain working on new material and gaining fresh inspiration. In 1996, NEXUS, the Tyne and Wear Transport Executive sponsored “Robert Olley at Work.” 
The exhibition was opened by its Director General Mr. Mike Parker. As artist in residence Olley spent four weeks working in the gallery of The Customs House, South Shields where he painted the 16ft x 4ft mural “Famous Faces” depicting North East personalities from the world of sport, TV, music, business and the church peering from the windows of a metro carriage. It is now displayed at Monument metro station, Newcastle. 
2000. “This, that and some of the other” a display of some fifty paintings mostly documenting everyday street life at the beginning of the new century. The largest painting displayed, “Off the Way” (Three miners lifting a coal truck back onto the track) is featured on the front cover of the 2002 publication “Shafts of Light” Mining Art in the Great Northern Coalfield. The exhibition was opened by actor, comedian and radio presenter Mike Elliott. 
Later that year South Shield’s twin town Noisy –Le –Sec, France invited him to show his work in the Centre Gerard- Philipe. The exhibition was opened by Mm. Claude Roger Secretary General of the Comite De Jumilage De Noisy-Le-Sec. Although it didn’t have a theme was exceptionally well received by the French and especially by the many parties of school children that attended as part of the project. He was astonished at the amount of interest that the pupils showed in the mining subjects and spent much of the time answering their questions. There is now a permanent display of his mining sculpture that is exhibited around the schools in the area around Paris.
Having briefly returned to the subject of coal mining the Hutchinson Gallery, Bishop Auckland in 2002 invited Olley to exhibit. “Toil, Sweat, Water and Dust” was opened by the late Mr David Guy, President, DMA & NUM North East Area. Olley said he was returning to his roots as Durham was the heart of the mining industry for more than a century. Both his great grandfathers Robert Smith, an illiterate miner, born in Coundon and Peter Greenwell a publican lived in Croxdale, managing several public houses in the area including the Britannia Inn in the City. 
To celebrate forty years of Town Twinning Noisy-Le-Sec commissioned Olley to design a mural to commemorate the occasion. The 4x3 metre panel depicting the links with South Shields, Arganda del Rey (Spain) and Djeol (Mauritania) was unveiled by Madam le Maire, Nicol RIVOIRE in 2003. 
Following the tragic death of his younger brother he experienced for the first time a fallow period lacking motivation and concentration, the equivalent of writers block, something new to the usually industrious artist. In June, after completing the twin town mural he visited an exhibition of Marc Chagall in Paris and saw his abstract works on the fables of Jean de la Fontaine. “It was like a pilot light igniting a boiler or a dam bursting. Fifteen months of pent up creative energy eager to be converted into a tangible form”
He reflects, “I was ready for a change of subject, medium and style. The subject was the fables of Aesop, the medium, gouache and the style semi abstract. It was like a breath of fresh air.” Although the date for an exhibition had been programmed for early December of that year he took time out to visit Greece, the birthplace of Aesop and researched almost six hundred fables, produced many rough sketches and in the space of twelve weeks completed forty works to be exhibited. “I have never experienced such an intense hunger for work, it was quite unparalleled which I likened to an inspirational tsunami!” The Exhibition, “Olley on Aesop” was opened by Member of Parliament for South Shields, David Miliband and was the most successful of Olleys' to date. The following December the exhibition went to the McGuiness Gallery, Bishop Auckland and again was a great success. 
Inspired by the success of the Aesop theme he turned his attention to the French fabulist La Fontaine. Twenty new works were produced for exhibitions in both the twin towns of Noisy-Le-Sec and Epinay-Sur-Seine. Opened officially the mayors of both towns Mm Rivoire and Mr Herve Chevreau respectively. 
South Tyneside District Hospital commissioned Olley in 2005 to produce a mural for the children’s waiting area of the radiography department and a large painting for the adult area. For the mural he reverted to the style of the Aesop fables with bright colours and lots of animals. This mural work continued in 2006 with a commission from the Primary Care Trust for the new health centre situated in Flagg Court. The theme of the 4 x 1.5 metre bas relief wall metallic finish panel was health, care and water from Celtic times to the present incorporating the history of the borough, titled, “Salus Curatio et Aqua.” Sited in the reception area it was unveiled by the towns MP Mr David Miliband who officially opened the centre in July 2007.
In 2008, he travelled to Chengdu, Sichuan Province, China to work in the foundry that he contracted to cast the life sized bronze sculpture of Stan Laurel (his second Laurel sculpture) commissioned by Wear Valley District Council. The statue that had survived the earth quake that devastated the foundry and surrounding of Sichuan in May finally arrived in the UK after a 5.000 mile journey was unveiled September 4th that year by Nancy Wardell, Stan’s niece to the applause of “Sons of the Desert” the international Laurel and Hardy appreciation society. Stan on his black marble plinth stands on Theatre Corner, Bishop Auckland Town Centre, the site of the Eden Theatre owned at one time by his father.
Bob Olleys' latest exhibition June 2010 “Mining to Abstraction” marked his forty years professional career as a practicing artist. His thirst for travel and to seek new horizons has enabled him to inject techniques gleaned from Egyptian, Assyrian, Mongolian, Chinese and Mexican art into his practice. During his travels in Rajasthan, Northern India he was greatly inspired by the Hindu culture, its art, sculpture and vibrant colours that triggered another “Inspirational Tsunami.” The main exhibition was based on the Kama Sutra and erotic statues that adorn the temples of Khajuraho and executed in the rich colours of the Indian continent. This new body of work was in sharp contrast to his earlier mining paintings and drawings that formed part of this retrospective and celebratory exhibition highlighting the versatility of the artist.
Personal life.
Olley is divorced and has three sons: Daryl, Dene, and Graeme, and one daughter, Kim.

</doc>
<doc id="19572497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572497" title="Busseyville, Wisconsin">
Busseyville, Wisconsin

Busseyville, Wisconsin is an unincorporated community in the town of Sumner in Jefferson County. It is located on Wisconsin Highway 106 near Luna Road, about ten miles west of Fort Atkinson. The Sumner town hall is located there as well as Busseyville Community Church.
Notable people.
The Swedish-American ornithologist Thure Kumlien lived on a farm near Busseyville.

</doc>
<doc id="19572510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572510" title="Robert Fraser">
Robert Fraser

Robert Fraser may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19572511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572511" title="Tobacco acid pyrophosphatase">
Tobacco acid pyrophosphatase

Tobacco Acid Pyrophosphatase (TAP) is an enzyme that catalyses the hydrolysis of a phosphoric ester bond in a broad spectrum of molecules, including the 5'-end of mRNA.
During mRNA maturation the 5' triphosphate of the new mRNA molecule is rapidly removed. The diphosphate 5' end then attacks the α-phosphorus atom of a methylated GTP to form a very unusual 5'-5' triphosphate linkage, called "cap". In molecular biology, TAP is used to hydrolyse a phosphodiester bond of this particular structure and release a mRNA molecule with only one phosphate group in the 5'-end, for instance in protocols for RACE (Rapid Amplification of cDNA Ends).

</doc>
<doc id="19572516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572516" title="Game Changer">
Game Changer

"Game Changer" is the 19th episode of the first season of "Modern Family". It premiered on ABC on March 31, 2010. The episode's teleplay was written by Joe Lawson & Alex Herschlag from a story by Vanessa McCarthy & Joe Lawson. It was directed by Kevin Sullivan.
In the episode, it's Phil's birthday and Claire wants to buy him an Apple iPad, excited about buying a good gift for the first time. Meanwhile, Mitchell wants to toughen up, Cameron hears a neighbors marital difficulties over the baby monitor, and Jay faces off with Manny and Gloria over chess.
The episode received positive reviews but was criticized for excessively promoting the iPad. "Game Changer" received a 18-49 Nielsen Rating of 3.8/7.
Plot.
It's April 3 and Phil's (Ty Burrell) birthday coincides with the launch of the new Apple iPad. Being an early adopter and a technophile, Phil wants to wake up early to get in line for the product at the local Apple store. Claire (Julie Bowen) wants him to have a relaxing birthday so she takes it upon herself to wake up early and go buy the product. She does wake up early, but quickly falls back to sleep on the couch; it's not until the family wakes up and is making breakfast that she manages to sneak out of the house to get in line. However, the local store has sold out by the time she gets there, so she returns empty-handed. After being confronted by Phil, she makes it her mission to get one for the rest of the day. Phil decides to go to the batting cages to cool off and mistakenly believes a child's birthday party is for him - only adding to his unhappiness, so he eats a 'Game changer', (a pancake with bacon and golden syrup) to cheer himself up.
Meanwhile, Jay (Ed O'Neill) had purchased a new chess set for Phil from a Sky Mall catalog earlier. Jay decides to challenge Manny (Rico Rodriguez) to a game of chess, not knowing that Manny is a good player. Gloria (Sofía Vergara), not wanting Jay to be his usual bad loser, told Manny to throw the game. When they get ready to go over to Phil's, Jay keeps trying to get Manny to try a child's version of chess; insulted, Manny challenges Jay to a rematch. Manny states that if he wins, he gets Jay's watch. In four moves, Manny beats Jay and takes the watch.
Later, Gloria tells Jay she is also an excellent player; she lets Jay think he's better and when he believes he's on the verge of winning, she begins pouting and getting upset. Jay decides to call the game because he doesn't want an unhappy wife - Gloria later reveals that she would've beat him in two moves. She says to the camera "I'm an excellent chess player, but a better wife".
The night before Phil's birthday, Cameron (Eric Stonestreet) and Mitchell (Jesse Tyler Ferguson) heard a man's voice coming from Lily's room. Fearing a burglar, Mitchell freezes. They then discover that there was no burglar; just a signal accidentally received from a neighboring house by the baby monitor. The next day, Mitchell asks Jay to help him toughen up so that if it actually happens in the future, he can take more appropriate action.
Cameron keeps listening to conversations from the baby monitor and discovers that there is some drama going on over at the neighbor's house. Learning that a misunderstanding may cause a divorce, he decides to tell the wife the truth before anything bad happens. Mitchell, attempting to help Claire with her mission to pick up an Apple iPad, gets her and himself thrown out of a line at another Apple store.
Claire comes home without an iPad. However, Luke (Nolan Gould) managed to convince a man online that his father was dying and his last wish was an iPad before he passed - so the man brought a second iPad over and gave it to Luke to give to Phil. That night, during the party, she brings out the iPad to a delighted Phil.
In the end, Mitchell and Cameron were listening to the couple on how they thought Cameron was an angel, but Cameron quickly turned it off when the couple started saying he may have been a creepy pervert.
Production.
The episode was written by Joe Lawson & Alex Herschlag, Joe Lawson's third writing credit and Alex's first writing credit. It was directed by Kevin Sullivan.
The episode includes guest stars Kevin Fry-Bowers as the security guard at the Apple Store, Jason Antoon as Clark, Whitney Claire Kaufman as Sarah, Tyrel Jackson Williams as Little Phil, Harrison White as the postman and Zak Boggan as the kid outside the batting cage. Although the Apple iPad was prominently featured, Apple Inc. did not pay for product placement within this episode.
Reception.
Ratings.
In its original American broadcast, "Game Changer" came second in its timeslot after "American Idol" being viewed by 9.34 million viewers and a 18-49 Nielsen Rating of 3.8 rating and a 11% share beating last week's 3.7. The show was the 4th most viewed show of the night. The episode ranked 20 in the weekly viewership ranking sixth for ABC and ranked 8 in the 18-49 Nielsen Rating ranking 3rd on ABC in the rating.
Reviews.
The episode received positive reviews.
Robert Canning of "IGN" gave the episode a 8 saying it was "impressive" and "though "Game Changer" lacked creativity when it came to storylines, the likeability of these characters kept the tone fun and made the episode enjoyable."
Lesley Savage of "Entertainment Weekly" gave the episode positive review saying: "It’s the little things that make this show so clever.".
Donna Bowman from "The A.V. Club" gave the episode a A- saying: "Even though there were funny moments in the other two stories, Phil's journey from excitement to near-catatonic resignation ("honey, it's okay, I don't feel things anymore," he reassures Claire) to euphoric rebirth was brilliantly played"
Joel Keller of "The TV Squad" criticized the episode for product placement of the iPad saying "Look, I'm not an Apple hater; I love my iPod Touch, and one day I may convert from being a PC guy to a Mac guy. But this company has enough buzz from tech media types who get the vapors every time Jobs dons his black mock turtleneck to introduce a new product, and it's not like they don't already have a monstrous advertising budget. Do they really need to infect our favorite shows, too?"

</doc>
<doc id="19572523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572523" title="Detlef Lewe">
Detlef Lewe

Detlef Lewe (20 June 1939, Dortmund – 1 October 2008) was a West German-German sprint canoer who competed from the late 1950s to the early 1970s.
Sporting career.
Competing in four Summer Olympics, Lewe earned two medals in the C-1 1000 m event with a silver in 1968 and a bronze in 1972. He also won four canoe sprint world championship medals with three golds (C-1 500 m: 1971, C-1 1000 m: 1966, 1971) and one silver (C-1 1000 m: 1963). Lewe also carried the West German flag at the opening ceremonies of the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich.
Later in life.
After the Olympics, Dortmund-born Lewe moved to Munich and became a butcher, a business he ran until prior to his 2008 death. His shop was located near the Olympic area where the 1972 Summer Olympics were held. Lewe died in Munich after a brief illness.

</doc>
<doc id="19572528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572528" title="Mato Valtonen">
Mato Valtonen

Mato Valtonen (born Markku Valtonen; 21 February 1955 in Loimaa) is a Finnish actor, musician and entrepreneur. Valtonen has been a member of the Finnish band Sleepy Sleepers since 1975 and the Leningrad Cowboys since 1989.
He was the CEO of WAPit telecommunications company from its inception in 1998 until it declared bankruptcy in 2001.
As an actor, Valtonen is best known for starring in Aki Kaurismäki's films starting with 1985's "Calamari Union". In fact, all of Valtonen's film roles have been in films directed, written, and produced either by Kaurismäki or his older brother Mika. In addition to acting in them, Valtonen also wrote the storylines for "Leningrad Cowboys Go America" and "Leningrad Cowboys Meet Moses".

</doc>
<doc id="19572541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572541" title="Heather Stephens">
Heather Stephens

Heather Stephens is an American actress. She has red hair and hazel eyes. She starred on ABC's "The Forgotten" as Lindsey Drake alongside Christian Slater.

</doc>
<doc id="19572543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572543" title="L'Autrichienne">
L'Autrichienne

"L'Autrichienne" is the fourth album by the American metal band Jucifer. It was first released on March 18, 2008.
History.
"L' Autrichienne", which is Jucifer's fourth album, was recorded in July 2007 at Bakery Studios by Andy Baker. It was released in 2008, two years after the release of the band's previous album, "If Thine Enemy Hunger", by Relapse Records; on March 18 in the United States and on March 24 internationally.
To support the album, Jucifer embarked on their first tour through Europe. After the European tour they toured over the Northeastern United States and Canada.
Music.
According to Greg Prato from Allmusic, there are so many different styles found in "L'Autrichienne" that it would be possible to fool the average listener into thinking each track was made by a different band; it shows influences ranging from indie rock to sludge metal. In the album there are songs with a style close to Black Sabbath's, such as "Blackpowder", hardcore punk tracks like "Thermidor", Melvins-esque metal slow pieces such as "Deficit", and doom metal songs such as "The Mountain" and "Procession a la Guillotine"; even quiet balladry can be found in the album. Amber Valetine uses many vocal techniques in the record.
It's a concept album about Marie Antoinette, who was nicknamed "l'Autrichienne" (French: "the Austrian" ["woman"]) due to her Austrian origin and connections. Valentine chose the subject after finding a book on the French Revolution in an RV park lending library. The album's liner notes feature a historical commentary to each song.
Critical reception.
"L' Autrichienne" was given a 4.5 out of 5 in Allmusic and a 8.0 of 10 in Pitchfork Media. Both praised the musical variety which can be appreciated in the album.
Amber Valentine's work as a singer in this album has been compared to young PJ Harvey's as well as Courtney Love's. Her ability to shift from one vocal technique to another has been praised specially by Greg Prato from Allmusic, who asserts only very talented vocalists are able to do what she does.
Track listing.
Music by Jucifer. Lyrics written by Amber Valentine.

</doc>
<doc id="19572546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572546" title="Duo Tal &amp; Groethuysen">
Duo Tal &amp; Groethuysen

The Israeli pianist Yaara Tal (born 27 February 1955 in Kfar Saba) and her German partner Andreas Groethuysen (born 2 September 1956 in Munich) are a piano duo.
Yaara Tal studied with Ilona Vincze and Arie Vardi before going to Germany where she finished her studies with Hugo Steurer and Ludwig Hoffmann. Andreas Groethuysen, son of Herbert Groethuysen, studied in Munich with Ludwig Hoffmann and in London with Peter Feuchtwanger.
Since 1985 they have been performing worldwide as piano duo and have appeared at musical centers and renowned festivals.
Extensive CD recording makes up an important part of their career: the Duo has released recordings of four-hand piano music not only with central works of the repertoire but also introducing less familiar names to a wide public.
For their recordings the duo received numerous prizes and honours, like the "Preis der Deutschen Schallplattenkritik", the Echo prize of the German Phono Academy and the "Cannes Classical Award". The recordings have been praised for their programmatic ingenuity as well as their pianistic transparency and the brightness of the duo's interpretations.

</doc>
<doc id="19572552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572552" title="Risto Alapuro">
Risto Alapuro

Risto Sakari Alapuro, born 28 April 1944 in Ruokolahti, is a Finnish sociologist. He was a professor of sociology at Jyväskylä university between 1986-1991, and a professor at Helsinki University from 1991 to 2010.
Alapuro is an internationally known social scientist who has focused on historical sociology in Finland. He has researched, studied and taught in France, Russia and USA. He is specialized in social movements, political conflicts and social networks. 
He wrote his doctoral dissertation "Akateeminen Karjala-Seura" in (1973). His other works include "State and revolution in Finland" (1988), which concerns the Finnish civil war, and "Suomen synty paikallisena ilmiönä 1890-1933" (1994), which is about the birth of Finnish nationhood as a local phenomenon. 

</doc>
<doc id="19572567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572567" title="John Herbert Thomas Simpson">
John Herbert Thomas Simpson

Air Commodore John Herbert Thomas Simpson DSO AFC RAF R’td (born 26 March 1907 – died 26 August 1967 60)was a bomber pilot during the Second World War and a senior RAF staff officer during the 1950s.
In his final appointment before retirement in 1959 Simpson was the eighth Commandant of the Royal Observer Corps.
Service history.
Royal Air Force.
Simpson joined the Royal Air Force on 30 December 1927 and completed his basic induction training at the RAF Central Depot, RAF Uxbridge and two months later transferred to the No. 2 Flying Training School as a pilot under instruction. In December 1928 he qualified as a pilot in the rank of Pilot Officer on a short service commission and was posted to the newly reformed No. 101 Squadron RAF at RAF Bircham Newton flying Boulton Paul Sidestrand bombers in a day-bombing role. In June 1929 he was promoted to the rank of Flying Officer.
In April 1930 he was posted to a directing staff appointment at the RAF training base at RAF Leuchars. In December 1931, he had sat the first exam taken by Short Service Commission holders to undertake specialisation training, successful completion of which would lead to the award of a Permanent Commission. He attended the extended Officer's Engineering Course at the RAF’s Home Aircraft Depot RAF Henlow at the same time as Flight Lieutenant Frank Whittle, passing out as a qualified engineer and granted a permanent commission in the rank of Flight Lieutenant in September 1933. He was posted to the Royal Air Force College Cranwell on the college’s engineering staff.
In 1935 he was posted overseas for three years as the Engineering Officer at the RAF Depot, India. On 1 August 1937 he returned to flying duties and was promoted to Squadron Leader, receiving his first command as Officer Commanding No. 60 Squadron RAF operating in the North West Frontier conflicts with Afghan tribesmen and flying Airco DH.9A and Westland Wapiti aircraft. Only nine months later he was posted as Engineering Officer at No. 3 Flying Training School at RAF Ternhill. In June 1940 he was promoted to Temporary Wing Commander and in November 1941 he was posted as a Staff Officer at HQ No. 205 (Bomber) Group in the North African Campaign. Further promotion came in June 1942 when he became an Acting Group Captain. On 26 April 1942, he was piloting a Vickers Wellington IC (Z1045) of No 70 Squadron, which was shot down as a result of enemy action. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Order.
In July 1943 he was promoted to Acting Air Commodore and appointed as Air Officer Commanding No. 205 (Bomber) Group, a position he retained until the end of the Second World War. With the cessation of hostilities Simpson returned to the UK, reverting to the rank of Group Captain, where he took up the position of Station Commander at RAF Cottesmore. Between late 1945 and 1951 Simpson served in HQ Staff appointments at Bomber Command and latterly as Deputy Director of RAF Operations. On 18 Jun 1947, he was flying Spitfire No. SL563 of the Central Bomber Establishment on a practice flight when, on approaching to land, he discovered he could not select the undercarriage down and was forced to carry out an emergency wheels up belly skid landing at RAF Marham, which he managed successfully. For his actions he received the Air Force Cross.
In 1951 he returned to the rank of Air Commodore and after a brief spell as Senior Officer (Administration) at Headquarters No. 61 Group RAF he became Senior Air Staff Officer (SASO) at Headquarters No. 22 (Training) Group.
Royal Observer Corps.
Approaching his retirement from the RAF, on 29 March 1954 Simpson was appointed Commandant of the Royal Observer Corps taking over from the retiring Air Commodore G H Vasse. By the mid-1950s the greater speed of the newly introduced jet aircraft and the improved performance of radar was increasingly leading to a reduced need by the RAF for the ROC's traditional services in tracking aircraft. Air Commodore Simpson was immediately involved in a desperate race to save the ROC from imminent disbandment.
The Cold War was in full swing and the growing fear was over a potential nuclear attack on the UK. Simpson became embroiled in lengthy negotiations with the Home Office, the department responsible for civil defence in the United Kingdom. Simpson was convinced that the ROC, with its already established posts all over the UK was ideally placed to take on a new and additional responsibility in a modern warning role against nuclear weapons. The new role was publicly announced in June 1955 much to the relief of the observers.
The first significant exercise involving the ROC in handling nuclear data took place the following year in 1956. In 1957 the British government's policy became clear and reliance would be placed on the nuclear weapons and improved radar, within a few years any pretence that there was a continuing aircraft recognition and reporting role for the ROC had evaporated. In 1957 the United Kingdom Warning and Monitoring Organisation (UKWMO), a new Home Office department was set up. It was intended that UKWMO, using the manpower of the ROC, would provide civil and military authorities in Britain with information during a nuclear attack. The ROC would provide the initial data on the positions and extent of the attack. This data would be used by UKWMO, in conjunction with weather information from the Meteorological Office, to produce a forecast of radioactive  fallout. As this fallout occurred its strength and position would be mapped using data from posts, enabling further fallout forecasts to be given.
The UKWMO immediately proposed taking full control of the ROC, severing its RAF links and making the observers non-uniformed Home Office volunteers. Air Commodore Simpson fought to prevent this move in the strongest possible terms and at the highest levels of government. After a two-year battle he won his case and the ROC would remain administratively part of RAF Fighter Command and still in uniform, although now operationally under the control of the UKWMO.
Air Commodore Simpson retired on 1 June 1959 and took with him the grateful thanks of the Royal Observer Corps for ensuring their continued existence for many years to come.
Main reference.
• RAFWeb J H T Simpson

</doc>
<doc id="19572663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572663" title="Sean Nowak">
Sean Nowak

Sean Andrew Nowak (born 6 January 1987) is a South African cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and a right-arm fast bowler who plays for Northerns. He was born in Pretoria.
Nowak made his first-class debut for Northerns against Free State in October 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19572665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572665" title="Jandre van Wyk">
Jandre van Wyk

Jandre van Wyk (born 20 March 1989) is a South African cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and wicket-keeper who plays for Free State. He was born in Pretoria.
Van Wyk made his first-class debut as an opening batsman against Northerns in October 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19572669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572669" title="Focke-Achgelis Fa 269">
Focke-Achgelis Fa 269

The Focke-Achgelis Fa 269 was a tiltrotor VTOL aircraft project designed by Heinrich Focke.
Background.
Conceived as a single-seat fighter, the Fa 269 project resulted from a design study order issued by the Reich Air Ministry to Focke-Achgelis in 1941. The order called for a local defense fighter which would combine the VTOL capabilities of a helicopter with the speed and economy of a conventional fixed-wing aircraft.
A large amount of wind tunnel testing was undertaken, along with work on gearboxes, drives and power-pivoting mechanisms, and a full-scale mock-up of the aircraft was built to demonstrate the VTOL concept, but much of this was destroyed by Allied bombing raids and all work was shelved in 1944 when Focke-Achgelis estimated that there was little likelihood of a practical prototype being available before 1947.
Description.
A mid-wing monoplane, the Fa 269 was to have been powered by a single BMW 801 air-cooled radial engine buried in the fuselage behind the cockpit, which was to have driven transverse drive shafts in the leading edges of the fixed wing, the shafts turning three-bladed rotors via synchronised gearboxes. The plane of rotation of the rotors would have been capable of being swivelled through 80° using angled extension shafts.
It was proposed that the Fa 269 would adopt a high angle of attack when at rest using extremely long undercarriage units. For vertical take-off, the rotors would be lowered till their plane of rotation was parallel with the ground. For translation to conventional flight following take-off, the extension shafts were to pivot to the rear, the rotors then behaving as pusher propellers.

</doc>
<doc id="19572712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572712" title="Magic Midget">
Magic Midget

The Magic Midgets were a number of record-breaking 750cc "midget" MG cars of the 1930s. They were most notably, but not always, driven by George Eyston. 
Although of small engine capacity, they were frequently supercharged to increase performance. Never as fast as the aero-engined land speed record behemoths driven by the likes of Henry Segrave, they set numerous speed records for their engine capacity class.
EX120.
In 1929, MG were attempting to develop their M-type Midget for racing. The rear axle leaf springs were mounted in sliding trunnions at the rear end, rather than the more usual shackles. The improved axle location encouraged good handling, which compensated when racing for the 750cc engine's low power output. Captain George Eyston and Ernest Eldridge saw this chassis under development and decided that it could form the basis for a speed record breaker. Fitted with larger brakes from a Mark II, a four speed gearbox and streamlined bodywork, it became the EX120. On 30 December 1930 at Montlhéry, EX120 set its first records, beating the Austin Sevens. 
In search of even faster speeds, it was decided to supercharge the car, using Eyston's own Powerplus design of supercharger. In February 1931, again at Montlhéry, this became the first 750cc car to exceed 100 mph, at 103.13 mph.
After this success, MG were prompted to produce a racing replica of it: the C-type or Montlhéry Midget, which was available with or without supercharger. 
Eyston was never satisfied with merely reaching a speed when he could use the same car to break several records by maintaining it for longer periods. He set out to hold 100 mph for an hour, using EX120. The car reached this speed, but then the engine caught fire. Still at a speed of around 60 mph, the Eyston's tall figure managed to jump from the tiny enclosed cockpit, counting on his past fox-hunting experience to roll through the landing without serious injury. The car was destroyed, and Eyston then filed another of his many patents for fire-proof asbestos overalls.
EX127.
EX127 at 120 mph on Pendine Sands in February 1932.
EX135.
This was built for Eyston in 1933, based on the supercharged K3 Magnette. It had two alternative bodyshells: one with the usual exposed wheels for racing, the other a full-width streamlined body for record-breaking.
In 1935 Eyston sold it to Goldie Gardner, who then had Reid Railton re-design another bodyshell for it. (reprinted in p74,)

</doc>
<doc id="19572721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572721" title="Thomas Harley (of Kinsham)">
Thomas Harley (of Kinsham)

Thomas Harley (c.1667–1738) was a British politician, an ally of his cousin Robert Harley.
He was the eldest surviving son of Thomas Harley, of Kinsham Court, and his wife Abigail Saltonstall (the granddaughter of Sir Richard Saltonstall).
He was made a deputy lieutenant of Herefordshire in 1694, and was a commissioner for subscriptions to the land bank in 1696. He went abroad to Spain and Portugal in 1697, and observed the negotiations for the Treaty of Ryswick on the way home. With the support of his cousin Robert, he was returned as Member of Parliament for Radnorshire in 1698.
With the rest of his family, he was politically a Tory, and a loyal supporter of his cousin. After Robert's fall in 1708, his principles remained unchanged, and was appointed Junior Secretary to the Treasury (essentially, secretary to his cousin) in 1711. Harley seems to have been exceptionally tactful and well-spoken, and he was chosen envoy to Hanover in 1712 to soothe the Elector over Great Britain's willingness to negotiate a peace with France, ending the War of the Spanish Succession. While he was well received in Holland and in Hanover, his mission was ultimately unsuccessful. Sent on another embassy in 1714, he was again well-received but unsuccessful; the Elector was suspicious of him, and upon his ascent to the British throne in 1715, Harley was defeated in Radnorshire and was arrested for two months. He left politics and died in 1738, leaving most of his estate to Edward Harley, 3rd Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer.

</doc>
<doc id="19572733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572733" title="Canoeing at the 1984 Summer Olympics – Women's K-1 500 metres">
Canoeing at the 1984 Summer Olympics – Women's K-1 500 metres

The women's K-1 500 metres event was an individual kayaking event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1984 Summer Olympics program.
Results.
Heats.
Eleven competitors entered in two heats on August 6. The top three finishers from each of the heats advanced directly to the final while the rest competed in the semifinal.
Semifinal.
The top three finishers in the semifinal (raced on August 8) advanced to the final.
Final.
The final was held on August 10. 
Andersson earned three medals at the 1984 Summer Olympics with two golds and one silver. She credited her switch to organic foods though the 1984 Summer Olympics boycott led by the Soviet Union was a factor.

</doc>
<doc id="19572847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572847" title="Native Taiwanese">
Native Taiwanese

Native Taiwanese refers to descendants of:- 
The first two usages are similar to the Chinese usage of "benshengren" (; literally "people of this province") in Taiwan. The third is similar to other English terms like "Native American".
References.
Tzeng, Shih-jung. From Honto Jin to Bensheng Ren- the Origin and Development of the Taiwanese National Consciousness, University Press of America, 2009. ISBN 0-7618-4471-6.
取自"http://zh.wikipedia.org/wiki/%E6%9C%AC%E5%B3%B6%E4%BA%BA"

</doc>
<doc id="19572854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572854" title="Isle of Palms Connector Bridge">
Isle of Palms Connector Bridge

The Isle of Palms Connector Bridge connects the town of Mount Pleasant with the Isle of Palms in South Carolina. The bridge is part of, and comprises most of the length of, South Carolina Highway 517, which is commonly known as the "Isle of Palms Connector", and bears the official name of "Clyde Moultrie Dangerfield Highway". It connects US 17 in Mount Pleasant, SC with South Carolina Highway 703 on the Isle of Palms. It was designed by a joint venture between LPA and Grenier and built by Massman Construction Company.
The connector is the site of the annual "Isle of Palms Connector Run and Walk for the Child," a combined 10k run and 5k run/walk.
The highway was named for the Honorable Clyde Moultrie Dangerfield, a Charleston area business man who served in the South Carolina House of Representatives.

</doc>
<doc id="19572864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572864" title="Lionel Booth">
Lionel Booth

Lionel O. Booth (12 June 1914 – 31 May 1997) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician and businessman. He was a Teachta Dála (TD) for twelve years.
He was educated at Wesley College in Ballinteer, Dublin, and first entered politics in the 1950s serving on both Dublin County Council and Dún Laoghaire Corporation.
He stood unsuccessfully at the 1954 general election, and was first elected to Dáil Éireann at the 1957 general election for the Dún Laoghaire and Rathdown constituency. He was re-elected at each subsequent general election, but did not contest the 1969 general election and retired from politics.
A qualified solicitor, Booth is probably best be remembered as an astute businessman. He was both the joint managing director of Booth Poole and Company Limited from 1956 and managing director of the Brittain Group from 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="19572871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572871" title="Origen (disambiguation)">
Origen (disambiguation)

Origen was a third-century Christian theologian.
Origen may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19572879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572879" title="Gemma Nelson">
Gemma Nelson

Gemma Nelson (born 1984, West Yorkshire, UK) is a mixed media painter based in London. Her work explores themes of glamour, femininity and obsessive behavior. Nelson studied at The Slade School of Fine Art, London, graduating in 2007. 
She was shortlisted for the Channel 4 / Saatchi Gallery's 2007 "4 New Sensations" prize and this generated significant interest in her work. 
Nelson was also a finalist in the Nationwide Mercury Art Prize 2007. 
Nelson has also exhibited at the Laure Genillard Gallery in London, Coombe Gallery in Devon and Bloomberg New Contemporaries 2008 in Liverpool as part of the European Capital of Culture year and London. 

</doc>
