<doc id="19452825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452825" title="Healthcare in Senegal">
Healthcare in Senegal

Healthcare in Senegal is a central topic of discourse in understanding the wellbeing and vitality of the Senagelese people. According to 2001 data, 54% of the population is below the poverty line, which has implications on people's wellbeing. Common medical problems in Senegal include child mortality, maternal death, malaria, and sexual diseases including HIV/AIDS. There is a high disparity in both the quality and extent of health services between urban and rural areas. The greatest problems in public health are in the East and South (Louga, Kaolack, and Tambacounda) and the region of Casamance.
Currently, there is a need to improve Senegal’s infrastructure to promote a healthy, decent living environment for the Senegalese. Additionally, the country needs more doctors and health personnel, particularly general practitioners, gynecologists, obstetricians, pediatricians, and cardiologists. Moreover, there is a strong need to have more of these personnel in rural areas: as of 2008, Senegal has only twenty full-fledged hospitals, seven of which are in Dakar. From approximately 1905 to the present, there have been significant shifts in Senegal’s healthcare system, the system’s structures, specific diseases that are problematic in Senegal, as well as issues affecting women and children and access to healthcare in Senegal.
History.
As is the case in the rest of the African continent, the Senegalese have long used traditional medicines and rely on traditional healers for their ailments. During the colonial era, the health care system was drastically changed. In 1905, France laid the foundation for health policy in the area, though primarily to serve the French colonial officials and not the native Senegalese. Imperialist extraction from African colonies meant that the health care infrastructure was primarily constructed in large, coastal cities such as Dakar. Infrastructure in rural areas was largely left out of the picture. Later in 1905, Medical Assistance for the Indigenous was created. It was responsible for providing free medical care and health advice to indigenous peoples, promoting immunization, and promoting maternal and child health. After the Second World War, international public opinion became more critical of colonial policy, and comprehensive programs were put in place to fight against major diseases. Since its independence from France, Senegal has become more involved in major international programs for development and health. Some historians argue that the commoditization and commercialization of healthcare, moving from the colonial to the post-colonial era, has reduced health care to a convenience that is only available to the wealthy, with those in dire poverty often unable to access care. As a result of the development of health care infrastructure in the colonial era by the French, access remains very uneven across regions and between income levels.
Organization of the health care system.
Senegal’s health system is pyramidal, with three main parts: a central level, a regional level, and a peripheral level. The central level contains the minister’s office, branches, and related services. The regional level is known as the "medical region", an administrative region that addresses healthcare services within a given region. The peripheral level is known as the "health district", with each district having at least one health center and a network of smaller centers.
The national health system is divided into three levels: regional hospitals, district health centers, and health posts. Rural health care is divided into three parts: health centers, health posts, and health points. Health centers are at the top, with one to two medical doctors and 15-20 people as part of the health staff. Health posts are below these, with four or five health workers. At the lowest level are health points, which house one or two health agents and a midwife.
The system has been the subject of much criticism, especially because of the increasing demands of profitability and the corruption in this part of the government as in other domains of public life.
Financing care.
In 1999, 53% of health funding came from the government, 11% from individuals, 6% from communities, and 30% from international partners. Of a household's health expenditures, 89% is out-of-pocket spending while 11% is in the form of health insurance contributions. Additionally, only 15.2% of Senegalese people have health insurance, most of whom work in the formal sector. On average, a facility charges 2.90 USD for inpatient care for the median length of stay (five days), 0.43 USD for adult outpatient care, and 0.24 USD for children's outpatient care. In terms of expanding health insurance, it seems that policies that will reduce the negative effect of the time lost to seek care by workers, or policies that will increase the accessibility and the quality of care, will be more effective to increase health care utilization than would the introduction of health insurance to those who do not yet have it.
Changes to health care strategies.
Bamako Initiative.
One of the most influential pieces to the transformation of Senegal’s healthcare system in the late 1990s was the Bamako Initiative. The Bamako Initiative started in 1987, when health ministers from two dozen African countries met with representatives of WHO and UNICEF to discuss the limited success of health care strategies in Africa and the need for intervention. At the conference, leaders agreed to provide a minimum of health care services with severely reduced social services budgets. As a result of the meeting, major changes to Senegal’s health system occurred. The meeting resulted in the decentralization of Senegal’s health sector, which some critics believe has brought about chaos in local governments and administration in Senegal.
The Bamako Initiative also led to the establishment of health committees in Senegal in 1992. The committees strive to meet three central goals: to promote health of their community, to mobilize the community around health development, and to improve the quality of services rendered at their health post, clinic, or hospital. In practice, the committees have not been completely representative, and have become problematic to clinic staff and medical personnel. Women have been almost entirely absent from committee elections and seldom are selected for committee boards. Rather, these boards are held by males who may ignore the needs of women, children, and the disadvantaged in their committees. Critics believe the committees have been characterized by mismanagement, mistrust, and a lack of transparency. Despite these issues, there have been significant gains from the Bamako Initiative and health committees. The changes have led to the improved availability of pharmaceuticals, and have also made up for the shortage of health personnel in many instances.
Decentralization.
Decentralization began in the late 1990s, following the Bamako initiative. The key goal has been to make the state more responsive and adaptable to local and regional needs, as opposed to when administrative power and responsibility were concentrated more centrally. This has resulted in more accountability and real power on part of local officials. The state funds a significant portion of the local health budget, but health targets, goals, and interventions are determined at the local level. However, because most local officials have no training on how decentralization should work; there has been a vacuum in terms of planning and management, and weak institutional capacity and the few resources to allocate among increasing responsibilities have exacerbated issues. Decentralization has failed in two major ways: the first three years failed to render politics and local government more participatory and more responsive to local communities, and there has been no attention to gender equality and participation. Decentralization has meant that authorities have completely failed to engage with women’s situations and concerns. There have been additional issues in creating conflicts between city officials and medical district officers over disbursement of money for the health sector.
Privatization.
In addition to changes with the Bamako Initiative and decentralization, Senegalese healthcare has become privatized. Privatization in Senegal has meant that user fees and the sales of pharmaceuticals finance a significant part of the health sector. The state still funds the health sector by paying salaries of state employees and giving each district a discretionary budget each year that it decides. However, user fees and pharmaceutical sales are only the most evident parts of the privatized health system in Senegal. Now, patients must buy a ticket to stand in line and receive care at a health clinic, which can be particularly problematic for mothers, the elderly, and the poorest of the poor. Moreover, hospitals require even more available cash. The effects of privatization in have especially disadvantaged women, because they typically manage the health of the household. Additionally, many preventable deaths have occurred as a direct result of privatization.
Health care utilization.
Health care utilization in Senegal has been shaped by a variety of factors. Women have a greater likelihood of using care than men by 1.4 percentage points. At the individual level, the likelihood of seeking treatment is influenced by the relationship to the head of the household, employment status, gender, and age. It has been found that wealthier people are also more likely to use care by 8 percentage points than the poorest. Moreover, workers who belong to households that require a high load of farm work are less likely to seek care by 7.5 percentage points than the non-workers of households with a low agricultural work requirement.
Barriers to healthcare and medicine.
Some of the greatest barriers to health care utilization include lack of information, lack of communication, low number of health care workers, and social and religious barriers. Currently, there is a strong need for strategies to empower and better support the knowledge role of health coordinators and supervisors. Additionally, the lack of access to current, relevant information by health professionals and decision-makers in Senegal has been problematic. Moreover, health workers desire information on ways to motivate men’s involvement in reproductive health and to address rumors and religious barriers to family planning, which have hindered women’s health care utilization.
Some Senegalese people, particularly in rural areas, face inadequate access to medicines and prescriptions. Improving access to medicine is a priority in developing nations like Senegal. In 2001, Senegal had only 520 pharmacies (1 per 18,320 people) and 731 health centers (1 per 13,032 people). Access to medicine in Senegal may be limited in three main areas: inadequate supply of drugs, including critical drugs missing in health centers and pharmacies; insufficient health infrastructures to cover needs of the entire population; and high costs of drugs, which are sometimes higher than the minimum price, which can be problematic for the poorest of the poor.
Disparities between rural and urban areas.
Major disparities exist in health care access for those living in urban versus rural areas. Approximately 70% of doctors and 80% of pharmacists and dentists are located in Dakar, the capital city. However, only 42% of the Senegalese population lives in urban areas, such as Dakar, which means that few doctors are available to rural residents. Of every 10,000 women who give birth, 24 will die in urban areas, but nearly 100 will die in rural areas. Additionally, there are major disparities in children's nutrition in urban versus rural areas, with those in rural areas being more heavily disadvantaged. Therefore, great attention may be placed on narrowing the gap between urban and rural healthcare access.
Transportation to health facilities.
Often, distance from health care facilities, rough roads, and improper means of transportation limit healthcare access in Senegal. For 80.5% of households, the poorly equipped health post is the only accessible health facility in an average distance of 4.3 kilometers. The closest high-level provider (i.e. a hospital) is located, on average, 20& km away from the village of the household. The improvement in the accessibility of health facilities through better road quality and better means of transport will have a positive effect on health care utilization. Because of extreme distances and environmental conditions, such as muddy roads, only 32% of rural households have regular access to a health center and thereby access to a medical doctor. There are two times more unpaved roads in Senegal than there are paved roads. Often, there is trouble with transportation and vehicles in that non-governmental organizations, or NGOs, may not have a large enough fleet, or vehicles are inappropriate for terrain and dirt roads. Some health centers have ambulances, but there is no plan for vehicle maintenance and replacement. Additionally, there are issues with the transportation of sick, pregnant women; if ambulances are not available, horse-drawn trailers may also be effective. The most effective avenue is to improve the mobility of health care providers rather than solely focusing on improving the mobility of rural populations, which requires far less structural support and funding than does providing transportation for every household.
Specific diseases.
A number of diseases continue to afflict persons who live in and travel to Senegal, some of which are related to Senegal's tropical climate. One of the most prominent diseases is malaria, a parasitic disease transmitted by mosquito bites. One of Senegal’s strategies for combating malaria has been the National Program for the Fight Against Malaria. Other diseases affecting Senegal include:
HIV/AIDS.
The rate of HIV/AIDS in Senegal is one of the lowest in Africa, at approximately 0.9%. According to the UNAIDS, the proportion of adults between the ages of 15 and 49 with HIV/AIDS is approximately 0.9%. The Casamance region has the highest prevalence of HIV/AIDS at 2.0%, which can be attributed in part to the Casamance conflict. There are about 59,000 people in Senegal living with HIV/AIDS, according to a 2009 estimate.
Women’s healthcare concerns.
A number of healthcare concerns afflict women in particular, among them female genital mutilation, maternal healthcare, and gendered healthcare discrepancies. Further, the restructuring of the health care system has also affected women significantly.
Female genital mutilation.
About 20 percent of Senegalese women undergo female genital mutilation (FGM) of some kind, with the most prevalent procedure being the removal of the tip of the clitoris, according to the National Program Against Female Genital Mutilation. It is not widespread among the Wolof or Serer, but is more common among the Fulani, the Diola, the Toucouleurs and the Mandingo. Notably, FGM has no Islamic basis.
Births and fertility.
The birth rate in Senegal is about 36.19 births per 1000 people, according to an 2012 estimate. The fertility rate, according to 2007 estimates, is relatively high, with an average of 5 children per woman. Moreover, the infant mortality rate is 55.16 deaths per 1,000 live births, and the infant mortality rate of males is slightly higher than that of females.
Abortion.
There are many cultural and social barriers that limit abortion in Senegal. Studies have shown that there is strong opposition, from both men and women, to women’s individual choice and agency with abortions, family planning, and sexual health. Therapeutic abortion is allowed to protect a woman’s health or life if threatened by pregnancy, but abortion of any other kind is banned.
Maternal mortality.
Maternal mortality rates in Senegal remain high relative to those of more developed countries. In 2008, the World Health Organization estimated a maternal mortality rate of 450 deaths per 100,000 live births in Senegal. Maternal deaths are typically clustered around labor, delivery, and the immediate postpartum period. One of the most prevalent issues is the regional imbalance in the distribution of health personnel and health indicators, with a disproportionate burden of disease in Eastern Senegal. Expanding coverage of healthcare workers present at birth, in particular midwifery care, can lessen delays, thus minimizing the risk of severe complications and even death. Increased numbers of health workers in a given region is associated with improved outcomes in maternal mortality. Additionally, extreme conservative practices and fundamentalism can limit dispersal of health personnel, especially that of midwives and other female health workers.
Women and structural changes.
In Senegal, gender relations have been largely ignored in processes of decentralization and implementation of community management strategies. One of the key problems resulting in changes to the health sector is that elected officials and health sector personnel have failed to engage with women as potential leaders and participants in community health structures, instead viewing them in some cases as family health managers and targets of health education messages. As household health managers and primary consumers of public health care, women are intimately connected with realities of managing illness and seeking medical treatment. However, in spite of their marginalization, women are not completely passive in the face of disease. As an example, some women have created networks of service providers in the informal sector for the majority of health care needs in the region of Pikine.
Women’s health services and activism.
Social opposition to women’s rights and agency have, as some have argued, barred women from receiving necessary choice and capabilities in regard to family planning, abortions, and sexual health. Health services targeted at women primarily concern childbearing. As a result, diseases like cancer or infertility, or those linked to menopause or violence, may be ignored. In Senegal, a large number of health care providers believe unmarried women should not be given information on family planning methods. Moreover, the Senegalese government has in some cases failed to enforce international human rights treaties it has already signed, some of which protect women’s health services and rights. Also, women’s groups in Senegal have not made sexual health a priority, as some believe they should.
Approaching healthcare inadequacies.
Community-based health insurance plans (CBHI).
One of the major proposed solutions to solving issues within the realm of maternal health care is the inclusion of membership in community-based health insurance plans (CBHI). CHBI schemes are voluntary, non-profit health insurance schemes organized and managed at the community level. In developing nations, CBHI plans are seen as a mechanism to meet health-financing needs of rural informal sector households. CHBI has been incorporated into the national health financing strategy in Senegal. CBHI increases facility-based maternal health services by reducing direct payments, thus facilitating timely use of healthcare. It is beneficial in guarding households against unpredictable and potentially catastrophic medical fees associated with pregnancy-related complications. It can also increase women’s interaction with the formal health care sector through its coverage of non-maternal health services. The most important element is the inclusion of maternal health care in any CBHI benefits package, which makes the most significant difference. CBHI plans can increase the demand for and quality of maternal care though requiring certain standards in contracts with health facilities. However, membership in a CBHI scheme is not always sufficient in influencing maternal health behaviors.
Community health workers (CHWs).
In some countries, community health workers, or CHWs, act as a bridge between the health care delivery system and the community, and ensure that people receive adequate primary health care. CHWs are part of a larger goal to find appropriate strategies to improve the attraction and retention of health workers in remote and rural areas, which is particularly important in Senegal. CHWs may also empower the community to identify its needs. In Senegalese villages, CHWs are often unable to leave their home community for training and education, which has been a major obstacle for developing effective CHW schemes. Other obstacles include poor transportation, poverty, the need to run families, and the absence of an economic plan for CHW training. In particular, village populations in Senegal do not necessarily recognize in the CHW the skills necessary for outreach activities.
Children’s healthcare.
Children’s healthcare in Senegal is of primary concern to development strategists, and is heavily influenced by the health, education, and wellbeing of women. According to data from 2005, 14.5% percent of Senegalese children under the age of 5 are underweight. Only 42% of children between 12 and 23 months receive all necessary vaccinations. Children whose mothers have a primary education have a lower prevalence of malnutrition, and children whose mothers have advanced education are most likely to have the lowest incidence of malnutrition.
Rates of malnutrition are most pronounced among infants between one and two years old. Barriers to of children’s health include:
The nutritional health conditions of children less than five years old may relate to the age as well as the child’s cycle of life, the size and place of residence, elements linked to the household environment such as the nature of the soil of the housing, the source of supply in drinking water, the evacuation mode of the domestic garbage, and the mother's level of education.
Mental health.
The majority of Senegal’s healthcare budget goes to physical health needs; mental health remains an area of concern. The Senegalese government spends 9% of its total health budget on mental health. Senegal has no national mental health program, but mental health issues are prevalent. In 2005, nearly 17% of children had emotional, behavioral or neuropsychiatric disorders. Additionally, 16% of adults had psychiatric illness. Primary sources of mental health financing include, in descending order, private insurance, social insurance, out of pocket expenditures by patient or family, and taxes. Mental health is part of primary health care system, with the treatment of severe mental disorders available at the primary level. NGOs are involved with advocacy, prevention, treatment, and rehabilitation. Still, more attention and concern remains to be paid to mental health in Senegal.

</doc>
<doc id="19452838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452838" title="Cynan ap Maredudd">
Cynan ap Maredudd

Cynan ap Maredudd (died 1295) was a Welsh nobleman who assumed leadership of the Welsh revolt of Madog ap Llywelyn in the mid-Wales area in 1294 and 1295. 
He is recorded in the Welsh chronicle Brut y Tywysogyon as having jointly led the revolt in Deheubarth with Maelgwn ap Rhys (died 1295), but this seems unlikely given his known activities were confined to territories well to the north of those of Maelgwn. He is known to have besieged Builth Castle, and also attacked the castle at Cefnllys. After the collapse of the revolt in the summer of 1295, he was captured, apparently at Hereford, and executed.

</doc>
<doc id="19452854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452854" title="Parc botanique Deau">
Parc botanique Deau

The Parc botanique Deau (2 hectares) is a private botanical garden and arboretum located on the grounds of the Domaine du Chaillaud, Saint-André-de-Lidon, Charente-Maritime, Poitou-Charentes, France. It is open daily; an admission fee is charged.
The garden was begun in 1984 when Colette Deau inherited a family home. It now contains more than 600 varieties of trees, shrubs, perennials, roses, cacti, succulents, and vegetables laid out in the style of an English garden with a small bridge, fountain, cascade, and lake. Sections include an antique vegetable garden, Japanese garden, and rose garden. Its tree collection includes Betula, "Acer griseum", Albizia, cedar, "Cornus kousa", Ginkgo, Koelreuteria, Liquidambar, Liriodendron, Magnolia, Parrotia, Quercus, Salix, Sequoia, and palm trees.

</doc>
<doc id="19452872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452872" title="Oliver Pusztai">
Oliver Pusztai

Olivér Pusztai (born 14 October 1981 in Szombathely, Hungary) is a footballer currently under contract with Austria's SV Austria Klagenfurt.

</doc>
<doc id="19452946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452946" title="Clann na nGael GAA (Cork)">
Clann na nGael GAA (Cork)

Clann na nGael GAA club is a Gaelic football club located in the parish of Drimoleague & Drinagh in County Cork. It draws its players from the villages of Drimoleague & Drinagh, and the surrounding areas. The club participates in the West Cork (Carbery) division of Cork and operates at Junior A, B and C level in football. It is a vibrant club catering for boys and girls from Under 8 up to Adult level.
History.
Clann na nGael Club was founded in 1888.
The Drimoleague & Drinagh club is known throughout West Cork as 'The Scorchers'.
Its one of the oldest clubs in the Carbery Division. Since the origin of the club, Football has always played an important role in every household in the parish. In the early days, the players used to play in 'Walties Field'. Today, Pairc Tagh na Samhna is the home ground of the club. The club has been known in the past, by a few other titles: The O'Connells, Rock Rovers, Sean Hurleys and St. Finbarrs(Hurling)
The club first came to prominence in the 1940s, when the Scorchers won three West Cork titles in a row - 1941, 1942 and 1943. They were regarded by many as being one of the finest footballing sides in the division throughout the 1940s. In 1942 they reached the county final, but lost to a very strong combined services team. Drinagh had their own team at the time as well. Its interesting to note the numbers and the quality of the players in the parish at the time, where they could field two very competitive teams around the same time. Drinagh won the West Cork junior B title in 1950.
The 1950s and 1960s were lean years for the club, except for 1958 when they reached the west cork final again. Unfortunately, they came up against an exceptionally strong Doheny's side at the time. A major effort was made to revive the fortunes of the club in the 1970s. Most of the emphasis was placed on under age teams. This resulted in the club winning numerous under age titles, and a West Cork Junior B title in 1977.
Following that success, the club again regained its Junior A status. The club proved to be one of the strongest teams in west cork throughout the 1980s. They won the 'Little Norah' in 1981 and reached the finals in 1984 and 1988. A first county title was brought to the club by the U16 team in 1985. Since then, two more county titles have come to the club since then. The next was in 2005, when the U14's won the County title. The Juniors managed to bring a 1st adult county & munster title to the club the year after, in 2006, defeating Churchtown & Knockaderry respectively.
The Club achieved a rare feat when it qualified for both the Junior A & B West Cork championship finals in 2010. The Junior A's also competed in the Seandun league(as well as the Carbery league) during the year. In 2011 the Junior A's are competing in the Carrigdhoun league as well as the Carbery League.
In 2011 it was decied to field a 3rd Junior team. Clann na nGael are the only Junior club to have three Adult teams participating in the respective Carbery Leagues & Championship. This is a first for the club and a big step forward in its development. In 2012 the Junior A's reached the semi-finals of the league while the Junior B & D's competed in their respective league finals.
1888 First Match.
Considering that now, Clann na nGael is a Drimoleague–Drinagh team that plays together for the honour of the entire parish it is fitting that the first match played was also a Drimoleague-Drinagh combination. The first match played by a team representing the entire parish took place in Drinagh between Drimoleague-Drinagh (O’Connells) and Leap (Geraldines) in Drinagh. The ball was thrown in at 3 o’ clock after O’Connells won the toss. It is a credit to the men who organised the game that they overcome the difficulties of limited and time consuming transport facilities to select a team from such a large area. The name ‘O’ Connells’ was used in connection with the team representing the parish. In the early years of the GAA most clubs adopted patriotic names to show their nationalistic beliefs and the title was in honour of Daniel O’Connell.
Origins of the Club.
The first sign that a committee was in operation comes in February 1888. A letter appeared in the “Skibbereen Eagle” protesting to the said Paper’s report of a match between the O’Connell’s club (a Drimoleague-Drinagh combination) and the Geraldine Club (Leap). The letter was signed John J. McCarthy, Hon. Secretary with John Beamish stepping into the vacant position.
There is no other mention of the committee’s members until November 3, 1888 when the full list of officials and committee members is stated in ‘The Eagle’. They were:
Treasurer - Dr.Eugene Crowley
Secretary - John Beamish
Committee: Messrs John Maloney, John McCarthy, Denis O’Donoghue, Michael McCarthy, John McCarthy, Jeremiah O’Driscoll, Patrick McSweeney, Timothy Dempsey, Jerome Beechinor P.L.G., Wm. Collins P.L.G., and Jeremiah Driscoll.
Although James Fitzgerald is not listed in the above committee, he is credited with introducing organised sports to Drimoleague. He was originally from Bandon but moved to the parish to live with his son in law, Dr. Crowley, in late ’87. Unfortunately not much is known about James Fitzgerald or his son in law, but we can be very thankful that he decided to move to the parish and help set the foundations for the Clann na nGael Club.
Founding Fathers.
John Beamish: He was a great worker for the GAA and was involved in every major and minor sporting event in the parish. He was a publican and also an agent for the quarries.
Dr. Eugene Crowley: Unfortunately there is not much info available on Dr. Crowley. He practised medicine in Drimoleague but lived in Drinagh town.
Jeremiah O’Driscoll: No info found.
Jerome Beechinor P.L.G.: He was considered one of the gentry in 1888 but was very popular with the locals. He was also involved in Athletics and often offered his fields as a venue for a football match.
Timothy Dempsey:Owned a pub at the corner of Chapel St. where Crowley’s pharmacy now stands.
The Scorcher.
So what and who is the Scorcher - 
In 1902 the team was captained by Jack O' Mahony. He was locally known as 'the Scorcher'. He was so called because of his hard, low, rasping shot. 'The Scorcher' was a member of a very well known and respected family that lived in Main Street West at the start of the 20th century. He served in the first World War, being seriously injured in Flanders.
Notable players.
The following players from the parish, have all represented Cork at different levels (U18 - Adult).
Mens Football
Ladies Football
Numerous players have in the past, or are presently on, Cork U14, U15, U16 and U17 development squads.
Honours.
Munster Championship
Cork County
West Cork Championship
West Cork League
Ladies Football

</doc>
<doc id="19452960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452960" title="Adnan Mravac">
Adnan Mravac


</doc>
<doc id="19452963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452963" title="Col Deane">
Col Deane

Colin 'Col' Deane (born 11 July 1900, date of death unknown) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Melbourne and St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Deane, a rover, represented Tasmania at the 1924 Hobart Carnival. He had been in the state playing for New Town but in 1925 moved to Victoria and lined up for Melbourne. In 1926 he was a member of their premiership team and in 1929 represented the VFL at interstate football.
He didn't play in 1931 as he was in New Zealand but he returned the following year as coach of Melbourne's reserves. After steering them to the premiership, St Kilda acquired his services as playing coach in 1933. Three games into the season he retired as a player and saw out the year coaching from the sidelines.

</doc>
<doc id="19452989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452989" title="Ninja Tuna">
Ninja Tuna

Ninja Tuna is an album by Mr. Scruff. It was released on a newly created record label, also titled Ninja Tuna, a collaboration between Scruff and the record label Ninja Tune. The song "Kalimba" comes free with most Windows 7 computers, which has caused most of the album's fame.
Track listing.
Note: "Kalimba" was selected as one of a handful of tracks by "Microsoft Corporation" in use in its operating system Windows 7.
Bonus Bait.
During the recording sessions for "Ninja Tuna", a number of further tracks were recorded. 10 tracks were released in the UK via Mr. Scruff's website on 9 February 2009, on mp3 and CD, on a limited release entitled "Bonus Bait".
In the U.S., an mp3 double-album version of "Ninja Tuna" was released on 17 February, which included "Bonus Bait" as the second album.

</doc>
<doc id="19452995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452995" title="EXASOL">
EXASOL

EXASOL is an analytic database management software company. Its product is called EXASolution, a RDBMS.
Since 2008 EXASOL leads the well-respected international TPC-H benchmark for analytical scenarios, in all datavolume-based categories 100GB, 300GB, 1TB, 3TB, and 10TB.
Notably, EXASolution holds the top position in the section "Performance" as well as "Price/Performance".
The high-speed database company is acknowledged by Gartner in its "Magic Quadrant for Data Warehouse Database Management Systems" as the only German database vendor besides SAP.
Products.
EXASolution is a parallelized relational DBMS which runs on a cluster of standard hardware servers. Following the SPMD model, on each node the identical code is executed simultaneously. The data is stored in a column-oriented way and proprietary InMemory compression methods are used. The company claims that tuning efforts are not necessary since the database includes some kind of automatic self-optimization (like automatic indices, table statistics, and distributing of data).
Furthermore, EXASolution is designed to run In Memory, although data is persistently stored on disc following the ACID rules. EXASolution supports the and can be integrated via standard interfaces like ODBC, JDBC or ADO.NET. Additionally, a SDK is provided for native integration.
. For OLAP applications, the MDX extension of SQL is supported via ODBO and XMLA.
The license model is based on the allocated RAM for the database software (per GB RAM) and independent to the physical hardware. Customers gain the maximal performance if their compressed active data fits into that licenced RAM, but it can also be much larger.
EXASOL has implemented a so-called Cluster Operating System (EXACluster OS). It is based on standard Linux and provides functionality for parallel programs. It can be compared to Virtualization, but instead of virtualizing the hardware of a single server, it virtualizes a cluster of nodes to a single one. Cluster management algorithms are provided like failover mechanisms or automatic cluster installation.
In-Database analytics is supported. EXASolution integrates support to run Lua, Python, and GNU R scripts in its DBMS cluster in parallel.

</doc>
<doc id="19452999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19452999" title="Bettina Hohls">
Bettina Hohls

Bettina Hohls (born June 26, 1947 in Celle) is a German artist and designer. She raised attention by an international audience with her design and photographic work for the covers of two Peter Hammill albums in 1973 and 1974 as well as with her vocal contributions to releases of the German rock band Ash Ra Tempel in 1972.
Bettina Hohls lives in Berlin and works as a certified cultural manager.
Education and career.
Bettina Hohls attended the Hölty-Gymnasium in Celle until 1963.
In 1969 Bettina Hohls graduated as Designer at Werkkunstschule Hannover (today Fachhochschule Hannover) and attended Hochschule der Künste in Berlin (today Berlin University of the Arts) until 1975.
Hohls was associated with the German psychedelic rock group Ash Ra Tempel, contributing vocals to their 1972 album "Seven Up" (with Timothy Leary) and the single "Gedanken".
She designed the cover of "The Silent Corner and the Empty Stage", a 1974 album by the British singer and songwriter Peter Hammill and took the photograph "Hamburg foliage" on the cover of Hammill's 1973 album "Chameleon in the Shadow of the Night".
In the 1980s and 1990s Bettina Hohls worked as a teacher for arts and took part in various exhibitions and art symposiums in Germany as well as in Korea and Japan. She assisted Peter Gabriel in preparing the first WOMAD festival in 1982.
She is engaged in intercultural studies, works as an artist agent and, on a small scale level, as a concert manager.
Personal life.
Bettina Hohls has a daughter and lives in Berlin since 1969. She is very interested in intercultural communications, especially in Asian culture. She is member of the Deutsch-Japanische Gesellschaft where she takes part in cultural events.
Bettina Hohls is a multiple synesthete.

</doc>
<doc id="19453002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453002" title="Energy in Senegal">
Energy in Senegal

Following institutional reform in 1998, Senegal's electricity sector was split into three entities: Senelec, the national utility, the Agency for Rural Electrification (Agence Sénégalaise d'Electrification Rurale, ASER) and the Electricity Regulatory Board (Commission de Régulation au Secteur de l'Electricité, CRSE).
Production.
Electricity generation, mainly on a Build-Own-Operate (BOO) basis, is open to the private sector, and Senelec, the sole buyer, signs power purchase contracts with independent power producers (IPPs). The General Electric/GTI Dakar IPP, which supplies approximately 20 percent of Senelec’s electrical needs, was commissioned in 1998. It has an installed capacity of 56 MW. On-line since January 2008, the second IPP Kounoune 1 – 67.5 MW - was partially funded by the International Finance Corporation, with Mitsubishi and Matelec S.A.L, a division of the Doumet group from Lebanon, as strategic partners.
Senegal's major source of electricity is mostly diesel and gas, with an installed capacity of 633 MW. Some hydroelectricity generated from the Manantali Dam in Mali is split between Senegal, Mali and Mauritania. Manantali has an installed capacity of 200 MW dispatched as follows: 52% for Mali, 15% for Mauritania and 33% for Senegal (66 MW).
Senelec is dealing with a chronic production gap, which has worsened due to an increased demand – the average demand increase during 2005-2009 is estimated at 7%, representing an electricity consumption of 1.933 TWh in 2005 to an estimated 2.66 TWh in 2009. The company is experiencing declining reliability of aging power plants. Senegal's GDP growth was hindered in 2007 by frequent electricity outages, which caused a slowdown of the economic and manufacturing activities. The GDP growth rate decreased to 2.1% in 2006 from 5.5% in 2005. According to local reports, the outages have contributed to the closure of many small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in the food processing, textile and tourism sectors. Larger companies are reporting declines in output averaging 30%.
Future development.
Senegal is committed to shifting from a diesel-based power generation to cheaper energy sources. Senegal has thus put an option on the coal technology. The recent bid to build-own and operate a 125 MW coal-fired Sendou power station was awarded to a consortium of companies headed by the Swedish operator Nykomb Synergetics. In addition, the country has embarked on an aggressive effort to produce significant quantities of biofuels, initially to run electricity generation units, and has a pilot project using sugarcane-based ethanol.

</doc>
<doc id="19453006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453006" title="Treaty of Gwerneigron">
Treaty of Gwerneigron

Treaty of Gwerneigron was a peace treaty signed by Henry III, king of England and Dafydd ap Llywelyn, prince of Wales of the House of Gwynedd, on 29 August 1241. The treaty brought to an end Henry's invasion of Wales begun earlier that month. 
In it, and the Treaty of London which followed in October, Dafydd agreed to cede large parts of modern-day Flintshire to Henry. The treaty also obliged Dafydd to hand over his half-brother, Gruffudd ap Llywelyn Fawr, to Henry, who promptly imprisoned him in the Tower of London. Given that Gruffudd was a rival claimant to Dafydd's princeship, Henry reasoned that Dafydd's authority could be curbed by the ever-present threat that Gruffudd might be released and sent to Wales to undermine Dafydd's position. Dafydd promised his and his own heirs' loyalty to kings of England so that in the event of breach he would forfeit all the remaining lands to the king. The king also became Dafydd's heir in case the latter died without living offspring.
The treaty effectively prevented Dafydd from pressing his rights to the territories controlled by his father Llywelyn until Gruffudd's death during an escape attempt on 1 March 1244, after which Dafydd invaded Flintshire and recovered his lost territory.

</doc>
<doc id="19453026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453026" title="Ian Epton">
Ian Epton

Ian Epton is a formaer wrestler from Zambia, which was then the British colony of Northern Rhodesia.
He competed at the 1954 British Empire Games, and won a bronze medal for wrestling in the Men's Bantamweight class. In the 1958 British Empire and Commonwealth Games, he won a gold medal for South Africa in the flyweight category.

</doc>
<doc id="19453032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453032" title="Ignacio Rodríguez Ortiz">
Ignacio Rodríguez Ortiz

Ignacio 'Nacho' Rodríguez Ortiz (; born 6 November 1982 in Laredo, Cantabria) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for CD Alcoyano as a forward.

</doc>
<doc id="19453044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453044" title="Passerini">
Passerini

Passerini is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19453047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453047" title="Johnny H. Hayes">
Johnny H. Hayes

Johnny H. Hayes (1941 – 20 September 2008) was a Democratic fundraiser and politician from Tennessee. Hayes is best known for his effort as finance chief for Al Gore's presidential campaigns, both in 1988 and in 2000. Hayes had been with Gore since he managed the finances of Gore's congressional campaign in 1976, and later for his Senate elections in 1984 and 1990. Hayes also held similar positions for Tennessee Governor Phil Bredesen for the 2002 and 2006 campaigns. As vice president, Gore made Hayes director of the Tennessee Valley Authority in 1993. This post he held until 1999, when he left to manage Gore's presidential campaign.
Haynes graduated from Tennessee Technological University in 1961. He died 20 September 2008 in Sideview, Tennessee from stomach cancer. He and his wife, Mary Howard Reese Hayes, had three children.

</doc>
<doc id="19453066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453066" title="Housing in Senegal">
Housing in Senegal

Senegal’s high population growth and migration from the rural areas to Dakar has resulted in the mushrooming of squatter settlements on Dakar’s periphery.
Further, the high costs of construction materials – imported for the most part – combined with prohibitive interest rates – in the range of 8-10% according to BHS, the housing bank – have made housing too expensive for the average Senegalese and for low-income families. As a result, there is a critical shortage of affordable housing, and the Government has estimated at 120,000 the number of units to be built every year in order to meet a growing demand. Under President Abdoulaye Wade’s initiative “one family-one home”, a battery of incentives has been presented to potential homebuilders, as long as the cost of the house does not exceed CFA Franc 7 million ($15,500). They range from providing free land to homebuilders, a 3.3% subsidy to the target buyers of the houses, and tax holidays for imported construction equipment.

</doc>
<doc id="19453069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453069" title="Broomieknowe Golf Club">
Broomieknowe Golf Club

Broomieknowe Golf Club is a parkland golf club in Bonnyrigg, Midlothian, Scotland.
History.
The golf club was formed in 1905 with the golf course opening in April 1906. The original course was designed by North Berwick professional golfer Ben Sayers, consisting of 18 holes and measuring 4740 yards. In 1933, golf course architect and professional James Braid redesigned the course to take advantage of new land, and extended the length to 5826 yards. The James Braid design lasted until the late 1980s, when the course undertook significant restructuring as a result of the extension of the A7 road between Edinburgh at the Scottish Borders. The new course opened in 1995 measuring 6150 yards.
Scorecard.
The current course has a standard scratch of 70 with a competition standard scratch of 69.

</doc>
<doc id="19453085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453085" title="Howell Henry Chaldecott Lury">
Howell Henry Chaldecott Lury

Howell Henry Chaldecott Lury was a London advertising agency founded in 1987 by Rupert Howell, Steve Henry, Axel Chaldecott, Adam Lury and Robin Price. The agency was famous for its work on Tango, creating the famous "Orange Man" (also known as "Slap") commercial in 1991 as well as the commercial, "St George" for Blackcurrant Tango in 1997. The agency also created the 1994 "Does exactly what it says on the tin" campaign for Ronseal.
Howell Henry Chaldecott Lury was bought by Chime PLC in October 1997 and became HHCL and Partners. It merged into the Red Cell Network in January 2002. The HHCL initials were finally dropped and the agency become United London in January 2006 before being closed down by its owner WPP Group in early 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19453113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453113" title="2006–07 Liechtenstein Cup">
2006–07 Liechtenstein Cup

The Liechtenstein Football Cup is Liechtenstein's premier football competition, and has been organised annually by the Liechtenstein Football Association (LFV) since 1946. The winner qualifies to take part in the UEFA Europa League.

</doc>
<doc id="19453119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453119" title="Jan-Erik Larsen">
Jan-Erik Larsen

Jan-Erik Larsen (born 27 May 1963) is a Norwegian editor and politician for the Labour Party, and currently State Secretary in the Office of the Prime Minister.
He started his political career as chairman of the Møre og Romsdal county chapter of the Workers' Youth League in the early 1980s, and later served in the Møre og Romsdal county council from 1983 to 1987. During the first cabinet Stoltenberg 2000-2001 he was appointed State Secretary and responsible officer for press relations in the Office of the Prime Minister. When the government resigned after the election in 2001, Larsen was appointed special advisor to the Labour party group in the Norwegian Parliament, a position he left in 2003. In September 2008, he was re-appointed State Secretary in the Office of the Prime Minister in the second cabinet Stoltenberg.
Outside politics, Larsen worked as a journalist and editor for several regional newspapers. He was editor of "Tidens Krav" 1990-1993 and editor-in-chief of "Telemarksavisa" 1993-1998. He returned to "Tidens Krav" 2005-2008 as editor-in-chief. He has also held positions in the company A-pressen.

</doc>
<doc id="19453190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453190" title="Hans-Joachim Veen">
Hans-Joachim Veen

Hans-Joachim Veen (born 29 August 1944, in Strasbourg) is a German political scientist who since 1994 works as honorary professor at the University of Trier, Germany.
Before his studies, he served as a soldier with Reconnaissance Battalion 3 at Lüneburg for two years. He is bearing the rank of a full colonel (res.) and served as commander of Tank Battalion 524 in Lingen. His last reserve training he served as chief of staff German armed forces command USA and Canada in Reston/Virginia.
He then studied political science, public law and history at the University of Hamburg and the Albert Ludwig University in Freiburg.
In 1975/1976 he worked as scientific assistant at the chair of Wilhelm Hennis at the University of Freiburg and received his Ph.D. in 1976.
From 1983 to 1999 he worked as Director of research at the Konrad Adenauer Foundation and earned himself a reputation in the fields of research on elections and political parties and scientific political consulting. Since 2000 he has been head of the project "Democracy and political party development in eastern Europe" within the foundation. With this project he has opened the way for a systematic support of political parties in young democracies through the Konrad-Adenauer-Foundation. Today he is still active in this field.
In 1994/95 he served as an interim professor for comparative government studies at the University of Trier.
Since 2002 Veen is chairman of the board of the Stiftung Ettersberg (Ettersberg-foundation) in Weimar. The foundation is dedicated to the comparative study of European dictatorships and their democratic transition.
From 2007 to 2009 Hans-Joachim Veen also serves as a head of the Thuringian governmental committee for violence prevention. From 2009 to 2012 he was moderating the History Network Thüringen, a committee dealing with coming to terms with the SED dictatorship. At the time being he is a member of the scientific council with the federal commissioner for the documents of the state security service of the former German Democratic Republic (BStU), he was reelected head of the council on January 21, 2013. 
In 1993 he was awarded the "Bundesverdienstkreuz" because of his merits with regard to the development of the political, economical and historical sciences at the universities of the newly formed German states through a multi-year program for visiting professors which Veen initiated and organized.

</doc>
<doc id="19453193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453193" title="Monsanto Forest Park">
Monsanto Forest Park

Monsanto Forest Park is a protected forest in Lisbon, Portugal, the largest green patch in the city, with almost 1000 ha (10 km2). It offers a well diversified tree-covered area to the Portuguese capital.
A large number of species were introduced in Serra de Monsanto (Monsanto Hills) during the reforesting period. Due to climate and geological characteristics, they created a very interesting ecosystems in the urban patch of Lisbon (and surrounding municipalities). The Ecological Park of Lisbon, located at Monsanto Forest Park, is a meeting point for a new contact with the environment, right in the heart of the Portuguese capital. Its main purpose is to make visitors aware of the many variables of the environment, for instance, geology, climate, flora, and fauna.
The Ecological Park, residing inside the Forest Park, has a perimeter of four kilometres, and a total area of fifty hectares, of which sixteen is fenced and thirty four is non-fenced. It spreads over Serra de Monsanto, from Alto da Serafina to the Woods of S. Domingos de Benfica, passes the farm of Marquis de Fronteira and the Lead Shooting Club of Portugal. The Ecological Park runs an Interpretation Centre, with an auditorium, a space for permanent and occasional exhibitions, and a Centre of Multimedia Resources. Quercus, the largest Portuguese non-profit national environment organization for the conservation of the natural environment, is based in Monsanto Park.
History.
The intensive agricultural usage of the soils led to erosion and practically to a destruction of the original vegetation. In the 1930s, the increasing demand for construction areas led Duarte Pacheco, a Portuguese Secretary of State for the Public Works, to resuscitate an idea from 1868: the reforesting of the then practically bare Serra de Monsanto. The regulation for Monsanto Park was put in place in 1934, and the works for replantation were carried out by farmers and prisoners from Monsanto Fort. Architect Keil do Amaral presented the first complete plan for the park, including leisure and sports areas, some of which still exist. The Ecological Park has a privileged location at Monsanto Forest Park — the largest green patch in the city of Lisbon, with almost 1000 ha. The Monsanto Park Circuit, a 5.44 km (3.38 mi) race track, hosted the 1959 Formula One Portuguese Grand Prix.

</doc>
<doc id="19453199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453199" title="Arboretum des Milelli">
Arboretum des Milelli

The Arboretum des Milelli is an arboretum located on the 12-hectare grounds of Les Milelli, outside Ajaccio, Corse-du-Sud, Corsica, France. Les Milelli was the long-time summer retreat of the ancestors of Napoleon I of France, and one of his childhood residences; its olive groves provided a large part of the family's income. The house itself is closed to visitors, but its grounds and arboretum are open. The arboretum contains woody plants representative of Mediterranean flora; an admission fee is charged. The name I milelli means " the little apple trees " in Corsican language.

</doc>
<doc id="19453231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453231" title="Canoeing at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Women's K-2 500 metres">
Canoeing at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Women's K-2 500 metres

The women's K-2 500 metres event was a pairs kayaking event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1976 Summer Olympics program.
Results.
Heats.
The 14 crews first raced in two heats on July 28. The top three finishers from each of the heats advanced directly to the semifinals while the remaining eight teams were relegated to the repechages.
Repechages.
The eight crews first raced in two repechages on July 28. The top three finishers from each of the repechages advanced directly to the semifinals.
Semifinals.
The top three finishers in each of the semifinals (raced on July 30) advanced to the final.
Final.
The final was held on July 30. 

</doc>
<doc id="19453255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453255" title="Wrestling at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 57 kg">
Wrestling at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 57 kg

The Men's Freestyle 57 kg at the 1976 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Maurice Richard Arena.
Tournament results.
The competition used a form of negative points tournament, with negative points given for any result short of a fall. Accumulation of 6 negative points eliminated the loser wrestler. When only three wrestlers remain, a special final round is used to determine the order of the medals.
Final.
Results from the preliminary round are carried forward into the final (shown in yellow).

</doc>
<doc id="19453261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453261" title="GRAITEC Advance">
GRAITEC Advance

GRAITEC AdvanCAD / CAE software package developed by GRAITEC that includes three complementary software applications:
GRAITEC Advance Building Information Modeling (BIM) software package that provides tools for tracking changes and synchronizing data between Engineers and Detailers during the design and detailing process. 
Advance programs communicate with each other through a data exchange component that recreates and stores the model in a specific BIM format, named GTC (Graitec Transfer Center). Including classes of standard objects, GTC is capable to recognize all object types of a digital model (from structural elements and geometric entities to loads and analysis parameters), and to transfer the model data between compatible software applications.
GTC serves as a communication link between the following applications and standards:
The GTC data exchange component allows managing the synchronization between two digital models issues by one of Graitec Advance suite programs or by different software applications.
The GRAITEC Advance applications allow users to simultaneously and securely work at the same project. The model data are stored in a shared database.

</doc>
<doc id="19453274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453274" title="IE University">
IE University

IE University is a private university, owned by for-profit business firm Instituto de Empresa S.L., whose main campus are located in Segovia, Castile and León, and in Madrid, Comunidad de Madrid (Spain). 
IE University programs are run in English and Spanish, and are compliant with the terms of the European Higher Education Area (Bologna Accord).
History.
IE University was founded in Santa Maria la Real Convent after Instituto de Empresa Ltd. acquired Universidad S.E.K. (S.E.K. are the initials of San Estanislao de Kostka, Saint Stanislaus Kostka in English language), which was founded in 1997 and was owned by the "Educational Institution SEK". In 2004, the regulator, the Junta de Castilla y León approves the bylaws of the "Universidad S.E.K." On November 30, 2006, la Junta de Castilla y León authorizes the partial sale of ownership of "Universidad S.E.K." to the business firm "Instituto de Empresa, S. L." (owner of the IE Business School). In 2007 the Junta approves the modification of the bylaws of the "Universidad S.E.K." In 2008 the name was changed from "Universidad S.E.K." to "IE Universidad" in Spanish language, and the commercial name IE University in English language (IE being the initials of "Instituto de Empresa"). IE university began operations in September 2009, and its first class will graduate in 2013.
Authorities.
Since its creation, IE University has had three Rectors: Santiago Iñiguez (2008-2009), Juan Luis Martínez (2009-2010), and Salvador Carmona (2011-date).
Student life.
There is a residence in the Segovia campus of the university known as the University’s Reyes Católicos Hall. However, most students choose to reside in apartments in the area due to very limited space in the residence. The Madrid campus however has no residence and students must reside in apartments in the city alternatively. 
Student body composition.
There are approximately 75 nationalities on campus and counting.
Segovia Campus.
The campus is situated beside the Eresma river, at the foot of the old city walls that surround Segovia’s historic quarter, and a five-minute walk from Segovia’s Roman Aqueduct. 
The IE University campus has a surface area of over 18,000 m2, and facilities include a library and canteen. 
Further installations and resources include:
Santa Cruz la Real Convent.
According to the Life of Saint Dominic of Guzman, the Convent of Santa Cruz was the first to be founded by the Order of Preachers in Spain in 1218, just two years after the creation of the mendicant order of the Dominicans. Diego de Colmenares, a 16th-century chronicler, adds that Saint Dominic did penance in a cave near the river to the north of the city, outside its walls, and that he founded the order in this spot.
The order's dedication to the holy cross also originates from the early times of this community according to Colmenares and other 14th century documents.
In the fifteenth century the Catholic Monarchs, as King Ferdinand and Queen Isabella were known, gave their patronage to the convent and this royal protection was what led it to be known as Santa Cruz “la Real”, i.e. the convent of the “Royal” Holy Cross. Although the city's institutions had played a part in the convent's development, the Dominicans were not a prosperous order until the Catholic Monarchs came to the throne, when they were given control of the Inquisition. The convent was rebuilt over the former 13th century Romanesque structure and the current church, with its monumental portal, was also erected under Friar Tomás de Torquemada, the first Grand Inquisitor and prior of the Holy Cross community.
The Dominican presence in the convent lasted until the monks were released from their religious vows as decreed by the minister Mendizábal in 1836. The convent then became a hospice and, until recent times, it was a nursing home for the elderly under the ownership of the Segovia Provincial Council. It has since undergone extensive renovation to house IE University.
Aula Magna.
The convent church was designed by fifteenth century Spanish architect Juan Guas, and is a faithful example of late gothic architecture. It now serves as IE University’s Aula Magna, being used for graduation ceremonies, conferences and other key events. 
Programs of study.
Undergraduate programs.
Bachelor of:
Rankings.
IE University holds a leading position in Europe among institutions of higher education for excellence in innovation and learning technologies.
IE University holds the first position in Spain and No. 34 worldwide according to the New York Times's 2013 graduate employability survey.
The Univeristy holds is 9th in Europe, and 37th worldwide for innovation and technologies according to the Education Times of India.
Graduate school.
See:
Study abroad programs.
IE University runs exchange programs with students (and professors) from international schools and universities, including Architectural Association School of Architecture, Brown University, University of Arizona, Universidad de Los Andes, Instituto Tecnológico de Monterrey, and Politecnico di Milano.
Athletics.
Intramurals and outdoor activities include swimming, aerobics, spinning, pilates, yoga, general fitness, capoeira, judo, taekwondo, kick boxing, Thai-boxing, tai-jitsu, karate, football, basketball, handball, badminton, table tennis, mountain walking, mountain biking and skiing. 
Student clubs organize skiing trips to other European locations, cycling holidays in Holland (Bike & Boat trips), Mighty Movers Club for charities, Chess Club, Investment Club, Padel Club, Golf Club, Intra-Personal Skills Club, etc.
References.
http://www.ie.edu/university/news-events/news/ie-university-consolidates-its-position-among-top-50-universities-worldwide-recruit
http://www.ie.edu/university/news-events/news/ie-university-ranked-no-6-europe-education-times-youth-incorporated

</doc>
<doc id="19453284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453284" title="Anand Kurian">
Anand Kurian

(Alby) Anand Kurian (13 September 1958, Calcutta, India), is a marketing communications theorist and writer; he has been featured among thirty marketers from around the world. He has conceived and developed the twin marketing management concepts of Reality Plus and Neo People, other allied concepts and the Universal Integrators marketing model. 
His first book, The Peddler of Soaps, a political novel against religious fundamentalism, was on the India Today best-seller list. For his next book, a work of non-fiction, professionals such as Narayana Murthy, Mani Shankar Aiyar, Javed Akhtar, R. Gopalakrishnan and IIM professors are interpreting his management concepts, in their own areas of specialisation.
Education.
He was educated at Bombay Scottish School, St. Xavier’s College, Elphinstone College and Government Law College, Mumbai. He was first in his division at the University of Cambridge Indian School Certificate examination; he graduated with honours from Mumbai University, he was awarded scholarships throughout an unorthodox academic career.
He qualified as a lawyer; he topped Moot Courts in Mumbai University, in Maharashtra State and in India.
His thesis for his PhD in Management was recommended by two former deans of IIM Ahmedabad, and featured contributions from the co-authors of Philip Kotler’s classic on marketing.
Early career.
He trained at Griner, Cuesta & Schrom, an advertising company in New York. He founded Emphasis on his return to Mumbai; his company has conceived and executed advertising work for multinational majors such as Procter & Gamble, Nestlé, Colgate-Palmolive, PepsiCo and Unilever, and for products such as Lay's, Ariel, Lifebuoy and Coca Cola.
The struggle against communalism.
The rise of communalism in India occurred at this time; Anand Kurian wrote "The Peddler of Soaps", a political novel set against this period. The book seemed prescient; it was written before the Gujarat riots erupted.
The book found support among intellectuals, celebrities, newspaper editors and national award winning actors; among them were Vir Sanghvi, Shabana Azmi, Shobhaa De and Tabu.
Sanghvi described The Peddler of Soaps as ‘Deceptively simple, a contemporary, modern-day fable’; Azmi called it ‘The right book for these wrong times’.
In its review, "India Today" said, "It explores the tantalisingly complex issue of why multicultural societies lapse into violence and communal rioting." "The Hindu" described it as "Beguilingly simple..." Critical reviewers and readers dubbed it as pseudo-secular.
His use of the small letter ‘i’ for the personal pronoun ‘I’ (in certain chapters of the book), has now been adopted in the editorial page of The Times of India.
The book was on the India Today best-seller list and it topped the best-seller charts of "The Times of India", "The Financial Express" and "The Indian Express". It was to be made into a film by Mansoor Khan but the project was still-born.
Key management concepts.
He has conceived and developed marketing management concepts such as: "‘Reality Plus’" "‘Neo People’" "‘Simulated Obsolescence’" and "‘The Afghanistan Syndrome’".
He has developed "‘The Universal Integrators model’", a marketing management enabler that helps overcome barriers as products and services cross boundaries.
"‘The Transference Response’", applies a concept from psychoanalysis to marketing communications.
"‘The Laggard's Lock’", (co-written with Nitin Borwankar) describes how our mindsets do not always keep pace with new technologies and how we tend to use new tools in a less than optimal way.
He coined the term "‘Co-omperation’" in a paper that appeared in the AIMA Journal, developing the concept to describe relationships where competition and co-operation co-exist. He described co-omperation as being the most natural of all human transactions.
He has developed the "‘Triple F Model’". Applying it to Apple under Steve Jobs, he opines that Job's contributions in the area of pure ‘Function’ are less significant, but that his contributions in the areas of ‘Functionality’ and ‘Form’ are substantial. 
In 'The Mirror Maxim', he shows how frailties, ordinariness, imperfections and handicaps can become strengths and the competition repositioned as plastic and out of touch with the common person. 
He has lectured on these concepts at the Indian Institutes of Management (IIMs), at CEO conclaves, to industry bodies, at IIM conferences, to faculty and students of universities abroad and to members of the Indian Administrative Services (IAS).
These lectures have subsequently been published in the "Business Standard", the "Times of India", the "Hindustan Times", in professional advertising and marketing publications such as Afaqs, and in "The Journal of the All India Management Association".
Articles, keynote addresses & lectures.
He lectures at the Indian Institutes of Management (IIMs), the Film and Television Institute of India (FTII) and the National Institute of Design (NID). His message against communalism is summarised in the dictum "‘A world without borders... people without labels.’"
"The Indian way", a keynote Convocation Address at the Mudra Institute of Communications, Ahmedabad (MICA) is an analysis of the strengths and weaknesses of the Indian way of life.
In "Racing on the fast track" Anand Kurian (who is an Namboodiri Brahmin from the community that Arundhati Roy wrote about in "The God of Small Things)", takes a critical look at the caste system.
He has founded India's first campus channel; the Chairman of Cadbury's described it as "an example of the power of an innovative idea." Along with two former Deans of the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad, he has designed a subject "‘The New Culture of Business’", for management students. He has introduced courses on ‘The Business of Cinema’ to management education in India.
Today.
He is working on his second book, a work of non-fiction. Professionals from diverse fields – such as Narayana Murthy, Mani Shankar Aiyar, R. Balki, Sagarika Ghose, Ashis Nandy, Abraham Koshy (of IIM, Ahmedabad), Javed Akhtar and R Gopalakrishnan – are interpreting his concepts, in their areas of specialisation, for the book.
He is part of an international brand consultancy; he has been cited for multi-media innovations, and has served on juries for professional awards. He has been profiled in ‘Marketing people’ (Barnes & Noble), a book about thirty marketers from around the world. 
Meanwhile, his feature film has been long delayed. And critics have described him as unorthodox and unconventional.
Others see his unorthodoxy as his strength. Says a former Dean of IIM, Ahmedabad Dr Parikh, "He draws from cultural anthropology as well as from McKinsey and Kishore Biyani. He straddles both left and right brain territory to create a new, more dynamic picture."
Says another erstwhile Dean of IIM, Ahmedabad,Dr Shingi, "He is a Renaissance man; he helps us see, beyond narrow specializations, the complete picture."

</doc>
<doc id="19453294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453294" title="Anonas LRT Station">
Anonas LRT Station

Anonas LRT Station is a station on the Manila Light Rail Transit System Line 2 (MRT-2). Anonas station is one of the many elevated stations that can be found on the line. The station is located in Project 3 in Quezon City and is named because of its location near Anonas Avenue.
The station is the ninth station for trains headed to Santolan and the third station for trains headed to Recto.
Nearby landmarks.
The most recognizable landmark that the station is located at is Saint Joseph Parish, Saint Joseph Catholic School just within the Church grounds, World Citi Medical Center, Anson Supermart, Hi-Top Supermart, and the future Anonas City Center. Anonas LRT Station is also the closest station for passengers heading to Project 4.
Transportation links.
Buses, taxis, jeepneys, tricycles, and cycle rickshaws can be used to navigate the area. Buses and jeepneys ply the Anonas Avenue and Aurora Boulevard routes. Commuters bound for Project 4 must use the southern exit, must walk towards Hi-Top Supermart and National College of Business and Arts-Cubao in Project 4, Quezon City. A tricycle terminal will be seen near Hi-Top Supermart that will bring the commuters to their desired destinations.

</doc>
<doc id="19453296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453296" title="Gary Claxton">
Gary Claxton

Gary J. Claxton aka The Mouth of the South born on November 21, 1966 in Savannah, Georgia. He was raised in a rural community of Cedar Crossing, Georgia. He is a Christian, country comedian. He has charted several albums with his latest titled "Hillbilly Hitch'd". Gary has had five other albums to moderate success.
He is a graduate of Toombs Central High School and attended Georgia Southern College in Statesboro, Georgia. Gary dropped out of college to pursue a job. He experienced hard times growing up due to his illiterate father and his mother was always stricken with poor health dying at an early age.
There seemed to never be any money in the family. There was always laughter while joking with others about how poor they really were. Gary worked at different professions, one in which he was an on the road sporting goods salesman. He also owned his own landscaping business which turned into his big break of venturing out and running his family green plant business. For the first time in his life, he made a better than average income. This led to his discovery in becoming a national entertainer, traveling the country and telling his story under the stage name of The Mouth of the South. Gary is a born again Christian. He prides himself on never telling a story that he could not tell in church.
In the late 1990s, he began to find his niche while touring and entertaining in over 200 shows a year across the United States. He has recorded six albums, had his own television show, several radio shows, has written and produced advertisements, and has been a monthly columnist for different Christian and Country newspapers.
Gary was always inspired by the late Jerry Clower which also came from little means to making it big as a house hold name telling stories. He mainly tells stories of his upbringing in Cedar Crossing, Georgia, his memories and exploits while frequently talking about him and his brother Carl's adventures.
Gary is the youngest of seven children. In his personal life, on May 13, 1989 he married LeAnn Oglesby who he is stilled married to and has one son, Gary Claxton, Jr.
Gary continues to tour and tell his humorous stories across the country.

</doc>
<doc id="19453304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453304" title="Carndochan Castle">
Carndochan Castle

Carndochan Castle () is a stone castle near Bala in Gwynedd, north Wales built in the thirteenth century. early history is unrecorded, and it would seem to have been built by one of the three major princes of Wales to have governed in the thirteenth century, Llywelyn Fawr, Dafydd ap Llywelyn, or Llywelyn the Last. 
Built in typical Welsh style, it consisted of a D-shaped tower with smaller round or semi-round towers surrounding a small ward and central keep, and was built to guard the southern borders of the kingdom of Gwynedd against incursion. Its poor state of preservation today is probably the result of a combination of its exposed position and the use of poor-quality mortar. It is not known when or how Carndochan was abandoned, although unsubstantiated excavations by nineteenth-century archaeologists apparently discovered substantial amounts of ash under the ruins, suggesting the castle was either sacked or slighted. 

</doc>
<doc id="19453313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453313" title="Japanese Antarctic Expedition">
Japanese Antarctic Expedition

__NOTOC__
The Japanese Antarctic Expedition of 1910–12 was the first exploration of Antarctic territory by an expedition from Japan. Led by Army Lieutenant Nobu Shirase, its ship "Kainan Maru" left Tokyo in December 1910, reached the ice on 26 February 1911 and sailed on into the Ross Sea. As it was very late in the Antarctic season, the ship was not able to get beyond Coulman Island, and returned to Sydney, Australia to winter there.
During the following season a third attempt was made to reach an Antarctic landfall, with the specific objective of exploring King Edward VII Land. At the Great Ice Barrier, the "Kainan Maru" encountered Roald Amundsen's ship "Fram", which was waiting in the Bay of Whales for the return of Amundsen's South Pole party. A "Dash Patrol" of seven men from the "Kainan Maru" then landed on the Barrier and journeyed southward to 80°05'S, at which point adverse weather forced their return. Meanwhile the ship landed another party on the coast of King Edward VII Land, where an exploration of the lower slopes of the Alexandra Range was carried out. "Kainan Maru" returned to Japan; it reached Yokohama on 20 June 1912.

</doc>
<doc id="19453326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453326" title="Corn Street">
Corn Street

Corn Street is one of the principal streets in the historic centre of Bristol, England. It runs west from a junction with Broad Street, Wine Street and High Street (the location of the Bristol High Cross until 1733) towards the Centre.
Corn Street largely escaped destruction during the Bristol Blitz, and a number of historic buildings survive:
On the pavement in front of the Exchange are four bronze tables dating from the 16th and 17th centuries, known as "nails", at which merchants carried out their business.
There are different theories on the origin of the name of the street. Apart from the obvious derivation as a place where corn was traded, other theories link the name to a John Corn who once owned land here, and to Coernicus, once Warden of Bristol Castle. 

</doc>
<doc id="19453331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453331" title="William Heneker">
William Heneker

General Sir William Charles Giffard Heneker KCB KCMG DSO (August, 1867 – May 1939) was a Canadian born and educated soldier who served with the British Army in West Africa, India, and then later on the western front during the First World War. A notable military strategist and tactician, he became one of the most experienced and highly decorated Canadians in the British Empire, and one of only a handful of Canadians to reach the rank of full General.
Education.
William Heneker was born in Sherbrooke, Quebec on 22 August 1867, the son of Richard William Heneker (1823-1912) and Elizabeth, daughter of Captain Edward Tuson R.N. He received his early education at Bishop's College School in Lennoxville, Quebec, and then later entered military life when he enrolled at the Royal Military College of Canada in Kingston, Ontario on 1 September 1884. Assigned student # 168, he graduated from RMC on 28 June 1888 with the rank of Sergeant and first class grades.
Military service.
During the first several decades of RMC's existence it was common practice for the War Office in London to offer commissions in the British Army to the best Canadian graduates. Heneker accepted an Imperial commission with the 1st Battalion, Connaught Rangers as a Second Lieutenant on 5 September 1888. At the time the unit was serving in India and Heneker joined the regiment there. He was promoted to lieutenant 12 February 1890, and later received his promotion to captain on 10 March 1897. Soon after he was seconded to the Niger Coast Protectorate, and began the period of his career that would define his legacy.
Between 1897 and 1906 Heneker served in the West African theatre, and participated in a variety of campaigns ranging from peacetime military engagement, to counterinsurgency, to major combat operations. He served in the 1899 Benin Territories Expedition as Intelligence and Survey Officer, and was mentioned in Despatches for his services. He became Brevet Major 31 July 1901. He served as Second-in-Command of the Southern Nigeria Regiment, in Southern Nigeria, 1902, and also served with the Royal West African Frontier Force. Heneker commanded the Ulia and Ishan Expeditions, the Ibeku-Olokoro operations, Afikpo operations, and also commanded No.4 Column in the 1901-02 Anglo-Aro War. Heneker also waged a notable campaign against Chief Adukukaiku of Iggara, for which he again received a Mention in Despatches. Heneker was promoted to Brevet Lieutenant Colonel 21 August 1903, but received his substantive British Army rank of major on 16 February 1907. He was later awarded the Brevet of full colonel on 24 October 1907.
Heneker was eventually posted to Southern Africa where he was Deputy Assistant Adjutant and Quarter-master-General, Orange River Colony District from 21 April 1906 to 20 April 1910. He then served briefly in India and the northwest frontier. As Lieutenant Colonel, he commanded the 2nd Battalion North Staffordshire Regiment at Peshawar, India 10 April 1912. He served as Temporary Brigade Commander, 1st Peshawar Infantry Brigade in 1912, and then later briefly as Temporary Brigade Commander, Rawalpindi Infantry Brigade from 1913 to 1914. He was finally appointed Commander, 1st Infantry Brigade, Quetta, in October 1914. During this time Heneker continued to serve as one of the King's Aide-de-Camps, an appointment he received in October 1907 and held until June 1917. William Heneker was a resourceful and skilled soldier as well as an exceptional tactician. For his military services in West Africa he was invested by King Edward VII on 18 December 1903 with the Distinguished Service Order.
Military Thought.
In 1907 Heneker published a book examining tactical innovation in small wars titled ‘Bush Warfare’. The first serious analysis of the characteristics of small wars since the 1896 publication of British Army Lieutenant Colonel Calwell's "Small Wars", Heneker's own study became required reading and a resource for all commanders until new doctrinal publications appeared in the 1930s. In 2007, Canadian military historian Andrew Godefroy edited a new edition of "Bush Warfare" in honour of the centenary of its original publication.
World War I.
Temporary Brigadier General William Heneker was assigned to active duty in Europe at the outbreak of the First World War. He commanded the 54th Infantry Brigade, British Expeditionary Force from 13 March to 14 December 1915. During this period, he was severely wounded, but managed to recover well enough from his injuries to return to front line service. Heneker received his substantial promotion to full Colonel on 10 April 1916, though he retained his temporary appointment as Brigadier. Anxious to return to command, he was appointed to lead the 190th Infantry Brigade, Royal Naval Division, France from 29 October to 8 December 1916.
Heneker's next appointment was to the command of the 8th Infantry Division, which he led from 9 December 1916 until the end of the war. He was promoted to Major General substantive, 3 June 1917, commendsurate with his new responsibilities. 
Despite a tenacious defence during the 1918 German spring offensive, Major General Heneker's division was overrun at the town of Villers-Bretonneux. Fortunately Sir Thomas William Glasgow's 13th Brigade (Australia), and Harold Elliott's 15th Infantry Brigade (Australia), managed to recapture the location on 25 April 1918, and this feat of arms was later described by Lieutenant-General Sir John Monash, commander of the Australian Infantry Force, as the turning-point of the war.
Following the armistice on 11 November 1918, Heneker remained in service with the British Army during the occupation of the Rhineland. His division held a portion of the Bridgehead east of Cologne, Germany from March to October 1919, after which he took command of a new formation, the Independent Division, Rhine Army, which he commanded from October 1919 to February 1920. Heneker commanded the Rhine Garrison at Cologne in Germany beginning in March 1920.
In 1921, Heneker served as commander of the Inter-Allied Commission of Management in Upper Silesia, stabilizing the borders between Germany and Poland. He was then made General Officer Commanding 3rd Division at Salisbury Plain until 1926. In 1928 he returned to India, where he was appointed Commander-in-Chief, Southern Command in India. He vacated his appointment as GOC-in-C on 22 March 1932, and was placed on half-pay from the following day before retiring from the Army on 16 April 1932.
Awards and recognition.
In addition to his DSO for his actions during the Aro Expedition and several Mentions in Desptaches for West Africa, Heneker was made Commandeur of the Legion of Honour in 1918, and a KCB in 1919.
Family.
He married Clara Marion, daughter of E Jones, of Velindre, Wales, in 1901. The couple had two sons: David William, born 31 March 1906, and Patrick Allason Holden, born 1 September 1908. David Heneker was a composer and lyricist of Charlie Girl. He was nominated for three Tony Awards: in 1961, as one of the authors of the English book and lyrics for Best Musical nominee "Irma la Douce," and in 1965, as Best Composer and Lyricist and for music and lyrics of Best Musical nominee "Half a Sixpence." Patrick Allason Holden was a Captain in the 3rd Cavalry of the Indian Army; he died 29 August 1942 as a Prisoner of War on Singapore.

</doc>
<doc id="19453334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453334" title="Luna Mystika">
Luna Mystika

Luna Mystika is a Filipino fantasy/romace drama created by RJ Nuevas, directed by Michael Tuviera and Gil Tejada, Jr., produced and aired by GMA Network. The series starred Heart Evangelista in the title role, with Mark Anthony Fernandez as the leading man.
The series premiered on November 17, 2008 and concluded on March 6, 2009 (with 80 episodes overall). It was aired internationally with a two-day delay on GMA Pinoy TV.
Three years after the series ended, GMA Network makes its sequel entitled "Luna Blanca". It is a three-generational drama which featured three generations of actresses for the title roles. On its first book, child stars Jillian Ward and Mona Louise Rey play the roles of "Luna" and "Blanca" respectively. On the second part, teen stars Bea Binene and Barbie Forteza will play the roles respectively. On the third book, which will covers the womanhood stage, actresses Bianca King and Heart Evangelista will play the roles of "Luna" and "Blanca" respectively.
Plot.
In Barrio Mausok where the town folks still believe in the presence of "engkantos", there lives the affluent Sagrado Family, Don Joaquin (Dante Rivero) and Dona Benita (Chanda Romero) and their two beautiful daughters Alice (Sheryl Cruz) and Diana (Rita Avila). But Diana apparently attracts more suitors than Alice causing the latter to harbor enmity for the favored one.
Surprisingly, regardless of her countless suitors, Diana gives her heart to Simon (Ariel Rivera), a beastly-looking young man with a distorted face feared to have descended from the Engkantos. Soon the news spreads about their relationship and Diana's parents try to end their romance. However, it's too late since Diana is already with child.
During her pregnancy, Diana thinks she will have twins since her stomach is so big. But upon her delivery, only one baby comes out, much to her bewilderment. Unknown to them, aside from the human baby Luna (Heart Evangelista), Diana also gives birth to a baby in the form of a shadow, which turns out to be Celestina.
The twins grow up without their mother or their father, who mysteriously disappeared. Luna grew up to become a weak disfigured woman who is always mocked by people around her, except for her childhood sweetheart, Dexter. While Celestina grew up to be the strong willed one who always wanted to experience life and became tired of being the shadow of Luna. Because of a mysterious fruit provided by the engkantos, their roles will change every time the moon will show up. When the sun rises, Luna is human but when the moon is above the sky, Celestina becomes human and Luna becomes the shadow. Celestina harbors a lot of envy on her twin so by night time, she secretly tries to take over her own sister's life, She tries to sabotage her sister's life especially make Dexter fall for her exceptional beauty.

</doc>
<doc id="19453335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453335" title="NECW Television Championship">
NECW Television Championship

The NECW Television Championship was a professional wrestling title in New England Championship Wrestling. The title was later unified with the PWF Mayhem Junior Heavyweight title.
Title history.
!style="background: #e3e3e3;" width=25%|Wrestler:
!style="background: #e3e3e3;" width=5% |Times:
!style="background: #e3e3e3;" width=15%|Date:
!style="background: #e3e3e3;" width=18%|Location:
!style="background: #e3e3e3;" width=32%|Notes:

</doc>
<doc id="19453338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453338" title="Gateway College, Sri Lanka">
Gateway College, Sri Lanka

Gateway College is an international school in Sri Lanka, with four branches in Colombo, Kandy, Bambalapitiya and Negombo. Formerly the Gateway International School, it was established in 1989 by prominent educationist R. I. T. Alles, former State Secretary of Education and founder-principal of D.S. Senanayake College. It is a member of the Gateway Group.
Gateway College, Colombo.
A four-acre Campus situated in Royal Gardens, Rajagiriya, provides teaching and learning for children from 2 ½ to 18 years of age. It has a blend of leading British Independent Schools architecture and Sri Lankan culture. The student population of the school is 3500. 
Until 2010, the Gateway Graduate School (which provided diplomas and degrees in various disciplines) was located just across the road from the premises. It has since been moved to central Colombo.
Gateway College, Bambalapitiya.
The school in Bambalapitiya is patronized by students living in the western and southern parts of Colombo in addition to the ones living in the coastal areas of Dehiwela, Mt. Lavinia, Ratmalana, Moratuwa and Panadura. It provides teaching for classes between Playgroup and Grade 2.
Gateway College, Negombo.
Gateway College Negombo was the third branch to be opened by the Gateway Group (in February 2007), initially catering only to playgroup and kindergarten classes. The Secondary School section followed soon after in late August 2007, again catering to a limited number of classes to begin with (up to grade 9). The school rapidly progressed, and the Gateway Group continued to expand the premises of the school. 
In June 2008 it was decided that the school was ready to commence advanced level classes, and thus offered Advanced Subsidiarity (AS) level examinations from then onward.
Within a short space of time the school has become one of the leading educational institutes in the area, boasting a student population of over 600. It has produced many champion athletes, as well as hosting several basketball tournaments. Another asset that the Gateway College Negombo has produced is the Gateway College Negombo Media Unit, which provides high quality media solutions and coverage for all school events. 
The latest move by the school is to expand into the tertiary segment of education, by starting the Gateway Graduate School Negombo adjoining the main school. Construction work is almost completed, and the Graduate School will be open mid-2011.
Houses.
The schools houses are named after the first four Prime Ministers of Ceylon.

</doc>
<doc id="19453353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453353" title="2001 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 4 × 400 metres relay">
2001 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 4 × 400 metres relay

These are the official results of the Men's 4x400 metres event at the 2001 IAAF World Championships in Edmonton, Canada. Their final was held on Sunday 12 August 2001 at 16:20h.
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19453358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453358" title="Herb Parsons Lake">
Herb Parsons Lake

Herb Parsons Lake is a Reservoir lake located in Fayette County, Tennessee near the town of Eads. The lake is named after Herb Parsons an exhibition shooter. It is known primarily for its fishing, hiking and bicycle trails and wildlife. It has several facilities such as a boat launching ramp, fish attractors, handicapped accessible fishing pier, bait and tackle, and rental boats.
Fishing.
Herb Parsons Lake has several species of fish including largemouth bass, bluegill, crappie, redear sunfish, and blue, channel & bullhead catfish.

</doc>
<doc id="19453362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453362" title="Ammonium benzoate">
Ammonium benzoate

Ammonium benzoate, a white solid, is the ammonium salt of benzoic acid.

</doc>
<doc id="19453373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453373" title="Growin' Up (album)">
Growin' Up (album)

"Growin' Up" is the eleventh regular studio album by European-American pop group The Kelly Family. Based on concept by Dan Kelly, it was co-produced by Kathy and Paddy Kelly and released in 1997 (see 1997 in music) throughout most of Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="19453374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453374" title="List of awards and nominations received by David Bowie">
List of awards and nominations received by David Bowie

David Bowie (born David Robert Jones) is a British musician and actor. He began his singing career under the name David Bowie in 1966 and won his first award in 1969, when he won an Ivor Novello Award for the song "Space Oddity". Bowie's first hit album was "Hunky Dory" in 1971 which reached number three in the UK Albums Chart. Despite his next eleven studio albums all making the UK Top 10—including four number one albums—he did not receive any more music awards or nominations until the early 1980s. He has since won eleven awards for his music, including: two BRIT Awards—Best British Male Solo Artist at the 1984 BRIT Awards and an Outstanding Contribution Award at the 1996 BRIT Awards; two Grammy Awards—Best Video, Short Form for the "David Bowie" video at the 1985 Grammy Awards and a Lifetime Achievement Award at the 2006 Grammy Awards; and three MTV Video Music Awards—Best Male Video for "China Girl" and a Video Vanguard Award at the 1984 MTV Video Music Awards, and Best Overall Performance in a Video for "Dancing in the Street" at the 1986 MTV Video Music Awards.
Bowie began his acting career in the 1967 short film "The Image". His first leading role was in the 1976 science fiction film "The Man Who Fell to Earth", a role for which he won a Saturn Award for Best Actor at the 1976 Saturn Awards. He has also had an innovative presence on the Internet which led to his being awarded a lifetime achievement Webby Award in 2007 for "pushing the boundaries of art and technology with his digital empire". He has won 14 awards from 52 nominations.
American Music Awards.
The American Music Awards are awarded for outstanding achievements in the record industry. Bowie has received one nomination.
BAFTA Television Awards.
The BAFTA Television Awards are awarded by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts. Bowie has received one nomination.
BRIT Awards.
The BRIT Awards are the British Phonographic Industry's annual pop music awards. Bowie has two wins from eight nominations. In addition he received the Outstanding Contribution to Music in 1996.
Daytime Emmy Awards.
The Daytime Emmy Awards are awarded by the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences in the United States. Bowie has won one award from one nomination.
Golden Globe Awards.
The Golden Globe Awards are awarded by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association in the United States. Bowie has received one nomination.
GQ Awards.
The GQ Awards is an annual awards ceremony founded by the men's magazine "GQ". Bowie has received one award from one nomination.
Grammy Awards.
The Grammy Awards are awarded annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences in the United States for outstanding achievements in the record industry. Bowie has won one competitive award from eight nominations. In addition, he received the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award in 2006.
Ivor Novello Awards.
The Ivor Novello Awards are awarded annually by the British Academy of Composers and Songwriters to honour songwriting and composing. Bowie has won one award from one nomination.
Mercury Prize.
The Mercury Prize is awarded by the British Phonographic Industry and the British Association of Record Dealers for the best album from the United Kingdom or Ireland. Bowie has received two nominations.
Other awards.
Bowie was inducted to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1996. In 1999, Bowie was made a Commander of the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres and he received an honorary doctorate from Berklee College of Music. He has been reported to have declined the British honour Commander of the British Empire in 2000, and a knighthood in 2003.
Bowie was inducted by the Science Fiction and Fantasy Hall of Fame in June 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19453378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453378" title="Amjad Ali (cricketer)">
Amjad Ali (cricketer)

Amjad Ali Chaudhry (born 25 September 1979) is a United Arab Emirates cricketer. A left-handed batsman, right-arm medium pace bowler and wicket-keeper, he made his One Day International (ODI) debut for the United Arab Emirates national cricket team in 2008. He previously played first-class cricket for Lahore Blues in Pakistan, and has also played first-class cricket for the UAE in the ICC Intercontinental Cup.
Biography.
Born in Lahore in 1979, first played for the Lahore Blues in the Quaid-e-Azam Trophy in 2002. He played twice that season, and once more in 2003, ending his first-class career in Pakistan, though he did play in a minor tournament for Lahore East Zone Blues later in 2003.
He first played for the UAE in an 2007–08 ICC Intercontinental Cup match against Namibia in January 2008, and has gone on to play three more matches in that tournament. He played two ODIs for his adopted country in the 2008 Asia Cup and most recently represented them in the 2008 ACC Trophy Elite tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="19453385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453385" title="Johann Otto Hoch">
Johann Otto Hoch

Johann Otto Hoch (also known as The Bluebeard Murderer) (1862–1906) is the most famous and last-used alias of a German-born murderer and bigamist, John Schmidt. He was found guilty of the murder of one wife but is thought to have killed 50 more. He was hanged.
Early life.
Hoch was born John Schmidt in 1855, at Horweiler, Germany. He immigrated to the United States as a young man in the 1890s and dropped his surname in favor of assorted pseudonyms where he began to marry a string of women, frequently taking the name of his most recent victim. He would swindle all their money and either leave them or kill them with arsenic and then begin his pattern all over again. Chicago police would dub him "Americas greatest mass murderer," but statistics remain vague in this puzzling case. We know that Hoch bigamously married at least 55 women between 1890 and 1905, bilking all of them for cash and slaying many, but the final number of murder victims is a matter of conjecture. Sensational reports credit Hoch with 25 to 50 murders, but police were only certain of 15, and in the end he went to trial (and to the gallows) for a single homicide. Hoch's first and only legal wife was Christine Ramb, who bore him three children before he deserted her in 1887.
Murders.
By February 1895, as "Jacob Huff," he had surfaced in Wheeling, West Virginia, where he won the heart and hand of Caroline Hoch, a middle-aged widow. They were married in April, and Caroline fell gravely ill three months later. Called to her beside, Rev. Hermann Haas watched "Huff" administer a potion that Haas believed to be poison, but the minister took no action and Caroline died days later in agony. "Huff" cleaned out her $900 bank account, sold their house, collected $2500 in life insurance benefits—and vanished. Suicide was suspected, with his clothing, his watch, and note found on the bank of the Ohio River, but no body was ever recovered. Hoch kept his latest victim's surname—described by prosecutors as "a warped keepsake stored in an evil mind"—and moved on to Chicago, finding work in the meat-packing plants when he was not engaged with the business of swindling people. He spent a year in jail for defrauding a used-furniture dealer. Police Inspector George Shippy also suspected Hoch of bigamy, and murder was added to the list upon receipt of a letter from the Rev. Hass in West Virginia. Shippy started digging into Hoch's background, turning up reports of dozens of missing or deserted women from San Francisco to New York City, but solid evidence remained elusive. In Wheeling, Caroline Hoch was exhumed in a search for arsenic traces, but surgeons found the body gutted, all her vital organs missing. Hoch was released at the end of his jail term, chalking up another 15 wives before his ultimate arrest in 1905. Aware that Shippy and others were charting his movements, Hoch killed more often and more swiftly while swindling women. Selecting his victims from newspaper "lonely heart" columns, Hoch went merrily about his business by relying on primitive embalming fluids with their high arsenic content to cover any traces of poison in his victims. On December 5, 1904, he married Marie Walcker in Chicago, killing her at once. Wasting no time, Hoch proposed to his sister-in-law on the night of Marie's death, and they were married six days after the hasty funeral. Amelia Hoch bestowed a gift of $750 on her husband, prompting him to vanish with the cash, and she immediately summoned the police. Modern science was Hoch's downfall. His late wife's mortician employed a new embalming fluid with no taint of arsenic. Medical examiners found poison in Marie Walcker's system and Hoch was charged with her murder, his picture mailed to every major American newspaper. In New York City, a middle-aged landlady recognized "Henry Bartels," a new tenant who had proposed marriage to her 20 minutes after renting a room. At his arrest, police seized a revolver, several wedding rings with their inscriptions filed off, and a fountain pen filled with arsenic—which Hoch claimed was intended for himself, a foiled attempt at suicide. A Chicago journalist dubbed Hoch the "Stockyard Bluebeard," trumpeting the speculative details of his criminal career. At the trial he whistled, hummed, and twirled his thumbs throughout the prosecution's case, apparently well-pleased with his position in the limelight. On conviction of Marie Walcker's murder, he was sentenced to hang, telling the court, "it's all over with Johann. It serves me right." Mounting the gallows on February 23, 1906, Hoch reverted to a claim of innocence, declaring "I am done with this world. I have done with everybody." As the trap was sprung, a local newsman quipped, "Mr. Hoch, but the question remains: What have you done with everybody?" Part of the solution was unearthed in 1935 when human bones were found inside the wall of a Chicago house once occupied by Hoch. It was a meager bit of evidence, the victim unidentified, and Johann's body count, the names and number of his murdered wives, will probably remain a mystery forever.
Timeline of swindles/killings.
A turn of the century account partially reports on many of Hoch's victims, except where noted:
Other reported victims.
In addition to the above, it is alleged that Hoch was involved with a Mrs. John Hicks of Wheeling WV {died}; Mrs. Emma Rencke of Chicago; Mrs. Palinka of Batavia Ill; a Mrs. Fink of Aurora; Natalie Irgang; Hulda Stevens; Schwatzman of Milwaukee; and a Justina Loeffler of Elkhart Indiana who "disappeared" in Chicago in 1903. Allegedly Hoch married twice in Cincinnati, Ohio under alias of "Henry Bartel" and "Fred Doess";

</doc>
<doc id="19453389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453389" title="Barrie Kosky">
Barrie Kosky

Barrie Kosky (born 1967) is an Australian theatre and opera director.
Biography.
Barrie Kosky was born in Melbourne, the grandson of Jewish emigrants from Europe. He attended Melbourne Grammar School where he performed in Brecht's play "The Resistible Rise of Arturo Ui" in 1981 and later directed his first play. Among many other later famous Australian artists, he also worked at the St Martins Youth Arts Centre. In 1985, he then began studies in Piano and Music History at the University of Melbourne.
Career.
In 1989 Kosky directed the Australian premiere of Michael Tippett's "The Knot Garden" (reduced version) at the Melbourne Spoleto Festival. In 1990 he formed the Gilgul Theatre which staged "The Exile Trilogy" in 1993 ("The Dybbuk", "Es brennt", "Levad") at the Belvoir St Theatre; Kosky was artistic director of the Gilgul Theatre until 1997. Other notable productions with the Gilgul Theatre were "The Wilderness Room" and a stage adaptation of "The Operated Jew".
For the Victorian State Opera he directed in 1991 "The Marriage of Figaro" and "The Barber of Seville". In 1993 he directed the season premiere of Larry Sitsky's opera "The Golem" for Opera Australia which was also released on ABC Classics. Also in 1993 he directed Goethe's Faust I and II for the Melbourne Theatre Company, and Stravinsky's "Oedipus Rex" for Opera Queensland.
In 1996 he directed "Nabucco" (recorded on DVD by ABC Television.) and "The Flying Dutchman" for Opera Australia, a work which he revisited in 2006 at the Aalto-Musiktheater in Essen, Germany. Also in 1996, Kosky was appointed director of the Adelaide Festival of Arts, at 29 years the youngest person ever appointed to that position. Following that appointment, the 50-minute documentary "Kosky In Paradise" examined his ideas and creative motivations.
In 1997 he directed Molière's "Tartuffe" in Christopher Hampton's translation at the Sydney Theatre Company (STC). In 1998 he directed "Mourning Becomes Electra" for the STC, and "King Lear" for the Bell Shakespeare company's touring production. In 1999 Kosky directed Alban Berg's "Wozzeck" for the Sydney Opera House. In 2000, Kosky directed Ted Hughes' adaption of Seneca's Oedipus at the Sydney Theatre Company.
From 2001 to 2005 Kosky was co-director of the Schauspielhaus Wien in Vienna. There he directed Euripides' "Medea" with the Australian actress Melita Jurisic; the production was nominated for the Nestroy-Theaterpreis (Nestroy Theatre Prize). He also directed there "Poppea", in which he combined Monteverdi's music with songs by Cole Porter,"The Tales of Hoffmann", "Macbeth" in an all-female version, and "Boulevard Delirium" with Paul Capsis which toured around the world for several seasons, including Australia where it won a 2006 Helpmann Award. His staging of Monteverdi's "L'Orfeo" at the "Innsbrucker Festwochen für Alte Musik" under the musical direction of René Jacobs was also shown at the Berlin Staatsoper Unter den Linden; that production was broadcast on German TV by RBB/arte. Also in 2005, Kosky directed Wagner's "Lohengrin" for the Vienna State Opera.
In 2006 he directed Tom Wright's eight-hour play "The Lost Echo" –based on Ovid's Metamorphoses and Euripides' "The Bacchae"– for the Actors Company at the STC; the play won five Helpmann Awards. In the same year, Kosky directed in Germany "The Flying Dutchman" at the Aalto-Musiktheater in Essen and Britten's "Midsummer Night's Dream" at the Theater Bremen.
In 2007 Kosky presented his Vienna production of Monteverdi's "L'incoronazione di Poppea" at the 2007 Edinburgh Festival. In that year, he also directed Peter Grimes for the Staatsoper Hannover, and "Tristan und Isolde" for the Aalto-Musiktheater in Essen which received a nomination for the Faust Award.
In January 2008, he directed at the same house "Rise and Fall of the City of Mahagonny". In April 2008 Kosky was participant in the "Towards a Creative Australia" stream at the Australia 2020 Summit. In July 2008 he directed the premiere of Liza Lim's opera "The Navigator" at the Judith Wright Centre of Contemporary Arts as part of the Brisbane Festival 2008, a work which Lim had developed during her stay in Berlin; Kosky had also directed her earlier opera "The Oresteia" (1993). "The Navigator" was also presented as part of the Melbourne International Arts Festival. In September 2008 Kosky directed Euripides' "The Women of Troy" with Melita Jurisic and Robyn Nevin in an adaptation by himself and Tom Wright at the Sydney Theatre Company. In August 2008 Melbourne University Publishing published an essay by Kosky, "On Ecstasy" (ISBN 978-0-522-85534-0). In October 2008, Kosky presented his stage adaption of the Edgar Allan Poe short story "The Tell-Tale Heart" at the Melbourne International Arts Festival. In 2009 Kosky directed Janáček's "From the House of the Dead" at the Staatsoper Hannover, a production that won the Faust Award. In the same year he started his Ring Cycle in Hannover, which was finished in June 2011. In 2010 he directed Richard Strauss' "Die schweigsame Frau" at the Opera festival of the Bavarian State Opera in Munich. Later in the same year he presented a double bill production of Purcell's "Dido and Aeneas" and Bartók's "Bluebeard's Castle" at the Oper Frankfurt.
Following several productions in the past at the Komische Oper Berlin, including "Le Grand Macabre" (2003), "The Marriage of Figaro" (2005), Gluck's "Iphigénie en Tauride" and "Kiss Me, Kate" (2007) (broadcast on German TV 3sat in 2008), "Rigoletto" (2009) and "Rusalka" (2011), Kosky has been appointed Chief Director at the Komische Oper commencing in the 2012/2013 season.
Upcoming productions are "Castor and Pollux" at the English National Opera, London, and "The Merchant of Venice" at the Schauspiel Frankfurt.

</doc>
<doc id="19453392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453392" title="Egenera">
Egenera

Egenera, Inc. is a multinational cloud management and data center infrastructure automation company with corporate headquarters in Boxborough, Massachusetts in the United States. Egenera develops and sells software that enables enterprises and service providers to virtualize their computing infrastructure and create highly available private, hybrid or public cloud services. Egenera also provides consulting and training services related to its products and technologies. Egenera is a privately held company with approximately 110 employees. Founded in March 2000, the company was named by Network World as one of the top 10 startups to watch in 2002 and was a winner in the annual "Red Herring 100 North America" award given by Red Herring magazine in 2006. 
Egenera maintains overseas headquarters in the United Kingdom, Japan and Hong Kong.
History.
Egenera was founded by Vern Brownell in March 2000. Prior to Egenera, he spent 11 years as chief technology officer for the financial firm Goldman Sachs Group in New York. Under Mr. Brownell's leadership, Egenera pioneered the Processing Area Network (PAN) which is designed to virtualize and interconnect computing, storage and network resources, creating shared pools that can be centrally managed. Mr. Brownell conceived of the idea for PAN based on his experiences with growing data center complexity at Goldman Sachs. 
The company launched its first product, the Egenera BladeFrame, in October, 2001. BladeFrame is a combination of bladed servers, fabric backplane, firmware and management software. 
In October, 2006, Egenera announced its plan to create a separate line of business in order to make its virtualization management software, called PAN Manager, available under OEM agreement to other server vendors. 
In December, 2012, Egenera acquired Fort Technologies who was a developer of cloud management software. That software was integrated with Egenera PAN Manager and PAN Domain Manager and became PAN Cloud Director. The three products combined are the Egenera Cloud Suite. 
Egenera has received numerous patents for its technology, including the Processing Area Network, N+1 disaster recovery and virtualized server failover technology.
Technology and products.
Egenera Cloud Suite.
The Egenera Cloud Suite combines PAN Cloud Director, PAN Manager and PAN Domain Manager. The software is a complete cloud management platform designed to enable enterprises and service providers to design, deploy, manage and protect IT as a cloud service.
PAN Cloud Director.
PAN Cloud Director software enables users to request and consume IT, and gives datacenter operators the ability to create user accounts, design IT solutions, track usage and arrange for billing and usage reporting. Cloud Director works by abstracting the IT infrastructure and presenting that infrastructure in a digital service catalog. This catalog contains all the components of the data center—physical servers, virtual servers, storage, switches, firewalls, hypervisors, operating systems, applications, back up services and more.
PAN Cloud Director is hypervisor-agnostic (supporting VMware, Microsoft Hyper-V, Xen and Red Hat KVM (Kernel-based Virtual Machine) and, in combination with PAN Manager, provides lifecycle management for both physical and virtual resources – enabling clouds consisting of a mix of both bare metal and virtual resources.
Users leverage the catalog and the associated design palette to drag, drop and connect all the components of the desired IT service. They can also configure their services with high availability and disaster recovery options. Once the design is complete, users can deploy their application solutions with one mouse click. 
Cloud Director capabilities also include usage tracking, billing, invoicing and customer support features to enable organizations to provide cloud services such as Infrastructure as a Service, Software as a Service, Desktop as a Service, Disaster Recovery as a Service and more.
PAN Manager.
PAN Manager is Egenera's management software for aggregating pools of compute, storage and network resources into a Processing Area Network (PAN) similar in architecture to unified computing systems. An XML-based specification, called an "abstract server definition", specifies a portable definition of system and application software along with associated PAN resource components such as network and storage addresses. The server definition capability allows IT administrators using PAN Manager to assign applications to any physical server or virtual server within the PAN for purposes of server provisioning, application availability and disaster recovery.
PAN Manager integrates XenEnterprise hypervisor software from XenSource into a service called PAN vmBuilder (formerly vBlade). vmBuilder provides the capability to automatically install and configure a hypervisor instance on any server within the PAN.
PAN Manager's high-level capabilities include:
PAN Manager is independent of server form factor and works with Egenera BladeFrame, servers from Egenera's OEM partners and blade systems from HP, Dell, NEC, Fujitsu and IBM.
Bladeframe.
BladeFrame is a hardware product that combines bladed servers together with storage and network virtualization technology in a single package. A BladeFrame consists of a chassis, backplane, specialty blades, and multiple bladed servers. 
Each server, called a "pBlade", contains one or more Intel or AMD processors. pBlades are considered stateless because they are composed only of processors and memory, and do not contain disk drives, direct interfaces to external devices, or other elements that associate the server with a specific identity. 
Specialty blades include a Switch Blade (sBlade) that implements networking protocols among the pBlades and a Control Blade (cBlade) that manages the BladeFrame and connects the BladeFrame to external storage and data networks. Communication among the blades takes place over a redundant, high-performance backplane fabric with up to 10 Gigabits-per-second throughput. All system and application software is loaded onto the server blades from an attached storage area network (SAN).
The BladeFrame EX supports up to 24 server blades per chassis and the BladeFrame ES supports up to six blades per chassis.
OEM partners.
As of 2013, Egenera has OEM agreements with the following vendors:

</doc>
<doc id="19453403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453403" title="Tian Yue">
Tian Yue

Tian Yue (田悅) (751 – March 26, 784), formally the Prince of Jiyang (濟陽王), was a general of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty who, from 782 to 784, claimed the title of Prince of Wei independent from the Tang regime. Prior to that, he had already been ruling Weibo Circuit (魏博, headquartered in modern Handan, Hebei) in "de facto" independence from the Tang imperial government as its military governor ("Jiedushi"), having succeeded his uncle Tian Chengsi in 779. In 784, his cousin Tian Xu — a son of Tian Chengsi's — assassinated him and succeeded him shortly after he had nominally resubmitted to Tang imperial authority.
Background.
Tian Yue was born in 751, during the reign of Emperor Xuanzong. His father died early, and his mother remarried a soldier from Pinglu Circuit (平盧, then headquartered in modern Chaoyang, Liaoning). Subsequently, as the army that his stepfather belonged to abandoned the lands of Pinglu Circuit during the Anshi Rebellion and retreated south to Ziqing Circuit (淄青, headquartered in modern Weifang, Shandong, later renamed Pinglu as a result of this retreat), it was said that Tian Yue, accompanying his mother, moved between different places within Ziqing. In 763, his uncle Tian Chengsi, then the military governor ("Jiedushi") of Weibo Circuit and ruling Weibo "de facto" dependently from the Tang imperial regime in the aftermaths of the Anshi Rebellion, sent people to look for him and found him. Tian Chengsi's emissaries brought Tian Yue back to Weibo. When Tian Yue met Tian Chengsi, he properly bowed down to his uncle, causing Tian Chengsi to be amazed and impressed. Tian Chengsi thus entrusted him with command of forces, and it was said that his opinions often matched Tian Chengsi's. After he was grown, it was said that he acted righteously and did not care about wealth, spending it in helping his soldiers, and thus drew their support. Tian Chengsi also favored his talent. Despite the fact that Tian Chengsi had 11 sons, he thus entrusted the most important affairs to Tian Yue, and had his sons assist Tian Yue.
Service under Tian Chengsi.
By 775, when Emperor Xuanzong's grandson Emperor Daizong waged a campaign to remove Tian Chengsi, indeed, Tian Yue, as Tian Chengsi's chief assistant, was named in Emperor Daizong's edict as the only other person than Tian Chengsi who would not be allowed to keep his posts — as Emperor Daizong stated that even the other Tian clan members, if they abandoned Tian Chengsi, would be allowed to do so. During the campaign, however, as part of Weibo's initial losses, Tian Yue suffered a defeat by several generals attacking Weibo from the south — Li Zhengji the military governor of Pinglu Circuit and Li Zhongchen the military governor of Huaixi Circuit (淮西, headquartered in modern Zhumadian, Henan) — at Chenliu (陳留, in modern Kaifeng, Henan). Subsequently, though, Tian Chengsi was able to exploit the ambitions of Li Zhengji and Li Baochen — themselves military governors who ruled their realms in "de facto" independent — to lead to the collapse of the imperial coalition, causing Emperor Daizong to abandon the campaign.
In 776, after the death of Tian Shenyu (田神玉) the acting military governor of Biansong Circuit (汴宋, headquartered in modern Kaifeng), his subordinate Li Lingyao (李靈曜) seized the circuit without imperial approval. Under Emperor Daizong's orders, the circuits around Biansong all launched forces against Li Lingyao, except for Weibo — indeed, Tian Chengsi decided to aid Li Lingyao and sent Tian Yue with an army to do so. Tian Yue had initial successes, defeating the forces of Li Zhengji's Pinglu Circuit and Li Mian's Yongping Circuit (永平, headquartered in modern Anyang, Henan), enabling him to advance to Biansong's capital Bian Prefecture to try to lift the siege against Li Lingyao. However, once he arrived there, Li Zhongchen had his office Li Chongqian (李重倩) launch a surprise night attack against Tian Yue's forces, causing the Weibo relief force to collapse, and Tian Yue was forced to flee back to Weibo. Subsequently, Bian Prefecture fell to Li Zhongchen and Ma Sui, and Li Lingyao was captured in flight by Li Mian and executed.
As "Jiedushi".
In 779, Tian Chengsi died. At the recommendation of Li Baochen, Emperor Daizong allowed Tian Yue to inherit his post — initially as acting military governor, and then officially as military governor. Contrary to Tian Chengsi's defiant stance against the imperial government, Tian Yue was initially, on the surface, respectful and submissive, although he continued to rule his realm in a "de facto" independent manner. This continued after Emperor Daizong died later in 779 and was succeeded by his son Emperor Dezong, who took a harder line against military governors who had ambitions to rule independently. In 780, for example, when Emperor Dezong sent 11 officials as surveyors of the Tang realm, one of the surveyors Hong Jingguan (洪經綸) was responsible for surveying the Hebei region (河北, i.e., roughly modern Hebei, Beijing, and Tianjin). When Hong visited Weibo and heard that Weibo had 70,000 troops, he issued an order that Weibo reduce its army by 40,000. Tian Yue pretended to follow his orders and also issued an order cutting 40,000 soldiers from his army and sending them to farm. He then summoned those soldiers to be cut and stated to them, "You have long been in the army, and you all have parents, wives, and children. Now, if the surveyor forces you to leave the army, how are you going to feed your families?" Tian then spent his own wealth to pay for these soldiers and kept the 40,000 in the army. It was said that thereafter, the army were grateful to Tian and resentful of the imperial government. Nevertheless, pursuant to the customs of Emperor Daizong's time, when Emperor Dezong celebrated his birthday in summer 780, both Tian and Li Zhengji offered a large amount of silk to Emperor Dezong as a birthday gift. Emperor Dezong, instead of receiving them into the palace storage as his father would have, had the silk turned over to the imperial treasury for state use and announced that those were used to satisfy Weibo's and Pinglu's taxes — implicitly informing Tian and Li Zhengji that he was dissatisfied that Weibo and Pinglu were not paying taxes.
In spring 781, Li Baochen died. As there was an alliance between Weibo, Pinglu, Li Baochen's Chengde Circuit (成德, headquartered in modern Shijiazhuang, Hebei), and Liang Chongyi's Shannan East Circuit (山南東道, headquartered in modern Xiangfan, Hubei) for the military governors to pass their positions to their descendants, Li Baochen had previously supported Tian's succession. Tian thus in turn endorsed Li Baochen's son Li Weiyue to Emperor Dezong and requested that Li Weiyue be allowed to succeed Li Baochen. After Emperor Dezong refused, the four circuits readied for war against the imperial government, despite internal oppositions. In Tian's case, for example, his deputy Tian Tingjie (田庭玠, Tian Chengsi's cousin) opposed war against the imperial troops, but while Tian Yue remained respectful to Tian Tingjie, he did not follow Tian Tingjie's suggestion. Tian Tingjie subsequently resigned and soon thereafter died in sorrow. Tian Yue subsequently sent 5,000 soldiers, commanded by his officer Meng You (孟祐), to Chengde to aid Li Weiyue. Meanwhile, Tian Yue also personally decided to attack two prefectures near his realm held by the imperial government — Xing (邢州, in modern Xingtai, Hebei) and Ci (磁州, in modern Handan). (Xing and Ci Prefectures had been part of Zhaoyi Circuit (昭義, then headquartered in modern Anyang, Henan)), the realm of another military governor, Xue Song, but after Xue's death in 773, Tian Chengsi seized most of Zhaoyi and merged it into Weibo, although the imperial government took Xing and Ci Prefectures and merged them into Zelu Circuit (澤潞, headquartered in modern Changzhi, Shanxi), later renaming Zelu to Zhaoyi.) Tian Yue personally sieged Linming (臨洺, in modern Handan) and had his officer Kang Yin (康愔) siege Xing Prefecture. He also had another officer, Yang Chaoguang (楊朝光) set up obstacles to try to block any relief forcing coming from Zhaoyi's headquarters at Lu Prefecture (潞州). (These series of sieges were against the advice of the experienced officer Xing Caojun (邢曹俊), who suggested to Tian Yue that he personally make sure first that relief forces could not get through before putting Xing and Ci Prefectures under siege; otherwise, if imperial troops arrived while he was still sieging those prefectures, he would be being destruction on himself.) In fall 781, with Tian Yue still sieging Linming, the joint forces of three generals loyal to the imperial government — Ma Sui the military governor of Hedong Circuit (河東, headquartered in modern Taiyuan, Shanxi, Li Baozhen the military governor of Zhaoyi, and Li Sheng the commander of the imperial Shence Army (神策軍) — arrived and attacked, first defeating and killing Yang and then defeating Tian at Linming. Tian's army suffered more than 10,000 deaths, and he fled back toward Weibo's capital Wei Prefecture. He sought emergency aid from Chengde and Pinglu, and Li Weiyue and Li Na (Li Zhengji's son — Li Zhengji having died around the same time and entrusted the circuit to Li Na) each sent aid. However, in spring 782, at another battle on the banks of Huan River (洹水, flowing through modern Handan), the joint Weibo/Chengde/Pinglu forces were again crushed by the joint forces of Ma, Li Baozhen, Li Sheng, and Li Qiu (李艽) the military governor of Heyang Circuit (河陽, headquartere in modern Luoyang, Henan), suffering over 20,000 deaths.
Tian gathered only some 1,000 soldiers and fled back to Wei Prefecture in the dark. It was said that Ma and Li Baozhen did not get along with each other, and they did not coordinate, making it impossible for them to immediately trail Tian. When Tian arrived at Wei Prefecture, the officer he left in Wei Prefecture's defense, Li Changchun (李長春), refused to let him in, hoping that imperial forces would arrive to allow him to submit. However, imperial forces did not appear, and Li Changchun was forced to open the gates in the morning. Tian entered, executed Li Changchun, and put up a defense. Weibo was then in a desperate shape — as within Wei Prefecture there were only several thousand soldiers, and the family members of the dead were all mourning, so the city was filled with wailing and tears. Tian, in fear and depression, decided to publicly plead his case in order to earn back the people's loyalty. He personally rode a horse and held a knife outside his headquarters and gathered the people. In tears, he stated:
As he proclaimed this in sadness, he fell off his horse. The soldiers, hearing this, took pity on him and pledged to stay faithful to him. He thanked them and swore to treat them as brothers. He took out all of the wealth stored in the circuit treasury and gave them to the soldiers, and the hearts of the soldiers became more settled. He also summoned Xing Caojun and put him in charge of the defense, realizing that he should have listened to Xing earlier. Meanwhile, though, his subordinate Li Zaichun (李在春) surrendered Bo Prefecture (博州, in modern Liaocheng, Shandong) to imperial forces, and his cousin Tian Ang (田昂) did the same with Ming Prefecture (洺州, in modern Handan). When the imperial forces arrived at Wei Prefecture, however, Tian Yue had already readied his defenses for more than 10 days, and imperial forces were unable to easily capture Wei Prefecture.
Meanwhile, Li Weiyue was himself suffering heavy defeats at the hands of Zhu Tao the acting military governor of Lulong Circuit (盧龍, headquartered in modern Beijing) and Zhang Xiaozhong — a former Chengde officer who had joined the imperial cause. He thus considered renouncing the alliance with Tian and Li Na and offering to surrender to the imperial forces. When Meng You heard this and reported it to Tian, Tian angrily demanded Li Weiyue to execute the staff member who advocated this plan, Shao Zhen (邵真). Li Weiyue, intimidated by Tian's demands, executed Shao and did not surrender. However, after yet another major defeat at Zhu's and Zhang's hands, Li Weiyue's officer Wang Wujun turned against him and executed him, submitting to the imperial forces.
It was Emperor Dezong's mishandling of the situation after Chengde's fall that would give Tian a chance to survive, as Emperor Dezong made a series of moves that simultaneously alienated Zhu and Wang. He refused to give Chengde's Shen Prefecture (深州, in modern Hengshui, Hebei) to Lulong, as Zhu had requested. Rather, he divided the seven prefectures of Chengde into three smaller circuits, making Zhang the military governor of a newly created Yidingcang Circuit (易定滄, headquartered in modern Baoding, Hebei, soon renamed to Yiwu (義武)), consisting of three prefectures, while giving two prefectures each to Wang and Kang Rizhi (康日知, another Chengde general who had submitted to imperial authority during the campaign), with the lesser titles of military prefect (團練使, "Tuanlianshi"). Emperor Dezong, on paper, gave Lulong two additional prefectures — De (德州, in modern Dezhou, Shandong) and Di (棣州, in modern Binzhou, Shandong) — both still then held by Li Na. Zhu was angered by Emperor Dezong's refusal to give him any part of Chengde territory (in particular, Shen Prefecture) and requiring him to capture two additional prefectures on his own, while Wang was angered that contrary to Emperor Dezong's implicit promises to give whomever killed Li Weiyue Li Weiyue's offices, he not only received a lesser title, but was in a position where he could easily be destroyed. Tian Yue, who was then still under imperial attack, thus persuaded Zhu and Wang to join him in an alliance to defend against imperial forces. Zhu and Wang both agreed, although when Zhu further tried to persuade Zhang to join the alliance as well, Zhang refused. Subsequently, when Emperor Dezong ordered armies of Lulong, Yidingcang, and Wang's Hengji Circuit (恆冀, headquartered at Chengde's old capital of Heng Prefecture) to advance south to attack Weibo, Zhu and Wang not only refused but instead advanced south to aid Weibo. Tian, believing that aid was about to arrive, sent Kang Yin to battle Ma and was defeated again. In response to Zhu's and Wang's turning against imperial forces, Emperor Dezong sent Li Huaiguang the military governor of Shuofang Circuit (朔方, headquartered in modern Yinchuan, Ningxia), to join the imperial forces already sieging Wei Prefecture. However, when aid from both sides arrived, the overly confident Li Huaiguang ordered an attack with some initial successes, but ultimately suffered a major defeat at Zhu's and Wang's hands. The imperial forces withdrew across the river from Wei Prefecture, lifting the siege.
In the aftermaths of the imperial forces' defeat, Tian was grateful to Zhu, and offered to subjugate himself and Wang to Zhu — in effect, offering the emperor title to Zhu. Zhu declined, crediting Wang rather than himself for the victory. At the suggestion of Zhu's staff member Li Ziqian (李子千) and Wang's staff member Zheng Ru (鄭濡), they decided to each claim a princely title to show independence from imperial authority, but keep Tang's era name in order not to completely break from Tang. On December 9, 782, in an elaborate ceremony, Zhu claimed the title of Prince of Ji; Wang claimed the title of Prince of Zhao; Tian claimed the title of Prince of Wei; and they issued a letter offering Li Na the title of Prince of Qi. They also established administrations with governmental structures paralleling the Tang imperial government to further show independence, although the titles were intentionally different than Tang's to show some subordination.
As self-proclaimed Prince of Wei.
Meanwhile, though, as Zhu Tao's and Wang Wujun's troops were continuing to battle Tang imperial troops on Tian Yue's soil, all three of them were becoming financially drained. They pinned their hopes on alliance with yet another military governor with greater pretensions -- Li Xilie the military governor of Huaixi Circuit (淮西, headquartered in modern Xuchang, Henan), whose circuit was then wealthy. They, along with Li Na, thus sent emissaries to Huaixi, suggesting to Li Xilie that he take imperial title. Li Xilie did not do so immediately, but began to claim titles greater than the ones bestowed him by Emperor Dezong. (Li Xilie would eventually declare himself to be the emperor of a new state of Chu in spring 784, although without further pledge of allegiance by the four.)
In fall 783, after a mutiny by the soldiers of Jingyuan Circuit (涇原, headquartered in modern Pingliang, Gansu) at the capital Chang'an forced Emperor Dezong to flee to Fengtian (奉天, in modern Xianyang, Shaanxi), the Jingyuan soldiers supported Zhu Tao's brother Zhu Ci as their leader. Zhu Ci soon declared himself the emperor of a new state of Qin and put Fengtian under siege. With Emperor Dezong himself now under siege by Zhu Ci, Li Huaiguang and Li Sheng headed for Fengtian to save him, while Ma Sui and Li Qiu also left Weibo and returned to their circuits. Li Baozhen was left alone on the Weibo front, and Tian asked Wang and Zhu Tao's general Ma Shi (馬寔) to aid him in sieging Linming, where Li Baozhen was at the time. Li Baozhen, however, was able to persuade Wang that such a battle would do him no good regardless of the outcome — that if they were successful, it only benefited Weibo, while it they were not, Hengji would suffer heavy losses. Wang therefore carefully declined and returned to Hengji. As both he and Ma Shi departed, Tian held a grand feast sending them off in gratitude. Meanwhile, Emperor Dezong also sent emissaries to Wang, Tian, and Li Na, persuading them to again submit to Tang authority. All three secretly agreed, but for the time being remained in apparent alliance with Zhu Tao. When Zhu Tao, unaware of the development, requested Tian's assistance in advancing south to capture the eastern capital Luoyang and join forces with Zhu Ci, Tian, still thankful to him and not willing to refuse, initially agreed. After further persuasion from Wang, however, Tian was resolved against the plan.
When Emperor Dezong declared a general pardon in spring 784 — the scope of which included even Zhu Tao, Wang, Tian, Li Na, and Li Xilie and implicitly promising them that if they submitted to nominal imperial authority again, he would not dare to interfere with them again — Wang, Tian, and Li Na all renounced their self-claimed princely titles. However, Zhu Tao, unaware of this development, began his plan of march toward Luoyang in early 784. He went through Hengji and Weibo with great ceremonies of welcome from Wang and Tian. Eventually, when Zhu reached Yongji (永濟, in modern Handan) and requested that Tian join him in advancing to Luoyang, Tian refused. This drew Zhu's anger, and he divided his troops, along with Huige troops, in attacking several different Weibo cities. Tian put up his defense at Wei Prefecture, waiting for aid.
Death.
Meanwhile, Emperor Dezong had sent the imperial official Kong Chaofu (孔巢父) to Weibo to meet with Tian Yue, to thank him for his allegiance and to encourage the troops. He also created Tian the Prince of Jiyang. Meanwhile, though, on March 26, 784, while Kong was still at Weibo, Tian Yue's cousin Tian Xu (Tian Chengsi's son), whom Tian Yue had previously entrusted with great responsibilities but who had a number of faults, eventually leading to Tian Yue relieving him of his post and briefly putting him under arrest, was complaining to his brothers and nephews about Tian Yue, while he was drunk. When the nephew tried to stop his complaints, he killed his nephew. After he became sober, he realized what he had done, and worried that Tian Yue would kill him when he found out. He therefore took his followers, went to Tian Yue's headquarters, and killed Tian Yue, Tian Yue's mother, wife, and children. He then, issuing orders in Tian Yue's name, summoned Tian Yue's staff members Hu E (扈崿), Xu Shize (許士則), and Jiang Ji (蔣濟). When they arrived, Tian Xu killed them as well. He then declared that it was another officer, Liu Zhongxin (劉忠信), who had assassinated Tian Yue, and took over control of the circuit. (The soldiers found out a few days later that it was actually Tian Xu who carried out the assassination, but by that point Tian Xu was firmly in control.) Tian Xu and Zhu Tao initially made overtures to each other, although Tian Xu ultimately continued Tian Yue's policies and alliances with Li Baozhen and Ma Sui, leading to Zhu Tao's defeat.

</doc>
<doc id="19453423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453423" title="Arthur Willis">
Arthur Willis

Arthur Willis (born 2 February 1920 in Denaby, Conisbrough, Yorkshire, – died 7 November 1987) was a professional footballer who played for Tottenham Hotspur, Swansea City, Haverfordwest and England.
Football career.
Willis joined Spurs from Finchley F.C. in January 1944. He was a principal player in the push and run Championship winning side of 1950-51 when he featured in 39 games. Playing a total of 160 times and scoring one goal in all competitions for the club between 1946–54 in the position of full back. Willis left Spurs in September 1954 in a transfer deal which took him to Swansea Town where he went on to make 96 appearances. He finished his career as player–manager for Haverfordwest County AFC.
England career.
Willis played once for the national team in 1951 against France.
Honours.
Tottenham Hotspur
Football League First Division Winners: 1950–51

</doc>
<doc id="19453429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453429" title="High Sheriff of Clare">
High Sheriff of Clare

The High Sheriff of Clare was a High Sheriff title. Records show that the title was in existence from at least the late 16th century, though it is not used today in the modern Republic of Ireland. The title existed within County Clare in the west of Ireland during the time of the Kingdom of Ireland and then as part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.
The office was a position with some significant power, the sheriffs were responsible for the maintenance of law and order and various other roles. Some of its powers were relinquished in 1831 as the Lord Lieutenant of Clare was instated to deal with military duties. It was only in 1908 under Edward VII of the United Kingdom that the Lord Lieutenant position became more senior than the High Sheriff. Its previous roles were later taken up also by the High Court judges, magistrates, coroners, local authorities and the police.
In Clare the office of High Sheriff was established when Connacht was shired around 1569 and ceased to exist with the establishment of the Irish Free State in 1922.

</doc>
<doc id="19453440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453440" title="Hagdale Chromate Railway">
Hagdale Chromate Railway

The Hagdale Chromate Railway was a Two foot six inch gauge railways narrow gauge railway on the Isle of Unst, in the Shetland Islands, and connected the chromite quarries at Hagdale with a pier at Baltasound.

</doc>
<doc id="19453472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453472" title="2008 Morgan State Bears football team">
2008 Morgan State Bears football team

The 2008 Morgan State Bears football team played American football on behalf of the Morgan State University. The Bears were members of the NCAA Division I-AA as a member of the Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference (MEAC). This was the 7th season under the guidance of head coach Donald Hill-Eley. The team finished the season at 6-6 (4-4 in the MEAC), losing its final three games of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="19453476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453476" title="Linda Carroll">
Linda Carroll

Linda Carroll (born 1944, San Francisco) is an American author and a marriage and family therapist.
She is the mother of singer and musician Courtney Love, and the daughter of author Paula Fox.
Linda was born to Paula Fox when she was 20,
the result of a one night stand.
However, given the tumultuous relationship with Paula's own biological parents, she gave the child up for adoption. Linda was adopted into an Italian Catholic family, and raised in Pacific Heights by Jack and Louella Risi. Linda took her surname after her friend Judy Carroll, after Judy's death.
Linda graduated from high school in 1961. She married writer and one time-Grateful Dead manager Hank Harrison in Reno, and gave birth to Courtney Love in 1964. Within years of Courtney's birth, both Carroll's adoptive parents died. Also, Carroll's three-month-old baby died of a heart defect.
She divorced Harrison in 1969, alleging that he had given Love LSD, and brought her daughter with her to Marcola, Oregon. She had two other daughters with the second husband, and settled on a hippie commune in Oregon. She divorced and married Frank Rodriguez.
After finishing her bachelors degree in Oregon in the 1970s, she moved to New Zealand. She returned to Oregon in the 1980s and received a masters in counseling, and began practicing as a therapist. In the nineties, she and her veterinarian husband, Tim Barraud, began to teach a couples course based on the Imago work of Harville Hendrix, the PAIRS training of Dr. Lori Gordon, and their own insights, study, and practices.
As an adult, Carroll found that her birth mother is the novelist Paula Fox (her grandmother was screenwriter Elsie Fox).
In 2006, her memoir "Her Mother's Daughter: A Memoir of the Mother I Never Knew and of My Daughter, Courtney Love", was published by Doubleday.
Carroll has not spoken to her daughter in years and remains estranged. Love's agent called the book a work of "vicious and greedy fiction", and said, "We find it astonishing that any mother should write such a book. This is especially true in the case of Ms Carroll, who abandoned her daughter when she was a seven-year-old and whom Ms Love thus barely knows at all."
In 2008, "Remember Who You Are" was published by Conari Press, and she is currently working on a book about relationships entitled "Love Cycles".

</doc>
<doc id="19453478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453478" title="Appomattoc">
Appomattoc

The Appomattoc (also spelled Appamatuck, Apamatic, and numerous other variants) were a historic tribe of Virginia Indians speaking an Algonquian language, and residing along the lower Appomattox River, in the area of what is now Petersburg, Colonial Heights, Chesterfield and Dinwiddie Counties in present-day southeast Virginia.
The Appomattoc were affiliated with the estimated 30 tribes of the Powhatan Confederacy, who controlled the area then known as Tenakomakah, present-day Tidewater Virginia. According to William Strachey, the Appomattoc were one of four subtribes within the original inheritance of Chief Powhatan, before he incorporated the other tribes into his Confederacy, and were said to be closely connected with the Powhatan royal line. 
History.
The Appomattoc first encountered English explorers on May 8, 1607, when a party led by Christopher Newport reached one of their villages at the mouth of the Appomattox River (it was shown as "Mattica" on the 1608 Tindall map). The English recorded that the foremost warrior among the Virginia Indians was bearing a bow and arrow in one hand, and a pipe with tobacco in the other, to signify the choice of war or peace. The English party soon settled some 30–40 miles downstream from there, on Jamestown Island. 
On May 26, Newport led a second party of 24 Englishmen to Mattica. They were welcomed with food and tobacco. He noted the village was surrounded by cornfields, which the Indians cultivated. A "weroansqua" (female chieftain), "Oppussoquionuske", led the village. Despite welcoming the English, some Appomattoc warriors took part in the sporadic raids on their fort until June 13, after which the paramount Chief Powhatan called a ceasefire. John Smith saw the "weroansqua" of Appomattoc again at "Werowocomoco" (the main residence of Chief Powhatan) during his capture in December 1607, where she was appointed to wash his hands; as well as on another expedition to Werowocomoco in February 1608, when Powhatan commanded her to serve him water, turkey and flatbread.
Desperate for corn, Smith and Ralph Waldo visited the Appomattoc village in late fall 1608, and bought corn in exchange for copper. Smith reported in this year that the tribe had 60 warriors (some historians estimated the total population might be 220 based on that.) Their larger village nearby on the north bank of Wighwhippoc Creek, now called Swift Creek, was ruled by the "weroance" "Coquonasum", brother of "Oppussoquionuske". 
Anglo-Native relations deteriorated in 1609, culminating in the First Anglo-Powhatan War by 1610. Around Christmas 1611, in reprisal for an Appomattoc ambush on the English a year before, Sir Thomas Dale seized Oppussoquionuske's village and the surrounding cultivated land. He renamed it "New Bermudas" (the settlement was incorporated in 1614 as the town of Bermuda Hundred). 
Following the resumption of hostilities in 1622, the colonists, led by Captain Nathaniel West, destroyed Coquonasum's village and drove off the residents in August 1623. The remnants of the tribe moved their settlement farther up Swift Creek, and slightly southward to Old Town Creek in present-day Colonial Heights, Virginia. Colonists attacked them again in 1627. 
In 1635 the Appomattoc were driven from the upper Swift Creek Valley by Captain Henry Fleet. He had spent four years with Indians at "Nacotchtank", the present site of Washington DC, and spoke Algonquian Powhatan fluently. Fleet built a small fort on the large hill overlooking the falls on the north bank. The site is now occupied by the campus of Virginia State University in Ettrick.
After the Powhatan Confederacy were finally defeated by the English during the second major Anglo-Powhatan War (1644–46), the Confederacy was dissolved, and all the subtribes, including the Appomattoc, individually became tributary to the King of England, rather than to the former Pamunkey Emperor. The Appomattoc by then were located mainly at "Ronhorak" (or "Rohowicke"; modern Rohoic Creek, running near the modern border between Petersburg and Dinwiddie) and "Matoks", on the opposite bank north of the Appomattox (now Randolph Farm at VSU). This was at the northern end of the "Occaneechi Trail", a long-used Native American trail that ran all the way to South Carolina. 
In 1645, the Virginia Colony built Fort Henry at the falls, a short distance east of "Ronhorak". Following the treaty of 1646, and until 1691, this fort marked the legal frontier of white settlement, which ran in a straight line from the "head of Yapin" (modern Franklin, Virginia) to the Monacan town on the James River (west of where Richmond is now). The Appomattoc and other southern Powhatan tribes (Weyanoke, Nansemond) were thus separated from the more northerly ones by a substantial enclave of English settlement. During all those years, Fort Henry was to be the only point in Virginia at which the Indians could be authorized to cross eastward into white territory, or whites westward into Indian territory. At first the Virginia Indians had to wear a badge made of striped cloth while in white territory to show they were authorized, or they could be murdered on the spot. In 1662, this law was changed to require them to display a copper badge, or else be subject to arrest. In the early 20th century, such a 17th-century copper badge, inscribed with "Appomattock", was excavated in eastern Dinwiddie County.
Fort Henry also served as a starting point for subsequent English westward exploration. In 1650, an Appomattoc guide called Pyancha took a party led by Abraham Wood beyond the headwaters of the river. In 1671, their "weroance" Perecuta led Thomas Batts and Robert Fallam on an expedition within the borders of present-day West Virginia. A 1669 census shows that the Appomattoc had 50 bowmen around this time, which means their total population may have been about 150. 
Although beyond the allowed treaty limits, Batts in 1674 patented land just west of "Matoks". Settlers destroyed the Appomattoc village during Bacon's Rebellion in 1676. The nearby Matoaca, Virginia was named after the native village. Perecuta and his tribe were excluded from the 1677 Treaty of Middle Plantation. He was among those who signed the 1680 addendum to the treaty. Wood patented land at "Ronhorak" in 1680, indicating some further retreat of the Appomattoc from their lands. 
Although the colony had prohibited Indian slavery by law, Nathaniel Bacon re-introduced the practice in 1676. It was violently opposed by the Indians and caused much suffering to the people. Tribes raided their enemies to sell captives as slaves to the English in Virginia and further north. But, the colonial legislature took 15 years until it abolished Indian slavery in 1691. 
As the Appomattoc population began to dwindle, the people were vulnerable to attack from traditional western enemy tribes. On April 24, 1691, the "weroansqua" who succeeded "Perecuta" petitioned the colony for permission for her people to live among the English for protection. In 1705, Robert Beverley, Jr. noted that the Appomattoc consisted of no more than seven families, living on the pasture of William Byrd II at Westover Plantation. This was the last known mention of them as a distinct tribe in historic records and they were estimated to be extinct by 1722. Their descendants likely assimilated into Virginia colonial society or merged with other tribes.
The names "Appomattox" and "Mattox" were sometimes applied to the "Matchotic", a Virginia Indian group made up of the "Onawmanient" and other remnant tribes of the Powhatan Confederacy, but located principally in the Northern Neck region between the Potomac and Rappahannock rivers. There were historic villages named Matchotic in Northumberland and King George's counties.

</doc>
<doc id="19453479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453479" title="HM Prison Canterbury">
HM Prison Canterbury

HMP Canterbury is a former prison located in Canterbury, Kent, England. The prison was operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
History.
The prison originated as a county gaol in 1808 and served as a Home Office archive during the First World War. After a time as a Naval Detention Centre during WW2, the prison reopened in 1946 as a local prison to serve the courts of Kent. In 2002 it became a category C training prison and in 2006 a foreign nationals prison.
In 2003 Canterbury Prison was highlighted by the Prison Reform Trust as being one of the most overcrowded prisons in the country, claiming that Canterbury was overpopulated 57%. Two years later the Howard League for Penal Reform criticised the prison for its high rates of suicides amongst inmates.
In 2007 Canterbury Prison was converted to hold only foreign national prisoners in the UK. This was to allow a centralisation of specialised immigration and language services for foreign prisoners, as well as to allow dedicated immigration officials to work on the deportation of as many inmates as possible (on completion of their sentence).
In 2008 the Princess Royal visited Canterbury as part of celebrations marking the 200th anniversary of the prison.
On 10th January 2013, the Ministry of Justice announced that Canterbury was one of six prisons that would close. The prison formally closed on 31st March 2013. The former prison site is due to be put up for sale in March 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="19453502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453502" title="Microsoft Certified Training Partner">
Microsoft Certified Training Partner

A Microsoft Certified Training Partner is an independent information technology training company (i.e. not owned by Microsoft that is officially approved by Microsoft to provide technical training and expertise for Microsoft products a part of the Microsoft Certified Partner Program (MCP). 
The content of the IT training courses provided by Microsoft Certified Training Partner companies are certified by Microsoft as regards the accuracy of the instruction given. To receive the certification, a Microsoft Certified Training Partner must demonstrate a broad range of expertise in Microsoft Products. Microsoft Certified Instructors are required to have real-world expertise in Microsoft products as well as hold current Microsoft IT Certifications.
Microsoft Certified Training Partner Levels.
Microsoft Certified Training Partner is the basic level of the Microsoft Certified Training Partner Program. These companies have paid a fee to become a Microsoft Certified Training Partner. These companies must pay to use Microsoft tools and support.
Microsoft Gold Certified Partner is the highest level of the Microsoft Certified Partner Program. These companies have free access to the tools and support they require from Microsoft.
http://www.microsoft.com/hk/certpartner/default.mspx

</doc>
<doc id="19453522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453522" title="2007–08 Liechtenstein Cup">
2007–08 Liechtenstein Cup

The Liechtenstein Football Cup is Liechtenstein's premier football competition, and has been organised annually by the Liechtenstein Football Association (LFV) since 1946. The winner qualifies to take part in the UEFA Europa League.

</doc>
<doc id="19453527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453527" title="Rappaport Center for Law and Public Service">
Rappaport Center for Law and Public Service

Rappaport Fellows.
The center was created in part for the purpose of "educating, supporting and mentoring students with an interest in public policy and public service." To this end, the center now manages the law student portion of the Rappaport Fellows program, which was created in 2000 to provide summer public interest fellowships to students from each of the six Boston-area law schools: Boston College Law School, Boston University Law School, Harvard Law School, New England School of Law, Northeastern University Law School, and Suffolk University Law School. Rappaport Fellows receive summer job placements that allow them to "work with top public policymakers and government officials on key issues that affect the citizens of Greater Boston and Massachusetts."
Public interest career development.
The center also provides career development information for students who wish to work in public interest law, including roles with non-profit organizations and government entities.
Public interest events.
Besides its student-oriented programs, the Rappaport Center also sponsors and organizes numerous public policy symposia, lectures, and other events designed to promote "engagement in public issues for faculty, students, government officials and policymakers." The center is located in Boston's downtown across the street from the Massachusetts State House on Beacon Hill. Past programs have addressed such topics as government secrecy, child welfare, civil rights, professional ethics, managing the bailout and public accountability after the age of newspapers. A February 2009 event brought together leading government representatives to discuss the management of the federal "bailout" of the financial sector.
The Center also holds periodic roundtables that provide a forum for open conversation on critical issues. The roundtables include a broad range of stakeholders and conversations are conducted on an off-the-record basis unless all panelists would prefer to hold an open discussion. Roundtables are held in the Law School's faculty boardroom from noon to 1:30pm, and are accompanied by a casual lunch. 
The first roundtable was held on October 3, 2008, and addressed the federal response to the financial crisis of 2007–2008. Speakers included Massachusetts Treasurer Timothy P. Cahill. The second roundtable on the state's budget crisis was hosted by the Center on January 30, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19453540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453540" title="List of New jack swing artists">
List of New jack swing artists

This List of New jack swing artists includes singers and bands from 1986 to 1997 who performed in the New jack swing style, a hybrid style popular from the late-1980s into the mid-1990s, which fuses the rhythms, samples and production techniques of hip hop and dance-pop music with the urban contemporary sound of R&B. The new jack swing style developed as many previous R&B styles did, by combining elements of older styles with newer trends. It uses mellifluously soulful solo or harmonizing vocals sung over rhythms and "street" beats derived from urban musical influences. The sound of new jack swing comes from the hip hop "swing" beats created by drum machine, and hardware samplers, which was popular during the golden age of hip hop, with contemporary R&B style singing. 
1986-1989.
Successful records to influence the rise of new jack swing by creating a fusion of R&B, rap, funk, disco and synthesized percussion.

</doc>
<doc id="19453544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453544" title="Tabun oven">
Tabun oven

A tabun oven, or simply, tabun (also transliterated taboon, from the ) is a clay oven, shaped like a truncated cone, with an opening at the bottom from which to stoke the fire. Built and used in pre-biblical and biblical times as the family, neighbourhood, or village oven, tabun ovens continue to be built and used in parts of the Middle East today. Nowadays some of the tabun ovens are also made out of metal.
Usage.
The taboon oven has historically been used to bake flatbreads such as taboon bread and laffa, and has been in widespread use among Arab and Jewish ethnic communities in the greater Middle East for centuries.
Fuel.
Many types of fuel or a combination of fuels can be used to heat a Tabun. Dried animal dung, dried bird droppings, chopped and dried tree branches or tree trimmings, wood chips, charcoal, dried tree leaves, fabrics, and other materials are potential fuels.
Firing.
The top opening is covered and a layer of fuel is spread on the outside of the shell and lid. Once the fire takes hold, the fuel is covered with a layer of ash. The fuel will smolder for hours, usually all night long. The smoke also helps in repelling insects and mosquitoes. In the process the heat gets stored in the foundation. The amount of fuel varies depending on the size of oven.
Baking.
When the smoke stops, the lid is removed and chunks of dough are hand flattened and placed directly on the lime stones. In most ovens, 4 to 5 loaves can be baked at the same time. Then the opening is sealed and the fire stoked using the hot ambers and ashes. When the bread is ready, the lid is removed and the bread taken out. The process can be repeated, or other dishes can be baked using metal or pottery trays. The bottom of the bread will take the shape of the pebbles or other materials used in constructing the oven floor. This baking process is unique and economical and produces aromatic and flavorful food.
Construction.
Shell.
Made of yellow pottery clay soil. The best is from Aaroub or Al Aaroub. The soil is wetted and made into a thick clay mixed with chopped wheat stem hay. The clay is hand-formed to make the dome-shaped shell. It is about 30 to 40" in diameter at its base, about 15 to 20" H with an open top, approximately 15" in diameter. The shell wall is about 1 to 2" thick. The shell is sun baked for weeks. 
Foundation.
About 4 to 5' in diameter and about 15 to 20" in depth. Usually filled with compacted locally abundant materials known to handle and store heat. broken glass, sand, rock salt, Suwan stones (very hard compact volcanic stones).
Lid.
Made of clay or a sheet metal piece large enough to cover the top opening. 
Process.
In a sheltered area, usually a clay hut or a cave, the foundation is dug in the ground filled and compacted. The shell is placed, wider side down, on top. A layer of clean smooth lime stone pebbles about 1" in diameter is spread on top of foundation inside the shell to form a clean baking surface.

</doc>
<doc id="19453546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453546" title="Cypress Cemetery">
Cypress Cemetery

Cypress Cemetery is an old cemetery in Old Saybrook, Connecticut which dates back to the early 18th century, and is still in use today.

</doc>
<doc id="19453556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453556" title="Canoeing at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Men's K-1 500 metres">
Canoeing at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Men's K-1 500 metres

The men's K-1 500 metres event was an individual kayaking event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1976 Summer Olympics program. This event made its debut at these games.
Results.
Heats.
The 18 competitors first raced in three heats on July 28. The top three finishers from each of the heats advanced directly to the semifinals while the rest competed in the repechages.
Repechages.
Taking place on July 28, the top three finishers from each repechage advanced to the semifinals.
Semifinals.
The top three finishers in each of the three semifinals (raced on July 30) advanced to the final.
Final.
The final was held on July 30. 

</doc>
<doc id="19453566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453566" title="Fahad Alhashmi">
Fahad Alhashmi

Fahad Afdhal Alhashmi (born 31 July 1982) is a United Arab Emirates cricketer. A right-handed batsman and right-arm fast-medium bowler, he has played for the United Arab Emirates national cricket team since 2005, and first played One Day International (ODI) cricket in 2008.
Biography.
Born in Dubai in 1982, Fahad Alhashmi first played for the UAE in the 2005 ICC Intercontinental Cup semi-final against Ireland. He played once against Namibia in 2006, once against Bermuda in 2007 and four matches in the tournament in 2008.
In March 2008, he played for the UAE in matches against English county sides Essex, Lancashire and Yorkshire. He made his ODI debut against Bangladesh in the 2008 Asia Cup and most recently represented his country in the 2008 ACC Trophy Elite tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="19453571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453571" title="Stephen Porges">
Stephen Porges

Stephen Porges is a Professor in the Department of Psychiatry and the Director of the Brain-Body Center in the College of Medicine at the University of Illinois at Chicago and holds appointments in the Departments of Psychology, BioEngineering, and Anatomy and Cell Biology. In 2012 Porges joined RTI International in North Carolina, while continuing to hold his professorship at Chicago. Prior to joining the faculty at the University of Illinois at Chicago, Dr. Porges served as Chair of the Department of Human Development and Director of the Institute for Child Study. He is a former President of the Society for Psychophysiological Research and has been President of the Federation of Behavioral, Psychological and Cognitive Sciences, a consortium of societies representing approximately 20,000 biobehavioral scientists. He was a recipient of a National Institute of Mental Health Research Scientist Development Award. He has chaired the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development, Maternal and Child Health Research Committee and was a visiting scientist in the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development Laboratory of Comparative Ethology. He was awarded a patent on a methodology to describe neural regulation of the heart. Porges is a neuroscientist with particular interests in understanding the neurobiology of social behavior. His research crosses disciplines and he has published in anesthesiology, critical care medicine, ergonomics, exercise physiology, gerontology, neurology, obstetrics, pediatrics, psychiatry, psychology, space medicine, and substance abuse. In 1994 he proposed the Polyvagal Theory, a theory that links the evolution of the autonomic nervous system to the emergence of social behavior. The theory provides insights into the mechanisms mediating symptoms observed in several behavioral, psychiatric, and physical disorders. The theory has stimulated research and treatments that emphasize the importance of physiological state and behavioral regulation in the expression of several psychiatric disorders including autism and provides a theoretical perspective to study and to treat stress and trauma.
Stephen Porges is married to C. Sue Carter, a world leader in the role of neuropetides oxytocin and vasopressin in social cognition. They have two sons, Eric and Seth Porges.
The Polyvagal Theory.
The Polyvagal Theory introduces a new perspective relating autonomic function to behavior that includes an appreciation of the autonomic nervous system as a "system," the identification of neural circuits involved in the regulation of autonomic state, and an interpretation of autonomic reactivity as adaptive within the context of the phylogeny of the vertebrate autonomic nervous system. The polyvagal perspective explores new questions, paradigms, explanations, and conclusions regarding the role that autonomic function has in the regulation of affective states and social behavior. Foremost, the polyvagal perspective emphasizes the importance of phylogenetic changes in the neural structures regulating the heart and how these phylogenetic shifts provide insights into the adaptive function of both physiology and behavior. The theory emphasizes the phylogenetic emergence of two vagal systems: a potentially lethal ancient circuit involved in defensive strategies of immobilization (e.g., fainting, dissociative states) and a newer mammalian circuit linking the heart to the face that is involved in both social engagement behaviors and in dampening reactivity of the sympathetic nervous system and the Hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis.
The Polyvagal Theory provides a new conceptualization of the autonomic nervous system that emphasizes how an understanding of neurophysiological mechanisms and phylogenetic shifts in the neural regulation of the heart leads to insights into causes and treatments of mental and physical illness. The Polyvagal Theory provides a plausible explanation of several features that are compromised during stress and observed in several psychiatric disorders.

</doc>
<doc id="19453583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453583" title="1997–98 Liechtenstein Cup">
1997–98 Liechtenstein Cup

The Liechtenstein Football Cup is Liechtenstein's premier football competition, and has been organised annually by the Liechtenstein Football Association (LFV) since 1946. The winner qualifies to take part in the UEFA Europa League.

</doc>
<doc id="19453588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453588" title="Asudem">
Asudem

Asudem is an American horror film written and directed by Daryush Shokof. Asudem is the reverse writing of medusa indicates a surreal story of a woman Yangzom Brauen in the woods, where she meets Satan experiencing a heavenly vision after consuming hallucinogenic mushrooms. The film is shot in black and white and entirely in Berlin, Germany in 2006.
Plot.
The film begins with a woman and her dog living in a destroyed train-station during a war we never see. The location, setting, and compositions of the film are similar with most other films by Daryush Shokof in which the location, situation or both is confined to one place with universal elements as if it could be any place on earth.
The woman confronts strange happenings throughout the film as the intensity of the incidents increase in danger until she finally meets Satan himself who wants to finish her off. She decides to poison Satan by feeding him wild mushrooms in the woods and in the hope that he would have heavenly visions to suffocate him to death.
Awards.
Asudem won the best horror-film Genre award at the New York International Film and Video Festival NYIIFVF in 2007 

</doc>
<doc id="19453589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453589" title="Bruce B. Henderson">
Bruce B. Henderson

Bruce Henderson, also known as Bruce B. Henderson, is an American journalist and the author of more than 20 nonfiction books, including numerous bestsellers. He is a member of the Authors Guild and American Society of Journalists and Authors, and has taught writing courses at USC School of Journalism and Stanford University. After service in the United States Navy during the Vietnam War and following college on the G.I. Bill, he worked as an investigative reporter for several newspapers, including the "Los Angeles Herald-Examiner", and as an associate editor at "New West" and "California Magazine". His writing has appeared in many other periodicals, such as "Smithsonian Magazine" ("Cook vs. Peary", April 2009), "Esquire", "Playboy" and "Reader's Digest". His true crime title, "And the Sea Will Tell", written with Charles Manson prosecutor Vincent Bugliosi, was a #1 "New York Times" hardcover bestseller and highly-rated CBS miniseries. "The book succeeds on all counts," reported the "Los Angeles Times". "The final pages are some of the most suspenseful in trial literature." 
Henderson co-authored the autobiography of vintners Ernest Gallo and Julio Gallo, as well as "Leap of Faith: An Astronaut's Journey into the Unknown", the memoirs of one of the original Mercury Seven astronauts, Gordon Cooper. Henderson's 2005 book, "True North: Peary, Cook, and The Race to the Pole", examined the ongoing controversy as to which explorer reached the North Pole first: Robert Peary in 1909 or Frederick Cook in 1908. "Publishers Weekly" commented: "This adventure yarn delivers as both a cautionary tale and a fitting memorial to polar exploration." In 2006, Henderson co-authored "", the autobiography of African-American theoretical physicist Ronald Mallett, which in addition to the United States has been published in the United Kingdom, China, Japan, Korea and Taiwan. 
Henderson's 2011 national bestseller, "Hero Found: The Greatest POW Escape of the Vietnam War", is the story of U.S. Navy pilot Dieter Dengler, who was shot down over Laos in January 1966 and escaped from a Pathet Lao POW camp six months later. Henderson and Dengler served together on the aircraft carrier USS Ranger (CVA-61) in 1965–66. 
Film Adaptations.
A highly-rated television miniseries adaptation of "And the Sea Will Tell" aired on CBS in 1991. Filmed in Vancouver, B.C., and Tahiti, it starred Rachel Ward, Richard Crenna, James Brolin and Hart Bochner. "Empire of Deceit: Inside the Biggest Sports and Bank Scandal in U.S. History", is in development for a feature film by Pelagius Films, producers of "Talk to Me" (2007).

</doc>
<doc id="19453591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453591" title="Daniel Williams (theologian)">
Daniel Williams (theologian)

The Rev Dr Daniel Williams (c.1643 – 26 January 1716) was a British benefactor, minister and theologian, within the Presbyterian tradition, i.e. a Christian outside the Church of England. He is known largely for the legacy he left which led to the creation of Dr Williams's Library, a centre for research on English Dissenters.
Early ministry.
Williams was born in Wrexham, Denbighshire, Wales, and was a cousin of Stephen Davies, minister at Banbury. He became a preacher by the age of nineteen: details of his education are unknown, though it was probably cut short by his refusing to conform to the state church, Anglicanism, when Charles II was restored to the throne.
He ministered in Ireland from 1664 to 1687. This posting was a result of his accepting an invitation from the Countess of Meath to be her chaplain. He was a regular preacher to Drogheda's joint Presbyterian–Independent congregation (1664–67) and then became Samuel Marsden's colleague at the congregation at Wood Street, Dublin (1667–87). He acted as a peacemaker amongst the Scottish Presbyterians, fiercely opposed Catholicism and helped to maintain the Presbyterians' union with the other Dissenting congregations in Ireland, as well as exorcising a house by prayer in 1678 (as recounted by Richard Baxter).
London.
On a new outbreak of the Troubles and after being abandoned by Gilbert Rule (a Scottish exile, and Williams' assistant since 1682), Williams left for London in September 1687. There he became an influential Dissenter, becoming friends with the leading ministers Richard Baxter and John Howe and twice being invited to preach before the Lord Mayor of London, the Independent Sir John Shorter. At a meeting at Howe's house in May 1688 as to the making an address of thanks to James II for his Declaration of Indulgence, Williams opposed any such address since (in his words) "it were better for Dissenters to be reduc'd to their former Hardships, than declare for Measures destructive of the Liberties of their Country" and likely to cause an open split with the Church of England. He refused to be convinced to return to Ireland by the Dublin congregation, and spent the rest of his career in London, where he advised William III on Irish matters.
Death and legacy.
Williams died in Hoxton, possibly from asthma, and he was buried in a vault at Bunhill Fields. He left almost his whole estate of £50,000 to charity. He left his books (7600 volumes) and money to establish a library, now known as the Dr Williams's Library, situated in Bloomsbury, London. In addition to its theological holdings, it contains collections of philosophy, history, literature, and other donated collections. The library is known to researchers of history and genealogy for its holdings of pre-19th century material relating to Protestant nonconformity in England.
He also left money to aid the foundation of seven charity schools in North Wales, and to provide scholarships to the University of Glasgow for candidates to the ministry in the Nonconformist church.
Marriages and issue.
Williams married Thomas Juxon's daughter Elizabeth in Ireland in 1675 - she died in 1698, and they had had no children. By his second wife Jane Guill (daughter of a refugee Huguenot merchant), whom he married in 1701, he had one son and two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="19453593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453593" title="Jesper Mathisen">
Jesper Mathisen

Jesper Mathisen (born 17 March 1987) is a Norwegian football player who currently plays for Start. Originally a striker, who reverted to being a defender. He has been on the first team since 2004, but only in the 2008 season has he been getting significant playing time, though as of September 2008 not yet scored any goals. He did better for youth specific national teams, and in 2005 scored four goals against Malta on the U-18 team.
Jesper Mathisen is the son of footballer Svein "Matta" Mathisen, who is often referred to as a legendary Start player.

</doc>
<doc id="19453600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453600" title="Revolution Arena">
Revolution Arena

The Revolution Arena is a 1,000 seat multi-purpose arena in Battle Creek, Michigan. It features an 85' x 200' sheet of ice for hockey, figure skating and open skating.
The arena is currently the home of a Junior A hockey team, the Battle Creek Jr. Revolution of the North American 3 Hockey League. A former tennant was a professional ice hockey team, the Battle Creek Revolution of the All American Hockey League.

</doc>
<doc id="19453607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453607" title="1998–99 Liechtenstein Cup">
1998–99 Liechtenstein Cup

The Liechtenstein Football Cup is Liechtenstein's premier football competition, and has been organised annually by the Liechtenstein Football Association (LFV) since 1946. The winner qualifies to take part in the UEFA Europa League.

</doc>
<doc id="19453613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453613" title="Suman filmography">
Suman filmography

This following is a not complete list of all the films Suman has acted in:</ef> http://kannadamoviesinfo.wordpress.com/2013/08/31/one-man-army-1998/</ref> Include other Kannada movies like Arjun, One man Army, JaCKEI CHAN, Billa Ranga.

</doc>
<doc id="19453681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453681" title="Morris Sullivan">
Morris Sullivan

Morris Francis Sullivan (December 8, 1916 – August 24, 2008) was an American businessman who co-founded the Sullivan Bluth Studios with three former Disney animators. Sullivan Bluth Studios employed approximately 400 people at the peak of its success. Under Sullivan's direction, the former animation studio created such films as "The Land Before Time" and "An American Tail".
Biography.
Early life.
Morris F. Sullivan was born in Seattle, Washington, on December 8, 1916, to parents Frank and Pauline Sullivan. His father, Frank, owned a local lumber company in the Pacific Northwest.
Sullivan received his bachelor's degree in business finance from Seattle College. Sullivan married his wife, Rose, in 1941. The family relocated to La Crescenta, California, in 1948. The family relocated to a large home in La Cañada Flintridge, California, after the ninth of Sullivan's ten children were born in 1954.
Career.
Sullivan founded his own financial consulting company, M.F. Sullivan and Co., a corporate mergers and acquisitions firm, in 1960. The company was based in downtown Los Angeles.
Sullivan Bluth Studios.
Three of Walt Disney Animation Studios's highest ranking animators — Don Bluth, Gary Goldman and John Pomeroy — left the Walt Disney Company in 1979, along with a group of artists and animators. The animators and artists, led by Bluth, felt that the Walt Disney Company had turned against its traditional production values in favor of pursuing a profitable bottom line. Bluth, Pomerory and Goldman set up a new animation studio based in Van Nuys, California. The new company was struggling financially and looking for a source of financing. According to the "Los Angeles Times", Morris Sullivan, who was semi-retired in the early 1980s, was persuaded to join the new company and provide financing by a golf partner.
Bluth and the other animators screened their 1982 animated film, "The Secret of NIMH", to persuade Sullivan to join the company. At the end of "The Secret of NIMH" screening an impressed Sullivan told Bluth and the other animators that, "I'm your guardian angel. I'm going to make this work for you." In a 1989 interview with the Los Angeles Times, Don Bluth said of Morris' early involvement with the company that, "He came along at a time when we were desperate, and he saved us."
Sullivan, who provided financing to the company, which eventually became known as Sullivan Bluth Studios, became its owner-president. During the production of the 1986 film, "An American Tail", Sullivan began orchestrating a plan to move the majority of the studio's operations to Dublin, Ireland. Sullivan had discovered that animated feature films could be made for much less in Ireland due to grants and Tax Incentives. According to Sullivan's daughter, Terry Sullivan Maphis, "He orchestrated the move to Dublin . . . to capitalize on the Irish government's special tax subsidies to filmmakers." By moving to Ireland, Bluth Sullivan Studios had a major impact in the emergence of an Irish animation industry, including the National College of Art and Design. 
Sullivan Bluth Studios had approximately 400 employees at the peak of its success and produced landmark animated films including "The Land Before Time" in 1988 and "All Dogs Go to Heaven" in 1989. However, the Studio struggled after another major investor withdrew financial support, partially due to a string of films which were unsuccessful at the box office. Don Bluth and Gary Goldman, two of the co-founders of the company, left Sullivan Bluth Studios in 1994 to set up the now defunct Fox Animation Studios. With a string of unsuccessful films and the departure of two of its founders, Sullivan Bluth Studios closed in 1995.
Death.
Morris Sullivan died on August 24, 2008, at his home in Toluca Lake, California, of complications from old age. He was 91 years old. Morris was survived by nine of his ten children — David, Kathleen, Patrick, Michael, Kelly, Mary, Tim, Terry and Dan; as well as nine grandchildren; and four great-grandchildren. His wife, Rose, died in 1971, while his daughter, Maureen, died in 1998. 
Sullivan's memorial service was held at St. Charles Borromeo Catholic Church in North Hollywood.

</doc>
<doc id="19453702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453702" title="Eugene T. Mahoney State Park">
Eugene T. Mahoney State Park

Eugene T. Mahoney State Park is a state park of Nebraska, USA, on the Platte River. The park is located just off Interstate 80 near Ashland, Nebraska, approximately from Omaha. It is known as "A Park for All Seasons" because of its wide range of activities available year round.
History.
Mahoney State Park, as it is typically referred to, was named after Eugene T. Mahoney, a former policeman, state senator, and director of the Nebraska Game and Parks Commission. Mahoney was seen as a very powerful man in politics, state government, and throughout the business community. When he took over the Game and Parks Commission, the Nebraska state parks began to grow and greatly improve. He was able to gather contributions to improve facilities statewide, particularly for the park that was to be later named after him. The park was dedicated May 19, 1991. As of 2010, it had become the state of Nebraska's second most visited tourist attraction just behind Omaha's Henry Doorly Zoo. Mahoney was very proud of his Irish heritage. The Mahoney family crest is the symbol of the park and a loop of cabins have been named after County Cork, Munster Province in the Republic of Ireland, the Mahoney family's ancestral home.
Features.
There are a number of activities and features at the park. They include horseback trail rides, fishing, a marina with paddleboat rental, miniature golf and a driving range. Athletic facilities include an aquatic center, 18-hole disc golf course, tennis and basketball courts, softball fields and sand volleyball. There are also extensive picnicking areas and hiking trails, as well as a observation tower overlooking the Platte River Valley. There are also winter activities, including cross-country skiing, sledding and toboggan runs, ice fishing, and an ice skating rink. An activity center, indoor playground and activity simulators are open year-round. The Kountze Theater is a cultural highlight of the park. There are multiple group facilities that can be rented for any type of event. Conferences, company picnics, meetings, family reunions, church retreats, summer outings, and numerous school outings are held each year. 
The park is located near several other tourist attractions including the Platte River State Park, the Strategic Air and Space Museum, the Conservation Park and Wildlife Safari, and several golf courses.
Lodging.
The Eugene T. Mahoney State Park features new and renovated cabins with housekeeping that are available year round. They are located in secluded, wooded areas of the park. The Peter Kiewit Lodge provides 40 guest rooms, group conference rooms 
and a restaurant.

</doc>
<doc id="19453707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453707" title="Thomas Skinner (Ceylon)">
Thomas Skinner (Ceylon)

Major Thomas Skinner, CMB (born 22 May 1804 in St. John's, Newfoundland - died 24 July 1877) was a prominent road builder in British Ceylon (present-day Sri Lanka).
Biography.
Thomas Skinner was born in the family of a British military officer of the Royal Artillery. In 1811, Thomas moved to England with his father and studied in Shaftesbury, Dorsetshire. Dissatisfied with education, Thomas went to Ceylon in 1819 to visit his father who was stationed in Trincomalee. There he was commissioned in Ceylon Rifle Regiment as a Second Lieutenant. His first job was to carry a platoon of soldiers from Trincomalee to Colombo, shortly after the 1818 rebellion that was not completely suppressed yet.
Soon after he was appointed to the public works department which is responsible for building the roads in the island. There Skinner gained his lifelong lasting fame for constructing Colombo-Kandy highway. In 1825 he was appointed as head of the Colombo defense guard, in 1833 Lieutenant Quartermaster General and Surveyor General, and finally, in 1841, Skinner was promoted to Commissioner of Highways. He is also noted for mapping previously uncharted parts of Ceylon.
In 1848 Skinner gave a testimony before a Special Working Committee of British House of Commons on the Matale Rebellion. His statement exposed the maladministration of the British that led to rebellion and how British policies altered traditional ways of life of the native Sinhalese.
Skinner retired from civil service in 1867, and was celebrated for his achievements by British administration, planters, newspapers as well as local Mudaliyars. Thomas Skinner went to England and received CMB from Queen Victoria. Skinner wrote an autobiography, "Fifty Years in Ceylon".

</doc>
<doc id="19453727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453727" title="Sunstorm (band)">
Sunstorm (band)

Sunstorm is a hard rock project featuring lead vocalist Joe Lynn Turner (formerly of Rainbow), bassist/vocalist Dennis Ward, guitarist Uwe Reitenauer, drummer Chris Schmidt, (all members of the band Pink Cream 69) and keyboardist Jochen Weyer. The album also features artists such as Dann Huff and Jim Peterik as additional songwriters. The first album called "Sunstorm" was released in 2006, followed in 2009 by their second album "House Of Dreams". "Emotional Fire" is the third release, out in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19453732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453732" title="Calcisols">
Calcisols

A Calcisol in the FAO World Reference Base for Soil Resources is a soil with a substantial secondary accumulation of lime. Calcisols are common in calcareous parent materials and widespread in arid and semi-arid environments. Formerly Calcisols were internationally known as "Desert soils" and "Takyrs".
Calcisols are developed in mostly alluvial, colluvial and aeolian deposits of base-rich weathering material. They are found on level to hilly land in arid and semi-arid regions. The natural vegetation is sparse and dominated by xerophytic shrubs and trees and/or ephemeral grasses.
Dryness, and in places also stoniness and/or the presence of a shallow petrocalcic horizon, limit the suitability of Calcisols for agriculture. If irrigated, drained (to prevent salinisation) and fertilised, Calcisols can be highly productive under a wide variety of crops. Hilly areas with Calcisols are predominantly used for low volume grazing of cattle, sheep and goats.
Many Calcisols occur together with Solonchaks that are actually salt-affected Calcisols and/or with other soils with secondary accumulation of lime that do not key out as Calcisols. The total Calcisol area may well amount to some 10 million square kilometres, nearly all of it in the arid and semi-arid (sub)tropics of both hemispheres. 

</doc>
<doc id="19453735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453735" title="Bert Taylor">
Bert Taylor

Bert 'Roy' Taylor (born 9 July 1900) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Fitzroy and coached Geelong in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Originally from Warragul, Taylor spent four seasons at Fitzroy where he played as a defender. His last league game was the 1922 Grand Final win, in which he starred from the back pocket. The following season he joined Geelong as non playing coach and steered the club to the finals.

</doc>
<doc id="19453752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453752" title="Night of the Ultimate Mosh">
Night of the Ultimate Mosh

Night of the Ultimate Mosh is a Grindcore 2002 album from Birdflesh.The title track is about a Samantha Fox concert.

</doc>
<doc id="19453753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453753" title="Christian Gärtner">
Christian Gärtner

Christian Gärtner (1705 – 31 December 1782) was a German telescope maker and astronomer, noted for his observation of the 1758 return of Halley's Comet.
Gärtner was born at Tolkewitz near Dresden and even as a child had a passion for the stars. He earned his living as a cloth-bleacher and spent his income on astronomical equipment and books. Later, he learned to grind his own lenses and manufactured and sold telescopes.
In December 1758 (simultaneously with Johann Georg Palitzsch) Gärtner observed the return of Halley's Comet, predicted by Edmond Halley in 1705.
Gärtner died a pauper in 1782 and was buried in Leuben cemetery.
Eponymy.
Gärtner is commemorated by a crater on the Moon and by 132445 Gaertner, an asteroid.

</doc>
<doc id="19453777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453777" title="H. Dale Cook">
H. Dale Cook

H. Dale Cook (April 14, 1924, Guthrie, Oklahoma - September 22, 2008) was an American federal judge. He served on the bench from 1974 to 2008.
Early life.
Cook was born in Guthrie, Oklahoma on April 14, 1924, and graduated from Guthrie High School in 1942. In 1943 he joined the U.S. Army Air Corps, and was commissioned as an Air Corps 2nd lieutenant. He trained fighter pilots and served on active duty until October 1945. He served in the Air Force Reserve until 1953.
Cook graduated from the University of Oklahoma with a bachelor’s degree in 1949 and a law degree in 1950.
He served as Logan County attorney from 1951 to 1954, and as assistant U.S. attorney from 1954 to 1958 in Oklahoma City. From 1963 to 1965, he worked as legal counsel and adviser to then-Governor Henry Bellmon.
Cook then returned to private law practice from 1965 until 1971, while he also served as the chairman and president of the Shepherd Mall State Bank from 1969–1971, when he left for Washington, D.C. to serve as director of the Bureau of Hearings and Appeals of the Social Security Administration.
Federal judge.
In 1974, Cook was appointed a federal district court judge. Cook was nominated by President Gerald Ford on December 2, 1974, to a seat vacated by Luther L. Bohanon; he was confirmed 16 days later. He became chief judge of the Northern District of Oklahoma court in February 1979 and held that role until early 1992, when he took senior status. He continued hearing cases until 2008.
In the 1980s, Cook and other federal judges in his district presided over thousands of cases as the civil docket in Oklahoma swelled due to the region-wide oil bust and savings and loan scandal.
In July 2009, Congressman John Sullivan submitted a bill to rename the Federal building and United States courthouse in Tulsa, Oklahoma the "H. Dale Cook Federal Building and United States Courthouse." That bill passed the U.S. House of Representatives and proceeded on to the U.S. Senate. The bill died in the Senate's Committee on the Environment and Public Works because Chair Barbara Boxer (D-CA) never brought the bill for a vote in the committee, despite the fact that it had been placed on the committee's agenda at least twice. Though the entire Oklahoma congressional designation (including Democrats) supported the bill, some local Democrats in Oklahoma complained that they didn't want the building named after a Republican, despite the fact that Cook, when Chief Judge of the Northern District of Oklahoma, had been responsible for restoring the building.

</doc>
<doc id="19453823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453823" title="Rolf Daniel Vikstøl">
Rolf Daniel Vikstøl

Rolf Daniel Vikstøl (born 22 February 1989) is a Norwegian football defender who currently plays for IK Start.
After previously playing for the club FK Våg, he came to Start in 2008, and played occasional games for the first team in the 2008 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19453840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453840" title="They Shoot, We Score">
They Shoot, We Score

They Shoot, We Score is a compilation soundtrack album by the band Yo La Tengo, released on 12 September 2008.
It contains tracks from the films "Old Joy" (2006), "Junebug" (2005), "Game 6" (2005) and "Shortbus" (2006).
"Spec Bebop" is a shortened new recording of the track from "I Can Hear the Heart Beating as One" and "Madeline" is different from the identically titled track from "And Then Nothing Turned Itself Inside Out".
The album was released with different covers using the posters for each of the films as a cover.
Track listing.
Tracks 1-6: "Old Joy"
Tracks 7-13: "Junebug"
Tracks 14-23: "Game 6"
Tracks 24-27: "Shortbus"

</doc>
<doc id="19453850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453850" title="Ardrahan railway station">
Ardrahan railway station

Ardrahan railway station serves the village of Ardrahan in County Galway, Ireland.
History.
Opened by the Athenry and Ennis Junction Railway, at the beginning of the 20th century the station was run by the Great Southern and Western Railway and then Great Southern Railways.
The station was then passed to the Coras Iompair Éireann as a result of the Transport Act 1944 which took effect from 1 January 1945. Passenger services ceased in 1976.
The site today.
The line through the station was rebuilt as part of the Western Railway Corridor, the station reopening to passengers in March 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19453861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453861" title="BL 6 inch gun Mk II – VI">
BL 6 inch gun Mk II – VI

The BL 6 inch guns Marks II, III, IV and VI were the second and subsequent generations of British 6-inch breechloading naval guns, designed by the Royal Gun Factory following the first 6-inch breechloader, the relatively unsuccessful BL 6 inch 80 pounder gun designed by Elswick Ordnance. They were originally designed to use the old gunpowder propellants. They were superseded on new warships by the QF 6 inch gun from 1891.
Development history.
These were Royal Gun Factory designs, although they were also manufactured by Elswick Ordnance.
Mark II.
Mk II followed the early weakly made and less powerful Mark I 80-pounder and introduced a 100-pound projectile, which became standard for British 6-inch guns until 1930. It consisted of a much thicker steel barrel with wrought-iron jackets shrunk over it and as originally introduced weighed 81 cwt (9072 pounds). The gun proved to be too weakly constructed, and 5 steel chase hoops were added to strengthen it and the gun was shorted by 12 inches to rebalance it, resulting in a bore length of 144 inches (24 calibres) and final weight of 89 cwt (9968 pounds), or 4½ tons. These guns were relegated to non-firing drill use following a burst gun incident on HMS "Cordelia" in June 1891.
Marks III, IV, VI.
Mark III finally introduced an all-steel construction, with a steel barrel and steel breech-piece and hoops shrunk over it, weighing 89 cwt (4½ tons). However, as originally introduced Mk III was still limited to weak charges and low muzzle velocity, and most guns were strengthened by being chase-hooped to allow a full powder charge of 48 lb gunpowder and muzzle velocity of 1,960 feet per second. This brought the gun weight up to 100 cwt (5 tons).
Mk IV incorporated the improvements to Mk III. Mk VI differed from Mk IV only in having slightly simplified construction. 
Marks III, IV and VI became the most commonly deployed versions, and their widespread adoption would indicate they were considered successful. Marks III, IV and VI were interchangeable and had the same performance. They are generally referred to as "6-in 5-ton B.L.R." in contemporaneous publications such as Brassey's Naval Annual.
Guns equipped the following British warships :
QFC conversion.
From 1895 many ships' guns were converted to QF to use the same brass cartridge case and charge as the modern QF 6 inch guns. They were designated QFC for "QF Converted", and the new Mark designation began at I over the old gun Mark e.g. I/IV was the first version of Mk IV gun converted to QFC, II/VI was the second version of Mk VI gun converted.
Coast defence gun.
Mk IV and VI guns were widely used in coast defence around the British Empire, both on hydro-pneumatic disappearing mountings and Vavasseur slides (inclined slides that absorbed recoil).
A small number of Mk IV and VI guns had their old 3-motion breeches replaced by modern single-motion types and the chamber lengthened to accept a more powerful cartridge, and became the BLC (breech loading converted) coast defence gun in 1902. They attained a maximum range of using a 15 oz cordite cartridge. They were replaced by the modern Mk VII as they became available, and were declared obsolete in 1922.
<br style="clear:left;" >
BLC Siege gun.
Mk IV and VI BLC guns were also fitted out with wagons in 1902 to allow them to be transported as semi-mobile siege guns - the gun and siege platform were transported as separate loads, the siege platform was assembled at the firing site and the gun mounted on it. When World War I broke out in 1914, 2 batteries of these BLC siege guns were equipped with primitive wheeled gun carriages with traction engine wheels and sent to France as heavy field guns. They were towed by steam traction engines. They had limited recoil buffers and required chocks in front and behind the wheels when firing. These guns had a maximum range of 14,200 yards. They were soon replaced in action as guns in 1915 by the more modern 6 inch Mk VII and were then converted into 8-inch howitzers.
World War I conversion to 8 inch howitzer.
Britain was desperately short of heavy field artillery at the beginning of World War I, and in 1915 old BL 6-inch guns were bored out and shortened to produce BL 8 inch howitzers as follows :
<br style="clear:left;" >
Mk V.
Mk V was a longer (30-calibres, 183.5 inch bore) unrelated Elswick Ordnance export gun.

</doc>
<doc id="19453864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453864" title="Percy Quinn">
Percy Quinn

John Purcell (Percy) Quinn (January 9, 1876 – October 28, 1944) was a Canadian athlete, businessman, sports promoter and politician in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. He was an owner and president of the Toronto Blueshirts, winners of the Stanley Cup in 1914. He was a member of the world champion Montreal Shamrocks lacrosse team in 1896. From 1927 until 1932 and 1937 until 1942 he served as alderman on Toronto City Council. His brother Emmett Quinn was also an ice hockey executive.
Personal life.
Born in Montreal, Quinn played hockey and lacrosse as a youth. He joined Queen Insurance at the age of 14 and was transferred to Winnipeg in 1902. He became local manager of the renamed Royal Insurance office in Toronto in 1906, where he lived until his death in 1944, due to ill health after a heart attack in 1942. He married Louise Reeves. Quinn had three brothers Emmett, Fred and Raphael. Quinn did not have any children.
Ice hockey.
Quinn was first involved in hockey as a coach and a referee in the early 1900s. He was referee of the Stanley Cup challenge series between the Winnipeg Victorias and the Montreal Hockey Club in 1903. When professional hockey was just beginning, Quinn was the owner and manager of the first professional ice hockey team in Toronto, the Toronto Professional Hockey Club, which operated from 1906 until 1909. In 1911, he, along with Frank Robinson and other investors, purchased a franchise in the National Hockey Association (NHA) to play in the new Arena Gardens of Toronto. The arena was not ready for the 1911–12 season, and the team began play in 1912–13. In only its second season, the Blueshirts would win the NHA championship and the Stanley Cup. Quinn sold his share of the Blueshirts, turning the club over to Eddie Livingstone. Quinn and Livingstone knew each other from managing the Toronto Amateur Athletic Club's ice hockey team in previous years.
In 1918, Livingstone and Quinn would team up against the owners of the NHA, now operating as the National Hockey League (NHL). Together, they attempted to overthrow the NHL and form a new league, the "Canadian Hockey Association", but were unsuccessful as the rinks were controlled by the NHL or its partners.
Lacrosse.
Quinn was a member of the Montreal Shamrocks team that won the world championship in 1896. He later was president of the Winnipeg Lacrosse Club and president of the Dominion Lacrosse Association.
Politician.
Quinn became a City Councillor for the City of Toronto in 1927. As a politician, he acted in humanitarian causes to improve life in Toronto. He is credited with getting Toronto public libraries open on Sundays. He worked to improve conditions in the Toronto Don Jail.

</doc>
<doc id="19453873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453873" title="Michael &quot;Clip&quot; Payne">
Michael &quot;Clip&quot; Payne

<br>
Michael "Clip" Payne (born William Michael Payne on September 25, 1958 in Detroit, Michigan) is an American musician. He has been a member of the Parliament-Funkadelic collective since 1977. First credited on Parliament's 1979 release "Gloryhallastoopid" with "Choir Chours", he has appeared on over 20 Parliament-Funkadelic collective recordings primarily as a vocalist and keyboardist. Payne, who is sometimes called "The Man in the Box", typically acts as an on-stage commentator during Parliament-Funkadelic's live performances.
Payne's first professional work was the recording of Edwin Starr's "Twenty-Five Miles" with producer Norman Whitfield. In addition to his work with George Clinton and P-Funk, Payne has performed with DRUGS, Cadillac Heights, The 420 Funk Mob, Stoney Clove Lane, and Cacophonic FM.
Payne founded WEFUNK International in the late 80's as a vehicle for his solo projects which became WEFUNK AD2k Records and Filmworks in 1999. Payne is listed as the CEO of the company which is based in Woodstock, NY. Currently associated with label are the groups DRUGS, 420 Funk Mob, and Cacophony FM, all of which are led by Payne, as well as Stefanie Keys, Joey Eppard, and
Stoney Clove Lane. There is no stated relationship between WEFUNK AD2k Records and Filmworks and WEFUNK Radio featured on Montreal's CKUT.
External links.
http://www.trademarkia.com/company-payne-william-michael-3315060-page-1-2

</doc>
<doc id="19453917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453917" title="Brantley Lake State Park">
Brantley Lake State Park

Brantley Lake State Park is a state park of New Mexico, United States, located approximately north of Carlsbad. The park takes its name from Brantley Lake, a man-made reservoir created when Brantley Dam was built across the Pecos River in the 1980s. The lake is the southernmost lake in New Mexico, and it is popular for boating and fishing. It has a surface area of approximately , but that varies due to the inconsistent flow of the Pecos River and the arid climate in which the lake is located.
The lake is stocked with bass, walleye, catfish, bluegill, and crappie, however officials have recently detected high levels of DDT in the fish and the State Parks Department is recommending that the fish not be eaten.
The park has 51 developed campsites with electricity, shower facilities, a playground, a visitor center, and other amenities. 

</doc>
<doc id="19453931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453931" title="Pandaha">
Pandaha

Pandaha is a village in Rani Ki Sarai town of Azamgarh district in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India. It is the
birthplace of historian Mahapandit Rahul Sankrityayan.
Famous Persons.
polymath, Historian, Nationalist

</doc>
<doc id="19453934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453934" title="Arturo Muñoz">
Arturo Muñoz

Arturo Muñoz Gutiérrez (born 31 December 1984) is a Mexican footballer. He currently plays as a left back for Atlante of the Primera División de Mexico.
Honors.
Club.
Atlante

</doc>
<doc id="19453961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19453961" title="Mathematical object">
Mathematical object

A mathematical object is an abstract object arising in philosophy of mathematics and mathematics.
Commonly encountered mathematical objects include numbers, permutations, partitions, matrices, sets, functions, and relations. Geometry as a branch of mathematics has such objects as hexagons, points, lines, triangles, circles, spheres, polyhedra, topological spaces and manifolds. Another branch - Algebra, has groups, rings, fields, group-theoretic lattices, and order-theoretic lattices. Categories are simultaneously homes to mathematical objects and mathematical objects in their own right.
The ontological status of mathematical objects has been the subject of much investigation and debate by philosophers of mathematics.
Cantorian framework.
One view that emerged around the turn of the 20th century with the work of Cantor is that all mathematical objects can be defined as sets. The set {0,1} is a relatively clear-cut example. On the face of it the group Z2 of integers mod 2 is also a set with two elements. However, it cannot simply be the set {0,1}, because this does not mention the additional structure imputed to Z2 by the operations of addition and negation mod 2: how are we to tell which of 0 or 1 is the additive identity, for example? To organize this group as a set it can first be coded as the quadruple ({0,1},+,−,0), which in turn can be coded using one of several conventions as a set representing that quadruple, which in turn entails encoding the operations + and − and the constant 0 as sets.
Sets may include ordered denotation of the particular identities and operations that apply to them, indicating a group, abelian group, ring, field, or other mathematical object. These types of mathematical objects are commonly studied in abstract algebra.
Foundational paradoxes.
If, however, the goal of mathematical ontology is taken to be the internal consistency of mathematics, it is more important that mathematical objects be definable in some uniform way (for example, as sets) regardless of actual practice, in order to lay bare the essence of its paradoxes. This has been the viewpoint taken by foundations of mathematics, which has traditionally accorded the management of paradox higher priority than the faithful reflection of the details of mathematical practice as a justification for defining mathematical objects to be sets.
Much of the tension created by this foundational identification of mathematical objects with sets can be relieved without unduly compromising the goals of foundations by allowing two kinds of objects into the mathematical universe, sets and relations, without requiring that either be considered merely an instance of the other. These form the basis of model theory as the domain of discourse of predicate logic. From this viewpoint, mathematical objects are entities satisfying the axioms of a formal theory expressed in the language of predicate logic.
Category theory.
A variant of this approach replaces relations with operations, the basis of universal algebra. In this variant the axioms often take the form of equations, or implications between equations.
A more abstract variant is category theory, which abstracts sets as objects and the operations thereon as morphisms between those objects. At this level of abstraction mathematical objects reduce to mere vertices of a graph whose edges as the morphisms abstract the ways in which those objects can transform and whose structure is encoded in the composition law for morphisms. Categories may arise as the models of some axiomatic theory and the homomorphisms between them (in which case they are usually concrete, meaning equipped with a faithful forgetful functor to the category Set or more generally to a suitable topos), or they may be constructed from other more primitive categories, or they may be studied as abstract objects in their own right without regard for their provenance.

</doc>
<doc id="19454020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454020" title="Canoeing at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Men's K-2 500 metres">
Canoeing at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Men's K-2 500 metres

The men's K-2 500 metres event was a pairs kayaking event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1976 Summer Olympics program. This event made its debut at these games.
Results.
Heats.
The 21 crews first raced in three heats on July 28. The top three finishers from each of the heats advanced directly to the semifinals while the remaining 12 teams were relegated to the repechages.
Borisov is listed as Borislav Konstantinov in the official report.
Repechages.
The 12 crews first raced in three repechages on July 28. The top three finishers from each of the repechages advanced directly to the semifinals.
Semifinals.
The top three finishers in each of the semifinals (raced on July 30) advanced to the final.
Final.
The final was held on July 30. 

</doc>
<doc id="19454024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454024" title="Mall of Arabia (Jeddah)">
Mall of Arabia (Jeddah)

The Mall of Arabia is a shopping mall located in Jeddah in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. The mall is located on the eastern side of the Medina Road and south of Makkah Road, near the King Abdulaziz International Airport. With an area of 261,000 square meters,

</doc>
<doc id="19454033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454033" title="Fire Without Flame">
Fire Without Flame

Fire Without Flame is a hard rock album by Akira Kajiyama and Joe Lynn Turner. This is the first release under both their names. "Fire Without Flame" is more of a return to "Slam" era sensibilities: a blistering blues infused hard rock album, on which Kajiyama handled all instruments and production himself. While absent of song writing credits, it’s assumed that Turner contributed all lyrics and vocal melodies.
External links.
http://www.rockeyez.com

</doc>
<doc id="19454065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454065" title="Hermitian connection">
Hermitian connection

In mathematics, a Hermitian connection formula_1, is a connection on a Hermitian vector bundle over a smooth manifold which is compatible with the Hermitian metric. If the base manifold is a complex manifold, and the Hermitian vector bundle admits a holomorphic structure, then there is a canonical Hermitian connection, which is called the Chern connection which satisfies the following conditions
In particular, if the base manifold is Kähler and the vector bundle is its tangent bundle, then the Chern connection coincides with the Levi-Civita connection of the associated Riemannian metric

</doc>
<doc id="19454075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454075" title="Arthur Rademacher">
Arthur Rademacher

Arthur Rademacher (born 27 November 1889) was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Rademacher, originally from Leopold (a club based in South Melbourne). He played in the side which lost the 1914 Grand Final to Carlton. He was a half back flanker in South Melbourne's 1918 premiership team. .
He played the first two games for South Melbourne in 1920, bringing his total to 100 games before accepting a offer from Hawthorn ( in the VFA) to step in as coach after Neddy Alley stood down. He played one last game for South before being granted a clearance to be able to play for the club he now coached. He stayed on as captain-coach for the 1921 season before handing over the position to Bill Walton.
Rademacher continued to play with Hawthorn who were competing in the VFA but had retired before Hawthorn moved to the VFL.
He stayed at the club and preformed various functions around the club for many years. In 1933 he stepped in again to coach Hawthorn, (appointed coach Fred Phillips died on the eve of the season opener). He coached for four games for the solitary win before the club appointed Bill Twomey to coach for the rest of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="19454130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454130" title="Mall of Arabia">
Mall of Arabia

Mall of Arabia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19454144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454144" title="Black Tor Ferry">
Black Tor Ferry

The Black Tor Ferry, also known as the Padstow to Rock Ferry, is a passenger ferry which crosses the tidal River Camel in north Cornwall, United Kingdom. The ferry carries pedestrians and cyclists only (not vehicles).
History.
There has been a ferry at Black Rock Passage since 1337, the right originally belonging to the Ducky manor of Penmayne. Today the ferry operates on demand, every day in the summer and Monday to Saturday in the winter. The service being operated by Padstow Harbour Commissioners.
Route.
The ferry connects the town of Padstow on the west bank of the river to the village of Rock on the east bank. The route of the long South West Coast Path utilises the ferry.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19454191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454191" title="Houston TranStar">
Houston TranStar

Established in 1993, Houston TranStar is a partnership of four government agencies that are responsible for providing Transportation Management and Emergency Management services to the Greater Houston, Texas Region. TranStar provides management of the region’s transportation system and has evolved into a primary resource from which multiple state, county and local agencies respond to incidents and emergencies in Harris County, Texas and elsewhere. The following agencies are currently part of the Houston TranStar partnership:
Texas Department of Transportation
Harris County, Texas
Metropolitan Transit Authority of Harris County, Texas
City of Houston
Programs.
Transportation Management
Monitoring traffic incidents with more than 800 regional Closed Circuit Television Cameras (CCTVs), staff at the TranStar center dispatch vehicles to remove debris or hazardous materials, communicate with emergency vehicles about the most direct routes to an accident scene, and send tow trucks to stalled vehicles. More than 1,280 direction freeway miles are equipped with speed sensors to monitor and broadcast real-time travel speeds on the Houston TranStar website. About 150 Dynamic Message Signs (DMS), deployed from Houston TranStar, inform travelers about expected travel times and traffic issues ahead. Synchronized traffic signals, Highway Advisory Radio, ramp meters and other devices are also put to use with the goal of keeping the region's traffic moving.
Emergency Management
When emergency conditions arise such as hurricanes, floods, industrial explosions or terrorist attacks, the Emergency Operations Center (EOC) at Houston TranStar is activated. Representatives coordinate from all four collaborating agencies—as well as such diverse entities as the U.S. Army, Salvation Army, Harris County Toll Road Authority, Amateur Radio Operator volunteers, the American Red Cross, and area local governments. The Automated Flood Warning System, Doppler Radar Imagery, Satellite Weather Maps, Road Flood Warning Systems and the Regional Incident Management System (RIMS) comprise some of the tools used to address the emergency.

</doc>
<doc id="19454201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454201" title="United States v. Phellis">
United States v. Phellis

United States v. Phellis, 257 U.S. 156 (1921), was a decision by the United States Supreme Court, which held that shares in a subsidiary corporation issued to stockholders in the parent corporation were taxable as income.

</doc>
<doc id="19454208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454208" title="Dynamic topography">
Dynamic topography

The term dynamic topography is used in geodynamics and oceanography to refer to elevation differences caused by the flow within the Earth's mantle and the ocean water, respectively.
Geodynamics.
In geodynamics, "dynamic topography" refers to topography generated by the motion of zones of differing degrees of buoyancy (convection) in the Earth's mantle. It is also seen as the residual topography obtained by removing the isostatic contribution from the observed topography (i.e., the topography that cannot be explained by an isostatic equilibrium of the crust or the lithosphere resting on a fluid mantle) and all observed topography due to post-glacial rebound. Elevation differences due to dynamic topography are frequently on the order of a few hundred meters to a couple of kilometers. Large scale surface features due to dynamic topography are mid-ocean ridges and oceanic trenches. Other prominent examples include areas overlying mantle plumes such as the African superswell.
The mid-ocean ridges are high due to dynamic topography because the upwelling hot material underneath them pushes them up above the surrounding seafloor. This provides an important driving force in plate tectonics called ridge push: the increased gravitational potential energy of the mid-ocean ridge due to its dynamic uplift causes it to extend and push the surrounding lithosphere away from the ridge axis. Dynamic topography and mantle density variations can explain 90% of the long-wavelength geoid after the hydrostatic ellipsoid is subtracted out.
Dynamic topography is the reason why the geoid is high over regions of low-density mantle. If the mantle were static, these low-density regions would be geoid lows. However, these low-density regions move upwards in a mobile, convecting mantle, elevating density interfaces such as the core-mantle boundary, 440 and 670 kilometer discontinuities, and the Earth's surface. Since both the density and the dynamic topography provide approximately the same magnitude of change in the geoid, the resultant geoid is a relatively small value (being the difference between large but similar numbers).
Oceanography.
In oceanography, "dynamic topography" refers to the topography of the sea surface related to the dynamics of its own flow. In hydrostatic equilibrium, the surface of the ocean would have no topography, but due the ocean currents, its maximum dynamic topography is on the order of two meters.

</doc>
<doc id="19454219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454219" title="Qasim Zubair">
Qasim Zubair

Qasim Zubair (born 31 August 1987) is a United Arab Emirates cricketer. A right-handed batsman and right-arm medium-fast bowler, he has played for the United Arab Emirates national cricket team since 2006, including three first-class matches.
Biography.
Born in Dubai in 1987, Qasim Zubair first represented the UAE at Under-15 level, playing in the Under-15 Asia Cup in Dubai in 2002. He played for the Under-19 team in the Youth Asia Cup in Karachi the following year, and in the ACC Under-17 Cup in India in 2004. His career at youth level ended with the ACC Under-19 Cup in Nepal in 2005.
He made his debut for the UAE senior team in 2006, when he played against Brunei in the ACC Trophy. He made his first-class debut in January 2007, playing in a 2006 ICC Intercontinental Cup match against Scotland. He played against Ireland in the same tournament the following month.
He toured Canada with the UAE later in 2007, playing against a Canadian Invitation XI and Ontario. He played a 2007-08 ICC Intercontinental Cup match against Bermuda in November. In 2008, he played for the UAE against Somerset and Yorkshire and most recently represented his country in the 2008 ACC Trophy Elite tournament, where he played against Afghanistan and Nepal.

</doc>
<doc id="19454220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454220" title="Charles M. Cooke">
Charles M. Cooke

Charles M. Cooke was a North Carolina politician who served as Speaker of the North Carolina House of Representatives (1881) and as North Carolina Secretary of State (1895–1897).
Cooke, a Democrat who had represented Franklin County in both houses of the state legislature, was appointed to the office of Secretary of State by Gov. Elias Carr in 1895 upon the death of Octavius Coke. He was defeated for election to a full term in 1896 by Populist Cyrus Thompson. In 1903, Cooke became a state superior court judge.
As of the 1860s, Cooke practiced law in Louisburg, North Carolina with future congressman and N.C. Supreme Court justice Joseph J. Davis.
Cooke also made an unsuccessful run for Congress in 1894, losing to William F. Strowd.

</doc>
<doc id="19454238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454238" title="Texel Disaster">
Texel Disaster

The Texel Disaster took place off the Dutch coast on the night of 31 August 1940 and involved the sinking of two Royal Navy destroyers and damage to a third and a light cruiser. The disaster was caused by a destroyer flotilla running into an unmarked minefield which caused serious damage to one vessel; two more destroyers were sunk going to the aid of the first, and a light cruiser sent as an escort was slightly damaged by a mine on the return journey. In all, the disaster caused around 300 deaths, with a further 100 men injured or taken prisoner of war.
The disaster.
On the night of 31 August 1940, the British 20th Destroyer Flotilla — consisting of , , , and — sailed from Immingham to the Dutch coast northwest of Texel to lay mines. The flotilla was joined by part of the 5th Destroyer Flotilla consisting of , and . While the ships were laying mines, air reconnaissance detected a German naval force moving west from Terschelling towards Britain; fearing an invasion the 20th flotilla was ordered to intercept.
Whilst heading for this German force the flotilla ran into a newly laid, uncharted minefield and "Express" was badly damaged, losing most of her bow. The explosion caused heavy casualties: ninety of the 175 men on board were killed or wounded, including her captain, J.G. Bickford, who was injured by the explosion. The flotilla commander, Lieutenant-Commander Crouch, moved his ship, "Esk", to assist "Express" but "Esk" also hit a mine and the vessel swiftly sank, killing all on board, save one man. "Ivanhoe" then went to transfer the wounded from "Express" but also hit a mine and was badly damaged, the explosion killing a further 53 men and wounding the majority of the crew. Several life rafts, carrying shipwrecked sailors, drifted into the Dutch coast where those on board were detained by the German authorities as prisoners of war.
1 September brought "Kelvin" and "Jupiter" from the 5th flotilla to help rescue the shipwrecked crews and later two light cruisers — and — arrived as an escort. "Ivanhoe" was scuttled by fire from "Kelvin" and the ships returned to port. "Jupiter" towed the hulk of "Express" until tugs could be sent out to take over. On the way, "Galatea" hit a further mine and was slightly damaged.
Aftermath.
The final toll of the disaster was approximately 300 killed, with a further 100 injured or taken prisoner; this was the greatest loss of life suffered by Nore Command since the evacuation of Dunkirk. The German "invasion force" turned out to be a small minelaying unit transferring from Cuxhaven to Rotterdam. The casualties returning from the disaster, some badly burned, contributed to the myth that a German invasion had been repulsed by the use of burning oil floated on the sea. One theory amongst British civilians and press of the time laid the blame for the disaster with Lord Louis Mountbatten.

</doc>
<doc id="19454255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454255" title="Víctor Daniel Bravo">
Víctor Daniel Bravo

Víctor Daniel Bravo de Soto Vergara, known as Bravo (born 23 August 1983 in Zaragoza, Aragon), is a Spanish footballer who plays for CD Tudelano as a midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="19454264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454264" title="Víctor Bravo">
Víctor Bravo

Víctor Bravo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19454272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454272" title="Edward Hunt">
Edward Hunt

Edward Hunt (1792–1866) was a businessman and politician who migrated from Great Britain to Australia and made his career in Sydney.
Life and career.
Edward Hunt was born in London, England. He was trained as a cabinet maker and then migrated to Australia, arriving in Sydney on 28 January 1814. In Sydney he had a successful career as a businessman and became a leading manufacturer in the cabinet maker industry. 
In 1842, Hunt became a founding member of Sydney City Council and in 1858 was elected to the New South Wales Legislative Council.
On June 20, 1821, Hunt married Hannah Padgett Mason in St John's Church, Parramatta. Two daughters, both named Hannah, are recorded: the first was born 1825 and died 1828, the second born 1828. Hunt and his wife had six children in all.
From 1847-49, Hunt built a fine residence called "Hampton Villa" in Grafton Street, Balmain. He died in this house in December 1866. The house was later rented by Henry Parkes from 1888-1892. It has a state heritage listing.

</doc>
<doc id="19454281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454281" title="1961 Individual Speedway World Championship">
1961 Individual Speedway World Championship

The 1961 Individual Speedway World Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19454312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454312" title="Paul Nevermann">
Paul Nevermann

Paul Nevermann (February 5, 1902 – March 22, 1979) was a German politician, member of the Social Democratic Party (SPD) and First Mayor of Hamburg (1961 – 1965).
Nevermann was born in Klein Flottbek (a then independent village in the Pinneberg district now a neighborhood in Hamburg's quarter Nienstedten). He studied law and after his graduation Nevermann worked for the Hamburg labor office, but was fired 1933 as a member of the SPD by the Nazi government.
Political life.
He joined the SPD in 1920. In the aftermath of the July 20 plot of 1944 he was arrested. After the World War II he became Senator of Hamburg. From 1950 – 1953 Nevermann was Second Mayor of Hamburg and as a successor of Max Brauer he was elected as First Mayor on January 1, 1961. During his term in office the North Sea flood of 1962 and the state visits of Charles de Gaulle (1963) and Elisabeth II (1965) were major events in Hamburg. During the visit of Elisabeth II the breakup with his wife became public and after a media campaign by the newspapers of Axel Springer Verlag Nevermann resigned in 1965.
Nevermann died in Puerto de la Cruz, Tenerife, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="19454359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454359" title="The Shropshire Drama Festival">
The Shropshire Drama Festival

The Shropshire Drama Festival is organised annually in Spring by the Shropshire Drama League. It seeks to showcase the best in amateur theatre from around the county and is an initial round of the All England Theatre Festival . The competition is organised into both adult and youth sections and each competing team presents a one act play. A professional adjudicator from the Guild of Drama Adjudicators judges the teams and announces winners. The winning team is then eligible to represent Shropshire in succeeding rounds of the knockout competition which culminates in the British Final in June.

</doc>
<doc id="19454384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454384" title="Serbian Progressive Party">
Serbian Progressive Party

The Serbian Progressive Party () is a centre-right, conservative political party in Serbia.
History.
The Serbian Progressive Party was formed by a group of 21 former Serbian Radical Party (SRS) MPs led by Tomislav Nikolić. Disenchanted with the direction of the party, the pro-EU members left and formed the "Forward Serbia" parliamentary group. The SNS was founded and held its first congress meeting on 21 October 2008.
Of the Serbian Radical Party's representatives elected in the Serbian parliamentary election, 2008, 21 moved to the Serbian Progressive Party, while 56 remained in the SRS.
In 2011, the SNS formed a pre-election coalition with New Serbia, the Strength of Serbia Movement and the Movement of Socialists to participate in the 2012 election.
In the Serbian parliamentary election, 2012, the party led the "Let's Get Serbia Moving" coalition and gained 55 seats out of 73 won by the coalition in the National Assembly. Party leader Tomislav Nikolić defeated Boris Tadić of the Democratic Party in the second round of the 2012 presidential election.
Following his election as President of Serbia, Nikolić stepped down as leader of the party on 24 May 2012. Leaving deputy president Aleksandar Vučić in charge until a successor was elected. Vučić was the only candidate who ran for party leadership, and was elected on 29 September 2012, with Jorgovanka Tabaković as his deputy.
In December 2012, the People's Party led by ex-Mayor of Novi Sad Maja Gojković, merged into the SNS.
The Serbian Progressive Party maintains special cooperation with the Freedom Party of Austria and United Russia. On 24 April 2013 the SNS' representatives in the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe joined the Group of the European People's Party.

</doc>
<doc id="19454397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454397" title="Arabian Business">
Arabian Business

Arabian Business is a weekly business magazine published in Dubai and focusing on the Middle East. The magazine is aimed at the English- and Arabic-speaking communities and is published in both languages.
Arabian Business.
Arabian Business (English) is audited by BPA Worldwide. Its circulation figures for October–December 2007 were given as 20,468 copies. For the period of July – December 2012 the audited circulation of the weekly was 23,352 copies.mm
Arabian Business International.
Arabian Business International magazine, also known as ABI magazine, is an international magazine sold in countries across the world including China, France, Italy, Russia, Singapore, South Africa, Spain, the United Kingdom, and the United States. It is the first magazine from the Arab world that is printed and distributed globally.
Columnists for ABI include former "The Sunday Times" editor Andrew Neil and former "Daily Mirror" and "News of the World" editor Piers Morgan.
Distribution.
Data given by ITP Publishing Group, Retrieved 24 September 2008

</doc>
<doc id="19454399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454399" title="Fundy Basin">
Fundy Basin

The Fundy Basin is a sediment-filled rift basin on the Atlantic coast of southeastern Canada. It contains three sub-basins; the Fundy sub-basin, the Minas Basin and the Chignecto Basin. These arms meet at the Bay of Fundy, which is contained within the rift valley. From the Bay of Fundy, the Minas Basin trends northeast to Nova Scotia. Chignecto Bay runs from the Bay of Fundy northwest between New Brunswick and Nova Scotia which is separated from the waters of the Northumberland Strait by the Isthmus of Chignecto.
The Fundy Basin is best known for the bay it contains. The Bay of Fundy is home to huge tidal changes and tidal bores. It is part of the system of Eastern North America Rift Basins.
Geology.
Approximately 220 million years ago, during the late Triassic period, the supercontinent Pangaea began to break apart. The focus of the rifting began somewhere between where present-day eastern North America and north-western Africa were joined.
As in all rifting environments, grabens formed. Many of these grabens were created, but for some of them, extension stopped before full rifting occurred. Where only partial rifting occurred, basins formed. By definition, a basin is any area that collects sediments. These "aborted rifts" (rifts that are tectonically inactive and no longer collecting sediments) extend from Alabama to Newfoundland.
Along certain basins, rifting was not partial. Where full rifting occurred, the Atlantic Ocean was created. It is important to note that along these rifts, magmatic activity never stopped, as shown by the ongoing eruption of lava along the Mid-Atlantic Ridge.
The Fundy Basin is one in a series of these failed rifts. During its rupture, tholeiitic basaltic lava erupted, producing a sequence of continental tholeiitic basalts. These tholeiitic basalts form a volcanic mountain range known as North Mountain.

</doc>
<doc id="19454400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454400" title="Cellini (disambiguation)">
Cellini (disambiguation)

Cellini was an Italian goldsmith, painter, sculptor, soldier and musician of the Renaissance.
Cellini may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19454402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454402" title="Survey of English Usage">
Survey of English Usage

The Survey of English Usage was the first research centre in Europe to carry out research with corpora. The Survey is based in the Department of English Language and Literature at University College London. 
History.
The Survey of English Usage was founded in 1959 by Randolph (now Lord) Quirk. Many well-known linguists have spent time doing research at the Survey, including Bas Aarts, Valerie Adams, John Algeo, Dwight Bolinger, Noël Burton-Roberts, David Crystal, Derek Davy, Jan Firbas, Sidney Greenbaum, Liliane Haegeman, Robert Ilson, Ruth Kempson, Geoffrey Leech, Jan Rusiecki, Jan Svartvik, and Joe Taglicht.
The original Survey Corpus predated modern computing. It was recorded on reel-to-reel tapes, transcribed on paper, filed in filing cabinets, and indexed on paper cards. Transcriptions were annotated with a detailed prosodic and paralinguistic annotation developed by Crystal and Quirk (1964). Sets of paper cards were manually annotated for grammatical structures and filed, so, for example, all noun phrases could be found in the noun phrase filing cabinet in the Survey. Naturally, corpus searches required a visit to the Survey.
This corpus is now known more widely as the London-Lund Corpus (LLC), as it was the responsibility of co-workers in Lund, Sweden, to computerise the corpus. Thirty-four of the spoken texts were published in book form as Svartvik and Quirk (1980), and the corpus was used as the basis for the famous "Comprehensive Grammar" (Quirk "et al." 1985).
Current research.
Constructing corpora.
In 1988 Sidney Greenbaum proposed a new project, ICE, the International Corpus of English. ICE was to be an international project, carried out at research centres around the world, to compile corpora of English varieties where English was the first or second official language. ICE texts would contain spoken and written English in a balanced sample of one million words per component so that these samples could be compared in a wide varieties of ways. The ICE project continues around the world to the present day. 
ICE-GB, the British Component of ICE, was compiled at the Survey. ICE-GB was annotated to a very detailed level, including constructing a full grammatical analysis (parse) for every sentence in the corpus. The first release of ICE-GB took place in 1998. ICE-GB was distributed with software for searching and exploring the parsed corpus called ICECUP. Release 2 of ICE-GB has now been released and is available on CD.
As well as contrasting varieties of English, many researchers are interested in language development and change over time. A recent project at the Survey undertook the parsing of a large (400,000 word) selection of the spoken part of the LLC in a manner directly comparable with ICE-GB, forming a new, 800,000 word diachronic corpus, called the Diachronic Corpus of Present-Day Spoken English (DCPSE). DCPSE has now been released and is available on CD from the Survey.
These two corpora comprise the largest collection of parsed and corrected, orthographically transcribed spoken English language data in the world, with over one million words of spoken English in this form.
Exploring corpora.
Parsed corpora are large databases containing detailed grammatical tree structures. One of the consequences of forming large collections of valuable linguistic data is a pressing need for methods and tools to help researchers and other users make the most of them. So in parallel with the parsing of natural language data, the Survey team have carried out research and development of software tools to help linguists use these corpora. The ICECUP research platform uses an intuitive grammatical query representation called Fuzzy Tree Fragments (FTFs) to search parsed corpora. 
Linguistic research with corpora.
As well as distributing corpora and tools to the corpus linguistics research community, the SEU carries out research into English language. Recent projects include research on the English Noun Phrase, Subordination in Spoken and Written English, and the English Verb Phrase. The Survey also provides support for PhD students who carry out research into English language corpora.

</doc>
<doc id="19454410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454410" title="Lookout Place">
Lookout Place

Lookout Place or Fort Hill (also known as Fort Izard) was an American Revolutionary War British garrison, or earthen mound-fortress roughly 44 feet square at the top of La Tourette Hill in Historic Richmondtown, Staten Island, New York. The redoubt was constructed in 1776 by British Regulars during the occupation of Richmond County. General William Howe planned his successful capture of New York City while encamped on the Island, along with 30,000 British and Hessian soldiers joining to suppress the rebellion after the arrival of his brother Admiral Richard Howe. The fort overlooked a fresh water spring about 200 feet directly below (known as the Lord Howe Spring], the Old Mill Road, Fresh Kills which is a tributary of Richmond Creek, St. Andrews Church and the town of Richmond, then referred to as Cuckoldstown, in the valley just below La Tourette Hill.
The hilltop was widely denuded of trees by the British during the war, allowing the soldiers to have unobstructed views of Lower New York Bay and the Arthur Kill. It is now the La Tourette Golf Course.
Extensive archeological digs have taken place at the turn of the 19th century, revealing all manner of British accuetrament, from remnants of weaponry to soldier coat buttons, shoe buckles and pottery fragments.
Robert Rogers created a new unit while encamped at Richmondtown called The Queen's Rangers named after Charlotte, wife of King George III.
Sources.
Bayles, Richard M. 1887. History of Richmond County (Staten Island), New York: from its discovery to the present time. New York: L.E. Preston.
Morris, Ira K. 1898. Morris's Memorial History of Staten Island, New York. New York: Memorial Pub. Co.
Papas, Phillip. 2007. That ever loyal island: Staten Island and the American Revolution. New York: New York University Press. 

</doc>
<doc id="19454441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454441" title="Tom Proulx">
Tom Proulx

Thomas Proulx, better known as Tom Proulx, is an American computer programmer and entrepreneur. He was a co-founder and first programmer of Intuit and a pioneer of usability testing in the 1980s. He was the main programmer of the first version of Quicken and prime mover of its successful merger with TurboTax. 
In 1983 Scott Cook went to Stanford University in California, USA. He wanted a programmer for a planned home bill payment and bank reconciliation program. Proulx, who studied Electrical Engineering/Computer Science at Stanford, was the first person Cook met and they soon co-founded Intuit. Proulx was the first and main programmer of the first version of Quicken and the first Apple and Radio Shack versions. He obtained a patent for finding a way for a computer to verify that a user had correctly inserted blank checks in a dot matrix printer. This was essential to the near universal use of such checks in accounting programs.
In 1984, in what may have been the first case of usability testing with engineers, Intuit recruited people off the street to test Quicken with a stopwatch. After each test Proulx improved Quicken. Before this experienced computer users spent an hour or more to install programs and print a check. Novices often gave up. Quicken let novices do it in less than 15 minutes, printing checks faster than it took to write them. The market share of Quicken varied from 65% to 98%, making it a killer application, which drove many computer sales. It also made usability testing a standard industry practice.
In 1985, while Proulx was one of three Intuit employees, Intuit became the first company to shrink wrap floppy disks and manuals. This further revolutionized software development. By 1992, all major Intuit programs has a market share of 75% or more. Proulx then created an Intuit credit card with a download service, which automatically classified charges. In 1993, he actively assisted with helping Intuit go public and was the driving force behind its Chip Soft TurboTax merger. He resigned soon after.
Proulx a recipient of the "Inc. Magazine" Entrepreneur of the Year Award in 1992.
He and his wife Barbara have two children, Audrey and Ian. Proulx is now CEO of Netpulse, a fitness entertainment company based in San Francisco, CA.

</doc>
<doc id="19454447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454447" title="1960 Individual Speedway World Championship">
1960 Individual Speedway World Championship

The 1960 Individual Speedway World Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19454473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454473" title="MpDRM">
MpDRM

mpDRM is a content independent Digital Rights Management (DRM) system developed and licensed by Protect Software GmbH, a German corporation with headquarters located in Dortmund, Germany and subsidiaries in Canada and the United States.
mpDRM is internally based on the Open Mobile Alliance (OMA) standard but is accessed on the server- and client-side through the Microsoft DRM interfaces in use at most online video sales services.
mpDRM is often referenced as “Motion Picture Digital Rights Management” but stands actually for “Multi-Purpose Digital Rights Management” as it supports not only video but also audio and even software containers.
mpDRM is most frequently used with FluxDVD files to control the playback, burn and export processes based on restrictions defined by the content owners and imposed by the content distributors via DRM licenses.
Applying mpDRM to a content container.
Tools for applying DRM to content containers are available from Protect Software after signing an NDA. If mpDRM is used together with fluxDVD files, the tools can also be retrieved directly from www.fluxdvd.com.
Advantages.
mpDRM is based on an open standard but can still act as plug-in replacement for any service using Microsoft DRM. It is format independent and very secure and allows a bigger set of rights compared with Microsoft DRM, mot notably the possibility to define a “Burn to DVD” count which is a concept unknown to Microsoft DRM.
Criticism.
mpDRM has been criticized as being a Windows only solution. Also, as with any DRM system the use of mpDRM may lead to unwanted limitations regarding the use of licensed content on multiple platforms and over longer time scales.

</doc>
<doc id="19454480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454480" title="Herman, Duke of Carinthia">
Herman, Duke of Carinthia

Herman II of Sponheim (died 4 October 1181) ruled the Duchy of Carinthia from 1161 to his death.
Family.
A scion of the Rhenish House of Sponheim, he was the second son of Duke Ulrich I of Carinthia (d. 1144) and his wife Judith, daughter of Margrave Herman II of Baden. 
Herman's paternal grandparents were Engelbert of Spanheim (died 1141) and Uta, daughter of Burgrave Ulric of Passau. Engelbert had succeeded his brother Henry as Carinthian duke in 1123, since 1106 he also controlled the March of Istria. His maternal grandparents were Berengar II, Count of Sulzbach (died 3 December 1125) and Adelheid of Wolfratshausen. His maternal aunts included Gertrude of Sulzbach and Bertha of Sulzbach, respectively the wives of King Conrad III of Germany and the Byzantine Emperor Manuel I Komnenos.
Rule.
When in April 1144, his father Duke Ulrich I died childless Herman's elder brother Henry V succeeded him. Though a loyal supporter of the Imperial Hohenstaufen dynasty, Henry lost the title of Margrave of Verona to his uncle Herman III of Baden in 1151. He married Elizabeth, a daughter of Margrave Leopold of Styria, and died childless on 12 October 1161., whereafter Herman succeeded him as Carinthian duke. 
He consolidated his position by achieving the office of a "Vogt" protector over the Carinthian possessions of the Bishopric of Bamberg and the Patriarchate of Aquileia. Like his brother, he was stuck in territorial disputes with the Otakar margraves of Styria and local nobles like the counts of Heunburg and Ortenburg. About 1173, Herman married Agnes of Babenberg, daughter of Duke Henry II of Austria and widow of King Stephen III of Hungary. They had two known sons:

</doc>
<doc id="19454484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454484" title="Bismut connection">
Bismut connection

In mathematics, the Bismut connection formula_1 is the unique connection on a complex manifold that satisfies the following conditions,
Bismut has used this connection when proving a local index formula for the Dolbeault operator on non-Kähler manifolds. Bismut connection has applications in type II and heterotic string theory.
The explicit construction goes as follows. Let formula_6 denote the pairng of two vectors using the metric that is Hermitian w.r.t the complex structure, i.e. formula_7. Further let formula_1 be the Levi-Civita connection. Define first a tensor formula_9 such that formula_10. It is easy to see that this tensor is anti-symmetric in the first and last entry, i.e. the new connection formula_11 still preserves the metric. In concrete terms, the new connection is given by formula_12 with formula_13 being the Levi-Civita connection. It is also easy to see that the new connection preserves the complex structure. However, the tensor formula_9 is not yet totall anti-symmetric, in fact the anti-symmetrization will lead to the Nijenhuis tensor. Denote the anti-symmetrization as formula_15, with formula_16 given explicitly as
We show that formula_16 still preserves the complex structure (that it preserves the metric is easy to see), i.e. formula_19.
So if formula_21 is integrable, then above term vanishes, and the connection
gives the Bismut connection.

</doc>
<doc id="19454519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454519" title="Ariel Leader">
Ariel Leader

The Ariel Leader was a British motorcycle produced by Ariel Motorcycles between 1958 and 1965. A radical design, the Leader was fully enclosed with an integral windscreen and was the first British motorcycle to have optional flashing indicators. Ariel could not compete against Japanese imports and the last Ariel Leader was produced when the company closed in 1965.
Development.
Designed by Val Page and Bernard Knight, The Ariel Leader featured a 250 cc two-stroke engine suspended in a pressed 20-gauge steel 'backbone' frame, welded down the middle for strength. The fuel tank was hidden inside this structure and accessed by lifting the hinged dual seat. A dummy petrol tank was used for storage and was large enough to fit a spare crash helmet. It was the fully enclosed bodywork (first developed by Phil Vincent for the innovative Vincent Black Prince) that was most prominent, as none of the working parts of the motorcycle were visible. 
As well as a full body, the standard Leader features included a headlight trimmer, an extendable lifting handle for easy centrestand use, and a permanent windscreen mounting. Factory listed options included: integrated-design hard-luggage 'panniers', the first flashing indicators on a British motorcycle, a dash-mounted parking light, windscreen top-extension (adjustable on the move), a rear rack and a clock aperture built into a 'dashboard' (closed-off by an Ariel badge when not fitted).
Launch.
Launched in mid-1958, the Leader claimed to offer the comfort of a scooter with the performance of a motorcycle. At first it sold well, and it won the "Motor Cycle News" Motorcycle of the Year award in 1959. Ariel backed up the launch with a long list of options (unusual at the time), therefore few of the 22,000 Ariel Leaders produced were the same. Colour scheme were also a break with tradition, and included Oriental Blue or Cherry Red with Admiral Gray accents.
Ariel Arrow.
This was a cheaper, stripped Leader produced from 1959 and was developed into the Golden Arrow 'sport' version in 1963. 
A sister-machine designated Ariel Arrow 200 – with a smaller capacity of 200 cc, achieved by reducing the bore to 48  mm from 54 mm whilst retaining the same stroke – was available from 1964 to bring it into a lower tax band and benefit from lower UK rider insurance premiums. 
In his 1964 "Motor Cycle" road test, Bob Currie reported good performance, with an absolute top speed – with "rider lying flat, of course" – of 74 mph and a cruising speed which could be held at 60 mph.
The bike had the usual Arrow ivory background colour, but with the tank and chaincase finished in either 'aircraft' blue or British Racing Green, and tank badges denoting "Arrow 200". 
After the Ariel factory closure, in 1967 Ariel marketed its last motorcycle, the Arrow 200 produced for a time by BSA.
In 1960, a prototype Arrow with a four-stroke 349 cc twin-cylinder engine was made to sell alongside the Ariel Leader. The budget engine, designed by Val Page to do , was canted to fit the Arrow frame. Although it was thought the initial power output could have been increased to , development money ran out and the project was dropped.
Demise.
Ariel could not compete against Japanese imports. The Ariel factory closed in 1965, although the name remained under BSA to produce Ariel Arrows until 1967 and a commercially unsuccessful 49 cc banking trike named Ariel 3 in 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="19454540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454540" title="Pluxemburg">
Pluxemburg

Pluxemburg is an Independent record label based in Stockholm, Sweden. Founded in 2000 by the members of Pluxus, the former head of Slowball Records Jonas Sevenius and brothers Peter Ström and Martin Ström, the label has released records of Pluxus, Andreas Tilliander, Fibes, Oh Fibes! and Jeans Team. 
In 2004 Andreas Tilliander was awarded Best Dance/Club Album for his album "World Industries" at the Grammis Awards after being nominated both 2002 and 2003. The album also rendered two Manifest (The Swedish Independent Record Producers) Awards for Best Post Rock/Electronica and Best Dance/House/Techno.
The first version of the Pluxemburg website, designed by Peter Ström and Martin Ström was awarded Excellent Swedish Design in 2001.
Pluxemburg has been releasing several Jeans Team records in Scandinavia. In 2008 the Pluxus album "Solid State" was rereleased by Kompakt.

</doc>
<doc id="19454541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454541" title="1959 Individual Speedway World Championship">
1959 Individual Speedway World Championship

The 1959 Individual Speedway World Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19454543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454543" title="Wrestling at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 62 kg">
Wrestling at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 62 kg

The Men's Freestyle 62 kg at the 1976 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Maurice Richard Arena.
Tournament results.
The competition used a form of negative points tournament, with negative points given for any result short of a fall. Accumulation of 6 negative points eliminated the loser wrestler. When only three wrestlers remain, a special final round is used to determine the order of the medals.
Final.
Results from the preliminary round are carried forward into the final (shown in yellow).

</doc>
<doc id="19454546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454546" title="Ralph Ulveling">
Ralph Ulveling

Ralph Adrian Ulveling (May 9, 1902– March 21, 1980) was an influential American librarian best known for his support of intellectual freedom, interracial understanding, and the advancement of the library and information science profession. He is listed as one of the most important contributors to the library profession during the 20th century by the journal "American Libraries".
Education and early career.
Ulveling was born in Adrian, Minnesota.
Before relocating to Michigan, Ulveling served as Reference Assistant at the Newberry Library in Chicago from 1924–1926 and then as Librarian at the Potter County Library in Amarillo, Texas from 1926-1927.
He attended the prestigious School for Library Science at Columbia University in New York City from 1927-1928.
Career.
As Chief of Branches for the Detroit Public Library, Ulveling oversaw the creation of the Detroit system for self-book-charging and the opening of the Parkman Branch Library.
While serving as the Associate Director of the Detroit Public Library from 1934 to 1941 and as chairman of the Legislative Committee of the Michigan Library Association (MLA), Ulveling won the first state aid for libraries in Michigan from the Michigan legislature in 1937. As President of the MLA from 1937–1938, he was instrumental in the creation of the Michigan State Board for Libraries by the Michigan legislature. After his tenure as president of the MLA, Ulveling served on the Michigan State Board for Libraries from 1938-1939.
Ulveling oversaw the continued expansion of the Detroit Public Library system with the opening of the Mark Twain branch library in 1939 and the Bookmobile service in 1940. Soon after, Ulveling became Director of the Detroit Public Library in 1941, a position he would serve in for over 26 years.
In 1942, Ulveling helped form the Friends of the Detroit Public Library, a group of community leaders dedicated to advancing the DPL through fundraising and public awareness activities.
As President of the American Library Association (ALA) from 1945–1946, Ralph Ulveling served as member of the First U.S. National Commission for the United Nations Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Organization (UNESCO).
In 1957, Ulveling inadvertently created a nationwide censorship controversy when his disparaging remarks about "The Wizard of Oz" were printed in the "Lansing State Journal". Ulveling criticized the book's "negativism" and said that "instead of setting a high goal...it drags young minds down to a cowardly level". Leading national publications and the author's son Frank Joslyn Baum editorialized against Ulveling's comments. Ulveling responded that not adding new copies of the book was "not banning...it is selection."
Personal life.
Ralph Ulveling married the former Elizabeth Baer on December 16, 1939 and had three children, daughters Honor (b. 1942) and Ann (b. 1947), and son, Roger (b. 1943).

</doc>
<doc id="19454549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454549" title="List of Mystery Science Theater 3000 characters">
List of Mystery Science Theater 3000 characters

Over its eleven-year run, "Mystery Science Theater 3000" saw the arrival and departure of various characters. In addition, it also featured many recurring guest characters. Below is a listing of both the main characters and the recurring characters from the series.
Main characters.
1. Guest/cameo appearance only.
2. One episode only; Normally a mute character.

</doc>
<doc id="19454550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454550" title="Harry C. Egbert">
Harry C. Egbert

Harry Clay Egbert (January 3, 1839 - March 4, 1899) was an officer in the United States Army who served in the American Civil War, the Spanish-American War, and the Philippine-American War.
Born in Philadelphia, Egbert joined the 12th Infantry Regiment of the Army of the Potomac as a first lieutenant on September 23, 1861. During the American Civil War, Egbert participated in the Battles of Gaines Mills and Malvern Hills. He was taken prisoner twice, during the Battles of Cedar Mountain and Gettysburg, being exchanged once and escaping during Lee's retreat from Gettysburg. He was wounded in the Battle of Bethesda Church. He was promoted to captain on April 1, 1865.
After the Civil War, he remained in the army. It would be 25 years before his next promotion, to major on April 23, 1890.
Egbert was a lieutenant colonel at the start of the Spanish-American War. He commanded the 6th United States Infantry in the Santiago campaign until he was wounded in the Battle of El Caney on July 1, 1898. While still recovering, he was promoted to colonel of the 22nd United States Infantry. On October 1, 1898, he was made a Brigadier General of U.S. Volunteers.
He was then sent to the Philippines for the Philippine-American War, arriving in Manila on March 4, 1899. He was killed in action leading a charge against insurgents in Manila on March 23.
Harry Egbert is buried in Section 1 of Arlington National Cemetery with his wife, Ellen Young Egbert (1843–1913).
Fort Egbert (1899–1911) in Eagle, Alaska was named for him, as is Egbert Avenue in San Francisco, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19454556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454556" title="The Lillies">
The Lillies

The Lillies were an indie rock band formed as a collaboration between members of the bands Cocteau Twins (Simon Raymonde), Lush (Miki Berenyi, Chris Acland) and Moose (Kevin McKillop, Russell Yates).
They released only one song titled "And David Seaman Will Be Very Disappointed About That...", which appeared on a flexi-disc that came with the Tottenham Hotspur football fanzine "The Spur" (Issue 24, September 1991). The band members were all Tottenham fans, and recorded the track at the suggestion of Stuart Mutler, editor of "The Spur". 
The song commemorates the 3-1 victory over Arsenal FC in the FA Cup semi-final in May 1991. After rejecting suggestions that they should record a cover version of an old football song, such as "Nice One Cyril", they decided to come up with an original song. The only discernible vocals on the track are Miki Berenyi chanting "Three-one". Yates said of the track: "...we've all been Spurs fans for years, and for myself making this flexi has probably made me more proud than making any Moose record".

</doc>
<doc id="19454577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454577" title="Connoisseur Media">
Connoisseur Media

Connoisseur Media is a radio station holding company based in Westport, Connecticut that owns 36 radio stations in several markets around the United States.
History.
Connoisseur Media was founded in 2004 by Jeffrey Warshaw and Mike Driscoll. The first acquisition of the company involved several stations in Bloomington, IL. The company began with capital from hedge fund Farallon Capital, along with its founders. Through a combination of start-ups, move-ins, and acquisitions, Connoisseur Media has grown to 36 stations as of February 2014.
Company Portfolio.
Radio.
Billings, MT
Bloomington, IL
Erie, PA
Omaha, NE
Wichita, KS
Long Island, NY
Milford, CT
Trenton, NJ
Allentown, PA
Stroudsburg, PA

</doc>
<doc id="19454609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454609" title="MALINTENT">
MALINTENT

MALINTENT is technological system that was developed by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security to be implemented for detection of potential terrorist suspects.
The system does various test scanning for elevated blood pressure, rapid heart and breath rate, and non-verbal cues. According to the scientists, the MALINTENT system uses a barrage of non-invasive sensors and imagers to detect and evaluate a person's facial expressions to gauge whether he or she could be planning to commit an attack or crime. 
In its current development, it can recognize seven primary emotions and emotional clues and will eventually have equipment which can analyze full body movement, an eye scanner and a pheromone-reader.
If the sensors pick up anything considered alarming, analysts can decide whether to subject a person to questioning.

</doc>
<doc id="19454622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454622" title="Revolutionary Nationalist Groups">
Revolutionary Nationalist Groups

The Revolutionary Nationalist Groups (, GNR) were a French far-right organization which gathered the nationalist revolutionary tendency between 1976 and 1978. 
Founded by François Duprat and his friend, Alain Renault, they structured the radical tendency of the National Front (FN) after the rallying to the FN of the "Fédération d'Action Nationale et Européenne" (FANE) in 1974.
The GNR's newspaper.
The GNR's existence was at first restricted to the "Cahiers européens", a magazine launched in the frame of the New European Order, a neo-fascist Europe-wide alliance. Mark Fredriksen, leader of the "Fédération d'action nationale et européenne" (FANE), who was breaking with the New European Order, became co-director of the "Cahiers européens-Notre Europe" until May 1975.
The radical tendency of the National Front.
Jean-Marie Le Pen called for GNR members to take membership in the National Front in June 1974. The GNR disappeared following the assassination of Duprat on March 18, 1978. GNR activists broke the same year with the FN, joined with parts of the FN (in particular Michel Faci "Leloup", former member of the "Front national de la jeunesse", FNJ, the youth organization of the FN, and current member of the French and European Nationalist Party).
Neo-nazi members relaunched the FANE and its newspaper, "Notre Europe", while activists closer to the Third Position (Jacques Bastide and Patrick Gorre ) joined Jean-Gilles Malliarakis to found, on February 11, 1979, the Revolutionary Nationalist Movement ("Mouvement nationaliste révolutionnaire"), which became in 1985 Third Way ("Troisième Voie").

</doc>
<doc id="19454636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454636" title="Master's College of Theology">
Master's College of Theology

Master's College of Theology (MCT) is an ecumenical theological seminary located in Visakhapatnam in Andhra Pradesh, India. It is a ministry of Vision Nationals, founded in 1996.
Since 2003, MCT has been affiliated to the Senate of Serampore College. Along with Bethel Bible College, Guntur, MCT is one of two seminaries in the Andhra region to offer university-recognised graduate-level courses in theology.
Motto.
MCT's motto is "To equip the Nationals as Godly and Dynamic Leaders to serve as Stewards, Scholars, Teachers, Pastors and Evangelists to the Church at large with reference to the great commission." It is drawn from the Great Commission in Matthew 28:18-20.
College life.
MCT offers the degree of Bachelor of Divinity (B.D.). A usual day begins from 8am with worship in the chapel. Once a week fasting prayers are performed.

</doc>
<doc id="19454651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454651" title="Caballo Lake State Park">
Caballo Lake State Park

Caballo Lake State Park is a state park of New Mexico, United States, located south of Truth or Consequences on the Rio Grande. Caballo Lake was created in the 1930s when an earthen dam was built across the Rio Grande. The dam is tall and across. The size of the lake varies by season, but when the lake is full, it is over in area, and long, making it New Mexico's third largest lake. 
The primary attraction of the lake is fishing, with bass and walleye fishing most popular.

</doc>
<doc id="19454679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454679" title="Buffett Cup">
Buffett Cup

The Buffett Cup is a bridge trophy which is awarded biennially in an event between teams from Europe and the United States.
The tournament is modeled on the Ryder Cup golf competition and is held in the week preceding the golf event at a nearby location. The competition was first held in 2006 and is named after its sponsor, American businessman Warren Buffett. Teams are selected by invitation and must contain at least two female players. The competition format is a mixture of team of four, pairs and individual sessions with point-a-board scoring throughout.
Results.
2010 Cardiff, Wales.
USA won 109-89.
2008 Louisville, Kentucky, USA.
Europe won 205.5-172.5.
2006 Dublin, Ireland.
USA won by 23.

</doc>
<doc id="19454689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454689" title="Best of the Videos">
Best of the Videos

Best Of The Videos is a DVD featuring music videos by Def Leppard. This one-disc collection contains a total of 33 commercial single videos that helped jump the band to success after the release of their breakthrough 1983 album, "Pyromania". The "Bringin' On the Heartbreak" video featured on the compilation, is the 1984 version.
This DVD collection was released alongside its own compilation CD album, which included various songs that were not released as singles and singles that did not have music videos made for them.
Extra features.
There are 3 alternate versions of videos are access when a Def Leppard-style angular 'D' appears in the top right-hand side of the screen and the 'Play' button is pressed.

</doc>
<doc id="19454698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454698" title="Helena Percas">
Helena Percas

Helena Percas de Ponseti has been a writer, essayist, scholar, and professor. She received her undergraduate degree from the Institut Maintenon in Paris, France, her Master's Degree from Barnard College and her Doctorate from Columbia University in New York.
From 1948 to 1990 Percas was a Professor in the Spanish Department of Grinnell College, in Iowa, U.S. When she retired she was named Professor Emerita, and 10 years later, she established an annual award for the most outstanding senior in the Spanish Department, "Helena Percas de Ponseti Senior Award in Spanish" and created a fund for research in the area of Hispanic Culture. Furthermore, she donated to the college her valuable collection of books written by Latin American women.

</doc>
<doc id="19454701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454701" title="Larry Henley">
Larry Henley

Larry Henley is an American singer and songwriter, born June 30, 1937 in Arp, Texas. He is perhaps best known for co-writing (with Jeff Silbar) the 1989 hit record, "Wind Beneath My Wings". The single was a U.S. number one hit for Bette Midler, and has since totaled around six million radio airplays.
The song earned Henley and Silbar the Grammy Award for Song of the Year for 1989, and Bette Midler the Record of the Year award.
He was also the lead singer of pop group The Newbeats in the mid-1960s. The group had two hits that charted in the top 20 of Billboard magazine, one. "Bread and Butter", reaching No. 2 on the Billboard charts and selling over a million copies.
Henley has also composed a number of soundtracks in movies.

</doc>
<doc id="19454749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454749" title="Alice Bowe">
Alice Bowe

Alice Bowe is an English garden designer and columnist for The Times.
Bowe grew up in Dorking, Surrey before moving to the small village of Osgathorpe in Leicestershire at the age of 9.
After schooling at Loughborough High School in the East Midlands, Bowe trained in fine art at the Ruskin, Oxford University. She completed graduate studies in garden design and landscape architecture at the Oxford College of Garden Design.
Bowe was the winner of the BT Essence of an Entrepreneur award 2006 and a finalist in the Young Entrepreneur of the Year category at the Startups Awards in 2005.
Bowe features as a presenter on the BBC's RHS Chelsea Flower Show 2009 website.

</doc>
<doc id="19454758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454758" title="1958 Individual Speedway World Championship">
1958 Individual Speedway World Championship

The 1958 Individual Speedway World Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19454759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454759" title="Stickman Graphics">
Stickman Graphics

Stickman Graphics is an American publisher of graphic novels, prose fiction and how-to books.
The company is currently located in the Borough of Brooklyn in New York City.
Company history.
Stickman Graphics was originally founded by Kevin Tinsley as a graphic arts production studio servicing the publishing and comic book industries. As a result of an extensive period assisting in the digital transition of Marvel Comics’ production department, Tinsley published "Digital Prepress for Comic Books" in 1999.
After the initial success of this timely how-to book, Stickman Graphics transitioned into a publishing business model, and began publishing first-run graphic novel titles. In 2008, it attempted to broaden its market base by releasing an urban-fantasy prose novel called "Fruit of the Poisonous Vine", based upon its "Stonehaven" series of graphic novels.
Publications.
How-to/self-publishing
Released: 1999
softcover ISBN 0-9675423-0-8
"Digital Prepress for Comic Books" was published in November 1999. This professional level how-to book has a narrow focus on pre-production techniques geared specifically for printing comic artwork on an offset press. The basics of digital coloring and lettering are covered with an emphasis on trapping given the necessity of performing such production techniques simultaneously with the creative process of computer coloring and lettering.
graphic novel
Released: 2002
softcover ISBN 0-9675423-2-4
hardcover ISBN 0-9675423-1-6 
"The Festering Season" is a graphic novel published in 2002. This graphic novel is a supernatural-mystery about the daughter of a Vodou priestess in New York City as she investigates the murder of her mother. The story is highly polemical and particularly critical of the Giuliani administration. It received positive write ups in the media, including the "New York Times" and "Publishers Weekly".
"Stonehaven" is a series of graphic novels and prose novels set in a contemporary urban fantasy city of the same name, in which mythical creatures live openly alongside humans. The individual stories tend to be multi-genre (crime thrillers, adventure, mystery) within this fantasy environment and use a rotating ensemble cast of characters.
graphic novel
Released: 2004
softcover ISBN 0-9675423-4-0
hardcover ISBN 0-9675423-3-2 
The first book in the series, "Milk Cartons and Dog Biscuits" (graphic novel, 2004), is an introduction of the city through the eyes of an outsider. It follows a State Ranger (the equivalent of a marshal or state police trooper) from a rural area who travels to the city in search of his runaway daughter. Receiving no assistance from the Municipal Guard (the city police), he hires a disreputable half-elf private detective, named Victor Jardine, to help in his search. Their investigation brings them in conflict with the Chinese mob and a renegade werewolf, while introducing a number of recurring characters and institutions.
graphic novel
Released: 2006
softcover ISBN 0-9675423-6-7
hardcover ISBN 0-9675423-5-9 
"Subterranean Hearts", the second book in the series (graphic novel, 2006), is about an elven magic student attending Stonehaven University who must take a summer job at an extermination company in order to pay her tuition. This company employs magic-users, clerics and ex-military in order to deal with mor fantastical pests. An intersecting storyline involves Victor Jardine and mob enforcer Meili Mau (also introduced in first book) coming into conflict over a mentally disturbed teenager. The story culminates with all parties fighting for their lives against trolls in the city’s sewer system.
prose novel
Released: 2008
ISBN 978-0-9675423-7-9 
The third book in the series, "Fruit of the Poisonous Vine", is a prose novel (2008). This crime drama focuses on a police investigation of the murder of a barrister in possession of illegal blood donations. This book focuses on several secondary characters from previous titles, as well as introducing several new protagonists to the series. A central theme of the story focuses on the effect of magic and pagan faith healing has had on the medical profession.
References.
"Tales of the City". by Bill Baker, "Bakers Dozen", posted March 3, 2004;
http://www.worldfamouscomics.com/bakersdozen/back20040303.shtml

</doc>
<doc id="19454779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454779" title="Gérard Larcher">
Gérard Larcher

Gérard Larcher (born 14 September 1949) is a French politician who was President of the Senate of France from 2008 to 2011. A member of the center-right Union for a Popular Movement, he was a Senator for the Yvelines département from 1986 to 2004 and has been again since 2007.
Larcher was born in Flers, Orne to a Catholic family, but converted to Protestantism upon his marriage. He was a junior minister in the Ministry of Social Affairs and was the Mayor of Rambouillet from 1983 to 2004.
Following the September 2008 Senate elections, Larcher was endorsed for the position of President of the Senate by the majority UMP Parliamentary Group after a contest against former Prime Minister Jean-Pierre Raffarin. He was elected as President of the Senate on 1 October 2008 receiving 173 votes against 134 votes for Socialist candidate Jean-Pierre Bel.
Political career.
Governmental function
Minister of Labor Relations : 2004-2005.
Minister of Employment, Labor and for employability of young : 2005-2007.
Electoral mandates
Senate of France
President of the Senate of France : 2008-2011.
Vice-president of the Senate of France : 1997-2001.
Président of the Economic Affairs Commission in the Senate : 2001-2004.
Senator of Yvelines : 1986-2004 (Became minister in 2004) / And since 2007. Elected in 1986, reelected in 1995, 2007.
Regional Council
Regional councillor of Île-de-France : 1985-1989 (Resignation). Elected in 1986.
Municipal Council
Mayor of Rambouillet : 1983-2004 (Resignation) / Since 2007. Reelected in 1989, 1995, 2001, 2007, 2008.
Deputy-mayor of Rambouillet : 2004-2007 (Resignation).
Municipal councillor of Rambouillet : Since 1983. Reelected in 1989, 1995, 2001, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19454783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454783" title="Prevention through design">
Prevention through design

Prevention through design (PtD) is the concept of mitigating occupational hazards by "designing them out". This method for reducing workplace safety risks lessens workers' reliance on personal protective equipment. Each year in the U.S., 55,000 people die from work-related injuries and diseases, 294,000 are made sick, and 3.8 million are injured. The annual direct and indirect costs have been estimated to range from $128 billion to $155 billion. Recent studies in Australia indicate that design is a significant contributor in 37% of work-related fatalities; therefore, the successful implementation of prevention through design concepts can have substantial impacts on worker health and safety.
A history of prevention through design.
While engineering as a rule factors human safety into the design process, a modern appraisal of specific links to design and workers' safety can be seen in efforts beginning in the 1800s. Trends included the widespread implementation of guards for machinery, controls for elevators, and boiler safety practices. This was followed by enhanced design for ventilation, enclosures, system monitors, lockout/tagout controls, and hearing protectors. More recently, there has been the development of chemical process safety, ergonomically engineered tools, chairs, and work stations, lifting devices, retractable needles, latex-free gloves, and a parade of other safety devices and processes.
Integrating PtD concepts.
Prevention through design represents a shift in approach for on-the-job safety. It involves evaluating potential risks associated with processes, structures, equipment, and tools. It takes into consideration the construction, maintenance, decommissioning, and disposal or recycling of waste material.
The idea of redesigning job tasks and work environments has begun to gain momentum in business and government as a cost-effective means to enhance occupational safety and health. Many U.S. companies openly support PtD concepts and have developed management practices to implement them. Other countries are actively promoting PtD concepts as well. The United Kingdom began requiring construction companies, project owners, and architects to address safety and health during the design phase of projects in 1994. Australia developed the Australian National OHS Strategy 2002–2012, which set "eliminating hazards at the design stage" as one of five national priorities. As a result, the Australian Safety and Compensation Council (ASCC) developed the Safe Design National Strategy and Action Plans for Australia encompassing a wide range of design areas.

</doc>
<doc id="19454792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454792" title="USNS Lt. George W. G. Boyce (T-AK-251)">
USNS Lt. George W. G. Boyce (T-AK-251)

USNS "Lt. George W. G. Boyce" (T-AK-251) was a "Boulder Victory"-class cargo ship built for the U.S. Maritime Commission during the final months of World War II. 
She was acquired by the U.S. Army in 1946 as USAT "Lt. George W. G. Boyce" and served the Army until 1950 when she was acquired by the United States Navy during the start of the Korean War. After serving the Navy during the war and earning four battle stars, she continued serving the Navy's needs until 1973 when she was struck and subsequently scrapped.
Victory built in Maryland.
"Lt. George W. G. Boyce" (T AK 251) was laid down as "Waterville Victory" under Maritime Commission contract by Bethlehem Fairfield Shipyard, Inc., Baltimore, Maryland, 13 July 1945; launched 19 September 1945; sponsored by Mrs. Christine M. Roundy; and delivered to her operator, Parry Navigation Co., Baltimore, Maryland, 15 October 1945.
U.S. Army service.
"Waterville Victory" operated under the control of the War Shipping Administration until July 1946 when she was transferred to the Army Transportation Service and renamed USAT "Lt. George W. G. Boyce". She was inactivated in February 1950 and entered the Maritime Commission Reserve Fleet at Olympia, Washington.
U.S. Navy service.
Korean War service.
Following the Communist invasion of South Korea in June 1950, "Lt. George W. G. Boyce" underwent reactivation. She was acquired by the Navy from the Maritime Commission on 9 August and assigned to the Military Sea Transportation Service (MSTS). 
Manned by a civilian crew, she departed Seattle, Washington, 29 September and steamed to the Far East with military cargo. During much of the period in the Korean War, she bolstered the seaborne supply line between the United States and the Far East carrying supplies to ports in Japan, South Korea, Formosa, and Okinawa. In addition she supplied American bases in the Aleutian Islands.
Post-Korean War service.
On 25 January 1954 "Lt. George W. G. Boyce" departed Bangor, Washington, for MSTS duty in the Atlantic Ocean. She steamed via San Juan, Puerto Rico, to ports in West Germany and France, thence returned to New York City 30 March. During May and June she expanded her scope of operations to include ports in the Mediterranean. 
Over the next 6 years she maintained a busy, wide-ranging schedule of supply runs in support of the defense of the United States and the free world. In addition to numerous transatlantic voyages to ports in western Europe, she operated from Greenland to the troubled Middle East. In August and September 1957 and again in 1958 she made logistics runs to the Red Sea and the Indian Ocean. And she operated in the eastern Mediterranean during the summer of 1958 following American peacekeeping operations in troubled Lebanon.
Departing New York 14 January 1960, "Lt. George W. C. Boyce" sailed on a 6 month, round the world deployment which sent her via the Mediterranean and the Indian Ocean to ports in South Vietnam, Formosa, South Korea, Japan, and the Philippine Islands. Thence, after touching American bases in the Mariana Islands and the Marshall Islands, she returned to the U.S. East Coast 29 June and resumed transatlantic service. The veteran cargo ship made a second run to the Far East and back later that year, and from 22 April to 31 August 1961 she circumnavigated the earth for the second time in little more than a year.
During the next 2 years she cruised primarily to the Mediterranean and Europe with additional assignments sending her to the Caribbean and to the Pacific coast of the United States. From September 1963 to February 1964, she steamed via the west coast to the Far East and back to supply American forces in that unsettled area. She resumed transatlantic runs in April and In December deployed once again to the Far East.
Vietnam support.
Since 1964 "Lt. George W. G. Boyce" alternated supply runs to European and Middle Eastern ports with logistics deployments in support of America's growing commitment to the defense of South Vietnam from external Communist aggression. Her role In the defense of the free world is truly worldwide in scope and she cruised wherever and whenever needed to support keeping the peace operations of the versatile and powerful U.S. Navy. Into 1969 she continued her support of American military form in Southeast Asia in general and South Vietnam in particular.
Post-war decommissioning and career.
The vessel was placed out of service on 15 July 1973 and struck from the Navy List on the same day. She was placed in the reserve fleet, and, on 1 October 1974, sold for scrapping in Portland, Oregon.
Honors and awards.
"Lt. George W. G. Boyce" received four battle stars for service during the Korean War:
Qualified personnel were authorized the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19454797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454797" title="Tropical Storm Lester (2004)">
Tropical Storm Lester (2004)

Tropical Storm Lester was a weak tropical storm that paralleled the Mexican coastline in October 2004. The 16th tropical cyclone and 12th named storm of the 2004 Pacific hurricane season, Lester originated from an area of disturbed weather that persisted southwest of the Gulf of Tehuantepec. After organizing, the system was designated as a tropical depression on October 11. The depression was upgraded to a tropical storm the next day, and moved northwestward, just off the Mexican coastline. Due to the interaction with land among other factors, the storm degenerated on October 13. The storm dropped locally heavy rainfall, which caused minor flooding and mudslides. No fatalities or significant damage were reported.
Meteorological history.
By October 10, 2004, an area of disturbed weather was situated well to the southwest of the Gulf of Tehuantepec. Later that day, a surface low pressure system developed, and convection began to organize into slightly curved bands. The disturbance continued to in this manner, and at 1800 UTC on October 11, the low level circulation had become sufficiently organized to be designated as a tropical depression. At the time, the depression consisted of a well-defined circulation, with some deep thunderstorm activity. Despite weak steering currents, the system started what was initially thought to be a westward drift, though just a few hours later was found to be towards the northwest. A small cyclone, a burst of deep convection formed at around the same time, and was said could have produced tropical storm-force winds.
Continuing its slow, northwestward track under the weal steering currents of a weak mid-level ridge to its north, and a broad cyclonic circulation to its southwest, it was upgraded to Tropical Storm Lester at 1800 UTC on October 12. Originally, it was unclear whether the center of circulation would remain slightly offshore, or move inland. Due to the presence of a weak upper-level anticyclone that was centered just east of the system, favorable atmospheric conditions for strengthening prevailed, and the storm reached its peak intensity with winds of about 6–12 hours after being upgraded to a tropical storm. Early on October 13, radar imagery from Acapulco, Mexico indicated that Lester remained a small and well-organized cyclone as it passed just offshore. At the same time, light southwesterly wind shear began to develop. The interaction with land, combined with influence from the low to the southwest, started to weaken the storm, and it was downgraded to a tropical depression at 1200 UTC on October 13. By later that day, reports from an Air Force Reserve Unit Hurricane Hunter Aircraft indicated that the cyclone had degenerated into a trough on the northeastern side of the larger low to the southwest.
Preparations and impact.
On October 12, in response to Lester, the Mexican government issued a tropical storm watch for the coast between Punta Maldonado to Zihuatanejo. It was upgraded to a warning later that day. It was extended to Lázaro Cárdenas on October 13. Later that day, the warning was lifted when Lester dissipated. Lester brought rains to parts of Oaxaca and Guerrero, reaching . The highest 24-hour total peaked at , recorded on October 12. Localized flooding was likely caused by the storm, though no reports of deaths were received by the National Hurricane Center. However, the storm capsized two ships, and washed two more ashore. The heavy rain caused mudslides, which buried one man in his home; he was later rescued by his family. In and around the port of Acapulco, about 14 trees were downed, and minor pooling of water was reported.

</doc>
<doc id="19454808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454808" title="Sanrabb">
Sanrabb

Sanrabb is a Norwegian black metal musician and one of the founding members of black/death metal band Gehenna.
Biography.
Sanrabb formed Gehenna in 1993, together with Dolgar and Sir Vereda. He has participated on all of Gehenna's releases, both as a vocalist and as a guitarist. In addition to Gehenna, Sanrabb has played in several other extreme metal bands, and he has done session live guitars for bands such as Mayhem and Satyricon.

</doc>
<doc id="19454814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454814" title="Dybo's law">
Dybo's law

Dybo's law, or Dybo-Illič-Svityč's law, is a Common Slavic accent law named after Russian accentologists Vladimir Dybo and Vladislav Illich-Svitych.
According to the law, the accent was shifted rightward from a non-acute syllable (i.e. a long circumflex syllable, or a short syllable) to the following syllable if the word belonged to the non-mobile accentual paradigm. This produced the difference between the later accent classes A and B. The length of the previously-accented syllable remains. This is in fact the primary source of pre-tonic length in the later Slavic languages (e.g. Serbo-Croatian), because inherited Balto-Slavic vowel length had previously been shortened in pre-tonic syllables, without a change in vowel quality. (This caused the phonemicization of the previously automatic quality variations between short and long vowels — e.g. short *o vs. originally long *a.) When the newly stressed syllable was long, the accent was subsequently shifted leftward again by Stang's law, resulting in a neoacute accent.
Compare:

</doc>
<doc id="19454816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454816" title="The Macclesfield Academy">
The Macclesfield Academy

Macclesfield Academy is an Academy situated in Macclesfield, Cheshire. 
The Academy opened on 1 September 2011 following the decision of Cheshire East Council to close Macclesfield High School which had previously operated on the same site. It is built on the Macclesfield Learning Zone campus, sharing it with Macclesfield College, Park Lane Special School and various other facilities. Sponsored by Macclesfield College, the Academy is an independent school, funded by a funding agreement with the Department for Education. The Academy has approximately 50 teachers and 30 support staff who together serve a population of about 800 students.

</doc>
<doc id="19454818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454818" title="ACREM">
ACREM

Australian Citizens Radio Emergency Monitors Incorporated, or ACREM, is an Australian volunteer communications group whose primary role involves the monitoring of the Citizens Band Radio Service emergency channels. It is recognized formerly as a Public Benevolent Institution by the Australian Taxation Office (ATO), and is also endorsed as a deductible gift recipient (donations over $2 are tax deductible).
Mission statement.
ACREM provides a radio communications service for the community, travelers, community organizations, and government agencies in order to save lives, prevent injuries or loss of property, and provide assistance whenever and where ever possible. ACREM strives to establish and maintain a radio communications network of trained volunteers using any and all means available to deliver messages.
Objectives.
The "primary" objects of the association are:
The "secondary" objects of the association are:
History.
ACREM is an offshoot of the group ACRM (Australian Citizen Radio Movement), which was originally formed in South Australia in 1974 to help petition the Australian Government for the legalization of the then still illegal CB band. CB users in Australia quickly realized the benefits of reporting emergencies via the CB emergency channels rather than searching for a public telephone.
ACRM soon spread across Australia, and following the legalization of the CB band in 1977 ACRM officially changed to become the Australian Citizen Radio Monitors, concentrating solely on the monitoring of the CB emergency channels.
In 1982 ACRM in Queensland decided to add the word "Emergency" to their name, and so ACREM was created. ACRM continued to operate in other states, including New South Wales. By 1997 there were members of ACRM (NSW), ACRM (SA) and ACREM (Qld) operating in NSW. This fragmentation caused problems for all members and prevented ACRM from gaining any widespread support in NSW.
In December 1997 members from ACRM (NSW) and ACREM (Qld) reformed into a single group known as ACREM-NSW (Australian Citizens Radio Emergency Monitors). The reformed group allowed members to focus their attention towards the same goals and saw ACREM-NSW gain a number of new operators. In 2006, following the closure of ACREM in Queensland, the New South Wales based ACREM once again restructured to form a national based group known as Australian Citizens Radio Emergency Monitors Incorporated. The organization incorporated in New South Wales under the Associations Incorporation Act (New South Wales), and was also registered as an Australian Registrable Body through the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC) to enable it to legally operate in all states of Australia.
Saving Lives.
Since its inception ACREM monitors have responded to many thousands of calls, many of which concern potentially life threatening emergencies. Even with the proliferation of mobile telephone and modern communication technology, CB is still widely used in many regions and calls for emergency assistance do still occur. In February 1998 the Lower Hunter branch of ACREM made the news when a member, assisted by another CB operator that would later join ACREM, provided a relay for SES Rescue and Ambulance crews attending to an injured youth in the Barrington Tops region of NSW. In an article appearing in a local newspaper it was reported:
Due to difficulties with radio communications most of the messages had to be relayed from the rescue party via CB to ambulance control in Newcastle.
Adam and another CB operator and an Australian Citizens Radio Emergency Monitors member, Mr Martin Howells, of Cessnock, provided communications support for Barrington Guest House staff, ambulance control and Dungog SES volunteers.
Representing CBers.
From 1997 ACREM commenced actively representing the CB hobbyists of Australia to Government agencies and departments. Probably the most widely publicized of these was the opposition to Broadband over Power Line Communications, or BPL. BPL is a system of sending broadband internet over the electrical powerlines using HF radio frequencies. ACREM, and a significant number of other organizations, strongly opposed BPL stating that the frequencies used would radiate and cause interference to any HF radio users nearby.
ACREM took the argument direct to the computer users when an article appeared in a popular computer magazine. The article presented the arguments for and against BPL, with ACREM State Coordinator, Martin Howells, quoted as saying:
Power lines tend to radiate the HF frequencies just like a giant 'long-wire' antenna.
ACREM continued its campaign against BPL through a number of submissions to the ACMA and various Ministers of the Australian and NSW Governments.
ACREM also made significant submissions on a number of other matters affecting CB users in Australia, including the utilization of CB monitoring groups in an Australian version of the successful US AMBER Alert system.
First Aid Training.
In 2008 ACREM launched a Public Education program aimed at encouraging more people in the community to gain a first aid qualification, therefore helping people to save lives. With some first aid courses costing in excess of A$100, ACREM volunteers vowed to offer cheaper training in the hope that more people will be able to afford this training.

</doc>
<doc id="19454825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454825" title="Rugeley power stations">
Rugeley power stations

The Rugeley power stations are a series of two coal-fired power stations located on the River Trent at Rugeley in Staffordshire. The first power station on the site, Rugeley A power station was opened in 1961, but has since been closed and demolished. Rugeley B power station was commissioned in 1970 and is still operating. It has an output of 1,000 megawatts (MW) and has a 400 kilovolt (kV) connection to the national grid. The B station provides enough electricity to power roughly half a million homes.
History.
Construction of the A station started in 1956. The station's generating sets were commissioned between 1961 and 1962. The station was the first joint venture between the Central Electricity Generating Board (CEGB) and the National Coal Board (NCB). The station took coal directly from the neighbouring Lea Hall Colliery by conveyor belt. This was the first such arrangement in Britain. The colliery was put into production some 6 months before the first generating unit was commissioned in the power station. The station was officially opened on 1 October 1963 by Lord Robens of Woldingham and Sir Christopher Hinton.
The first of the five cooling towers to be completed at Rugeley in 1960 was the world's first large dry cooling tower, and the first large scale experiment with a design aimed at eliminating water loss. On occasions this tower was used by the RAF for parachute development. Rugeley A was also the first power station in Britain to be controlled entirely from a central control room. The total cost of building it was £30 million.
Construction of Rugeley B power station began in 1970, with completion of the station in 1972. With both stations in operation, 850 people were employed at the stations in 1983.
The two stations were initially operated by the Central Electricity Generating Board, but following privatisation in 1990, were handed over to National Power. The Lea Hall colliery was closed on 24 January 1991, meaning all coal burned in the stations needed to be delivered by rail. A couple of years later the closure of the A station began. Two of the station's generating units were decommissioned in 1994, with the other three following in 1995. Having burned nearly 42 million tonnes of coal in its lifetime, the station was demolished later in 1995.
Construction of a Flue Gas Desulfurization plant started in early 2007 and it was commissioned at the B station in 2009. This will allow the station to comply with environmental legislation and continue to generate electricity for a further 25 years or more.
146 people are currently employed in the station.
In March 2012 Rugeley Power Ltd announced it would be considering a conversion to run using biomass fuel. In December 2013, Rugeley Power Ltd said they have scrapped the proposed biomass conversion.
Design and specification.
A station.
The station had five 120 MW generating sets which gave it a generating capacity of 600 megawatts.
B station.
The Rugeley B station uses two 500 MW generating sets, which can produce 8,760,000 MWh each year. The station usually burns 1.6 million tonnes of coal a year, producing 240,000 tonnes of ash. The station's boilers produce 1,100 tonnes of steam per hour, at a temperature of 568 degrees Celsius.

</doc>
<doc id="19454831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454831" title="Edson Izidoro Guimarães">
Edson Izidoro Guimarães

Edson Isidoro Guimarães (born 1957) is a Brazillian nursing assistant and convicted serial killer. He confessed to five murders of which he was convicted of four, but is suspected of committing up to 131 in total. He claimed that he chose patients whose conditions were irreversible and who were in pain.
Crimes.
Guimarães worked as a nurse in the Salgado Filho Hospital in the Méier district of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. He was caught in 1999 when a hospital porter saw Guimarães fill a syringe with potassium chloride and inject a comatose patient who immediately died. The police were informed and a higher than average death rate on his ward increased their suspicions. On his arrest he confessed to five murders. He told a television reporter prior to his trial, "I don't regret what I did", adding "I did it to those in irreversible comas and whose families were suffering."
He was convicted on February 21, 2000, of the murders of four patients and sentenced to 76 years in prison. He is thought to have killed up to 131 patients between January 1 and May 4, 1999. He told reporters: "The oxygen mask was taken away, yes. There were five patients that this happened to... I chose the patients I saw suffering, generally patients with AIDS, patients who were almost terminal. I am in peace because the patients were in a coma and had no way of recovering."
One possible motive for the murders is thought to be the fact that he was paid $60 a time to inform local funeral homes of a patient's death so that they could contact the deceased's relatives. According to Josias Quintal, Rio's secretary for public security, "He may have begun doing it to earn money and then just lost control".

</doc>
<doc id="19454856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454856" title="Monasterio de San Francisco">
Monasterio de San Francisco

Monasterio de San Francisco in Santo Domingo de Guzmán, Dominican Republic, is a monastery that was built around 1508, with the arrival of the Franciscan fathers. The ruin is one of most important of the city. It is located in the Zona Colonial of Santo Domingo and has been declared a "heritage Dominican".
History.
The Monastery of San Francisco was one of the works of Nicolás de Ovando. Construction began with the arrival of the Franciscan fathers around 1508. It was the first monastery in the New World. The monastery was later hit by a hurricane.
Construction began on the main part of the church in 1544 and was completed on July 23, 1556. In 1586 it was sacked by Francis Drake. Repairs were completed in 1664, but according to historians, the building was damaged by earthquakes in 1673 and 1751.
According to historians, Alonso de Ojeda was buried at the main entrance to the monastery. His remains were moved to the former Convento Dominico on October 12, 1942. Also found were the remains of Bartholomew Columbus.
During the Battle of Palo Hincado (1808) against the French, a piece of artillery was deployed on the roof. The vault was cut, and a timber platform was constructed.
The building was used as a mental asylum from the 1880s until the 1930s. A hurricane at that time caused a lot of damage, which was never repaired. Currently, the ruins are used for social and cultural events and are cared for and protected by law and by the county of Efemérides.

</doc>
<doc id="19454859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454859" title="RMIT School of Computer Science and Information Technology">
RMIT School of Computer Science and Information Technology

RMIT's School of Computer Science and Information Technology is an Australian tertiary education school within the College of Science Engineering and Health at the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology (RMIT University) in Melbourne, Victoria. The current Head of School is Prof. Athman Bouguettaya.
Location.
The school is located in Building 14 (levels 8 to 11) in Swanston Street at the RMIT City campus. Previously the school was located in Building 10 at RMIT's City campus and also part of the school was located at RMIT's Bundoora campus.
History.
The first computer at RMIT, an Elliott Automation model 803, was acquired at the instigation of the Department of Mathematics during the early 1960s, and located on the ground floor of Storey Hall.
The School of Computer Science and Information Technology (which has had several names) became a separate academic department of RMIT in 1980. The first PhD in Computer Science awarded at RMIT was in 1988 to Dr Alan Kent for his thesis on "File access methods based on descriptors and superimposed coding".
In 1990, the Multimedia Database Systems group within the school became a research centre led by Professor Ron Sacks-Davis. Following the development of TeraText (a non-relational text database system), the commercial arm of the group (including TeraText) was in 2001 spun off into a separate company, InQuirion. RMIT subsequently sold TeraText and InQuirion to SAIC in 2006.
Programs.
The following programs are all offered on the city campus in Melbourne. Some of the school's undergraduate degrees are also offered through RMIT Vietnam in Ho Chi Minh City, Taylor's University College in Kuala Lumpur, and online through Open Universities Australia.
Industry Partners.
Industry partners of the school include: ACS, HP and IBM.

</doc>
<doc id="19454862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454862" title="Brendon de Jonge">
Brendon de Jonge

Brendon de Jonge (born 18 July 1980) is a professional golfer from Zimbabwe. He currently plays on the PGA Tour.
Professional career.
De Jonge played on the Nationwide Tour from 2004 to 2006 and 2008. He earned his 2007 PGA Tour card at Q-school. He finished 155th on the money list in 2007, losing his tour card. In 2008 he finished second on the Nationwide Tour money list and earned his 2009 PGA Tour card. He did this by winning the Xerox Classic and recording a runner up finish and three third place finishes. He won the 2008 Nationwide Tour Player of the Year. 
De Jonge finished 139th on the money list in 2009, which initially gave him conditional status for 2010. He earned a full tour card through PGA Tour Qualifying School. In 2010 De Jonge had his most successful year to date, with 7 top ten finishes taking him to 34th on the money list.
Results in major championships.
DNP = Did not play
CUT = missed the half-way cut
"T" indicates a tie for a place
Yellow background for top-10
Team appearances.
Amateur
Professional

</doc>
<doc id="19454868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454868" title="1957 Individual Speedway World Championship">
1957 Individual Speedway World Championship

The 1958 Individual Speedway World Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19454876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454876" title="Chronology of the Indiana Dunes">
Chronology of the Indiana Dunes

The Indiana dunes have been a cross road of activity since the glacier receded. Great explorers such as Jacques Marquette and René-Robert Cavelier, Sieur de La Salle traversed this area. As early as 1862, the area was noted for its unique natural resources. At the start of the 20th century, the dunes were a living laboratory for scientist studying plants, animals, and the changes in the land. The first ecologist (Henry Chandler Cowles) did their pioneering work here.
A student of Cowles, O. D. Frank continued Cowle's studies. A museum honoring his work called the Hour Glass is located in Ogden Dunes. Many citizens and politicians have helped to preserve parts of the Indiana Dunes.

</doc>
<doc id="19454892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454892" title="WJBZ-FM">
WJBZ-FM

WJBZ-FM (96.3 FM, "Praise 96.3") is a radio station licensed to serve Seymour, Tennessee. The station is owned by Seymour Communications. It airs a Southern Gospel music format.
WJBZ-FM was started by J. Bazell Mull, a preacher and the founder of the Mull Singing Convention program. The station was known for its simulcast of WBIR-TV newscasts.
The station was assigned the WJBZ-FM call letters by the Federal Communications Commission on August 28, 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="19454900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454900" title="Craig King">
Craig King

Craig Stuart King (born 16 October 1990) is a footballer played as a striker or as a Winger for Buxton.
Club career.
Born in Chesterfield, Derbyshire, King started his career at Leicester City where he came through their youth academy alongside Joe Mattock, Max Gradel, Andy King (unrelated) and Luke O'Neill, he signed a two-year pro-contract on 2 September 2008.
King made a match squad for the 1st time in Leicester's 3–0 Johnstone's Paint Trophy victory over Hartlepool United, however he was an unused substitute on that occasion. However he did make his debut the following round as a half time substitute replacing Steve Howard against Lincoln City.
On 17 September 2009, King joined Hereford United on a one month loan,and scored within six minutes of his debut in a 2–0 win over Accrington Stanley. On Monday 19 October, King extended his loan at Hereford until the end of the current season.
On 11 November 2010, King Northampton Town on a one-month loan deal.
On 21 May 2011 he was released from Leicester City and in June joined AFC Telford United.
International career.
On May 18, 2009 King was called up to the Scotland under-19 squad for the UEFA European Championships Elite round, to be held at Bramall Lane, Sheffield.

</doc>
<doc id="19454941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454941" title="Cacela">
Cacela

Cacela may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19454945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454945" title="Comment ça va">
Comment ça va

"Comment ça va" (French for "How do you do?") is a 1983 pop song by Dutch boy band The Shorts.
The song deals about a boy who meets a French girl, but they can't understand each other because they speak different languages.
It was originally written in English by Dutch composer and producer Eddy de Heer, but EMI insisted on a Dutch version. The Dutch version was released as a single, but was neglected by the official Dutch radio stations. After 10,000 singles were sold, with only airplay on pirate radio, the official radio stations started playing the song and it went to the number one spot in the Dutch Top 40. It quickly became an international hit, selling about 4 million singles, with versions in English, German, French and Spanish.
Ingela "Pling" Forsman wrote lyrics in Swedish, also named "Comment ça va", which was recorded by Kikki Danielsson and released on the album "Singles Bar" in 1983, and as a single with "Du skriver dina kärlekssånger" as B-side. With her recording, Kikki Danielsson scored a hit in the Nordic region in mid 1983, peaking at #3 on the Norwegian singles chart.
Norwegian singer Bente Lind also recorded a Norwegian version of the song in 1983.
In Hungary it was first performed in the mid 1980s by the Fáraó Band (in Hungarian, only keeping in French the refrain: Comment ça va; Comme ci, comme ci, comme ça), then, after its high popularity by other performers as well (e.g. György Korda and Klári Balázs).
References.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="19454960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454960" title="Salt pruning">
Salt pruning

Salt pruning is the process by which saline mists generated by seawater are driven ashore by winds and thus over time alter the shape of trees or shrubs. The process degrades foliage and branches on the windward side of the plant that faces the body of saline water, more than it does the foliage on the landward side. The resultant growth form is asymmetrical, appearing "swept back" away from the ocean.
Examples.
There are numerous examples worldwide of this phenomenon. In the eastern United States on Long Island occurrences of salt-pruned "Quercus stellata" are observable in Flax Marsh. In San Diego County, California, a colony of "Pinus torreyana" has been salt-pruned by spray from the Pacific Ocean.
The logo of the Torrey Pines Golf Course in La Jolla, California, features a salt-pruned Torrey pine.

</doc>
<doc id="19454967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454967" title="Cimarron Canyon State Park">
Cimarron Canyon State Park

Cimarron Canyon State Park is a state park of New Mexico, United States, located east of Eagle Nest in the Colin Neblett Wildlife Area. The park is popular for trout fishing in the Cimarron River and its tributaries, Clear Creek and Tolby Creek. The park also has numerous trails, which are used for hiking in the summer and snow shoeing in the winter. Cimarron Canyon State Park has 94 developed campsites, and four restrooom facilities. Throughout the year, you can expect to see Deer, Elk, Bear, Turkey, and many species of birds. 
The park extends for along the Cimarron Canyon between Tolby Creek and Ute Park. The Palisades Sill forms spectacular cliffs above the Cimarron River here.

</doc>
<doc id="19454994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454994" title="An Englishman in New York (film)">
An Englishman in New York (film)

An Englishman in New York is a 2009 biographical drama film that chronicles the English gay writer Quentin Crisp's later years spent in New York City. It is a follow-up to the 1975 TV movie "The Naked Civil Servant", with John Hurt reprising his role as Crisp. The film takes its title from "Englishman in New York", a song about Crisp written by Sting for his 1987 album "...Nothing Like the Sun".
Plot.
The film follows Quentin Crisp’s move in the late 1970s from London to New York City, where he was embraced by celebrities and artists.
Awards.
In 2010, "An Englishman in New York" was nominated for a GLAAD Media Award for "Outstanding TV Movie or Mini-Series" during the 21st GLAAD Media Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="19454999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19454999" title="Joe Stansberry">
Joe Stansberry

Joe Stansberry (born March 17, 1956) is an American professional golfer.
Stansberry was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota. He attended the University of New Mexico, and turned professional in 1980 before regaining his amateur status in 1993. He then had a successful amateur career which included winning the 2003 Minnesota State Open and a semi-final appearance in the 1997 U.S. Amateur Public Links Championship. He turned professional again when he turned 50 in 2006 and tried to qualify for the Champions Tour. He failed to win a place on the tour, but has played in a few tournaments, recording a best finish of tied for 26th at the 2008 3M Championship.
Despite not making onto the Champions Tour, Stansberry has had some success as a senior, including victories at the 2008 Colorado Senior Open and the 2009 Texas Senior Open.

</doc>
<doc id="19455018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455018" title="Bistër">
Bistër

Peskovi or Bistër (; Serbian Cyrillic and , "Peskovi") is a mountain in the Šar Mountains range, located between Kosovo and the Republic of Macedonia. Bistër is high. It is the second highest mountain in Kosovo after Đeravica at . Several lakes are found on the Kosovan side.
Notes and references.
Notes:
References:

</doc>
<doc id="19455045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455045" title="Iman (comics)">
Iman (comics)

Imán (), whose real name is Diego Irigoyen, is a fictional superhero from DC Comics who was created as part of the "Planet DC" annuals event. His first appearance is in "Superman Annual" (vol.) 2 #12 (August 2000). He was created by Oscar Pinto, Giovanni Barberi and F.G. Haghenbeck.
Fictional character biography.
Diego Irigoyen was a brilliant student in Mexico City. He was a recipient of a scholarship to Yale University from Wayne Enterprises, and wrote his doctoral thesis on astronomy and super heroes. He was later employed by S.T.A.R. Labs as an astronaut. While in outer space, Diego's mother was kidnapped and murdered. Irigoyen, on his return, pledged to use his genius to serve the cause of justice, and built for himself a powerful exoskeleton that granted him superhuman strength and resistance to injury. He greatly admires Superman, whose ideals Imán has said he tries to live up to. He often teams up with fellow Mexican superheroes El Muerto and Acrata, such as when the three of them (along with Superman) saved Mexico and the world from total destruction at the hands of a bio-terrorist group led by a Mexican sorcerer named Duran, who was trying to channel the powers inherent in the ley lines of Earth.
During "Final Crisis", Imán was seen fighting as part of the human resistance against Darkseid.

</doc>
<doc id="19455051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455051" title="Dinsmore &amp; Shohl">
Dinsmore &amp; Shohl

Dinsmore is a large U.S. law firm headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio. According to the National Law Journal, it is the 108th largest law firm in the United States. The firm consists of more than 475 attorneys practicing in 13 cities throughout Ohio, Kentucky, Pennsylvania, West Virginia and Washington D.C. 
History.
Dinsmore & Shohl LLP was founded in 1908 by Frank Dinsmore, a Harvard Law School graduate, and Walter Shohl, a graduate of Cincinnati Law School (now known as University of Cincinnati College of Law).
The partners took a leading role in two of the most sensational trials in Cincinnati history: the criminal trials of George B. Cox for violation of state banking laws. In the country's notorious era of "bossism," Cox controlled 25,000 votes in Cincinnati, one of America's largest cities at the time. Historians claim that "no one in Cincinnati could hope to hold office without Cox's approval - even presidents vied for his approval." The state of Ohio charged Cox and 10 other former directors and officials of Cox's defunct bank, the Cincinnati Trust Co., with willful misapplication of bank funds and other charges. In two trials during the summer of 1913, Dinsmore and Shohl won acquittals for Cox on all charges.
Ironically, 73 years after the Cox trials, the firm ended up on the other side of Ohio's misapplication of bank funds statute. The firm's lawyers took the lead in prosecuting the criminal trial following the collapse of Home State Savings Bank of Cincinnati in the great savings and loan crisis. Ohio Attorney General Anthony Celebrezze, Jr. appointed Lawrence Kane as Special Prosecutor to convene a grand jury and investigate the Home State collapse. Kane and a team of the firm's lawyers successfully prosecuted the criminal charges in what was, at that time, the longest criminal trial in Hamilton County history, stretching from November 1986 to March 1987. Local financier Marvin Warner, a former Ambassador to Switzerland, was among those found guilty and sent to prison.
Just prior to World War II, the firm handled a top-secret matter for the government: the siting of the Wright Aeronautical Plant on what is now General Electric in Evendale. This facility would employ 20,000 by 1942 and manufacture the aircraft engines responsible for much of the bombing during the war. Dinsmore & Shohl attorneys handled the massive title work involving hundreds of parcels, all in total secrecy.
After the war, the firm expanded in a number of areas, including litigation and liability. Massive wage hour litigation was handled in Milan, Tennessee, for the Procter & Gamble Defense Corporation. The firm managed National Labor Relations Act cases for Procter & Gamble, as well as early product liability cases.
Dinsmore & Shohl also broadened its reach as Procter & Gamble expanded into foreign markets. Attorneys formed companies throughout the world, providing an essential support to the establishment of Procter & Gamble’s vast international business in the 1950s through the 1970s. As legal practices became increasingly specialized during this same period, the firm's experience with Procter & Gamble helped its own business, transactional, tax and real estate practice areas. In 2006, for example, the firm represented long-time client Bob Castellini in his acquisition of the Cincinnati Reds from financier Carl Lindner.
In the 1980s, the firm expanded into tort litigation, starting with the Rely (brand) tampons, Toxic Shock Syndrome cases for Procter & Gamble and the Bendectin birth defect cases for Merrell Dow Pharmaceuticals. During this period, the firm also handled insurance coverage work for Liberty Mutual Insurance Company. Additional work involved Dow Corning breast implants, the diet drug Fen-phen, Brown & Williamson tobacco and popcorn flavoring.
The firm continues to serve a large number of companies, from Fortune 500 international conglomerates to small businesses, non-profit organizations and entrepreneurs.
Growth.
The firm first ventured beyond Cincinnati when it opened an office in the neighboring Clermont County in 1979. In the 1980s, offices were opened in Dayton and Columbus, Ohio. In the late 1990s, Dinsmore & Shohl expanded into Louisville and Lexington, Kentucky. In 2002, offices were established in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, and Charleston, West Virginia. Two more West Virginia locations, Morgantown and Wheeling, were added in 2007. In 2009, a third office was opened in Kentucky in the state capital of Frankfort. On July 22, 2011, Dinsmore & Shohl announced the opening of an office in Washington, D.C. In late January 2012, the firm opened an office in Philadelphia, becoming their 14th office and second location in Pennsylvania.
Several mergers have helped fuel Dinsmore & Shohl's growth. In 2003, the law firm of Killworth, Gottman, Hagan & Schaeff LLP, headquartered in Dayton, Ohio was merged with Dinsmore & Shohl, significantly expanding the firm's intellectual property practice. In 2008, Dinsmore & Shohl added to its corporate and tax practices through a merger with Chernesky, Heyman & Kress, P.L.L., also located in Dayton. In 2009, Woodward, Hobson & Fulton, L.L.P. merged with Dinsmore & Shohl, expanding the firm's presence in Kentucky.
Practice areas.
The firm has more than 55 law practices including corporate regulations surrounding labor, employment, securities and immigration, telecom and media, criminal law, and financial law services relating to estates and taxes. It also provides lobbying services via its Washington, DC office. 

</doc>
<doc id="19455095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455095" title="Shawn Sturgeon">
Shawn Sturgeon

Shawn Sturgeon (born 1965) is a poet and professor. He was educated at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln and did postgraduate work in English at the University of North Texas (MA) and the University of Cincinnati (PhD).
His first collection of poems, "Either/Ur", was called a "remarkable poetry collection" in the "The Antioch Review". It was a finalist for the "Paris Review" Prize (2000) and a semi-finalist for the Academy of American Poets/Walt Whitman Award (2001). Selected by Andrew Hudgins, it was published by River City Publishing in 2002, with an introduction by Richard Howard and was a finalist for the Independent Publisher Book Award (2003).
His work has appeared in "Literary Review", "The New Republic", "The Paris Review", "Western Humanities Review", "Witness", "Pleiades", "Willow Springs" and "StoryQuarterly". He has taught at the University of Cincinnati, the Art Academy of Cincinnati, and Emory University where he was Creative Writing Fellow in Poetry from 2001-2003. He was a Charles Phelps Taft Fellow and studied Mexican literature and culture while living in Mexico, and a Tennessee Williams Scholar and Walter Dakin Fellow at the .
Currently, he is Associate Dean at Rochester Institute of Technology Croatia.

</doc>
<doc id="19455105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455105" title="1956–57 DFB-Pokal">
1956–57 DFB-Pokal

The DFB-Pokal 1956–57 was the 14th season of the competition. It began on 1 April 1957 and ended on 29 December 1957. 4 teams competed in the tournament of two rounds. In the final Bayern Munich defeated Fortuna Düsseldorf 1 – 0, thereby winning their first title.

</doc>
<doc id="19455107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455107" title="Vicente L. Rafael">
Vicente L. Rafael

Vicente L. Rafael is a professor of Southeast Asian history at the University of Washington, Seattle. He received his B.A. in history and philosophy from Ateneo de Manila University in 1977 and his Ph.D. in history at Cornell University in 1984. Prior to teaching at the University of Washington, Rafael taught at the University of California, San Diego and the University of Hawaii at Manoa. Currently, he sits on advisory boards of Cultural Anthropology, Public Culture, and positions.
Research.
Rafael has researched and taught on Southeast Asia, particularly the Philippines, comparative colonialism, particularly of Spain and the United States, and comparative nationalism. Though a historian, he has also focused on the related fields of cultural anthropology and literary studies and pursued topics ranging from language and power, translation and religious conversion, technology and humanity, and the politics and poetics of representation.
Publications.
In 1993, Duke University Press published "Contracting Colonialism: Translation and Christian Conversion in Tagalog Society Under Early Spanish Rule", in which Rafael examined the role of language and translation in the religious conversion of Tagalogs to Catholicism during the early period of Spanish rule of the Philippines. In 1995, Temple University Press published a collection he edited entitled "Discrepant Histories: Translocal Essays on Filipino Cultures" that studied a number of issues in the formation of the Philippine nation-state and translocal Filipino cultures. In 1999, Cornell University Press published "Figures of Criminality in Indonesia, the Philippines, and Colonial Vietnam", a collection of essays on the relationships between criminality and colonial state formation. In 2000, Duke University Press published his "White Love and Other Events in Filipino History", a challenging of traditional, epic narratives of Filipino history and especially the emergence of revolutionary nationalism. His most recent work is "The Promise of the Foreign: Nationalism and the Technics of Translation in the Spanish Philippines", also published by Duke University Press, in 2005. Its main argument is that translation was crucial to the emergence of Filipino nationalism, a mechanism from which was issued the promise of nationhood.

</doc>
<doc id="19455110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455110" title="Peter van der Veer">
Peter van der Veer

Peter van der Veer is a Dutch anthropologist who has made important contributions to the study of Indian religion and society. Formerly Professor of Comparative Religion and Director of the Religion and Society Research Centre at the University of Amsterdam, van der Veer is currently University Professor at Utrecht University.
He is Editor of the Routledge series "Zones of Religion" and holds editorial positions at several scholarly journals including "Eastern Anthropologist", "Public Culture", "Cultural Dynamics", "Ethnos", and "MERA-Journal".
Van der Veer was born in 1953, in Groningen, Netherlands, and received his doctorate from the Utrecht University in 1986. He is a member of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences (KNAW), from which he received the Dr Hendrik Muller Prize for Behavioural and Social Sciences in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19455135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455135" title="1996 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships – Singles">
1996 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships – Singles

Thomas Enqvist was the defending champion but did not compete that year.
Fernando Meligeni won in the final 6–4, 6–2 against Mats Wilander.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="19455145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455145" title="Krumdiack Homestead">
Krumdiack Homestead

Krumdiack Homestead (also known as the Cook Property) is located on the northern coast of Waldron Island, Washington between Fishery Point and Point Hammond.
It was built in 1890 by Friedrich Krumdiak. The site was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="19455151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455151" title="Flag and coat of arms of Terengganu">
Flag and coat of arms of Terengganu

The flag and the coat of arms of Terengganu are state symbols of Terengganu, a state in Malaysia. Like the majority of state symbols for states with Malay royalties, the flag and the arms of Terengganu centre around its royalty, as well as Islam, the state's traditional religious.
Flag.
Design.
First unfurled in 1953, the present flag of Terengganu encompasses a black flag with a thick, white border and a white star and crescent in the centre that points towards the fly. The width of the crescent is five-sixths the width of the black panel, while the width of the star, which is tilting clockwise, is two-thirds that of the crescent.
The white signifies the Sultan of Terengganu, while the black signifies the state's citizens; with the white border surrounding the black panel, the layout represents the Sultan's duty to protect his subjects. The star and crescent denote Islam as the official religion of the state.
In October 2006, then "Menteri Besar" of Terengganu, Idris Jusoh, voiced intentions by the state government to " up" the flag and incorporate an emblem by first seeking opinions from professions, citing feedback of the flag being too "simple and dull". As of 2008, there have been no reports of further action.
Variants.
District flags.
Terengganu has seven administrative districts ("daerah"), each assigned their own district-level flags. All seven of the flags consist of only a single coloured field with the state flag on the canton; the only distinction is the colour of the field, which corresponds to respectable districts and represents their qualities:
Royal Standards.
Terengganu's royalty, mostly prominently the Sultan of Terengganu, fly their own Royal Standards.
The Sultan's Royal Standard consists of a white flag bearing a partial rendition of the state emblem, as well as a wreath of rice stalks and a motto. Previously a plain white flag, the additional emblem, which is coloured yellow, was added to identify the flag to Terengganu's royal family.
The design of the "Pemaisuri"'s (Queen's) Royal Standard is very similar to that of the Sultan's, but features a reversed arrangement of colours, with a white emblem against a yellow field. The Royal Standard of the "Yang Di-pertuan Muda" (Crown Prince) bears a similar colour configuration as the Queen's, but features only the partial rendition of the state emblem, which is significantly larger than that of the Sultan's and the Queen's.
Obsolete flags.
Prior to the adoption of the present flag, the state flag of Terengganu previously sported a significantly different design, although many of its elements would be carried over to its successor. The earliest known variant of the state flag was used between 1925 and 1933, and consisted of only a white-black flag divided vertically with the black stripe two times wider than the white stripe. 
In 1933, a star and crescent that pointed upwards and featured rounder crescent was added on the black band, signifying Terengganu's recognition of Islam as the state's religion. The flag remained in use until the introduction of the current flag.
Additionally, the state government of Terengganu formerly flew its own "Governmental Service Flag", which design originated in the same manner as the state flag. Bearing the same vertical white-black layout, a white saltire was also included on the black stripe. Similarly, a star and crescent was also added in a later date, but was placed on the white stripe. The flag was rendered obsolete following the adoption of the present state flag, which was also to be used by the state government.
Stete Emblem.
Design.
Approved for official use by the State Ministers Committee in 1932, the state arms or emblem (Malay: "Jata") of Terengganu was designed by several state officials during the reign of Sultan Zainal Abidin III (1881–1918), and is thought to have been drawn by Mohamad bin Abdul Rahim, the relative of Dato' Nara Wangsa (Dato' Mata-Mata).
The arms originally consisted of a white outlined oval that encompassed a series of symbols coloured in yellow and a Jawi motto. During the rule of Sultan Ismail Nasiruddin Shah (1945—1979), the emblem was modified with the addition of a dotted figure of a seal around all of the symbols except the star and crescent, which resides over the seal, the addition of a pair of maces and the shortening of the motto.
Details of the emblem's components are as follows:
The motto, "Terengganu" written in Jawi (ترڠڬانو), is located below the seal. When introduced in 1932, the emblem's motto originally read ""Jawatan Kerajaan Terengganu"" (Terengganu Government Post) in Jawi. During the rule of Sultan Ismail Nasiruddin Shah, ""Jawatan Kerajaan"" was omitted from the motto, resulting in its present form.
Royal Standard variants.
The state emblem of Terengganu is included on the Royal Standards of Terengganu's royal family, but differs slightly, as it is only duplicated partially, without the outlining oval border and seal, the "Terengganu" motto and the star and crescent. Two elements are added on the emblem in the case of the Royal Standards for the Sultan and the Queen: a wreath of rice stalks and a different motto depicted in the form of banner to be written in Jawi. The motto corresponds to the individual the Standard is assigned to; as such, the motto for the Standard of the Sultan reads ""Sultan Terengganu"" while that of the Queen reads ""Pemaisuri Terengganu"". The emblem on the Royal Standard of the Crown Prince consists of only the partial replication of the state emblem.
As the Standard of the Sultan has a white field, the emblem retains its yellow colour. However, as the Standard of the Queen and the Crown Prince bare yellow fields, their emblems are white.

</doc>
<doc id="19455184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455184" title="Association of Child Care Officers">
Association of Child Care Officers

The Association of Child Care Officers (ACCO) was the main professional body for social workers looking after the welfare of children in the United Kingdom from 1949 to 1970.
In 1946 the interim report of the Curtis Committee on Children Deprived of a Normal Home Life recommended that training courses for fieldworkers in child care be set up at universities, and four such courses were established. In July 1948 a meeting of students on these courses was called to consider the setting up of a professional association and in November 1949 the Association of Child Care Officers was formed.
In 1970 the association merged with six other social workers' organisations to form the British Association of Social Workers, having been a member of the Standing Conference of Organisations of Social Workers since 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="19455228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455228" title="Motor capacitor">
Motor capacitor

A motor capacitor, such as a start capacitor or run capacitor, including a dual run capacitor, is an electrical capacitor that alters the current to one or more windings of a single phase AC induction motor to create a rotating magnetic field. It is used in air conditioners, hot tub/jacuzzi spa pumps, or forced air heat furnaces for example.
A round dual run capacitor ("described below") is used in some air conditioner compressor units, to boost both the fan and compressor motors.
Motor capacitors include two common types, "run capacitors" and "start capacitors". The units of capacitance are labeled in microfarads (µF or uF or mfd).
Run capacitors.
Run capacitors are mostly polypropylene film capacitors and are designed for continuous duty, and they are energized the entire time the motor is running. Run capacitors are rated in a range of 1.5–100 microfarads (µF or mfd), with voltage classifications of 370 V or 440 V. Single phase electric motors need a capacitor to energize a second-phase winding. If the wrong run capacitor is installed, the motor will not have an even magnetic field, and this will cause the rotor to hesitate at those spots that are uneven. This hesitation can cause the motor to become noisy, increase energy consumption, cause performance to drop, and cause the motor to overheat.
Start capacitors.
Start capacitors above 20 microfarad (µF) are always non-polarized aluminium electrolytic capacitors with non solid electrolyte and therefore they are only applicable for the short motor starting time.
Start capacitors briefly increase motor starting torque and allow a motor to be cycled on and off rapidly. Start capacitors have ratings above 70 microfarads (µF), with four major voltage classifications: 125 V, 165 V, 250 V, and 330 V. A start capacitor stays in the circuit long enough to rapidly bring the motor to 3/4 of full speed and is then taken out of the circuit, such as by a centrifugal switch that releases at that speed. The motor after that runs more efficiently with a run capacitor.
Examples of motor capacitors are: a 35 µF/mfd, at 370 V, run capacitor, or an 88–108 µF/mfd at 250 V start capacitor.
Dual run capacitors.
A dual run capacitor supports 2 electric motors, such as in large air conditioner or heat pump units, with both a fan motor and a compressor motor. The dual capacitor has 3 terminals labeled "C", "FAN", and "HERM" for the common, fan, and hermetic compressor connections.
Round dual run capacitors (shaped as round cylinders) are commonly used for air conditioning, to help in the starting of the compressor and the condenser fan motor. Dual capacitors come in a variety of sizes, depending on the capacitance (µF), such as 40 plus 5 µF, and also the voltage. A 440 volt capacitor can be used in place of a 370 volt, but not a 370 in place of a 440 volt. The capacitance must stay the same within 5% of its original value. An oval dual run capacitor could be used instead of a round capacitor, but the mounting strap should be changed to better fit the oval shape.
Failure modes.
A faulty run capacitor often becomes swollen, with the sides or ends bowed or bulged out further than usual: it can be clear to see that the capacitor has failed because it is swollen or even blown apart with capacitor oil leaking. Some capacitors are built with a "Pressure Sensitive Interrupter" design that causes them to fail before internal pressures can cause serious injury. One design causes the top of the capacitor to expand and break internal wiring.
"Weak Capacitor" - Over many years of use the capacitance of the capacitor (measured in microfarads) reduces. As a result the motor may fail to start or run at full power.
IEC/EN 60252-1 2001 specifies levels of protection 
for motor run capacitors
Safety issues.
The motor capacitor, which is a component of a jacuzzi circulating pump, can overheat if defective. This poses a fire hazard, and the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) has received more than 100 reports of incidents of overheating of the motor capacitor, with some fires started.

</doc>
<doc id="19455239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455239" title="Cacela Velha">
Cacela Velha

Cacela Velha (meaning "Old Cacela" in Portuguese) is a village located in the civil parish of Vila Nova de Cacela, municipality of Vila Real de Santo António, Algarve, Portugal. Cacela Velha is situated on top of a hill with a view to the easternmost lagoon of the Ria Formosa.
History.
Cacela Velha and the surrounding towns were a stopover for Greek and Phoenician navigators, and according to some authors it may have once been near the location of Conistorgis, the still-unrecovered capital of the Conii. Roman and Arab occupiers also played a significant role in the expansion of the region.
Archeological excavations conducted from May 7 to July 4, 2007, determined the village was the Medina of Qast’alla Daraj (Ibn Darradj al-Qastalli), an Islamic town dating back to the 10th century, when much of the Iberian peninsula was controlled by the Moors and Berbers who arrived from North Africa. Archeologists determined the area was an agricultural center, and part of the excavation recovered seven corn pits that were used for storing cereals and grain.
Tourism and development.
For many years, commercial fishing has been the main source of commerce for Cacela Velha. In recent years, the village has seen additional revenue from being a tourist destination. Cacela Velha’s beachfront location and lack of modern overdevelopment has been attractive to many visitors, while the village's fishing fleets have supplied the local seafood restaurants with oysters, clams, prawns and baby squid.
Cacela Velha’s major cultural event is the annual Noites da Moura Encantada (in English: Nights of the Enchanted Moor Woman), which provides evenings of music, street fairs and artisan exhibitions that pay tribute to the region’s Arab and Berber heritage. Other cultural events include concerts at the Church of Cacela Velha,which have featured presentations of medieval music and contemporary classic music. In 2008, the village saw the opening of its first five-star hotel, the Quinta da Ria. 
Cacela Velha beach, in the middle of a small peninsula, is popular among gay tourists. 
Cacela Velha is one of ten Portuguese villages that the regional development commission (CCDR) has chosen to renovate in an attempt to encourage more Portuguese residents to relocate to the region.

</doc>
<doc id="19455245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455245" title="Association of Family Case Workers">
Association of Family Case Workers

The Association of Family Case Workers (AFCW), known as the Association of General and Family Case Workers from 1954 to 1963, was the main professional body for social workers looking after the welfare of families in the United Kingdom from 1940 to 1970.
In 1970 the association merged with six other social workers' organisations to form the British Association of Social Workers, having been a member of the Standing Conference of Organisations of Social Workers since 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="19455271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455271" title="Nabemba Tower">
Nabemba Tower

The Nabemba Tower, also known as Elf Tower, is an office skyscraper in Brazzaville, Republic of the Congo. At 106 metres and 30 floors it is the tallest building in the Republic of the Congo. It is named after Mont Nabemba, the highest mountain in the country. The tower was built with borrowed funds from the French oil company Elf Aquitaine.
The tower was designed by Jean Marie Legrand during the government's five-year plan and was built between 1983 and 1986. Various ministries and charities' offices are housed in the tower, such as the African Self-help Development Initiative, the New Partnership for African Development, and UNESCO. The tower is located directly on the Congo River in the south of the city, across from Kinshasa.
Nabemba Tower was inaugurated by President Denis Sassou Nguesso on 3 February 1990.
Data and technology.
The shape of the Nabemba Tower is slender, the sides towards the middle and bent inwards so it makes a concave cylinder. The tower is based on a rectangular pedestal that forms the main core of the shape. The facade consists of vertical lines with glass and light concrete, which reinforces its narrow shape. The floor plan, comprising the 6th to 27th floor, makes three concretic circles: in the middle there are elevators and technical facilities, then there are circular corridors, and finally these two rings are surrounded by an outer ring of offices, which are divided into segments by movable walls. The windows are sealed, but an air-conditioning system pumps cold air through a cooling system and regulates the temperature in the building. Three 430-kVA generators supply the building during the constant power outages in the city.
Criticism.
Nabemba Tower was severely damaged in 1997 during the Republic of the Congo Civil War. When President Sassou Nguesso returned to power, however, the building was rebuilt at the exhorbitant cost of £6,000,000. This was more than the entire initial construction cost. Elf Aquitaine funded work on the building, which was assigned to a start-up company in Congo led by two French brothers without any qualifications in company management, nor in the techniques of building construction, civil engineering, or even architectural expertise. 
Each year, the maintenance alone of the tower costs the equivalent of £3,000,000, a significant cost for what is still a very poor country.
The local architect Norbert Mbila describes Nabemba Tower as ""a symbolic building, built purely for prestige. It is neither necessary nor useful, as it swallows up a lot in maintenance costs.""

</doc>
<doc id="19455281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455281" title="Australian Youth Olympic Festival">
Australian Youth Olympic Festival

The Australian Youth Olympics Festival (AYOF) is an international multi-sport event organised by the Australian Olympic Committee. It has been held biennially since its first successful event in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19455326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455326" title="Machining vibrations">
Machining vibrations

Machining vibrations, also called chatter, correspond to the relative movement between the workpiece and the cutting tool. The vibrations result in waves on the machined surface. This affects typical machining processes, such as turning, milling and drilling, and atypical machining processes, such as grinding.
A "chatter mark" is an irregular surface flaw left by a wheel that is out of true in grinding or regular mark left when turning a long piece on a lathe, due to machining vibrations.
As early as 1907, Frederick W. Taylor described machining vibrations as the most obscure and delicate of all the problems facing the machinist, an observation still true today, as shown in many publications on machining.
Mathematical models make it possible to simulate machining vibration quite accurately, but in practice it is always difficult to avoid vibrations and there are basic rules for the machinist:
Industrial context.
Link between high-speed machining and vibrations.
The use of high speed machining (HSM) has enabled an increase in productivity and the realization of workpieces that were impossible before, such as thin walled parts. Unfortunately, machine centers are less rigid because of the very high dynamic movements. In many applications, i.e. long tools, thin workpieces, the appearance of vibrations is the most limiting factor and compels machinist to reduce cutting speeds well below the capacities of machines or tools.
Different kinds of problems and their sources.
Vibration problems generally result in noise, bad surface quality and sometimes tool breakage. The main sources are of two types: forced vibrations and self-generated vibrations.
Laboratory research.
High-speed strategies.
Industrial and academic researchers have widely studied machining vibration. Specific strategies have been developed, especially for thin-walled work pieces, by alternating small machining passes in order to avoid static and dynamic flexion of the walls. The length of the cutting edge in contact with the workpiece is also often reduced in order to limit self-generated vibrations.
Modeling.
The modeling of the cutting forces and vibrations, although not totally accurate, makes it possible to simulate problematic machining and reduce unwanted effects of vibration.
Stability lobe theory.
Multiplication of the models based on stability lobe theory, which makes it possible to find the best spindle speed for machining, gives robust models for any kind of machining.
Time domain numerical model.
Time domain simulations compute workpiece and tool position on very small time scales without great sacrifice in accuracy of the instability process and of the surface modeled. These models need more computing resources than stability lobe models, but give greater freedom (cutting laws, runout, ploughing, finite element models). Time domain simulations are quite difficult to robustify, but a lot of work is being done in this direction in the research laboratories.
Paths.
In addition to stability lobe theory, the use of variable tool pitch often gives good results, at a relatively low cost. These tools are increasingly proposed by tool manufacturers, although this is not really compatible with a reduction in the number of tools used. Other research leads are also promising, but often need major modifications to be practical in machining centers.
Two kinds of software are very promising: Time domain simulations which give not yet reliable prediction but should progress, and vibration machining expert software, pragmatically based on knowledge and rules.
Industrial methods used to limit machining vibrations.
The classic approach.
The usual method for setting up a machining process is still mainly based on historical technical knowhow and on trial and error method to determine the best parameters. According to the particular skills of a company, various parameters are studied in priority: depth of cut, tool path, workpiece set-up, geometrical definition of the tool,…
When a vibration problem occurs, information is usually sought from the tool manufacturer or the CAD software retailer, and they may give a better strategy for machining the workpiece.
Sometimes, when vibration problems are too much of a financial prejudice, experts can be called upon to prescribe, after measurement and calculation, spindle speeds or tool modifications.
Limitations of the available methods.
Compared to the industrial stakes, commercial solutions are rare. To analyse the problems and to propose solutions, only few experts propose their services. Computational software for stability lobes and measurement devices are proposed but, in spite of widespread publicity, they remain relatively rarely used. Lastly, vibration sensors are often integrated into machining centers but they are used mainly for wear diagnosis of the tools or the spindle.
New Generation Tool Holders and especially the Hydraulic Expansion Tool Holders minimise the undesirable effects of vibration to a large extent. First of all, the precise control of T.I.R to less than 3 micrometres helps reduce vibrations due to balanced load on cutting edges and the little vibration created thereon is absorbed largely by the oil inside the chambers of the Hydraulic Expansion Tool Holder.

</doc>
<doc id="19455353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455353" title="Critical Terrorism Studies">
Critical Terrorism Studies

Critical Terrorism Studies is a controversial new sub-discipline of Terrorism studies. It attempts to encourage criticism of the discipline of Terrorism studies itself and to widen debate by Terrorism studies researchers in part by applying insights from Critical Theory generally and the Frankfurt School in particular.
History.
The need for Critical Terrorism Studies was first proposed by Jason Franks in his book, 'Rethinking the Roots of Terrorism' (Palgrave Macmillan, 2006)and later developed in an article - "The Case for a Critical Terrorism Studies" by Richard Jackson, Jeroen Gunning and Marie Breen Smyth published in European Political Science. This followed the establishment of a working group and conference in 2006 under the auspices of the British International Studies Association. Further work has led to the creation of a new journal - Critical Studies in Terrorism - published by Routledge (Magnus Ranstorp is also on the editorial board).
Areas of research.
Jackson, Gunning and Smyth claim that the western state-centrism of Terrorism studies and the surrounding discourse has led to a "moral certitude" and a reluctance to consider the motivations of terrorists. The orthodox discourse which casts all terrorists as evil (rather than their acts) eliminates opportunities for consideration of motivation because of the risk of appearing to justify or condone their actions. Within this framework attempts to examine the motivations of terrorists can be labeled apologetics and dismissed or researchers themselves can be demonized. 
Other areas of research and criticism include: 
Terrorism definitions - retail terror vs state and state sponsored terror.
An important criticism of orthodox terrorism studies is the distinction made between non state terror or anti western non state terror and state (or state sponsored) terror. David Miller argued in his 2006 article - Terrorism studies' and the war on dissent - that this distinction should be one of the principal focuses of critical terrorism studies. 
Noam Chomsky in a 1986 interview argued that the word "terrorism" had been redefined in political and popular discourse to only refer to the violent acts of small or marginal groups - a type of terrorism he called "retail terrorism". This is contrasted with violent acts performed by the State in its own interest which orthodox terrorism studies often excludes from consideration.
Controversy in Australia.
In 2008 Anthony Burke's appointment as Associate Professor to the Australian Defence Force Academy sparked national debate in Australia. Mervyn Bendle a Senior Lecturer at James Cook University in Townsville Australia wrote an article in the magazine Quadrant and an opinion piece for The Australian newspaper claiming that Burke sympathised with terrorists and used "postmodernist jargon" to demean Australian values and way of life. 
Burke responded by requesting that James Cook University begin an investigation into Bendle for academic misconduct - a request he subsequently withdrew. He claimed that while Bendle had accurately quoted him, he had defamed him and misrepresented his widely-stated view that terrorism was immoral and politically counter-productive.

</doc>
<doc id="19455379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455379" title="Ivšić's law">
Ivšić's law

Ivšić's law or Stang's law is a Common Slavic accent law named after Stjepan Ivšić and Christian Schweigaard Stang who both independently discovered it. It explains the origin of the so-called Proto-Slavic neoacute accent occurring in the accent paradigm "b" as retractive from the following syllable. It was independently discovered by Ivšić in 1911, and 46 years later by Stang.
Retraction from stressed weak yer.
During the Late Common Slavic period, the short vowels *ь and *ъ (known as yers, also written *ĭ *ŭ) developed into "strong" and "weak" variants according to Havlík's law. The accented weak variants could no longer carry an accent which was thus retracted onto the preceding syllable. That syllable gained a rising "neoacute" accent. It is denoted with a tilde diacritic on historically "long" syllables (*a, *i, *u, *y, *ě, *ę, *ǫ, *VR), and with a grave accent on a historically "short" syllables (*e, *o, *ь, *ъ).
In conservative Serbo-Croatian dialects of Čakavian and Old Štokavian (e.g. Slavonian) this neoacute is preserved as a separate tone, distinct from the old acute and circumflex. Ivšić designated the long neoacute in Čakavian with the same circumflex symbol as the Lithuanian circumflex, due to their phonetic similarity.
Compare:
Retraction from medial circumflexed syllables.
Retraction also occurred on medial long circumflexed (i.e. non-acuted) syllables, e.g. on verbs in *-iti. On the basis of attested forms "nȍsīte", "vrãtite" Ivšić assumed earlier forms of "*nosȋte" "*vortȋte" which would also yield neoacute by retracting the long circumflex accent onto the preceding syllable. This retraction is uncontroversial if the preceding syllable is long - in case of short preceding syllables, it is generally accepted, but some argue that it's analogical to long neoacute in individual (mostly West Slavic) languages.
Additionally, Ivšić's law explains the acute accent on certain jā-stem nouns such as "sũša" (Slavonian Štokavian speeches), "vȍlja" (with shortened neoacute).
Borrowings from other languages show that Ivšić's law operated after Dybo's law, and had the effect of partially reversing it. Compare:

</doc>
<doc id="19455380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455380" title="Phil Lombardi">
Phil Lombardi

Phillip Arden Lombardi (born February 20, 1963 in Abilene, Texas) is a former professional baseball player. He played parts of three seasons in Major League Baseball, between and , for the New York Yankees and New York Mets. He was primarily a catcher, but also played the outfield.
Lombardi was drafted by the New York Yankees in the third round of the 1981 Major League Baseball Draft, and made his debut with the Yankees on April 26, , replacing Ron Hassey behind the plate in the fifth inning. On his first fielding chance, he committed a throwing error on a stolen base attempt by Brett Butler. For the season, Lombardi batted .278 with two home runs and six runs batted in, and did not commit any more errors behind the plate (though he did have two in left field).
He was acquired by the cross-town rival New York Mets with Steve Frey and Darren Reed for Rafael Santana and Victor Garcia following the season. He spent two seasons with their triple A affiliate, the Tidewater Tides, making only eighteen appearances with the big league squad in . He was claimed on waivers by the Atlanta Braves on April 4, . Five days later, Lombardi retired.

</doc>
<doc id="19455385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455385" title="1956 Individual Speedway World Championship">
1956 Individual Speedway World Championship

The 1956 Individual Speedway World Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19455395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455395" title="List of codices">
List of codices

Notable codices are listed here. For the purposes of this compilation, as in philology, a "codex" refers to a manuscript book published from the late Antiquity period through the Middle Ages. (The majority of the books in both the list of manuscripts and list of illuminated manuscripts are codices.) More modern works that include "codex" as part of their name are not listed here. The following codices are usually named for their most famous resting-places, such as a city or library.

</doc>
<doc id="19455403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455403" title="Lindau Nobel Laureate Meetings">
Lindau Nobel Laureate Meetings

The Nobel Laureate Meetings at Lindau is a scientific conference held yearly in Lindau, Germany, inviting Nobel prize winners to present to and interact with young researchers from all over the world.
History.
In 1951, the two physicians Gustav Parade and Franz Karl Hein from Lindau convinced the Swedish Count Lennart Bernadotte of Wisborg, living near Lindau, to assume patronage of the scientific meeting they were setting up to facilitate German students the exchange with Nobel laureates of medicine. During the turmoil of World War II, Germany had been largely excluded from worldwide scientific exchange. The initiative soon enjoyed considerable success as many Laureates accepted the invitation of Count Lennart to meet in Lindau, close to his castle on the isle of Mainau in Lake Constance. Over the years the meetings grew, and laureates from all three scientific Nobel disciplines, physiology or medicine, chemistry and physics were also invited. Each year in turn, the Lindau Meetings were devoted specifically to one of these disciplines. From the 1970s, also winners of the Nobel prize for economics began to join the meetings occasionally. 
Since 1954, the meetings are organized by the "Council for the Lindau Nobel Laureate Meetings". Count Lennart became the Counci's first president. 
At the age of eighty, in 1989, Count Lennart resigned from chairing the meetings and his much younger wife Countess Sonja Bernadotte became head of the meeting's Council. She demonstrated in doing so how firmly the Bernadotte family was committed to continue the tradition of the Lindau Meetings, considering the fact that the grandfather of Count Lennart, Gustav V., was the first Swedish King to award the Nobel Prize at Stockholm in 1905. Countess Sonja successfully increased the international significance of the events by inviting about 600 university trainees every year from an increasing number of countries world-wide, by introducing a Joint Assembly of Laureates of the three scientific Nobel disciplines together every five years, and by establishing the 'Foundation Lindau Nobel Prizewinners Meeting at Lake Constance', in the year 2000. Thanks to this foundation the Council of the Lindau Meetings finally disposed of a solid financial basis for the organization of the yearly meetings. Count Lennart died in 2004 and his wife Countess Sonja Bernadotte in 2008. Since then their daughter Countess Bettina Bernadotte is head of the Council. 
Recently, the Lindau Meetings Council biannually organises in addition to the yearly meetings on natural sciences as well a separate conference for Nobel Laureates in economics with students from all over the world.
Aim and Structure.
The aim of the Lindau Meetings is to foster the interactions between Nobel Laureates and young researchers. Typical meetings are attended by around 30 laureates and on the order of 600 young researchers. The predominant types of events are presentations given by the laureates in the framework of plenary sessions, and seminars, closed meetings between laureates and young scientists, throughout the afternoon. Additional formats include panel discussions, scientific breakfast meetings. Social events include a Bavarian evening sponsored by the Free State of Bavaria, concerts, Academic Dinners organized by organizations such as the Alexander von Humboldt Foundation, the German Research Foundation, and the Max Planck Society, and an International Get-Together with varying sponsorship; for instance, in 2012, the get-together was sponsored by the Republic of Singapore.
In 2011, the format of "Science Master Classes" was introduced, following a suggestion by Roger Tsien, in which young scientists present their work and discuss it with both their peers and a laureate.
The opening of each meeting is a festive occasion that includes further guests of honour, typically science ministers from Germany or abroad, other government representatives, or representatives of scientific institutions or science-related foundations. For instance, the 2011 meeting included Bill Gates as part of a discussion touching on the work of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. 
The last day of the meeting features a joint boat ride from Lindau on the invitation of the State of Baden-Württemberg across Lake Constance to the island of Mainau, the seat of the Bernadotte family, where there is a final panel discussions in the grounds of the castle.
Some of the events, such as the plenary sessions in which the laureates give their presentations, are accessible not only to the young researchers, but also to the media and to selected guests. The group sessions that are meant to provide the most direct interactions are closed to anybody but the laureates and the young researchers.
Plenary talks by the laureates can be about science related to their Nobel prize, about current scientific topics they find interesting, or about related topics such as science communication and the interaction between science and society. Often, a personal perspective - such as a laureate's career, their path to the Nobel prize, and corresponding advice to the young researchers - forms part of the presentation.
The laureates are free in their choice of topic, and it has been criticized that some of them use the platform given to them to present questionable ideas outside the mainstream of science.
The meetings rotate between the three Nobel science prizes chemistry, physics, and physiology/medicine. Every five years there are meetings uniting laureates from all three branches. Since 2004, there are additional meetings for economics, which take place every three years. 
The selection of the young researchers that attend each Lindau meeting is made in cooperation with the meeting's academic partners. Participants are nominated by more than 100 institutions from more than 30 countries; some are also nominated by specific Nobel laureates. Nominating institutions include scientific academies, such as the Academy of Sciences of the Czech Republic or the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences, foundations such as the Alexander S. Onassis Public Benefit Foundation or the Nobel Foundation, research councils such as the National Science Council or the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada, companies such as Microsoft Corporation or Siemens AG, and research institutes and universities such as the Weizmann Institute of Science, the Humboldt University of Berlin or Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich.
2012 was the first meeting where selected teachers were admitted as participants. The teachers had been selected as being particularly active in communicating science to their pupils.
The participating young researchers claim that the informal atmosphere and the intensive peer-to-peer contact provides a unique experience, while the organisers consider it crucial to both aims, scientific exchange and inspiration of junior scientists.
In addition to these principal aims of scientific exchange and inspiration, the Lindau Meetings offer a unique occasion to follow closely the development of sciences and the advancement of knowledge to the benefit of mankind.
Conferences in Economics.
Conferences in Economics are held every fourth year—last time in 2012. 
Economics Meeting 2008:
Participants.
Around 20 Nobel Laureates in sciences have participated usually at every disciplinary meeting in the past.
At the Joint Assemblies gathering all three scientific Nobel disciplines and being organized every fifth year since 2000, about double as many Laureates have participated i.e. 50-60. Regarding the decade of Nobel Laureate meetings between 1996–2005, the participating Laureates are named under (4) together with brief comments on their lectures. 
Physics Meeting 2008:

</doc>
<doc id="19455411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455411" title="Richard Kessel">
Richard Kessel

Richard M. Kessel (born c. 1950) is a power industry executive who was formerly President and Chief Executive Officer of the New York Power Authority, the largest state-owned public utility company in the United States. Kessel started as a consumer advocate who led the opposition to the construction and operation of the Shoreham Nuclear Power Plant constructed by the Long Island Lighting Company (LILCO). He was appointed as chief executive and later chairman of the Long Island Power Authority (LIPA), which oversaw the public takeover of LILCO in 1998 and the decommissioning of the Shoreham plant. Kessel has been variously described by "The New York Times" as someone who started out as a "constant noodge, attacking perceived wrongs and demanding changes" who later became an "exuberant executive with a hands-on approach".
He served as the Executive Director of the New York State Consumer Protection Board from 1983 to 1995, where he negotiated rate freeze agreements with Consolidated Edison, Niagara Mohawk and other electric and telephone utilities, which Kessel estimated saved consumers $1 billion.
In 1989, Kessel was appointed by then-Governor Mario Cuomo to become the chairman of the Long Island Power Authority. He led the negotiations on the decommissioning of the Shoreham nuclear power plant, which had been constructed at a total cost of $5.5 billion and had never generated any commercial power. In February 1992, he handed over a $1 bill to purchase the Shoreham facility from the Long Island Lighting Company and oversaw its decommissioning and the shipment of its nuclear fuel off of Long Island. He left his spot as chairman in 1995 and remained as a trustee of LIPA, returning to the chairmanship in 1997 when he was reappointed by then-Governor George Pataki.
He was responsible for the LIPA's May 1998 takeover of LILCO, funded by a $7 billion offering in municipal bonds, then the largest sale of such bonds in the United States. Upon the takeover, LIPA cut rates for electricity by 20%, followed by refund checks of $101 to each Suffolk customer and $232 to each customer in Nassau and the portions of Queens served by LILCO.
He was able to achieve reductions in what had been some of the highest rates for electric power in the country.
In 2003, an audit by the New York State Controller criticized LIPA and Kessel for spending more than $45,000 to conduct improper political polls, and for paying more than $500,000 over 14 months to a single no-bid contracted employee. 
Kessel was the target of an investigation by the New York State Office of the Inspector General for accepting separate salaries at LIPA for his roles as both chairman and president. In July 2008, the Inspector General ruled that he had not acted improperly, noting that he had been asked by Governor Pataki to stay on as chairman through 2006, that he had raised the issue that the Public Authorities Accountability Act prohibited him from being paid a salary as chairman and that he had received two written legal opinions that supported the position that a full-time chairman could be compensated. 
On January 24, 2007, then-Governor Eliot Spitzer announced that Kevin Law would replace Kessel as Chairman of LIPA until the fall when a new Chairman would be named and Law would become Chief Executive Officer of LIPA.
In September 2008, Kessel was selected to become the President and Chief Executive Officer of the New York Power Authority, which operates 18 power-generating facilities across New York State. Kessel succeeds Roger B. Kelley, who had been forced out by Governor David Paterson in June 2008, and will take office as of October 14, 2008.
While lauded for his frequent visits upstate, State Senators Joseph Griffo and George D. Maziarz have criticized Kessel's costly travel on the Power Authority's private plane. Griffo has called on the State Inspector General to investigate the propriety of Kessel's travel.
One of Kessel's first acts at the Power Authority was to remove or eliminate most of the positions that provided oversight of the Executive Offices. Throughout his tenure, and during a hiring freeze for state agencies, Kessel installed friends, neighbors, and political allies into positions throughout the Authority. Often, these positions were newly created or had been recently vacated at they urging of Kessel's staff. Several regional newspapers and websites made these events regular news fodder. 
Kessel resigned from the New York Power Authority effective Sept. 6, 2011, an event facilitated by the election of Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo. 
Kessel has been a resident of Merrick, in Nassau County, New York. He graduated with a bachelor's degree from New York University and was awarded a master's degree in political science at Columbia University. He has taught consumer issues at both Brooklyn College and Five Towns College.

</doc>
<doc id="19455412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455412" title="1997 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships – Singles">
1997 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships – Singles

Fernando Meligeni was the defending champion, but did not participate this year.
Michael Chang won the title, defeating Grant Stafford 4–6, 6–2, 6–1 in the final.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="19455417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455417" title="DR Class 99.77-79">
DR Class 99.77-79

The steam locomotives of DR Class 99.77–79 were ordered by the Deutsche Reichsbahn in East Germany after the Second World War. They were narrow gauge locomotives with a 750 mm rail gauge and were built for the narrow gauge lines in Saxony. The locomotives were largely identical to the DRG Class 99.73–76 standard locomotives ("Einheitslokomotiven") built in the 1930s. To differentiate them from their predecessors they were described as "Neubaulokomotiven" or newly designed engines.
History.
After the Second World War quite a number of the most modern and most powerful narrow gauge locomotives were confiscated by the Soviet occupying powers as war reparations and transported off to the east. That led to a permanent shortage of locomotives on the Saxon narrow gauge lines, not least because the transportation requirement had grown considerably due to the mining of uranium in the Ore Mountains by the firm of Wismut AG. As a result the VEB Lokomotivbau Karl Marx were tasked with the development of a new locomotive in 1950. This was based heavily on the "Einheitslokomotive" of DRG Class 99.73–76 designed in the 1930s. From 1952 to 1957 a total of 24 locomotives were delivered. They were given running numbers 99 771 to 99 794. The engines were homed in the locomotive depots ("Bahnbetriebswerken" or "Bw") of Thum and Wilsdruff.
In the late 1980s the first locomotives had to be withdrawn due to serious damage to the locomotive frame and boiler. Initially it was intended to replace all locomotives by new diesel locomotives from 1995 onwards. However, on the reunification of Germany, all such plans in the GDR were cancelled. As a result, the repair shops ("Reichsbahnausbesserungswerk" or "RAW") responsible, RAW Meiningen and "RAW" Görlitz-Schlauroth, built new frames and boilers for 14 locomotives in 1991/1992 in order to keep the engines in working order.
Today the engines continue to work all the traffic on their original routes. Additional locomotives may also be found today on the island of Rügen in the Baltic Sea working the Rügen railway ("Rügenschen Kleinbahnen"). One locomotive, no. 99 788, was sold to the museum railway from Warthausen to Ochsenhausen in Baden-Württemberg, the so-called "Öchsle", and operates there.
Technical features.
In accordance with modern construction principles of the time, the locomotives are of a fully welded design.
In contrast to their predecessors the machines were given a plate frame. Like them, however, the third axle is driven and the carrying axles are housed in a Bissel bogie. Two vacuum injectors form the feed water system. In order to enable brown coal firing, the grate area was increased compared with that of the "Einheitslok".
The vehicles could carry up to 5.8 m³ of water and 3.6 tonnes of coal.
Duties.
The first area of operations were the Thumer Netz network with the Schönfeld-Wiesa–Thum–Meinersdorf and Wilischthal–Thum lines, the Cranzahl– Oberwiesenthal spa town route (Fichtelberg Railway) and the Freital-Hainsberg–Kipsdorf spa town line (Weisseritz Valley Railway). Several locomotives were also stationed in Thuringia on the Truse Railway.
After the closure of the Thum network in the early 1970s the locomotives were transferred to the Lößnitzgrund Railway (Radebeul Ost–Radeburg). Not until the 1980s did some locomotives end up on the "Rügenschen Schmalspurbahn" and Zittau network, in order to alleviate the shortage of engines there.

</doc>
<doc id="19455428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455428" title="Reg Kesler">
Reg Kesler

Reg Kesler (October 16, 1919–May 16, 2001) began his rodeo career at the age of 14 at the Raymond Stampede, competing in the boys steer riding. At the time, it was common for cowboys to compete in many or even all the rodeo events, and Kesler was no exception as he grew into his rodeo career. He participated in all five major rodeo events of the time: saddle bronc riding, bareback riding, bull riding, tie-down roping and steer decorating, a precursor to steer wrestling. Kesler especially excelled in the roughstock events, namely saddle bronc riding and bareback riding, appearing in the top four in the Canadian standings in those events six times. He was also a successful competitor in the wild cow milking and wild horse racing, an outrider in the chuckwagon racing, and a well-known pick-up man.
Kesler's first appearance in the record books was in 1948 when he was named Canadian All-Around Champion, winning a total of $1,960 and the first trophy saddle awarded by the Cowboys' Protective Association C.P.A., the organization that eventually evolved into today's Canadian Professional Rodeo Association (CPRA).
He earned the Canadian All-Around title again in both 1951 and 1953. He was crowned All-Around champion at the Calgary Stampede in 1949 and 1950, and won the wild cow milking championship at "The Greatest Outdoor Show on Earth" three times.
Although Kesler had started his own ranching operation in 1943, where he raised cattle, his journeys along the rodeo trail inspired the next stage of his career, and what he would ultimately be best known for.
In the 1950s, due to the growing demand for bucking horses, Kesler set up a string of rough stock and became a stock contractor and rodeo producer. He supplied stock to rodeos and events across Canada, including the 1967 World Exposition in Montreal, the same year he officially retired from competition, and a number of rodeos across the United States.
Kesler has been recognized a number of times for the contributions he made to the sport of rodeo during his lifetime. He was inducted into the Canadian Pro Rodeo Hall of Fame as a contestant and builder in 1989, and the Alberta Sport Hall of Fame and Museum in 1990. He was posthumously inducted into the National Cowboy & Western Museum Rodeo Hall of Fame in October 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19455440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455440" title="Michigan Compassionate Care Initiative">
Michigan Compassionate Care Initiative

The Michigan Compassionate Care Initiative is an indirect initiated state statute that will allow the medical use of marijuana for seriously ill patients.
The measure has met all requirements and appeared as Question 1 on the November 2008 ballot.
Specifically, the measure will:
Supporters.
The primary proponents of the initiative are the Michigan Coalition for Compassionate Care (MCCC). Former state representative Dianne Byrum (D) is chairwoman of the coalition.
Arguments in Favor.
Medical Access to Marijuana is supported by: 
In February 2008, delegates at the Michigan Democratic Party Convention unanimously passed a resolution in favor of protecting patients from arrest.
Michigan has already passed local medical marijuana initiatives in five cities—Ann Arbor, Detroit, Ferndale, Flint, and Traverse City—and by large margins.
A poll by Marketing Resource Group in March 2008 showed 67% of voters saying they supported medical marijuana and 62% voicing approval for this particular initiative. Voters between 34 and 54 showed 75% support for medical marijuana, with 63% of retirees voicing support. Younger voters (18 to 34) were the least supportive, with 61% backing the measure.
Opponents.
Oakland County Sheriff Mike Bouchard
State medical society takes neutral position.
The Michigan State Medical Society took a neutral position on this ballot measure, as well as on two other initiatives related to health care at its annual delegates meeting in early May 2008.
Status.
The measure was presented to the Michigan State Legislature for passage on March 3, 2008, after supporters submitted sufficient signatures on petitions, but the legislature failed to act on the measure within the 40 days set by law, earning it a place on the November 2008 ballot as Question 1, where it was approved by voters.

</doc>
<doc id="19455445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455445" title="1955 Individual Speedway World Championship">
1955 Individual Speedway World Championship

The 1955 Individual Speedway World Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19455448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455448" title="Beatriz Jaguaribe">
Beatriz Jaguaribe

Beatriz Jaguaribe is a professor of comparative communications in the School of Communications at the Universidade Federal do Rio de Janeiro. She also serves as a contributing editor of "Public Culture", a scholarly journal published by Duke University Press. Jaguaribe has written on race and visual culture in contemporary Brazil. Among her publications are "Fins de Século: Cidade e Cultura no Rio de Janeiro" (1998), published by Rocco, and "Mapa do Maravilhoso do Rio de Janeiro" (2001), published by Sextante Artes. Jaguaribe works on the relationship between artistic production and lived experiences in the production of cultural maps of urban Brazil. She was awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19455462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455462" title="Evening Leader">
Evening Leader

Evening Leader is the name of several newspapers. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19455465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455465" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Pima County, Arizona">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Pima County, Arizona

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Pima County, Arizona.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Pima County, Arizona, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 171 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county, including 4 that are also National Historic Landmarks.

</doc>
<doc id="19455484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455484" title="William E. Macaulay Honors College">
William E. Macaulay Honors College

William E. Macaulay Honors College, commonly referred to as Macaulay Honors College, or simply Macaulay, is a flagship program for 1,400 high achieving students at The City University of New York, U.S.A.. Drawing upon the resources of CUNY and New York's cultural, scientific, political, and business communities, Macaulay Honors College aims to provide a broad-based and rigorous liberal arts education.
Founding and History.
The brainchild of CUNY chancellor Matthew Goldstein, CUNY Honors College was first conceived as an independent institution within The City University of New York. The aim of its creation was to increase educational standards and foster university-wide collaboration and excellence. However, support for existing honors programs at CUNY colleges and institutional opposition resulted in its launch in 2001 as CUNY Honors College in collaboration with a number of CUNY's senior colleges. Initially, there were five college partners--Baruch, Brooklyn, City, Hunter, and Queens Colleges; Lehman College, College of Staten Island, and John Jay College were added later. Commonly known as the Macaulay Honors College University Scholars Program, its first class graduated in 2005. The program attracts students with a mean high school GPA of 93.5 and SAT Verbal and Math scores of 1402 for the Class of 2014.
In July 2006, Dr. Ann Kirschner, a graduate of SUNY Buffalo, UVA, and Princeton University, was appointed Dean of Macaulay Honors College after a nationwide search. Graduating high school students with Ivy League-caliber academic records have given Macaulay a closer look as a result. Rising standards have had a trickle-down effect on improving the image of CUNY as a whole, which, prior to the inception of Macaulay Honors College, had been criticized as "an institution adrift" by the Giuliani administration.
Later, in September 2006, The City University of New York received a $30,000,000 gift from philanthropist and City College alumnus, William E. Macaulay, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of First Reserve Corporation. It is the largest single donation in the history of CUNY and has been used to buy a landmark building on the Upper West Side of Manhattan that has become the permanent home of Macaulay Honors College, and will add support to its endowment. A new governance plan, approved by the CUNY Board of Trustees in late April 2010, provided Macaulay Honors College with degree-granting authority through CUNY's University Center. Beginning in Spring 2011, graduates became eligible to receive a dual degree from both their 'home college' and Macaulay Honors College.
Building.
After building completion in 1904, 35 West 67th Street subsequently housed the Swiss Benevolent Society for numerous years. In 1999, it became known as the Steinhardt Building after undergoing extensive restoration and renovation under the direction of philanthropist Michael Steinhardt. Following the completion of the Steinhardt Building's refurbishment, the 92nd Street Y received the building as a donation in 2001 from Steinhardt.
The Gothic revival building was purchased with the donation of the Macaulay family and underwent extensive renovations to prepare it for students and staff. Renovations are now complete and the building is in use by the students and staff of Macaulay Honors College.
Academics.
Program.
Each Macaulay student is designated a "University Scholar" and receives:
Admissions.
Macaulay Honors College accepts applications from high-achieving high school seniors applying for the first time to be freshman immediately following their senior year. Macaulay does not accept transfer students or applicants applying for mid-term entry. The college advises applicants to research the eight CUNY senior colleges which participate in Macaulay prior to submitting an application, which is available online. Applicants to Macaulay are then considered for acceptance to the undergraduate degree program at the CUNY campus designated on their applications. All applicants must apply by December 1.
Statistics.
According to a recent release of facts and figures, applications to Macaulay Honors College have tripled since its founding in 2001. Between 2007 and 2008 alone applications increased a notable 20%. For fall 2010 entry, Macaulay Honors College received 4,072 applications—the largest applicant pool to date—while there were only 394 openings in the Freshman Class of 2014.
Demographic statistics for 2008 showed applications coming from 477 high schools around the nation including 275 different New York City high schools. New York City's Stuyvesant High School had a 6% increase in applications to Macaulay over the previous year; Bronx Science applications increased by 4.6%.
Campus.
Located at 35 West 67th Street, Macaulay Honors College is half a block from Central Park and three blocks from Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts and considered a part of Manhattan's Upper West Side. The building is accessible by MTA bus or subway. The building's renovation was completed Spring 2008 and dedicated under the new name of William E. Macaulay Honors College on April 17, 2008. Inside, the ground floor houses a commons area replete with a stage for student concerts, readings, guest lectures, and other events. The main floor consists of a reading room, the Wall of Fame, and a large multi-purpose lecture hall. The reading room contains a small library of books donated to Macaulay by students, faculty, staff, NYC dignitaries, and friends of Macaulay, available for in-house reading. On the second and third floors are classrooms, meeting rooms, informal gathering spaces, visiting professor offices, the dean's office, and a fully equipped film screening room with traditional movie theater seats for seventy-two viewers. Also, the building centers on a three story open-roof, internal courtyard, painted bright red after the college's colors. The courtyard is open to all and serves as a multi-purpose space within the college; it has been the site for gatherings and events, student theatre performances, and a temporary visiting artist-student collaborative installation. The fourth floor houses the staff offices. The campus is equipped with Wifi throughout the building.
Students.
Macaulay Honors College students have won numerous local and national awards, such as the Harry S. Truman Scholarship, the Rhodes Scholarship, the Intel Science Talent Search ($100,000 award), The Barry Goldwater, the Jeannette K. Watson Fellowship, Fulbright Fellowship, Bienecke Fellowship, Salk Fellowship, and the Benjamin A. Gilman International Scholarship.
Macaulay graduates have also been admitted to top graduate programs. Law schools attended by Macaulay graduates include Yale, Harvard, NYU, Penn, Duke, Georgetown, Cornell, Fordham, Vanderbilt, and George Washington.
Medical schools include Albert Einstein College of Medicine, Drexel School of Medicine, Jefferson Medical College, Mount Sinai School of Medicine, Harvard Medical School, Hofstra North Shore-LIJ School of Medicine, Johns Hopkins School of Medicine, SUNY Downstate Medical Center, SUNY Upstate Medical Center, Temple University School of Medicine, University of Rochester School of Medicine and Dentistry and Weill Cornell Medical College.
Advisory board.
Macaulay's Advisory Board includes Anthony E. Meyer, co-founder of real estate divisions for Trammell Crow Company and Lazard Frères & Co..

</doc>
<doc id="19455501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455501" title="Graeme Proctor">
Graeme Proctor

Graeme Proctor is a fictional character in the UK television ITV soap opera, "Coronation Street". Portrayed by actor Craig Gazey, the character first appeared onscreen during the episode airing on 18 April 2008.
The character is also noted for his eccentric behaviour, outlandish one-liners and his habit of singing, often whilst walking alone. After the character had only been part of the serial for a short period he became a firm favourite with viewers, with Gazey winning three "Best newcomer" awards and "Best Comedy Performance" for his portrayal. It was announced in January 2011 that he would leave during summer 2011. The character departed on 13 June 2011.
Storylines.
2008–11.
After arriving on to Coronation Street, he first stays with fellow former inmate and good friend, David Platt (Jack P. Shepherd), but later moves out. Graeme soon commits a crime when he steals a sports car on the day he is released and brings it back to the Platts' house to the indignation of David's girlfriend Tina McIntyre (Michelle Keegan). On 17 November 2008, Graeme, David and Tina break into the home of the Windasses, trash the kitchen and set fire to the fittings as the family had stolen work tools belonging to Tina's father, Joe (Reece Dinsdale). Realising he needs to rid of the car he stole, he enlists David's help but in a twist of events, the Windasses steal the vehicle, doing them both a favour. Graeme continues supporting the Platts when the Windasses move next door to them in their ongoing feuding.
Graeme later goes on to secure a job at the local Elliott and Sons Butchers run by Ashley Peacock (Steve Arnold) after he is short staffed. Graeme's storylines were for comedic effect. Graeme is paid by Steve McDonald (Simon Gregson) to punch him in the face so that he can go to court to help Becky Granger (Katherine Kelly). Graeme punches Steve so hard that Steve crashes through the fencing of the Smoker's shelter. It is later revealed that the character was to take on the speaking mannerisms of Fred Elliott (John Savident) by using some of his famous sayings. Fred's son, Ashley, becomes extremely annoyed by Graeme's behaviour and he is forced to apologise. Graeme then starts his own gardening business and later begins a window cleaning service.
During Teresa Bryant's (Karen Henthorn) Vicars and Tarts party, Graeme arrives dressed like Liz McDonald (Beverley Callard). He expresses a lot of interest in dressing that way and he particularly enjoys the "freedom" in wearing a skirt. Liz is then upset after seeing Graeme, realising that Teresa has asked guests to dress in her style.
When Rosie Webster's (Helen Flanagan) modelling career involves skimpy outfits, this catches Graeme's eye. He begins incessantly pursuing her, much to her annoyance, though she turns to him when it suits her e.g. getting her drinks or concealing an embarrassing poster of her. He tells David that he cannot stop thinking about Rosie, much to David's amusement, but also tries to woo hairdresser Natasha Blakeman (Rachel Leskovac), but to no avail.
After the death of Joe McIntyre in February 2010, Graeme supports Tina as she grieves. Tina appreciates him looking after her and in June 2010, they start a relationship. Tina's ex-boyfriends, Jason Grimshaw (Ryan Thomas) and David, are not pleased by this news and Graeme falls out with former best friend David. After a brief rekindling of the friendships between David and both Tina and Graeme, they all fall out again when Tina tells Graeme that she thought David was about to rape her during a confrontation. Graeme reacts angrily to this but she suggests they simply ignore David in future. However, David mows Graeme down while driving his grandmother Audrey Roberts (Sue Nicholls)'s car. Graeme is rushed to hospital with broken ribs, punctured lungs and doctors tell Tina that his chances of survival are small. Graeme comes round and Tina is overjoyed but when David visits him, Graeme promises that he will do whatever it takes to send him to prison and that he hopes the police will throw away the key. In a further twist, it emerges that David actually had an epileptic fit at the wheel, therefore not purposefully setting out to kill Graeme and is cleared. 
Tina is later relieved in December 2010 when Graeme arrives safe and well after a tram crashes on to the street and he subsequently helps with the rescue. Graeme is upset when he later finds out that his boss and close friend Ashley was killed in the disaster.
In February 2011, he and Tina go to a restaurant for St Valentine's Day and meet Tina's friend, Xin Chiang (Elizabeth Tan), who is upset as she has money worries. Tina offers Xin their spare room but landlord Dev Alahan (Jimmi Harkishin) tells them he will put the rent up if Xin moves in so she changes her mind. In March 2011, the flat is repaired so Tina and Graeme move back in. In April 2011, Xin tells Graeme and Tina that her visa has expired and she will have to leave the country if it is not renewed. Tina suggests Graeme marry Xin so she can stay in the country and Graeme reluctantly agrees. On his wedding day, Norris Cole (Malcolm Hebden) is shocked to find Graeme and Tina kissing and threatens to reveal the truth but Tina begs him to keep quiet and he agrees. Graeme's relationship with Tina begins to deteriorate as he and Xin keep up the pretence of being a genuine couple. In early June 2011, Graeme and Xin become increasingly attracted to each other and finally after a heated argument, they sleep together and Xin asks Graeme to decide who he wants to be with, her or Tina. Initially Graeme chooses Tina but as Xin prepares to move to Edinburgh, Graeme realises that he cannot face life without her. He ends his relationship with Tina and Graeme and Xin stay with David after Tina kicks them out of the flat. Xin and Graeme prepare to move to London after Tina threatens to report them to immigration but eventually forgives Graeme, telling him that she could never hate him. She watches as the couple leave in a cab.
Creation.
Casting.
The character first appears in April 2008 as the cellmate for the character of David Platt in the detention centre, and is a permanent feature in the character's scenes in the centre. He then last appears in June when David is released. After the character impressed bosses the character Graeme returned on 10 November 2008 on a permanent basis.
Craig Gazey won the part in an audition. The actor was not given a script until his first day of filming. Gazey did not know he was to become a permanent member of the cast until after his first stint was completed, as he confirmed in an interview with website Digital Spy: "It was never on the cards, but everyone was so supportive of me and my character. On my last day of filming of my first ever block, the crew gave me a clap to say goodbye and they all said 'Goodbye Craig', while a couple of them added 'for now' on the end." He told female first that he had to throw himself back into the role as being a member of the cast is like being on a 'fast train'. Gazey has also talked about the impact his character has made with his popularity with the public stating: "It's all quite overwhelming, really. I've seen that there's been a bit of a buzz about Graeme. I think a lot of it's down to the writing, though." In early 2010 Gazey announced that he signed a contract that would see him portraying the character into March 2011.
Development.
Personality and Identity.
Graeme's character often provided comic relief through his eccentric behaviour and the many outlandish one-liners he accidentally comes out with. Gazey said, "He's a bit of a mentalist. I'd say he was eccentric, too. I call him a fantasising scally. He's always going off on these little rants. He's quite switched on, though. Just a bit mad and playful." Graeme believes that the worst thing the Romans did was to invent central heating, and has a weakness for setting fires. He set the Windass kitchen on fire, and planned to do the same to his stolen car.
It was later revealed that the character was to take on the speaking mannerisms of Fred Elliot using some of his famous sayings. ITV also spoke about the character wanting viewers to know that he has a soft side stating: "Graeme will not be an out-and-out bad lad. He'll just be easily led and confused between right and wrong. He'll definitely have a soft side"
In mid-2009 Gazey spoke out once more about how his character's want of a better life and the storyliners' ideas to send his character in a different direction away from David Platt. Of this it was said: "Graeme's developed quite a lot. The big difference between then (2008) and now is the fact that he's settled down and become more grounded. We've got some scenes coming up soon where he says to David that he's really wanting a normal life and that he doesn't want to get into trouble. He wants to keep his job and wants to do well in what he's doing. And not start any more fires…" Gazey also made it clear from an early point that his character would not develop into one of Weatherfield's bad guys. Also commenting that: "Graeme was quite dark at the beginning, a bit mental, but he's a loveable rogue really."
In 2010 Gazey explained his character's laid back attitude to whom he spends time with stating, "It's great that he bobs in and out of situations - you can put him anywhere and he's unfazed by anyone or anything. You can put him with the oldies like Betty, then you throw him with the young ones and he just fits." Going on to talk of how his then, inpending storyline involving a new love interest would impact on his unfazed attitude he said: "It's time to see him out of his depth. That's probably where the love interest will help. He's relatively new to the relationship scene - I don't think he's ever had anything like that before. To see him not feel as comfortable as he is usually - to faze the unfazed."
Reception.
Actor Craig Gazey won an awards in the Best Newcomer categories at the British Soap Awards and The Inside Soap Awards in 2009, he won "Best Comedy Performance" at the 2010 British Soap Awards. Kris Green of media website "Digital Spy" commented about the fact that the character had become a firm Weatherfield favourite and the character's eccentric behaviour and outlandish one-liners ooze classic Corrie comedy. On his character's popularity Gazey commented that his main fanbase for the character are "Young, chavvy girls love him, but mums and grans adore him too." At the 2010 National Television Awards Gazey was nominated in the category of Best Newcomer, which he subsequently won. "Inside Soap" commented on Graeme stating: "Graeme was the oddball neighbour, trying to bag any girl in sight and failing miserably .. but the butcher is everyone's hero (not to mention the viewers secret crush) and now he's living with the hottest girl in soap".

</doc>
<doc id="19455542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455542" title="John Taylor (archivist)">
John Taylor (archivist)

John Edward Taylor (1921 – 20 September 2008) was an American military archivist at the National Archives and Records Administration for 63 years.
Life and career.
Taylor was born in Sparkman, Arkansas and graduated from the University of Arkansas in 1945. He was frequently acknowledged by authors for his assistance, and the National Archives named its collection of intelligence and espionage books in his honor. Taylor died of congestive heart failure at his home in Chevy Chase, Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="19455547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455547" title="Electoral history of Ted Stevens">
Electoral history of Ted Stevens

Electoral history of Ted Stevens, Senior United States Senator from Alaska (1968-2008), Senate Minority Whip (1977-1981), Senate Majority Whip (1981-1985), President pro tempore of the United States Senate (2003-2007) and President pro tempore emeritus (2007-2008)
At time of his 2008 defeat, Stevens was the 4th longest-serving Senator as well as most senior Republican in this body.
Early Senate and state legislature races (1962-1968).
Alaska House of Representatives, 8th district, 1964.
Elected:
Alaska House of Representatives, 8th district, 1966.
Elected:
Senate races as an incumbent (since 1970).
Open special primary for the United States Senate from Alaska, 1970.
Note: Stevens was appointed for the United States Senate following death of incumbent Bob Bartlett in December 1968
Senate Majority Leader, 1984.
Fourth ballot:

</doc>
<doc id="19455549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455549" title="Muslim Community Radio">
Muslim Community Radio

Muslim Community Radio or MCR, is a radio station based in London, United Kingdom founded in 1998. The station runs through FM Radio, at 87.7 FM (formerly 1143AM, 87.8 FM & 101.4 FM prior to that), and only broadcasts annually during the holy month of Ramadan. The slogan of the radio station is 'Ramadan Special'.
Description.
The station broadcasts from the London Muslim Centre, which is located next to the East London Mosque on Whitechapel Road in Tower Hamlets. It started to broadcast in 1998 through a RSL, then through Spectrum in the next years, and since 2001 acquired the rights to broadcast 24 hours across east London during the holy month of Ramadan. Its presenters are volunteers. The Islamic Forum Europe runs the radio station with assistance from the Young Muslim Organisation (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/YMO), the Junior Muslim Circle, the East London Mosque and the London Muslim Centre. 
It provides programmes for women, children's shows, quiz shows, fiqh sessions, taraweeh prayer, and shows such as Daily Halaqa, Qur'anic class, Easy Talk, Drive Time and others, in English and Bengali.
Programmes.
As of 2013 

</doc>
<doc id="19455580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455580" title="Amsterdam De Vlugtlaan metro station">
Amsterdam De Vlugtlaan metro station

Amsterdam De Vlugtlaan is a metro station on line 50 in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. It was also a railway station.
Train station.
The station opened on 1 June 1986 with the opening of the western section of the Amsterdam Ring railway. It was situated between Amsterdam Lelylaan and Amsterdam Sloterdijk. The station was originally to be called "Burgemeester De Vlugtlaan", who was a mayor in Amsterdam and who the road the station was located on, was named after, however this was changed during construction. 
On 1 June 1997 the metro line 50 opened next to the station and the metro stop was called "De Vlugtlaan". 
The station closed in May 2000 when the Hemboog began construction.
Train services.
The station was a stoptrain station and was only served by trains from Hoofdorp and Schiphol to Lelystad or Amersfoort Schothorst.

</doc>
<doc id="19455605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455605" title="Charroi de Nîmes">
Charroi de Nîmes

The Charroi de Nîmes (English: "Cartage (or Convoy of Merchandise) of Nîmes"), is an Old French "chanson de geste" from the first half of the twelfth-century, part of the cycle of "chansons" concerning Guillaume (or William) of Orange, generally referred to collectively as the "Geste de Guillaume d'Orange".
The poem exists in 8 manuscripts which all include other "chansons" from the same cycle. The poem comprises 1,486 decasyllable verses in 57 assonanced laisses; there is no shorter syllable lines (found in some of the other "chansons" concerning William). 63% of the lines are in direct discourse, which give this "chanson" a distinctly spoken character.
The first modern edition was printed in 1857-1867 in Vol. 1 of the collected "chansons" about William of Orange published in The Hague by the Dutch scholar Jonkbloet.
Plot.
The story is as follows: on returning home from a hunt, William learns that King Louis (Charlemagne's son) has forgotten him in the distribution of fiefs. William reminds the king of his past service (as told in the "chanson" "Li coronemenz Looïs"), and he is eventually accorded the right to an expeditionary force to conquer Nîmes from the Saracens. Disguising himself as a merchant leading a convoy of carts, and hiding his troops in barrels on the carts, William is able to come into the city and seize it (echoing the ruse of the Trojan Horse).
Historical sources.
The story is not based on a historical event.

</doc>
<doc id="19455636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455636" title="The LEAGUE">
The LEAGUE

The LEAGUE (officially Community League) is a nonprofit, school and web-based program for service learning. The organization was founded in 2005 and as of July 2008, 189 schools, representing 1,833 classes and 110,535 students in 21 states nationwide were actively participating in The LEAGUE. The organization is headquartered in Newark, NJ, with offices in New York, Detroit, Indianapolis and Austin. The LEAGUE is a 501© 3 public charity.
The mission of The LEAGUE states: The LEAGUE is a school and web-based program for schools that builds character and empowers young people to “do good” in their community, the nation, and the world. 
In the program, youth participate in service throughout the school year. The LEAGUE offers educator resources online to prepare students in the classroom for service in the community. The LEAGUE provides access to more than 1,300 K-12 classroom lessons on philanthropy, service-learning and character education. All lessons are coded to and searchable by each state's core academic standards. Students demonstrate what they’ve learned by engaging in community service projects, called LEAGUE Events. Young people choose and develop the projects that they want to engage in. The LEAGUE is youth-led. Classes and students earn points for thoughtful civic engagement in the various LEAGUE events.
History.
The LEAGUE was founded in 2005 by a group of business, education, government, media and non-profit leaders who created a model for developing the next generation of philanthropists. 
In early November 2007, The LEAGUE launched nationwide with corporate and media partners to invite all schools to participate in service of their community, the nation, and the world. The national launch was help in Fall 200 and at Midtown West School in Manhattan (PS 212) with a keynote address by U.S. Secretary of Education, Margaret Spellings and special guests Melinda Doolittle http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Melinda_Doolittle, singer, and Harlem Globetrotter Eugene Edgerson.
In June, 2010, The LEAGUE merged with HandsOn/Points of Light Foundation in their youth-based generationOn program
Focus Areas.
Learning
The LEAGUE provides access to more than 1,300 K-12 classroom lesson plans on giving, service and civic engagement. Educator resources are developed by its curriculum division, Learning to Give, the worlds leading curriculum on youth service and character education. Each LEAGUE Event Lesson also includes Learning Links – 10 five-minute activities that reinforce the lesson, and a selection of post-service reflection activities. 
Service 
The LEAGUE event season calendar (major events, LEAGUE Wildcards and Open Wildcards) provides the class, school and students ways to get involved in making a difference in the community. The LEAGUE encourages service experiences for students to be engaged in service-learning. 
The major events include:
Participants can also conduct WildCard events by developing a service project specific to the needs of their community. 
Training
Marjorie S. & Max M. Fisher Training Camp
The LEAGUE provides professional development for teachers on how to engage in The LEAGUE program, service learning, civic engagement, and character education. Training is offered online through The LEAGUE website.
Recognition 
The LEAGUE Award System is a threshold-based model in which everyone can achieve success and recognition. Acknowledgment starts with the most minimal participation level, encouraging students to practice service and giving.
Accomplishments.
As of July 2008, 189 schools, representing 1,833 classes and 110,535 students in 21 states nationwide were actively participating in The LEAGUE.
NATIONAL PARTNERSHIPS 
According to GenerationOn's official site, the LEAGUE partners with Learning to Give, and is supported by the Hasbro Children's Fund.

</doc>
<doc id="19455652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455652" title="St. John's Regional Seminary (Philosophate)">
St. John's Regional Seminary (Philosophate)

St. John's Regional Seminary (Philosophate) founded in 1987 is a propaedeutic seminary equipping students with philosophical training. It is located in the rural town of Kothavalasa in the Vizianagaram District in Andhra Pradesh, India.
Affiliation.
The seminary is not affiliated to any university. However, the Seminary is listed as a propaedeutic seminary under the Roman Curia.
The seminary used to offer a two-year course in philosophy. but, from 1999, it began offering a three-year course in philosophy to enable its students to simultaneously pursue the secular graduate degrees of Bachelor of Arts (B. A.) and Master of Arts (M. A.) through the School of Distance Education, Andhra University, Visakhapatnam.
Background.
St. John's Regional Seminary in Ramanthapur, Hyderabad to train Priests for the Catholic Church in Andhra Pradesh. Later in 1987, the seminary was split into two. The theologiate was retained in Hyderabad while the philosophate was moved to Kothavalasa in the northern circars of Andhra Pradesh.
Authorities and officials.
According to an agreement signed between the Andhra Pradesh Bishop’s Council and the Salesian Province of St. Joseph, Hyderabad, on 24 May 1993 the management of the seminary has been entrusted to the Salesians of Don Bosco for a period of ten years. The contract was in 2003 for a period of six years. It was renewed again in 2009 for ten more years. The Seminary is overseen by the following Salesians:
Admissions.
The seminary follows a semester system. Admission is for Catholic pupils who are eligible to pursue priestly studies and who come from any of the ten Catholic dioceses and two archdioceses in Andhra Pradesh as well as any religious Congregation willing to send their students for Priestly formation.
See also.
"Other university-affiliated seminaries in Andhra region"
"Theological degrees:"
"Members of the Andhra Pradesh Federation of Churches"
"Indigenous scholars"

</doc>
<doc id="19455698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455698" title="Association of Psychiatric Social Workers">
Association of Psychiatric Social Workers

The Association of Psychiatric Social Workers (APSW) was the main professional body for social workers looking after the welfare of mentally ill people in the United Kingdom from 1929 to 1970.
In 1970 the association merged with six other social workers' organisations to form the British Association of Social Workers, having been a member of the Standing Conference of Organisations of Social Workers since 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="19455718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455718" title="Tetradifon">
Tetradifon

Tetradifon is an insecticide.

</doc>
<doc id="19455744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455744" title="Tennessee's 12th congressional district">
Tennessee's 12th congressional district

United States House of Representatives, Tennessee District 12 was a district of the United States Congress in Tennessee. It was lost to redistricting in 1843. Its last Representative was Milton Brown.

</doc>
<doc id="19455749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455749" title="SappyFest">
SappyFest

SappyFest is an annual independent arts & music festival held in Sackville, New Brunswick, Canada. It was first held in 2006.
The festival is produced by Sappy Records in partnership with OK.Quoi?! Contemporary Arts Festival, Struts Gallery and the Faucet Media Arts Centre. SappyFest is headlined by the band Eric's Trip and band member Julie Doiron. SappyFest draws musicians and audience members alike from across the continent. Many Sackville residents volunteer their time to SappyFest, either by billeting visitors, working security, taking tickets, or taking on a slew of other tasks.
By year.
2007.
Headliners included Julie Doiron, Constantines, Chad VanGaalen and Eric's Trip from August 3–5, 2007.
2008.
SappyFest '08 occurred on Friday 1 August 2008 – Sunday 3 August 2008. Headliners included Julie Doiron, Chad VanGaalen, The Acorn, and Miracle Fortress.
2009.
Headliners included Wintersleep, Destroyer, Timber Timbre, Ohbijou, The Burning Hell, and Old Man Luedecke.
2010.
The festival took place from July 30 to August 1. Performers included Attack in Black, The Sadies, Chad VanGaalen, Jim Guthrie, Old Man Luedecke, The Felice Brothers, Holy Fuck and Gentleman Reg. On Sunday, Halifax band Sloan performed unannounced at the mainstage tent. The setlist included their album "Twice Removed" in its entirety, a first for the band.

</doc>
<doc id="19455750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455750" title="BullsEye Telecom">
BullsEye Telecom

BullsEye Telecom is a Michigan-based business-to-business CLEC that offers various telecommunications and data services, such as Plain old telephone service, Voice over IP (VoIP), IP PBX, wireless, expense management and others.
In 2005, BullsEye was ranked by Inc. Magazine at #82 on its list of the 500 fastest growing privately held companies in the United States.
History.
BullsEye Telecom was founded in 1999 by William H. Oberlin and a group of other telecom industry specialists. The company was initially an internet service provider. Since 2001 BullsEye has also offered telecom voice services.
Partners – Voice, VoIP and Data Solutions.
BullsEye is partnered with a number of companies in the telecommunications industry. They include: Verizon, Qwest, AT&T, One Communications, Century Link, Cincinnati Bell, TelePacific Communications, Paetec, Telnet, FairPoint Communications, XO Communications, and Frontier Communications, and Level 3 Communications

</doc>
<doc id="19455766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455766" title="Lewisdale Elementary School">
Lewisdale Elementary School

Lewisdale Elementary School is a public elementary school located in Hyattsville, Maryland. Grade levels range from Pre-kindergarten through fifth grade. Lewisdale Elementary is one of the primary schools included in the Prince George's County Public Schools District.
School Population.
Lewisdale is populated mainly with Hispanic students with African- American students following.
School procedures.
Lewisdale follows procedures under the direction of Principal, Melissa Glee-Woodard. The school follows a strict dress code among students.

</doc>
<doc id="19455770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455770" title="1954 Individual Speedway World Championship">
1954 Individual Speedway World Championship

The 1954 Individual Speedway World Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19455779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455779" title="Skarbek Theatre">
Skarbek Theatre

Ukrainian Drama Theatre (, "Natsionalnyi akademichnyi ukrayinskyi dramatychnyi teatr imeni Mariyi Zankovetskoyi"; ) is a drama theater in the very center of Lviv city, Ukraine at the intersection of vulytsia Lesi Ukrayinky and prospekt Svobody. The building was established in the mid 19th century and until World War I was used as a theater and a session hall of the regional council.
History.
Skarber Theater and Diet of Galicia.
It was founded by Count Stanisław Skarbek, who as early as 1819 had applied for permission from the Austrian Imperial authorities. Construction of the theatre’s neoclassical building began in 1837, the project was designed by architects Jan Salzmann and Ludwig Pichl. The complex was built in the location of bastions, which surrounded the Lower Castle and its foundation was made of 16,000 oak logs. In 1842 it was the third biggest building of Central Europe. Apart from the theatre itself, the complex also included apartments, for such famous personalities as Artur Grottger and Juliusz Kossak. On the opening day, March 28, 1842, a Franz Grillparzer play in the German language was presented, and on the next day, Aleksander Fredro's play "Sluby panienskie" was presented, this time in Polish.
In initial years, plays both in Polish and German were presented, and this lasted until 1871, when all German plays were withdrawn and the theatre became a Polish-language only. In 1872, operas were also presented, which made Skarbek Theatre the sole opera scene in Galicia. 
In late years of the 19th century, the complex became obsolete, and in 1900, it was replaced by a brand new building of the Grand Theatre. Skarbek Theatre was turned into a philharmonic, then into a cinema. Currently, it is home of the Ukrainian Dramatic Theatre of Maria Zankowiecka. On May 18, 2008, celebrations of the 50th anniversary of the Polish People's Theater of Lviv took place in the complex, with performance of a play by Marian Hemar.

</doc>
<doc id="19455828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455828" title="Portugal national under-20 football team">
Portugal national under-20 football team

The Portugal national under-20 football team is the national under-20 football team of Portugal and is controlled by the Portuguese Football Federation, the governing body for football in Portugal.
The U20 team acts mainly as a feeder team for the U21s and provides further international development for youth players. The team qualified for its only official match, FIFA U-20 World Cup, depends on U19 result.
The Portuguese team has 8 participations in the FIFA U-20 World Cup and 12 in the Toulon Tournament.
History.
The Golden Generation (1989-1991).
The Golden Generation was the Generation of the players that won consecutive FIFA Youth Championships in 1989 and 1991.
The Silver Generation (2011).
The "Courage Generation" was the Generation of players that was runner up in the 2011 FIFA U-20 World Cup.
Players.
Current squad.
Head coach: Edgar Borges
! colspan="9" bgcolor="#B0D3FB" align="left" |
! colspan="9" bgcolor="#B0D3FB" align="left" |
! colspan="9" bgcolor="#B0D3FB" align="left" |
Previous squads.
FIFA U-20 World Cup
Toulon Tournament
Head coaches.
"As of 15 November 2012"

</doc>
<doc id="19455836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455836" title="List of defunct newspapers of North Carolina">
List of defunct newspapers of North Carolina

This is a list of defunct newspapers of North Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="19455838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455838" title="Soldiers of the Right">
Soldiers of the Right

A Jund al-Haqq ("Soldiers of the Right") organization claimed in 1988 and 1989 from Beirut a kidnapping in Lebanon, three assassinations in Brussels, a murder in Bangkok and an attempted murder in Karachi. The precise nature of this group was never clearly elucidated, nor even the reality of its existence. At the time, its actions were attributed to the Abu Nidal's Fatah-Revolutionary Council. In February 2008, the three Brussels assassinations were attributed by Moroccan officials to an alleged network led by the Belgian-Moroccan Abdelkader Belliraj whose confessions were obtained by torture, thence subject to caution.
Correlated assassination.
On June 20, 1989, the assassination in Brussels of the Egyptian chauffeur of the Saudi embassy, Samir Gahez-Rasoul, was claimed from Beirut by a hitherto totally unknown organization, the "Brothers of the Arabic Peninsula" (or the "Free Men of the Arabic Peninsula"). It could have been the same group operating for Abu Nidal. According to the declarations obtained from Abdelkader Belliraj by the Moroccan authorities in February 2008, Gahez-Rasoul was a collateral damage of an attempted assassination ordered by Abu Nidal against a Saudi diplomat, and this failure was subsequently camouflaged with a fake claim by a fake group

</doc>
<doc id="19455844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455844" title="Institute of Medical Social Workers">
Institute of Medical Social Workers

The Institute of Medical Social Workers (IMSW) was the main professional body for social workers attached to hospitals in the United Kingdom.
It was established from two separate associations of hospital almoners. The Almoners' Committee was established in 1903 and successively changed its name to the Hospital Almoners' Committee in 1911, the Association of Hospital Almoners in 1920, and the Hospital Almoners' Association in 1927. The Hospital Almoners' Council was established in 1907 to handle the selection, training and employment of almoners and changed its name to the Institute of Hospital Almoners in 1922. The two amalgamated as the Institute of Almoners in 1945, and this changed its name to the Institute of Medical Social Workers in 1964.
In 1970 the association merged with six other social workers' organisations to form the British Association of Social Workers, having been a member of the Standing Conference of Organisations of Social Workers since 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="19455845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455845" title="Ida of Wettin">
Ida of Wettin

Ida (Hidda) of Wettin (died after 1061) was Duchess of Bohemia as the wife of Spytihněv II of Bohemia. She was born about the year 1031, 1035 at the latest.
Ida was the daughter of Dietrich II, Margrave of Lower Lusatia, from the House of Wettin, and Mathilde of Meissen. She gave birth to two surviving children and together with them she was exiled from Bohemia after death of her husband in 1061. 
Her daughter, whose name is not recorded, married a nobleman named Wichmann, whereas her son Svatobor (Friedrich) became Patriarch of Aquileia in 1085, only to be murdered during a street disturbance in February 1086.

</doc>
<doc id="19455857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455857" title="Muhammad Bashir">
Muhammad Bashir

Mohammad Bashir () (Born Lahore 10 March 1935; he has died but date of death is not known) was a wrestler from Pakistan, who won the bronze medal in freestyle wrestling in the welterweight class (73 kg) at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome. Bashir is the only Pakistani wrestler to have won a medal at the Olympic Games.
Mohammad Bashir was one of Pakistan's most celebrated wrestlers in their history. He won three gold medals in the Commonwealth Games and also four medals in the Asian Games—a gold at
1966 Bangkok, two silver medals at 1962 Jakarta, one in freestyle and the other in Greco-Roman style, in addition to a bronze medal in 1958 Tokyo.
His Commonwealth Games gold medals were earned at the 1958 (Cardiff), 1962 (Perth) and 1966 (Kingston) Commonwealth Games.
At the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, Mohammad Bashir competed in the lightweight class (70 kg) but only went up to the third round.
Mohammad Bashir received the Tamgha-i-Imtiaz medal in 1962 and the Pride of Performance Award in 1968 from the Government of Pakistan.
Olympic results.
1960 Rome Summer Olympics.
Men's welterweight (73 kg)
Mohammad Bashir won the bronze medal after being ranked 3rd out of 23
1964 Tokyo Summer Olympics.
Men's lightweight (70 kg)

</doc>
<doc id="19455875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455875" title="David Flamholc">
David Flamholc

David Flamholc (born September 27, 1974) is an award-winning Swedish film-maker and director. He lives in London and works through his company Caravan Film.

</doc>
<doc id="19455878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455878" title="Prise d'Orange">
Prise d'Orange

The "Prise d'Orange" (English: "Conquest (or Seizure) of Orange"), is an Old French "chanson de geste" from the end of the twelfth-century, part of the cycle of "chansons" concerning Guillaume (or William) of Orange, generally referred to collectively as the "Geste de Guillaume d'Orange". Its plot concerns William's conquest of the city of Orange from the Saracens and of his marriage to its queen Orable, renamed Guibourc.
The poem comprises 1,888 decasyllable verses in assonanced laisses. The poem exists in a number of manuscripts with other chansons from the same cycle. Compared to earlier "chansons de geste", its tone is frequently playful, comic and parodic and it introduces romantic (courtly love) elements taken from the medieval romance.
Plot.
The story is as follows: an escaped prisoner from Orange (Guillebert) comes to William in Nîmes and describes to him the beauties of the Saracen held city and of its queen Orable. William decides to see it for himself and succeeds in wooing the queen. After a series of adventures, William takes the city and marries a newly baptized Orable, renamed Guibourc.

</doc>
<doc id="19455880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455880" title="Marta Olczak">
Marta Olczak

Marta Olczak (born May 19, 1994 in Stamford) is a Polish figure skater. She is the 2007 & 2008 Polish novice national champion. She competes internationally on the junior level.

</doc>
<doc id="19455898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455898" title="Agostina Belli">
Agostina Belli

Agostina Belli (born 13 April 1947) is an Italian film actress. She has appeared in more than 50 films since 1968. 
Born in Milan as Agostina Maria Magnoni, Belli made her debut in 1968 with a minor part in "Bandits in Milan", then appeared in supporting roles in several musicarelli, giallo films and horror of Spanish-Italian co-production. She had her first role of weight in Lina Wertmüller's "The Seduction of Mimi", then she was chosen by Dino Risi as the beautiful Sara in "Scent of a Woman", for which she won a Grolla d'oro, and the ingenuous Marcella of "The Career of a Chambermaid", for which she received a special David di Donatello. Together with most important works, in the seventies Belli lived a season of strong popularity performing in small productions and comedies of dubious value but of great commercial success, then starting from eighties she thinned out her appearances.
She was married to actor Fred Robsahm.

</doc>
<doc id="19455916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455916" title="Rob Wells">
Rob Wells

Rob Wells is a multi-platinum, award-winning producer/songwriter based in Canada.
Wells has worked with Justin Bieber, Selena Gomez, Adam Lambert, Nick Lachey, Miranda Cosgrove, Mika, Backstreet Boys, Paloma Faith, Big Time Rush, Cyndi Lauper, Olivia Newton-John, Daisy Dares You, Boyzone, Victoria Duffield, Keshia Chante, Matt Dusk, Marie-Mai, Shiloh, RyanDan, Ry Cuming & many others.
Rob's work has been featured on "So You Think You Can Dance", "Dancing With The Stars", "One Tree Hill", "The View", "Late Show with David Letterman", "Laguna Beach", "House Of Carters", "", "Instant Star", "One for the Money", StreetDance 3D & 20th Century Fox's "Flicka".
In 2005, Wells (along with Christopher Ward) placed first in the International Songwriting Competition's Top40/Pop Category with the song "There's Us", which was later recorded by Alexz Johnson, Backstreet Boys and Jennifer Ewbank.
Wells (along with Fred St-Gelais and Marie-Mai) received a SOCAN #1 award for Marie-Mai's "Comme Avant", which remained at #1 for 11 weeks in a row in 2011. He also received a SOCAN #1 award for Matt Dusk's "All About Me", having reached the top of the Canadian AC Radio Charts in August 2006.
Rob appeared on an episode of E!'s "House Of Carters" as a music producer.

</doc>
<doc id="19455934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455934" title="Złodzieje zapalniczek">
Złodzieje zapalniczek

Złodzieje zapalniczek – Pidzama Porno's fourth studio album, released in 1997 by S.P. Records. The material was recorded in Studio CZAD in Swarzedz. In 2007 the material was re-recorded and reissued again in "Zlodzieje zapalniczek - reedycja".
Personnel.
and also:

</doc>
<doc id="19455948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455948" title="Top, Azerbaijan">
Top, Azerbaijan

Top, Azerbaijan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19455978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455978" title="Horestes">
Horestes

Horestes is a late Tudor morality play by the English dramatist John Pickering. It was first published in 1567 and was most likely performed by Lord Rich's men as part of the Christmas revels at court that year. The play's full title is "A new interlude of Vice containing the history of Horestes with the cruel revengement of his father's death upon his one natural mother."
Source and text.
The play dramatises the story of the ancient Greek myth of Orestes. Rather than Aeschylus' trilogy of Athenian tragedies "Oresteia" (458 BCE), however, Pickering's source for his version of the story is William Caxton's translation of the French romance "Recuyell of the Historyes of Troye" (translated in 1475). Consequently the play's theme and dramatic structure are more medieval than classical.
Only one copy of the play is extant, which the British Museum holds. It was published by William Griffith of Fleet Street, London for sale at his shop in St. Dunstan's churchyard.
Structure and genre.
Along with Thomas Preston's "Cambises" (c.1561), the play has been identified as a "hybrid morality", due to its articulation of classical themes, stories and characters with the medieval allegorical tradition. Within this genre, the central allegorical figure of the Vice vies with a non-allegorical, classical protagonist (Horestes); though their roles are about the same size, Horestes controls the important action.
The play has an episodic structure, which alternates comic, slapstick scenes with serious, tragic ones, all unified by the theme of revenge. It is one of the earliest examples of an English revenge play, a genre that includes Kyd's "The Spanish Tragedy" (1587), Marston's "The Malcontent" (1603) and Shakespeare's "Hamlet" (1601). Unlike traditional moralities, "Horestes" presents an ambiguous ending. In line with both the "Orestia" and the "Historyes of Troy", Horestes is forgiven for the murder of his mother and her lover; despite its interrogation during the course of the play, however, the justification for the murders remains an unresolved issue at its conclusion. In a further departure from the conventions of the morality, the forgiveness of Horestes is not prompted by his repentance.
Staging demands.
As with other experimental moralities from Elizabeth's reign, "Horestes" is longer than most of the older examples of the genre, running to 1,205 lines. The play was designed to be played by a company of six players, with each actor performing between three and seven roles each. The respective size of the roles of Horestes (521 lines) and the Vice (557 lines), as well as the play's frequent alternation of tragic and burlesque scenes, suggest that the play demanded a playing company that included two leading actors who were adept at both serious and comic acting. The actor playing Horestes also played the Woman (who appears in a brief scene between lines 626–647), while a boy actor played Clytemnestra and Hermione, as well as Hempstring and Provision. Unusually for Elizabethan drama, the play shares a role (Idumeus) between two different actors.

</doc>
<doc id="19455982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455982" title="Bremen High School (Georgia)">
Bremen High School (Georgia)

Bremen High School is a public school, in the Bremen City School District consisting of grades 9-12, located in Bremen, Georgia, United States. There were 492 students as of the 2008 and 2009 school year. The school colors are royal blue and white and their mascot is the Blue Devils.

</doc>
<doc id="19455985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455985" title="Vashka River">
Vashka River

The Vashka () is a river in Udorsky District of the Komi Republic and Leshukonsky and Mezensky Districts of Arkhangelsk Oblast in Russia. It is a left and the biggest tributary of the Mezen River. It is long, and the area of its basin . The principal tributaries of the Vashka are the Mytka (left), the Loptyuga (right), the Yortom (left), the Yevva (right), the Sodzim (right), the Puchkoma (left), the Zyryanskaya Ezhuga (left), and the Chulas (right).
The source of the Vashka is in the south-wast of Udorsky District, close to the border with Arkhangelsk Oblast. The river flows in the general direction of north-west. In the upper course, the Vashka flows in the hilly landscape, and in the lower course it meanders leaving a big number of lakes. The urban type settlement of Blagoyevo is located on the Venyu River, several kilometers east of the Vashka, and the selo of Leshukonskoye, the administrative center of Leshukonsky District, is located on the left bank of the river just upstream from its confluence with the Mezen.
The Vashka freezes up in late October and remains icebound until early May. The river was used for timber rafting till 1990s. 
The Vashka is navigable downstream from the village of Keba, which is almost the whole course of the river within Leshukonsky District.
History.
The area was originally populated by Finno-Ugric peoples and then colonized by the Novgorod Republic. By the 13th century, the Novgorod merchants had already reached the White Sea. The Vashka was used by Novgorod merchants as the trading route to the basin of the Pechora River which was attractive because of the fur. From the Northern Dvina, they went upstream the Pukshenga, then moved to the Pokshenga and downstream to the Pinega. From the Pinega, they used the Yezhuga, the Zyryanskaya Vashka and the Vashka to get to the Mezen, and subsequently the Pyoza and the Tsilma to get to the Pechora.
After the fall of Novgorod, the area became a part of the Grand Duchy of Moscow. The middle course of the Mezen, including the lower course of the Vashka, was where Russian and Komi cultures mixed the most. In the lower course of the Mezen, currently Mezensky District, Russians dominated, whereas in the upper course, currently Udorsky District, Komi dominated.

</doc>
<doc id="19455989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455989" title="Cuvântul Liber">
Cuvântul Liber

Cuvântul Liber (Romanian for "The Free Word") is the name of several Romanian newspapers:

</doc>
<doc id="19455995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19455995" title="Sadykierz, Ropczyce-Sędziszów County">
Sadykierz, Ropczyce-Sędziszów County

Sadykierz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrów, within Ropczyce-Sędziszów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Ostrów, north-west of Ropczyce, and west of the regional capital Rzeszów. The village dates back to the beginning of the 13th century.
History.
In the region near Ocieka there occurred a battle against the Tatars. The Polish knights achieved a resounding victory. To commemorate this, an area close by became known as "‘Góra Tatarska’" "(Tatar Hill)". In 1531 the Grand Crown Hetman, Jan Amor Tarnowski led a Polish army against the Moldavian Prince ("‘Hospodar’") Petru Rareş
in the Battle of Obertyn. Despite being outnumbered four to one, the battle ended with a Polish victory, a complete Tatar surrender and the reconquest of Pokuttya or "‘Pokuttia’" (, , ). Tarnowski brought his Tatar prisoners-of-war back to Ocieka. These prisoners became the first occupants of a new settlement near Ocieka, called "‘Sadykierz’". The name "‘Sadykierz’" has distinct Tatar origins, just as do today's inhabitants of the same village.
The settlement of Sadykierz is located by a post-glacial lake, home to a rare species of white water-lily.
References.
Notes.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19456002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456002" title="Aldo Maccione">
Aldo Maccione

Aldo Maccione (born 27 November 1935) is an Italian film actor. He has appeared in over 50 films since 1964. He was born in Turin, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="19456032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456032" title="Microbiome">
Microbiome

A microbiome is "the ecological community of commensal, symbiotic, and pathogenic microorganisms that literally share our body space." This term was originally coined by Joshua Lederberg, who argued the importance of microorganisms inhabiting the human body in health and disease. Many scientific articles distinguish "microbiome" and "microbiota" to describe either the collective genomes of the microorganisms that reside in an environmental niche or the microorganisms themselves, respectively. However by the original definitions these terms are largely synonymous. 
The human body contains over 10 times more microbial cells than human cells, although the entire microbiome only weighs about , with some weight estimates ranging as high as 3 pounds (approximately 48 ounces or 1,400 grams). Some consider it to be a "newly discovered organ" since its existence was not generally recognized until the late 1990s and it is understood to potentially have overwhelming impact on human health. Modern DNA sequencing techniques have enabled researchers to find the majority of these microbes, since the majority of them cannot be cultured in a lab using current techniques. The human microbiome may be implicated in auto-immune diseases like diabetes, rheumatoid arthritis, muscular dystrophy, multiple sclerosis, fibromyalgia, and perhaps some cancers. Common obesity might also be aggravated by a poor mix of microbes in the gut. Since some of the microbes in our body can modify the production of neurotransmitters known to be found in the brain, we may also find some relief for schizophrenia, depression, bipolar disorder and other neuro-chemical imbalances.
Microbiomes are being characterized in many other environments as well, including soil, seawater and freshwater systems. It is believed that endosymbiosis originally gave rise to more complex organisms, and continued to play a fundamental role in guiding their evolution and expansion into new niches.
The microbes being discussed are generally non-pathogenic (do not cause disease unless they grow abnormally); they exist in harmony and symbiotically with their hosts.
Researchers have learned that much of the population of microbes found in the human body are not bacteria but a very old class of single-celled organisms called archaea.
Introduction.
All plants and animals, from protists to humans, live in close association with microbial organisms, cf. the human microbiome. Up until relatively recently, however, the interactions of plants and animals with the microbial world have been defined mostly in the context of disease states and a relatively small number of symbiotic case studies. Organisms do not live in isolation, but have evolved in the context of complex communities. A number of advances have driven a change in this perception, which include the current ability to perform genomic and gene expression analyses of single cells and even entire microbial communities in the new disciplines of metagenomics and metatranscriptonomics, along with massive databases enabling this information to be accessible to researchers across multiple disciplines, and methods of mathematical analysis that enable sense to be made of complex data sets. It has become increasingly appreciated that microbes make up an important part of an organism's phenotype, far beyond the occasional symbiotic case study.
Case studies.
There is a strengthening consensus among evolutionary biologists that one should not separate an organism's genes from the context of its resident microbes.
Effects on cognition.
Depression.
Microbes are also implicated in depression. The pathogenic bacteria Borrelia burgdorferi causes Lyme disease which causes depression in up to 2/3 of all cases. Non-pathogenic bacteria are also implicated in depression in which bacterial populations are suppressed. One model of depression is periodic separation of infant mice from their mothers. These mice show reductions in Lactobacillus and Bifidobacterium species, functional gut abnormalities, increased corticosterone (stress hormone) levels, weight loss, and causes them to not swim as much in a forced swim test as control mice, indicating behavioural despair. Treating the mice with Lactobacillus lowered corticosterone levels and gut abnormalities. Another experiment has replicated the effect that germ free mice have an exaggerated stress response and also found reduced expression of brain-derived neurotrophic factor in the cortex and hippocampus. Another experiment showed that treating the maternally separated mice with a probiotic culture of Bifodobacterium infantis minimizes weight loss, causes mice to swim longer and causes an increase in the amount of the serotonin precursor tryptophan produced. Increasing serotonin levels through selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors is the primary treatment of depression in humans. Human patients with depression are less able to properly digest fructose, which is also associated with a reduction in tryptophan production. Eliminating fructose from their diet improved their depression.
Anxiety.
Gut microbes are also implicated in anxiety disorders. In humans anxiety disorders are common in patients with disturbed gut flora. The bacteria Campylobacter jejuni has been shown to cause anxious behaviour in mice. Germ free mice show less anxious behaviour and also less NR2B mRNA expression selectively in the central amygdala which might be responsible for the anxiolytic behaviour since NR2B antagonists have an anxiolytic effect on behaviour. The behavioural change might also be caused by increased brain derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) mRNA expression possibly inducing plasticity in the dentate granular layer of the hippocampus. BDNF and the hippocampus are implicated in memory. Increased gut bacterial diversity has been shown to improve both working and reference memory as well as reducing anxiety-like behaviour.
Autism.
Autistic populations have a unique microbiome consisting of more clostridial species. Half of all autistic children with gastrointestinal dysfunction were found to have the bacteria Sutterella which was completely absent in non-autistic children with gastrointestinal dysfunction. There is evidence that for some children with late-onset autism antibiotics can alleviate symptoms temporarily.
Human microbiome.
The human microbiome consists of about 100 trillion microbial cells, outnumbering human cells 10 to 1. Thus it can significantly affect human physiology. For example, in healthy individuals the microbiota provide a wide range of metabolic functions that humans lack. In diseased individuals altered microbiota are associated with diseases such as neonatal necrotizing enterocolitis, inflammatory bowel disease and vaginosis. Thus studying the human microbiome is an important task that has been undertaken by initiatives such as the Human Microbiome Project and MetaHIT.
Studying the human microbiome.
The problem of elucidating the human microbiome is essentially identifying the members of a microbial community which includes bacteria, eukaryotes, and viruses. This is done primarily using DNA-based studies, though RNA, protein and metabolite based studies are also performed. DNA-based microbiome studies typically can be categorized as either targeted amplicon studies or more recently shotgun metagenomic studies. The former focuses on specific known marker genes and is primarily informative taxonomically, while the latter is an entire metagenomic approach which can also be used to study the functional potential of the community. One of the challenges that is present in human microbiome studies but not in other metagenomic studies is to avoid including the host DNA in the study.
Presence of a core microbiome.
Aside from simply elucidating the composition of the human microbiome, one of the major questions involving the human microbiome is whether there is a "core", that is, whether there is a subset of the community that is shared between most humans. If there is a core, then it would be possible to associate certain community compositions with disease states, which is one of the goals of the Human Microbiome Project. It is known that the human microbiome is highly variable both within a single subject and between different individuals. For example, the gut microbiota of humans is markedly dissimilar between individuals, a phenomenon which is also observed in mice. Hamady and Knight show that one can rule out the possibility that any species is shared among all humans at more than 0.9% abundance in the gut or at more than 2% abundance on hands. Although there is very little species level conservation between individuals, it has been shown that this may be a result of functional redundancy as different communities tend to converge on the same functional state.
On 13 June 2012, a major milestone of the Human Microbiome Project (HMP) was announced by the NIH director Francis Collins. The announcement was accompanied with a series of coordinated articles published in Nature and several journals in the Public Library of Science (PLoS) on the same day. By mapping the normal microbial make-up of healthy humans using genome sequencing techniques, the researchers of the HMP have created a reference database and the boundaries of normal microbial variation in humans. From 242 healthy U.S. volunteers, more than 5,000 samples were collected from tissues from 15 (men) to 18 (women) body sites such as mouth, nose, skin, lower intestine (stool), and vagina. All the DNA, human and microbial, were analyzed with DNA sequencing machines. The microbial genome data were extracted by identifying the bacterial specific ribosomal RNA, 16S rRNA. The researchers calculated that more than 10,000 microbial species occupy the human ecosystem and they have identified 81 – 99% of the genera.
Hologenome theory of evolution.
The hologenome theory proposes that the object of natural selection is not the individual organism, but the organism together with its associated microbial communities.
The hologenome theory originated in studies on coral reefs. Coral reefs are the largest structures created by living organisms, and contain abundant and highly complex microbial communities. Over the past several decades, major declines in coral populations have occurred. Climate change, water pollution and over-fishing are three stress factors that have been described as leading to disease susceptibility. Over twenty different coral diseases have been described, but of these, only a handful have had their causative agents isolated and characterized. Coral bleaching is the most serious of these diseases. In the Mediterranean Sea, the bleaching of "Oculina patagonica" was first described in 1994 and shortly determined to be due to infection by "Vibrio shiloi". From 1994 to 2002, bacterial bleaching of "O. patagonica" occurred every summer in the eastern Mediterranean. Surprisingly, however, after 2003, "O. patagonica" in the eastern Mediterranean has been resistant to "V. shiloi" infection, although other diseases still cause bleaching. The surprise stems from the knowledge that corals are long lived, with lifespans on the order of decades, and do not have adaptive immune systems. Their innate immune systems do not produce antibodies, and they should seemingly not be able to respond to new challenges except over evolutionary time scales. The puzzle of how corals managed to acquire resistance to a specific pathogen led Eugene Rosenberg and Ilana Zilber-Rosenberg to propose the Coral Probiotic Hypothesis. This hypothesis proposes that a dynamic relationship exists between corals and their symbiotic microbial communities. By altering its composition, this "holobiont" can adapt to changing environmental conditions far more rapidly than by genetic mutation and selection alone. Extrapolating this hypothesis of adaptation and evolution to other organisms, including higher plants and animals, led to the proposal of the Hologenome Theory of Evolution.
The hologenome theory is still being debated. A major criticism has been the claim that "V. shiloi" was misidentified as the causative agent of coral bleaching, and that its presence in bleached "O. patagonica" was simply that of opportunistic colonization. If this is true, the basic observation leading to the theory would be invalid. Nevertheless, the theory has gained significant popularity as a way of explaining rapid changes in adaptation that cannot otherwise be explained by traditional mechanisms of natural selection. For those who accept the hologenome theory, the holobiont has become the principal unit of natural selection.
Research methods.
Targeted amplicon sequencing.
Targeted amplicon sequencing relies on having some expectations about the composition of the community that is being studied. In target amplicon sequencing a phylogenetically informative marker is targeted for sequencing. Such a marker should be present in ideally all the expected organisms. It should also evolve in such a way that it is conserved enough that primers can target genes from a wide range of organisms while evolving quickly enough to allow for finer resolution at the taxonomic level. A common marker for human microbiome studies is the gene for bacterial 16S rRNA ("i.e." "16S rDNA", the sequence of DNA which encodes the ribosomal RNA molecule). Since ribosomes are present in all living organisms, using 16S rDNA allows for DNA to be amplified from many more organisms than if another marker were used. The 16S rDNA gene contains both slowly evolving regions and fast evolving regions; the former can be used to design broad primers while the latter allow for finer taxonomic distinction. However, species-level resolution is not typically possible using the 16S rDNA. Primer selection is an important step, as anything that cannot be targeted by the primer will not be amplified and thus will not be detected. Different sets of primers have been shown to amplify different taxonomic groups due to sequence variation.
Targeted studies of eukaryotic and viral communities are limited and subject to the challenge of excluding host DNA from amplification and the reduced eukaryotic and viral biomass in the human microbiome.
After the amplicons are sequenced, molecular phylogenetic methods are used to infer the composition of the microbial community. This is done by clustering the amplicons into operational taxonomic units (OTUs) and inferring phylogenetic relationships between the sequences. Due to the complexity of the data, distance measures such as UniFrac distances are usually defined between microbiome samples, and downstream multivariate methods are carried out on the distance matrices. An important point is that the scale of data is extensive, and further approaches must be taken to identify patterns from the available information. Tools used to analyze the data include VAMPS, QIIME and mothur.
Metagenomic sequencing.
Metagenomics is also used extensively for studying microbial communities. In metagenomic sequencing, DNA is recovered directly from environmental samples in an untargeted manner with the goal of obtaining an unbiased sample from all genes of all members of the community. Recent studies use shotgun Sanger sequencing or pyrosequencing to recover the sequences of the reads. The reads can then be assembled into contigs. To determine the phylogenetic identity of a sequence, it is compared to available full genome sequences using methods such as BLAST. One drawback of this approach is that many members of microbial communities do not have a representative sequenced genome.
Despite the fact that metagenomics is limited by the availability of reference sequences, one significant advantage of metagenomics over targeted amplicon sequencing is that metagenomics data can elucidate the functional potential of the community DNA. Targeted gene surveys cannot do this as they only reveal the phylogenetic relationship between the same gene from different organisms. Functional analysis is done by comparing the recovered sequences to databases of metagenomic annotations such as KEGG. The metabolic pathways that these genes are involved in can then be predicted with tools such as MG-RAST, CAMERA and IMG/M.
RNA and protein-based approaches.
Metatranscriptomics studies have been performed to study the gene expression of microbial communities through methods such as the pyrosequencing of extracted RNA. Structure based studies have also identified non-coding RNAs (ncRNAs) such as ribozymes from microbiota. Metaproteomics is a new approach that studies the proteins expressed by microbiota, giving insight into its functional potential.
Projects.
The Human Microbiome Project (HMP) is a United States National Institutes of Health initiative with the goal of identifying and characterizing the microorganisms which are found in association with both healthy and diseased humans (their microbial flora). Launched in 2008, it is a five-year project, best characterized as a feasibility study, and has a total budget of $115 million. The ultimate goal of this and similar NIH-sponsored microbiome projects is to test how changes in the human microbiome are associated with human health or disease.
The Earth Microbiome Project (EMP) is an initiative to collect natural samples and analyze the microbial community around the globe. Microbes are highly abundant, diverse and have an important role in the ecological system. Yet , it was estimated that the total global environmental DNA sequencing effort had produced less than 1 percent of the total DNA found in a liter of seawater or a gram of soil, and the specific interactions between microbes are largely unknown. The EMP aims to process as many as 200,000 samples in different biomes, generating a complete database of microbes on earth to characterize environments and ecosystems by microbial composition and interaction. Using these data, new ecological and evolutionary theories can be proposed and tested.
The Brazilian Microbiome Project (BMP) aims to assemble a Brazilian Microbiome Consortium/Database. At present, many metagenomic projects underway in Brazil are widely known. Our goal is to co-ordinate and standardize these, together with future projects. This is the first attempt to collect and collate information about Brazilian microbial genetic and functional diversity in a systematic and holistic manner. New sequence data have been generated from samples collected in all Brazilian regions, however the success of the BMP depends on a massive collaborative effort of both the Brazilian and international scientific communities. Therefore, we invite all colleagues to participate in this project. There is no prioritization of specific taxonomic groups, studies could include any ecosystem, and all proposals and any help will be very welcome.
Conclusion.
Many more case studies exist than the few presented in this article, which illustrate the diverse interactions that have been shown to exist between macro organisms and their microbial inhabitants. Elucidation of these interactions has required new technologies and an interdisciplinary approach. Genomics and ecology, once separate disciplines, are showing rapid convergence, and may together allow us to understand the molecular basis underlying the adaptations and interactions of the communities of life.

</doc>
<doc id="19456038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456038" title="Piuru">
Piuru

Piuru () is a town in Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="19456049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456049" title="Kevin Tinsley">
Kevin Tinsley

Kevin "Stickman" Tinsley is an American comics creator and publisher.
Early life.
Kevin Tinsley, also known as Stickman, was born in Richmond, Virginia. He attended Virginia Commonwealth University, where he acquired a Bachelor of Arts degree in Painting and Printmaking with minors in Art History, as well as Philosophy and Religious Studies. Afterwards, he attended the Joe Kubert School of Cartoon and Graphic Art in Dover, New Jersey from which he graduated in 1989.
Career.
Tinsley began working for Marvel Comics in 1990, initially doing art corrections as one of Romita’s Raiders, before moving into the production department, colloquially known as the Bullpen. Tinsley rose to the position of Senior Cover Coordinator where he oversaw the production workflow of cover mechanicals. Between 1994 and 1996, Marvel made a transition from all analogue hand-pasted mechanicals to a company-wide digital workflow. During this time, Tinsley was assigned the task of spearheading this transition within the production department, where he trained personnel and developed new production and prepress techniques unique to the comic industry.
He left staff in 1996 to focus on his career as a freelance comic-book colorist, which he had begun several years earlier as the regular colorist on such titles as Spider-Man and . He also wrote the how-to book "Digital Prepress for Comic Books", which he published in November 1999 under the imprint Stickman Graphics. The sales of this book provided the financial foundation on which Tinsley began publishing his own first-run graphic novels, including "The Festering Season" and the "Stonehaven" series.
In December 2001, Marvel Comics asked all colorists to submit bids for coloring work so that it could lower its production costs, leading Tinsley to sever his freelance ties with the company.
Tinsley has continued his career in prepress and production in the publishing and advertising industries, while creating and publishing his own books for Stickman Graphics.

</doc>
<doc id="19456050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456050" title="Michał Mitko">
Michał Mitko

Michał Mitko (born December 12, 1988 in Rybnik, Poland) is a Polish speedway rider who is a member of Poland U-21 team. He is current Team U-21 World Champion.

</doc>
<doc id="19456067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456067" title="Polish Radio Wilno">
Polish Radio Wilno

Polish Radio Wilno () was a station of the Polish Radio, located in the city of Wilno (now Vilnius, Lithuania), which in the interbellum period belonged to the Second Polish Republic. 
Irregular daily broadcasts began on November 28, 1927, and on December 4, 1927, the station began its normal operation. Official opening ceremony took place on January 15, 1928. Original frequency was 690 kHz, but it was changed several times, and since mid-1930s, until the outbreak of World War II, the frequency was 536 kHz.
In the years 1927–1931, the station was located in Wilno’s district of Zwierzyniec (). In 1931 a new transmitting station was opened in the district of Lipówka (). It had one 16 kW transmitter (increased to 50 kW in 1936) and an antenna mounted between two 70 meter towers. Yet another station was under construction in the district of Krzyżówka (), but the outbreak of World War II prevented its completion.
Among most popular broadcasts there was daily transmission of Roman Catholic mass services from the famous chapel of Ostra Brama.
The Lipówka station was bombed by German Luftwaffe on September 16, 1939, during Germany's Polish September Campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="19456070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456070" title="Davey Glen Park">
Davey Glen Park

Davey Glen Park is a piece of parkland set aside by the city of Belmont, California, in 2000 as part of an upscale housing development nearby.
The layout of Davey Glen Park is similar to that of Twin Pines park and other parks in Belmont. There is a flat area with a slope and a stream below it. The bay and Mount Diablo are partially visible through the Eucalyptus trees. It is close to a neighborhood shopping area. The park is located near the top of a steep grade, and there is a privately owned concrete walking path trail that provides access to the residents on North Road. This walking path was donated by the two adjacent homeowners (one of which was a former mayor of Belmont). 

</doc>
<doc id="19456074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456074" title="Gianni Cavina">
Gianni Cavina

Gianni Cavina (born 9 December 1940) is an Italian film actor. He has appeared in more than 45 films since 1949.
Born in Bologna, Cavina trained as a stage actor at the Teatro Stabile di Bologna, under the direction of Franco Parenti. He made his film debut in the 1968 horror "Balsamus, l'uomo di Satana", directed by Pupi Avati, with whom he had a long collaboration, starring in a large number of his films.

</doc>
<doc id="19456087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456087" title="Styropian">
Styropian

Styropian – Pidzama Porno's fifth album, released in 1998 by S.P. Records. Album was recorded in Studio CZAD in Swarzedz.
The band.
and also:
orchestra:

</doc>
<doc id="19456095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456095" title="BoatUS">
BoatUS

Boat Owners Association of The United States, better known as BoatU.S., is an American association of boat owners offering various services supporting recreational boat and trailer towing activities. Among their services are boat insurance and boat loans, discounts on boating-related products and services, mediation services with manufacturers and dealers, a product recall alert registry, and lobbying organization on behalf of boat owners. The organization is based in Alexandria, Virginia, and promotes itself “The Nation’s Largest Recreational Boating Association”.
BoatU.S. also gave rise to the organization that would be eventually called the BoatU.S. Foundation for Boating Safety and Clean Water, a 501(c)(3) charitable organization that promotes safe boating and environmentally responsible boating practices and BoatU.S. ANGLER, a version of BoatU.S. with benefits tailored for fishermen. 

</doc>
<doc id="19456101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456101" title="Cuvântul Liber (1924)">
Cuvântul Liber (1924)

Cuvântul Liber (Romanian for "The Free Word") was a Romanian political and cultural weekly published by Eugen Filotti from 1924 to 1925. Writers such as Ion Barbu, Victor Eftimiu and Tudor Arghezi or musicians, such as George Enescu or film critics such as the publisher's brother Mircea Filotti were among the contributors.

</doc>
<doc id="19456107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456107" title="Districts of Uzbekistan">
Districts of Uzbekistan

The provinces of Uzbekistan are divided into districts ("tuman"). The districts are listed by province, in the general direction from west to east. Names often transliterated from Russian.
Samarqand.
Latinization of district names according to Samarqand regional web site on gov.uz
Qashqadaryo.
Latinization of district names according to Qashqadaryo Province web site on gov.uz
Surxondaryo.
Bandikhon and Kizirik Districts was merged in December 2010 [http://ca-news.org/news/552491]
Tashkent.
Toshkent and Zangiota Districts was merged in August 2010 [http://norma.uz/publish/doc/text57735_o_merah_po_realizacii_postanovleniy_zakonodatelnoy_palaty_i_senata_oliy_majlisa_respubliki_uzbekistan?month=2&year=2014]
Latinization of district names according to Tashkent regional web site on gov.uz
Fergana.
Ohunboboev District was renamed to Qo'shtepa District in August 2010.
Latinization of district names according to Fergana regional web site on gov.uz
Andijan.
Latinization of district names according to Andijan regional web site on gov.uz
Source: "Administrative-Territorial Division of the Republic of Uzbekistan", map, State Committee on Land Resources, Geodesy, Cartography, and State Cadastre, Tashkent, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19456111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456111" title="Arlis Perry">
Arlis Perry

Arlis Perry, a newlywed 19-year-old North Dakota native, was killed in Stanford Memorial Church on the grounds of Stanford University on October 12, 1974. Her murder remains unsolved as of late 2013.
She was found murdered with an ice pick in the church in the early morning hours of October 13, 1974. Perry was sexually assaulted with altar candles.
David Berkowitz, the notorious "Son of Sam" killer from New York City, mentioned the Perry murder in a few letters, suggesting that he heard details of the crime from "Manson II", the culprit. In the "San Jose Mercury News", Jessie Seyfer noted that "investigators interviewed in prison and now believe he has nothing of value to offer" regarding the Perry case.
Arlis' surviving husband, Bruce D. Perry, M.D., Ph.D., is a clinician and researcher in children's mental health and the neurosciences, and an internationally-recognized authority on children in crisis. Dr. Perry is a prominent debunker of "Satanic Panic".

</doc>
<doc id="19456121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456121" title="Filling the tree">
Filling the tree

In United States Senate procedure, filling the tree is the process in which a piece of legislation in the Senate has all of its possible opportunities for amendments filled by the majority leader. It is not a new tactic, but has seen an increase in prevalence over the past few decades. It is also not always a surefire tactic: there have been cases where filling the tree has caused controversy and conflict on pieces of legislation.
Overview.
The Senate majority leader has a traditional right to be recognized first for the purposes of offering a sufficient number of amendments on legislation. The term itself is a colloquial name for the diagram used to show the shaping of amendments to a bill. The trunk of the tree represents the bill, while the branches reflect the corresponding amendments.
Majority leaders fill the tree to introduce first- and second-degree amendments that block other senators from offering further amendments because the Senate cannot move on to another amendment without unanimous consent or overcoming a filibuster on the motion to put the other amendment before the body. Depending on the particular bill, one of four trees may be used: the first tree has room for three amendments, the second and third trees have room for five amendments, and the fourth tree has room for 11 (12 in rare instances) amendments. To fill the tree, none of the slots may be left available.
Consequences.
The majority leader must assess the risk in deciding to fill the tree. Some senators will reject a bill if they feel they have not been given an adequate opportunity to offer amendments. For example, Senator Susan Collins of Maine voted against the 2010 Defense Authorization Bill although she largely supported the substance of the bill, citing the filling of the amendment tree by Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada.
Frequency of use.
While filling the tree is not a new convention, it is becoming more and more prevalent according to a recent study. The study also concluded that filling the tree occurred more during and after the 109th Congress than in any previous Congress.

</doc>
<doc id="19456126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456126" title="Manuel de Sarratea">
Manuel de Sarratea

Manuel de Sarratea, (Buenos Aires, August 11 1774 – Limoges, France, 21 September 1849), was an Argentine diplomat, politician and soldier. He was the son of Martin de Sarratea (1743-1813), of the richest merchant of Buenos-Aires and Tomasa Josefa de Altolaguirre. His sister Martina de Sarrateas (1772-1805) married Santiago de Liniers, vice-roy del Rio de la Plata.
First Triumvirate.
Sarratea was educated in Madrid. He returned to the country to work as a diplomat. He participated in the May Revolution of 1810 and per advice from Belgrano he was named ambassador in Río de Janeiro. When the Primera Junta was dissolved, he returned and took part on the following government body, the so-called First Triumvirate. One of the Triumvirate's political accomplishments was a treaty signed with vicerroy Francisco Javier de Elío, where the Banda Oriental (present-day Uruguay was ceded to the crown.
In 1812, after the change of government in Montevideo, the treaty was broken and the war against the royalists in the city was resumed. Most of the Criollo soldiers had abandoned the territory, following their caudillo, José Artigas. Sarratea took charge of the army in the Banda Oriental, making his primary mission to get back the troops from Artigas. He attempted to convince him and when this failed he attempted to bribe him, also without success. He then declared Artigas a traitor but this measure was rejected by the rest of the Triumvirate.
The Triumvirate was dominated by minister Rivadavia, until its fall in October 1812. Sarratea continued to be in charge of the Banda Oriental army until the first part of the following year, when he was replaced by José Rondeau. Only when the ex-Triumvir Sarratea left, did Artigas and his men return to the siege of Montevideo.
Sarratea remained inactive for more than two years, until Director Gervasio Posadas sent him on a diplomatic mission to Madrid and London. Arriving in Spain he offered the recently restored king, Ferdinand VII, the submission of the United Provinces to the Spanish crown under a certain autonomy. Instead he was treated as the representative of a group of rebels and had to leave and go to England.
Buenos Aires Governor.
Sarratea returned to Buenos Aires in mid-1816, and was named government minister of foreign relations for the Supreme Director, Juan Martín de Pueyrredón. He later resigned for health reasons and made contacts within the porteño political opposition, so he was expelled and exiled to Montevideo by order of the same Director.
After the battle of Cepeda he joined the federalist army commanded by Estanislao López and Francisco Ramírez. They then sent him as their representative to the Buenos Aires Cabildo, whom he convinced to name him provincial governor. He assumed the governorship on February 18, 1820 and soon after he signed the Treay of Pilar with the federalist chiefs, through which the Buenos Aires province agreed to be recognized as equal to the other United Provinces.
AS one of the secret clauses of the treaty, he promised the delivery of armament to the federalist caudillos. When the Buenos Aires military found he was to deliver armament, they raised against him, and deposed him on March 6, replacing him with general Balcarce. He lasted only one week as governor, when general Ramírez threatened with attacking the city if they did not deliver the promised armament.
Sarratea assumed government again on May 11, and also gave Ramírez some military units under the command of colonel Mansilla. Sarratea could not contain the permanent state of anarchy in the province, nor gain the obedience and trust of the military, so he was forced to resign at the end of May.
He joined Ramírez's army in his campaign against Artigas, and defeating him was probably his greatest personal success. Later on he took part in the preparations for the war Ramirez would fight against Buenos Aires, Santa Fé and Córdoba, which ended in disaster. Sarratea then recused himself from politics for a time.
Diplomatic missions.
On August 31, 1825, Juan Gregorio de Las Heras, named Sarratea as "Encargado de Negocios de las Provincias Unidas del Río de la Plata cerca de Gran Bretaña" (Commercial representative of the United Provinces of the River Plate to Great Britain).
President Rivadavia sent him in 1826 to be the United Provinces representative in London again. There he supported the British policy of separating the Banda Oriental from the rest of the provinces, which was accomplished in 1828. Governor Manuel Dorrego kept him as ambassador, and Juan Manuel de Rosas later named him ambassador to Brazil and France.

</doc>
<doc id="19456132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456132" title="Gornje Košlje">
Gornje Košlje

Gornje Košlje () is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Ljubovija municipality, in the Mačva District of Central Serbia. The village had a Serb ethnic majority and a population of 649 in 2002. 

</doc>
<doc id="19456135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456135" title="The Washington Restaurant Association">
The Washington Restaurant Association

Founded in 1929, The Washington Restaurant Association is a restaurant industry business association in the state of Washington with 5,000 member companies, representing a total of 12,000 restaurants. The WRA is sanctioned by the National Restaurant Association.
Activities.
The association, in conjunction with the Education Foundation, develops a variety of educational classes, such as food safety and Alcohol Server Training, and business assistance programs, such as a workers’ compensation program, health insurance and financial and legal consultation.
The association represents its members in lobbying efforts through its government relations services. The WRA political action committee contributed $717,900 to federal candidates in 2012, with around 17% going to Democrats, and 83% to Republicans. 

</doc>
<doc id="19456152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456152" title="Luigi Bonos">
Luigi Bonos

Luigi Bonos (1910 – 2000) was an Italian comedian and stage, television and film actor. He appeared in 72 films between 1945 and 1992. 
Born in Berlin, Germany, the son of two Hungarian circus artists, along with his brothers Vittorio (1908 - 1966) and Giovanni (1907-1956) Bonos formed a trio of comedians who met large success in the avanspettacolo and revue theater between 1930s and 1940s. He made his film debut in 1951, and since then he appeared in dozens of comedy films, usually as a character actor.

</doc>
<doc id="19456153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456153" title="University Development Center">
University Development Center

A University Development Center (UDC) is an educational-work co-operational program that was founded by Smiths Aerospace in 2005, which was acquired in 2007 by GE Aviation, in Houghton, Michigan. The program employs students from the local Michigan Technological University to work on programs that the company is currently working. This provides real world work experience for future engineers as well as provide cost effective outsourcing for GE Aviation in the United States.
In 2007, the Houghton UDC moved to the once condemned Houghton Power House located near the Houghton/Hancock Lift Bridge. The project was an ambitious one on part of both GE and MTech SmartZone, with the support of the Michigan Economic Development Corp in excess of 1 million dollars.
Currently one other UDC program has been founded by GE Aviation: Kansas State University in Manhattan, Kansas

</doc>
<doc id="19456154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456154" title="Alfred Saupe">
Alfred Saupe

Alfred Saupe (February 14, 1925 – August 3, 2008) was a German Physicist born in Badenweiler, who laid groundbreaking work in the area of liquid crystal studies.
Biography.
Saupe, son of a hotelier, attended elementary school in Badenweiler and high school in the neighboring town of Müllheim. In 1943, during his senior year, he was drafted into the army during World War II, later he served in the Luftwaffe, and finally trained as a paratrooper. In January 1945, he was captured in the Netherlands and became a POW in England. After he was freed in 1948, he completed his high school education in 1949 at the Freiburg Berthold-Gymnasium and began his study of Physics at the Albert-Ludwigs-University in Freiburg.
Career.
He received his PhD for his work with the Dr. Wilhelm Maier's liquid crystal group. During that time he completed his ground breaking work on the nematic-isotropic phase tranisition (Maier-Saupe Theory)
. After his promotion in 1958 he stayed on at the University's Physics Institute and began his work with UV spectroscopic studies on liquid crystals and the method to verify the Frank Elastic constants. In 1961, he transferred to the "Freiburger Institut für Elektrowerkstoffe" and became Maier's research assistant. During this time Saupe began performing NMR studies of liquid crystals. He played a lead role in first discovery of NMR spectroscopy in partially oriented media in 1963, and in a very fundamental paper he was also able to present the essential theory to describe and understand the observable phenomena only one year later. In 1965, after the unexpected death of his mentor Maier, he transferred to the group of Hans-Joachim Cantow at the "Freiburger Institut für Makromolekulare Chemie", that at the time had one of the world's only superconducting NMR spectrometers.
In 1968, Saupe worked as a visiting professor at the Liquid Crystal Institute at Kent State University, and the following year he became a tenured professor of Physics at Kent State. There he continued his NMR studies, concentrating on the chiral smectic phases and the elastic characteristics of nematic liquid crystals. Saupe retired from Kent State University in 1992 and became the director of the "Max-Planck-Arbeitsgruppe Flüssigkristalline Systeme" at the University of Halle, Germany. He spent his final years, when he was ill of Parkinsons, back in his home town of Badenweiler.
For his work he received the Nernst Prize in 1974, the Humboldt Prize in 1987, the Kent State Presidents Medal in 1992, and the Freederiksz Medal in 1999. He also became one of the first honored members of the International Liquid Crystal Society in 1998. In commemoration of Dr. Alfred Saupe, The German Liquid Crystal Society began awarding the Alfred Saupe prize to outstanding individuals from all areas of research and technology involving liquid crystals and mesophases.
Prizes.
Nerst-Haber-Bodenstein-Preis the German Bunsengesellschaft (1974)<br>
Humboldt Prize (1987)<br>
Guest at the Max-Planck-Institut for Polymer Studies in Mainz (1987)<br>
Kent State President's Medal (1992)<br>
Invitation to the Wissensshaftkolleg in Berlin (1998)<br>
Honored member of the International Liquid Crystal Society (1998)<br>
Freedericksz Medal the Russian Liquid Crystal Society (1999)
Publications.
Patricia E. Cladis, Peter Palffy-Muhoray: Dynamics and Defects in Liquid Crystals: A Festschrift in Honor of Alfred Saupe, CRC Press, 1998<br>
A Jakli, A Saupe:One- and Two-dimensional Fluids: Properties of Smectic, Lamellar and Columnar Liquid Crystals, CRC Press, 2006

</doc>
<doc id="19456160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456160" title="Hartford Steam Boiler Inspection and Insurance Company">
Hartford Steam Boiler Inspection and Insurance Company

The Hartford Steam Boiler Inspection and Insurance Company (HSB) founded in 1866 and headquartered in Hartford, Connecticut, U.S., is a global specialty insurer and reinsurer. The company is the largest provider of equipment breakdown insurance and related inspection services in North America serving over five million commercial locations. 
Hartford Steam Boiler subsidiaries include the Boiler Inspection and Insurance Company of Canada (BI&I), the largest insurer of equipment breakdown insurance in Canada and HSB Engineering Insurance Limited of the U.K., which provides engineered lines coverages and inspection services to clients in the UK., Ireland and other EU countries.
The Hartford Steam Boiler group is part of Munich Re, one of the world’s largest reinsurers. Munich Re completed its acquisition of HSB in April, 2009. 
Hartford Steam Boiler Group is rated A++ (Superior) by A.M. Best Company. On October 25, 2013, A.M. Best Co. affirmed the ratings of the Hartford Steam Boiler group and its member companies.
Hartford Steam Boiler (U.S.) provides equipment breakdown coverage through a network of brokers and agents and also through other insurance companies who partner with HSB and who include equipment breakdown as a value added element of their insurance products for commercial lines and personal lines customers.
Equipment breakdown insurance, also known as “boiler and machinery,” covers physical and financial damage that results from an accidental equipment breakdown to a range of equipment, machinery and technology. Standard property coverages typically exclude perils of mechanical and electrical breakdown. Equipment breakdown coverage was originally designed for business and industry. In recent years, HSB has extended the product concept to the farm owners and home owners markets. 
The company also provides a range of other specialty insurance products including insurance for identity recovery, data compromise, employment practices liability and miscellaneous professional liability that it designs and distributes through other insurance companies in reinsurance service agreements. 
Hartford Steam Boiler employs over 1,200 engineers, inspectors and technicians, approximately 50 percent of its total workforce. The company uses its engineering knowledge and technical skills to help customers understand risk, reduce the potential for loss and speed business recovery if they do experience loss.
Early History.
The Hartford Steam Boiler Inspection and Insurance Company was founded on June 30, 1866. The company was conceived at a time when catastrophic boiler explosions were common events, one occurring about every four days.
Steam Power and the Industrial Revolution.
Up until the 1850s in the United States, a great deal of manufacturing was carried on by small plants located in rural areas. Water from streams and rivers was the source of power for equipment. However, water power had reached the limits of its industrial capacity. Manufacturers turned to steam boilers and engines. The industrial revolution was underway.
The advent of steam power created a new industrial hazard – disastrous boiler explosions. These tragedies occurred with increasing frequency with loss of life and property. Though the potential of steam power seemed infinite, controlling the power and safely harnessing it was crudely developed. And, as applications for steam power became more complex, the dangers became more acute.
Polytechnic Club Addresses Issue of Boiler Explosions.
During this time, a group of industrialists and business leaders in Hartford, Connecticut, formed a group to discuss technical and scientific issues of the day. This group, the Polytechnic Club, included such distinguished business people as Francis A. Pratt and Amos Whitney the founders of the Pratt & Whitney, and Elisha Root, president of Colt’s Patent Firearms Manufacturing Co., among others.
One of the founders of the Polytechnic Club was Jeremiah M. Allen, who would become president of The Hartford Steam Boiler Inspection and Insurance Company and the principal American figure to develop and apply the principle of combining boiler inspections with insurance.
See also.
HSB Website

</doc>
<doc id="19456202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456202" title="Chignecto Basin">
Chignecto Basin

The Chignecto Basin is a basin between New Brunswick and Nova Scotia of southeastern Canada. It is a sub-basin of the Fundy Basin.

</doc>
<doc id="19456208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456208" title="FIPFA">
FIPFA

FIPFA, the Fédération Internationale de Powerchair Football Association, is the international governing body of powerchair football. It is headquartered in Paris in France.
In 2006, representatives of 9 nations met in Coimbra in Portugal and then in Atlanta in the United States to develop a standardized set of laws for the game and to form and international governing body.
Organization.
FIPFA is governed by an Executive Council with 10 members, each elected for 4 years. The President supervises the proposals put forth by commissions that work together for the development of the discipline throughout the world. 
FIPFA is organized similar to FIFA, with several international zones. Currently, the only organized zone is the European Powerchair Football Association (EPFA), although the Powerchair Football Conference of the Americas (PFCA) is currently in the process of being organized. Eventually, the goal is to have zones for Asia and Africa as well.
Rules.
The rules of the game are fairly simple like regular football (soccer.) The object of the game is to kick (using a specially designed wheelchair) the ball into the goal. There are three players on the field at the same time plus a goalie.
World Cup.
There are competitions every four years. The first World Cup competition was hosted in Japan in 2007, and was won by the US National Team. The US team successfully defended its title in Paris in 2011.
The game is for disabled and handicapped people.

</doc>
<doc id="19456233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456233" title="1953 Individual Speedway World Championship">
1953 Individual Speedway World Championship

The 1953 Individual Speedway World Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19456241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456241" title="Abdelkader Belliraj">
Abdelkader Belliraj

Abdelkader Belliraj (, ; born 1957, Nador) is a Moroccan-Belgian citizen who was found guilty in 2009 of arms smuggling and planning terrorist attacks in Morocco.
Petty criminal in the 1980s.
In the 1980s, he was convicted in Belgium of assault and battery (1986), followed by convictions for breach of trust, arms trafficking, and trafficking in false passports with accomplices inside the Moroccan consulates of Belgium (1987), as well as embezzlement (1989).
Hold-up in 2000.
A Belgian-Moroccan gang organized the successful hold-up of a Brinks agency at Kehlen, Luxembourg on April 17, 2000. They stole 17,000,000 Euros. Abdellatif Bekhti was arrested and sentenced to 20 years imprisonment in Luxembourg in January 2003. He succeeded in escaping two months later with the help of his gang. He then took refuge in his native Morocco. He allegedly laundered 2,500,000 Euros in Morocco, where he was re-arrested in 2008, along with the so-called "Belliraj network".
On October 31, 2008, the son of Abdelkader Belliraj, Omar Belliraj, as well as Abdellatif Bekhti's brother, Abderahim Bekhti, appeared before the Correctional Court of Brussels for laundering money from the Brink's hold up (on charges that had been slightly reduced to robbing €15,000,000). Abderahim Bekhti then said, "Yes, my brother committed the hold up in Luxembourg and he took away more than 600 million Belgian francs. He was condemned to 20 years and he escaped. Then, he was taken in by Belliraj who told him he would invest the money. He invested in hotels and my brother never again saw his money. Thence, there is no whitewashing. I bought a Porsche, that's all.". The judicial correspondent of La Dernière Heure mentions that both Abderahim Bekhti and Omar Belliraj laundered the money by buying four Porsches, one Mercedes, a Honda motorcycle and a jet ski, with €500 banknotes only.
Political and alleged terrorist career.
Marxist-Leninist sympathiser in the 1970s.
During his youth in the 1970s, Belliraj probably was a sympathiser of Ila Al Amam, a Moroccan Marxist-Leninist clandestine (but nonviolent) organization (now the Annahj Addimocrati party), and had contact with Mustapha Moatassim, who 20 years later became one of the founders of the Al Badil Al Hadari party, a small legalist Islamist party with exceptionally good relations with the legalist Far Left Parti Socialiste Unifié and with Moroccan human rights organizations. Moatassim and another leader of this party were arrested alongside Belliraj in February 2008 and the party was officially disbanded by the Moroccan government.
Panarabist activist and Belgian trade-unionist in the 1980s.
In the 1980s, Belliraj was an activist of the Arab section of the Belgian Christian trade-union, led by Panarabist Moroccan Lekbir Nouri. However, there are only Abdelkader Belliraj’s own words to substantiate the allegation of his so-called union activism. The Christian trade union stated that Belliraj was never an employee of its organization or has never been a member in any way (affiliation being a condition for recognition as a union activist).
Nouri and his companions travelled a lot in the Middle East, notably in Libya and Iraq, both for political reasons and to get money from the oil-rich Arab "progressive" regimes. A delegation of this Arab section, including Belliraj, met in Iran with Ayatollah Khomeini in 1981. There were allegations of embezzlement in 1989 against both Nouri and Belliraj, who allegedly disposed of large amounts of Libyan and Iraqi funds for their personal use.
Informant of the Belgian State Security Service since the 1990s.
At some point in the 1990s, Belliraj became an informant for the main Belgian intelligence agency, the Sûreté de l'État, infiltrating criminal organizations, and even having dinner with Osama bin Laden less than two weeks before the September 11 attacks. Belliraj turned over large amounts of information regarding Al Qaeda to Belgian authorities. It has also been alleged that he could have been as well an informant for the CIA and/or for a Moroccan secret service.
Alleged murders in 1988–1989.
Belliraj allegedly committed a series of murders in 1986–1989, being paid $300 for three of them by Abu Nidal. Some of them were claimed in Beirut by the Soldiers of the Right. In the 1990s, Belliraj allegedly became involved with international criminal and terrorist networks, working as a "money man.". However, he recanted all these "confessions" later, through his attorney. He also stated in an open letter, written in August 2008 and published by the Belgian newspaper Le Soir, that they had been extorted under torture, a practice common in the Moroccan police system.
Belliraj's purported confessions included the murders of:
Arms trafficker in the 2000s.
Belliraj and 37 others were arrested in Morocco in January and February 2008; their arrests were made public on 18 February 2008. They were accused of stockpiling weapons for terrorist attacks. Belliraj denied the charges, claiming that the weapons were cached in the 1990s, intended to support (or to be sold to) Islamic radicals in Algeria. Claims have been made that these weapons could have been part of an attempt by the Belgian secret service to infiltrate Belliraj inside an Algerian terrorist organization; they were discovered at Beni Chiker, near Nador in the Rif region, an area well known for drug and weapon trafficking.
Trial.
Belliraj's trial was docketed for October 16, 2008, at the Salé Criminal Appeal Court in charge of terrorism affairs. It was continued until November 14, 2008, at the request of the 40-odd lawyers representing 33 indicted persons. It was then again continued to December 26, 2008.
On October 22, 2008, Belgian Justice Minister Jo Vandeurzen was asked in the House of Representatives by MP Georges Dallemagne (of the CDH center-left party, a member of the governing coalition) if Belliraj could be tried in Belgium for the crimes he allegedly committed there between 1986 and 1989. The Minister answered that it was premature to raise the question of such a trial and that Morocco would never, in any case, extradite Belliraj.
On June 27, 2009, Belliraj was convicted of "plotting terror attacks in Morocco, holdups in Europe, large-scale money laundering projects and arms trafficking." He was sentenced to life in prison. His lawyer has said that he plans to appeal the ruling. The trial has been described as Morocco's highest profile terrorism case, and has divided political parties, with some supporting Belliraj's defence. Some human rights groups have criticised the verdict, saying that the trial was politically motivated and the convictions are suspect.
2008 Report from the Belgian Intelligence Service (Sûreté de l'État).
The 2008 (first ever) public report of the Belgian Sûreté de l'État, published on line in January 2010, includes a section over the "Belliraj Affair", fairly critical towards the Moroccan version: "Only seven of the fourteen international arrest warrants issued by the Moroccan authorities could undergo examination, because the other persons enjoyed the Belgian citizenship at the time of the facts, thus making their extradition impossible. Among those detained, no one will finally be extradited, the elements given by Morocco have not been considered pertinent". The conclusion of this section is that "The elements given by Morocco have not indiscutably demonstrated the existence of a network nor its implication in six murders in Belgium".

</doc>
<doc id="19456245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456245" title="Gračanica, Ljubovija">
Gračanica, Ljubovija

"For other uses, see Gračanica (disambiguation)"
Gračanica () is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Ljubovija municipality, in the Mačva District of Central Serbia. The population of the village in 2002 was 465, all of whom were ethnic Serbians. 

</doc>
<doc id="19456279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456279" title="Franca Scagnetti">
Franca Scagnetti

Franca Scagnetti (17 May 1924 – 1 November 1999) was an Italian film actress. She appeared in over 80 films between 1969 and 1999.
She was born and died in Rome, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="19456309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456309" title="Physicist and Christian">
Physicist and Christian

Physicist and Christian: A dialogue between the communities (1961) is a book by William G. Pollard. Much of the attention given to the book such as its review in Time magazine has been attributed to the fact that Pollard was not only a well-respected physicist but also an Anglican priest. The book deliberately avoids specific subject matter differences, focusing on religion and science both as human communities. An important theme is the idea that human knowledge—scientific or religious—can be developed only by those, like Pollard, who have "fully and freely" given themselves to a human community, whether to the physics community or Christian community or some other, e.g., the United States Marine Corps. Also an important theme is Pollard's argument and cautions against a cultural norm in which scientific knowledge would be objective and public, on the one hand, while religious knowledge would be subjective and private, on the other.
Contents.
There are six chapters plus a preface and author's note. The first chapter "Community vs. Subject Matter" discusses the benefits of focusing on science and religion as communities, outlining five common frameworks in which religion and science are routinely compared. The first chapter's section on "Impersonal vs. Personal knowledge" highlights Werner Heisenberg's May 1958 article in Harper's magazine and Michael Polanyi's 1958 book "Personal Knowledge". The second chapter "Science and Christianity as Communities" begins by mentioning the work of the well-respected sociologist George Homans and anthropologist Robert Redfield selecting six methods from Redfield's "The Little Community" (University of Chicago Press, 1956) with which to study and compare the religion and science communities. In the third chapter "The Reality of Spirit", Pollard uses the United States Marine Corps as an example of another community in order to compare it with the religion and science communities and to better explain ancient and modern ideas of spirit. The third chapter's section on "Spirit and Holy Spirit" states that Eric Hoffer's "The True Believer" "offers a profound understanding and exceptionally clear insights into the nature of the spirit in the community...", but takes exception to Hoffer's idea that any spirit from a mass movement and its community, Christian or otherwise, always ends up being bad. The fourth chapter "Nature and Supernature" introduces Rudolf Otto's "The Idea of the Holy" leading into a discussion about non-conceptual components within the experience of life and how that relates to the science community. The fourth chapter holds that a range of reality can be experienced that is non-conceptual and to illustrate how a portion of reality could appear so, it goes over the idea of higher dimensions using Edwin Abbott's "Flatland" as an example. Chapter five "Knowledge" discusses epistemology as found in both science and religion communities incorporating ideas from Martin Buber's book "I and Thou" and a diagram from Henry Margenau. The sixth chapter "The Problem of Revelation" jocularly states "To one who has known the sense of real achievement which accompanies the gaining of each new understanding and insight in science, the idea of revealed knowledge is likely to seem on a par with copying answers out of an answer book at an examination." 
Influences.
One of this book's major influences was the then Pennsylvania State University Dean of Physics Harold K. Schilling, whose lecture Pollard credits as follows. "The effect of it was to let me realize for the first time that the same emphasis on community which was quite natural and generally understood in the acquisition of Christian knowledge within the Church could be applied in a remarkably parallel fashion to my earlier experience of coming to know physics through my personal involvement in and commitment to the community of physicists." 
Pollard's extensive use of the analogy between the Holy Spirit within the Church and the esprit de corps of United States Marine Corps owes a direct debt to the Reverend Canon Theodore O. Wedel.
Reviews.
"Physicist and " is a good antidote to an impersonal, mechanistic understanding of science or to an individualistic view of Christianity. Its greatest weakness is its failure to do justice to the problem of sin in the empirical community. As a result the distinction between the spirit of the Christian community and the Holy Spirit becomes blurred. Here Pollard's "Catholic Christianity" needs to be corrected by a Protestant understanding of the Word of God in the community.
Two subjects of continuing religious and intellectual interest--the relation of science and religion and the matter of education--are given first-rate treatment in recent books by authors speaking with authority. William G. Pollard in ["Phsicist and Christian"] writes as both atomic scientist and Episcopal clergyman, defining the spheres of physics and religion and showing how the claims and achievements of each, when properly understood, are complementary rather than contradictory.
Citations.
"Learning to be a scientist, being initiated into the scientific community, discovering how to handle scientific concepts, deciding how much weight to give to this or that consideration, or what nuance of interpretation is demanded here or there, has been compared with learning to be a Christian. W.G. Pollard, who is a leading American physicist as well as an Anglican clergyman, has recently written a fascinating book making the comparison in detail." 
"Yes," I said. "I recently read an interesting book called "Physcist and Christian", William G. Pollard (executive director of the Oak Ridge Institute of Nuclear Studies and an Episcopal clergyman). He draws heavily on Heim's concept of hyperspace."

</doc>
<doc id="19456316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456316" title="Bulgarskie Centrum">
Bulgarskie Centrum

Bułgarskie Centrum - Pidżama Porno's tenth studio album. Released in 2004 by S.P. Records. This CD inbludes 8 new tracks and 4 covers: "Wódka" by Kult (band), "Rockin' in the Free World" by Neil Young, and two of Grabaz older songs: "Każdy nowy dzień" (1992) and "Józef K." (1984).
The band.
and also:

</doc>
<doc id="19456320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456320" title="Mercury (TV series)">
Mercury (TV series)

Mercury was an Australian TV series that launched in 1996. It featured Geoffrey Rush.

</doc>
<doc id="19456344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456344" title="Iraq Economic Development Group">
Iraq Economic Development Group

The Iraq Economic Development Group (also frequently abbreviated to IEDG) is an apolitical private limited company established in United Kingdom that facilitates financial services in Britain. Its official abbreviated form is IEDG_UK Ltd and its abbreviated form is commonly used. IEDG_UK Ltd. is headquartered in Bradford, West Yorkshire.
Overview.
IEDG_UK Ltd was formed in year 2007 under the Companies House by Steven Lee Neely (CEO), a former US Lieutenant Colonel, to encourage western businesses to see war-torn Iraq as a major investment opportunity rather than as a burden. The Bradford office, located at the Gumption Centre, is the company's strategic center as well as research center. IEDG officially commenced business operations on April 7 2008 in Bradford with 4 staffs including the CEO himself. 
IEDG_UK Ltd is an extension of The Iraq Economic Development and Investment Group (IEDIG), which is based in Iraq. The reason IEDG was extended to the United Kingdom was to run all its operations under the UK law with full transparency and away from Iraq's political climate. It is in the company's primary interest to keep corruption at minimal level, if not zero, and be accountable for every actions and transactions taken.
IEDG now has a marketing faculty, economics faculty, and a finance department working collaboratively by researching all matters pertaining to post-war Iraq.
Mission.
The mission of the company is primarily that of economic development supporting the reconstruction efforts in Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="19456358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456358" title="John Finlay">
John Finlay

John Finlay may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19456364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456364" title="Ivey Awards">
Ivey Awards

The IVEY Awards are an annual award show, celebrating Twin Cities (Minneapolis/Saint Paul, Minnesota) professional theater. Established in 2004, the non-nomination based awards serve to recognize outstanding achievements within the past theater season in direction, performance, design, etc. The awards were founded by Scott Mayer and are administered by a panel of local theater professionals and theater patrons.
The IVEYs are held each year in September at the historic State Theater, in the theater-district of Minneapolis, MN.
About the Award Ceremony.
The IVEY awards were created in 2004 in an effort to acknowledge the ever-growing Twin Cities theater community, while providing theater professionals and theater-goers an "annual celebration and recognition ceremony," honoring the previous year's theater season and theatrical accomplishments. The evening of entertainment and awards consists of performances from the past year of theater (ranging from musical theater, dance, scenes), award presentation, and lifetime achievement recognition. Typically, the award presenters, entertainment and hosts are local theater professionals and celebrities. However, the occasional nationally-known celebrity, having recent local theatrical experience, has hosted the event and/or presented an award.
Details of the IVEY Awards.
Because of the celebratory nature of the IVEY awards, there is not a pre-determined number of awards nor pre-existing categories. Furthermore, the awards are not meant to be a competition, thus there are no nominees.
However, there are three general categories included in the recognition ceremony:
Eligibility.
"Note: all information taken from IVEY Theater Eligibility Requirements" 
Organizations that elect to participate in the project and be considered for Ivey Awards recognition must represent themselves as a professional theater organization.
Professional theater organizations that wish to participate or be considered for an award must:
All work eligible for an award must: 
The awards will not cover touring theater or college and university theater.
Recognition Evaluation Process.
The process of evaluation was developed to include many theater perspectives. The opinions of a group of 100 evaluators, who represent many aspects of the theater audience (theater professionals directors, designers, general theater-goers, donors, etc.), attend performances and evaluate certain aspects of each performance. These opinions are collected and further evaluated by the IVEY Award panel, and awards are then decided upon.
Furthermore, all opinions from any audience member can contribute to the evaluation process by submittal to the IVEY Award panel, via the official website.
Awards and Recipients.
2005.
Emerging Artist Award.
Nathan Christopher, performer
Lifetime Achievement Award.
Lou Bellamy
2006.
Emerging Artist Award.
Christiana Clark, performer
Lifetime Achievement Award.
Jack Reuler, Artistic Director
2007.
Emerging Artist Award.
Kate Sutton-Johnson, scenic designer
Lifetime Achievement Award.
Sheila Livingston
2008.
Emerging Artist Award.
Matthew Amendt, playwright and performer
Lifetime Achievement Award.
Don Stoltz
2009.
Emerging Artist Award.
Emily Gonyou Halaas, Performer
Lifetime Achievement Award.
Dudley Riggs
2010.
Emerging Artist Award.
Kalere Payton, Costume Designer
Lifetime Achievement Award.
Wendy Lehr, Actress
2011.
Emerging Artist Award.
Anna Sundberg, Actress
Lifetime Achievement Award.
Bain Boehlke
2012.
Emerging Artist Award.
Isabel Nelson, Actress and Artistic Director
Lifetime Achievement Award.
Rick Shiomi
2013.
Emerging Artist Award.
Ricardo Vázquez, Actor, Director and Playwright
Lifetime Achievement Award.
Jeffrey Hatcher, Playwright

</doc>
<doc id="19456381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456381" title="1994–95 Azadegan League">
1994–95 Azadegan League

First Round.
Group A
Group B
1)
2)
References.
Pars Sport

</doc>
<doc id="19456383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456383" title="Switchback Railroad Trail">
Switchback Railroad Trail

The Lehigh Switchback Rail-Trail is a rail trail in Jim Thorpe, PA. 
The trail surface is natural, consisting of dirt, roots, rocks, and occasional coal chunks. The trail runs downhill on the 
former right-of-way of the Mauch Chunk Switchback Railway from Summit Hill to Jim Thorpe. 
Located midway on the trail is Mauch Chunk Lake Park which provides parking for hiking & biking up and down the trail.
Several bicycle outfitters in the area provide bike rental and shuttle services to the top of Summit Hill that allows riders
to enjoy a 100% downhill ride to the town of Jim Thorpe.

</doc>
<doc id="19456384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456384" title="Ireland national rugby union team tours">
Ireland national rugby union team tours

This article is a list of tours by the Ireland national rugby union team

</doc>
<doc id="19456401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456401" title="Yves Barsacq">
Yves Barsacq

Yves Barsacq (born 17 June 1931) is a French film actor. He has appeared in over 150 films since 1957. He was born in Paris, France. He is the son of Russian production designer Léon Barsacq and the nephew of French theatre director André Barsacq.

</doc>
<doc id="19456403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456403" title="John Findlay">
John Findlay

John Findlay may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19456419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456419" title="Manx Society for the Publication of National Documents">
Manx Society for the Publication of National Documents

The Manx Society for the Publication of National Documents, or simply the Manx Society, was a text publication society founded in February 1858 with the objective of publishing reprints of historical documents relating to the Isle of Man, its people and culture. Over its lifetime the society published 33 volumes of documents, the last appearing in 1893. Its publications included an English-Manx dictionary based on the surviving manuscript of John Kelly, books on the laws and currency of the island, reprints of accounts of visits to the island, the "Book of Common Prayer" in Manx, and a translation of the "Chronicles of Mann".

</doc>
<doc id="19456439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456439" title="Conference of Drama Schools">
Conference of Drama Schools

The Conference of Drama Schools (CDS) comprised 22 accredited drama schools in Britain. Founded in 1969, the 22 member schools offered courses in Acting, Musical Theatre, Directing and Technical Theatre training. In 2012, they merged with the National Council for Drama Training to form Drama UK.

</doc>
<doc id="19456450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456450" title="Alyaksandr Oreshnikow">
Alyaksandr Oreshnikow

Oreshnikow spent five seasons in the Russian Premier League from 1995 through 2000, four with FC Krylia Sovetov Samara and another with FC Lokomotiv Nizhny Novgorod, playing in over 100 league matches. He also made two appearances for the Belarus national football team during 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="19456455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456455" title="White Colne railway station">
White Colne railway station

White Colne railway station was located in White Colne, Essex.

</doc>
<doc id="19456459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456459" title="Bhagavadgomandal">
Bhagavadgomandal

Bhagavadgomandal (Gujarati: ભગવદ્ગોમન્ડલ) is a Gujarati Encyclopedia and Gujarati to Gujarati dictionary.
Conceived by King Bhagvatsingh of Gondal (ગોંડલના ઠાકોરસાહેબ) in 1928, this dictionary spreads over 9500 pages in 9 volumes and includes the meaning and description of over a 281,377 words.
History.
The motivation behind this Gujarati dictionary/encyclopedia, was mainly to create and preserve the treasure of Gujarati Language for future generations, much similar to that of Encyclopædia Britannica.
This dictionary cum encyclopedia was created by Chandubhai Bahecharbhai Patel with the inspiration and active support from King Bhagavadsinghji. Both were concerned that the language had no major dictionary to speak of despite centuries of rich cultural and literaturey heritage.It took more than 27 years of efforts to collect all the words of Gujarati language and their meanings.
The King and his team took an effort to collect the words not only from Gujarati, but also from the dialects spoken in various parts of Gujarat, such as Kutch, Kathiyawaad, North and South Gujarat.
The whole project was supported by many literates, poets, historians, teachers and authors of that time. Three generation of Bhagavadsinhji continued their support for this noble, yet mammoth task.
Features.
The notable and unique aspect of Bhagavadgomandal is that it not only lists the spellings, grammar, usage and meanings of words, but it also provides historical facts and figures, diagrams, cross-references to other words and history of origin, wherever applicable. This feature expands Bhagvadgomandal's scope from a dictionary to that of an encyclopedia.
The other interesting feature is that Bhagavadgomandal describes the life and contributions of famous people, till the time of creation these volumes. (e.g. When searching for ટાગોર Tagore, it gives the glimpses of life and works of Rabindranath Tagore)
Publications.
The first edition of the dictionary was printed in 1940, but soon became out of print in 1958.
Second edition was printed in 1987 by Pravin Prakashan, Rajkot. It was feared that people may not be interested in encyclopedia anymore, but the response was really good, and that lead to the third edition, that was printed in 2008.
Online Edition.
In August 2008 the first online edition of Bhagavadgomandal was launched by Pravin Prakashan. Users can use an interactive keyboard to type the search keywords.

</doc>
<doc id="19456460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456460" title="Marchef w butonierce">
Marchef w butonierce

Marchef w butonierce – Pidżama Porno's seventh album, released 23 April 2001 by S.P. Records.
The band.
and also:

</doc>
<doc id="19456480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19456480" title="Winchester 400">
Winchester 400

The Winchester 400 is a 400-lap short-track stock car race held each fall at the Winchester Speedway, approximately east of Indianapolis, Indiana. Held annually since 1970, the race has served as a launching point for the careers of several young drivers including former winners Rusty Wallace and Mark Martin. Presented by Ed Martin Auto Group and Renegade, the 37th running will be contested on Sunday, October 12, and will feature the stars of the CRA Super Series. Early entrants for the 2008 running include NASCAR stars Kyle Busch and David Stremme.
Billed as the "World's Fastest 1/2 mile", Winchester Speedway is a half-mile mile long paved oval motor racetrack in Winchester, Indiana. The track's 37 degree banking are some of the steepest in motorsports and the reason for the high speeds. The track has permanent seating for approximately 4000 spectators.

</doc>
