<doc id="19423284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423284" title="Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008">
Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008

The Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 (Division A of ), commonly referred to as a bailout of the U.S. financial system, is a law enacted in response to the subprime mortgage crisis authorizing the United States Secretary of the Treasury to spend up to $700 billion to purchase distressed assets, especially mortgage-backed securities, and supply cash directly to banks. The funds for purchase of distressed assets were mostly redirected to inject capital into banks and other financial institutions while the Treasury continued to examine the usefulness of targeted asset purchases. Both foreign and domestic banks are included in the program. The Federal Reserve also extended help to American Express, whose bank-holding application it recently approved. The Act was proposed by Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson during the global financial crisis of 2008.
History.
The legislation had its origin in early 2008, Secretary of the Treasury Henry Paulson directed two of his aides, Neel Kashkari and Phillip Swagel, to write a plan to recapitalize the U.S. financial system in case of total collapse. The plan, which was also presented to Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke, called for the U.S. government to purchase about $500 billion in distressed assets from financial institutions.
The original proposal was submitted to the United States House of Representatives, with the purpose of purchasing bad assets, reducing uncertainty regarding the worth of the remaining assets, and restoring confidence in the credit markets. The bill was then expanded and put forth as an amendment to . The amendment was rejected via a vote of the House of Representatives on September 29, 2008, voting 205–228.
On October 1, 2008, the Senate debated and voted on an amendment to H.R. 1424, which substituted a newly revised version of the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 for the language of H.R. 1424. See also the Senate Committee on Banking page: Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008</ref> The Senate accepted the amendment and passed the entire amended bill, voting 74–25. Additional unrelated provisions added an estimated $150 billion to the cost of the package and increased the length of the bill to 451 pages. ("See" Public Law 110-343 for details on the added provisions.) The amended version of H.R. 1424 was sent to the House for consideration, and on October 3, the House voted 263–171 to enact the bill into law. President George W. Bush signed the bill into law within hours of its congressional enactment, creating the $700 billion Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP) to purchase failing bank assets. TARP was dwarfed by other guarantees and lending limits; analysis by Bloomberg found the Federal Reserve had, by March 2009, committed $7.77 trillion to rescuing the financial system, more than half the value of everything produced in the U.S. that year.
Supporters of the plan argued that the market intervention called for by the plan was vital to prevent further erosion of confidence in the U.S. credit markets and that failure to act could lead to an economic depression. Opponents objected to the plan's cost and rapidity, pointing to polls that showed little support among the public for "bailing out" Wall Street investment banks, claimed that better alternatives were not considered, and that the Senate forced passage of the unpopular version through the opposing house by "sweetening" the bailout package.
Economic background.
After the freeing up of world capital markets in the 1970s and the repeal of the Glass–Steagall Act in 1999, the banking practices (mostly Greenspan inspired "self-regulation") along with subprime mortgage crisis sold as no risk investments, reached a critical stage during September 2008, characterized by severely contracted liquidity in the global credit markets and insolvency threats to investment banks and other institutions. In response, the U.S. government announced a series of comprehensive steps to address the problems, following a series of "one-off" or "case-by-case" decisions to intervene or not, such as the $85 billion liquidity facility for American International Group on September 16, the federal takeover of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, and the bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers.
On Monday, October 6, the Dow Jones Industrial Average dropped more than 700 points and fell below 10,000 for the first time in four years. The same day, CNN reported these worldwide stock market events:
Paulson proposal.
U.S. Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson proposed a plan under which the U.S. Treasury would acquire up to $700 billion worth of mortgage-backed securities. The plan was immediately backed by President George W. Bush and negotiations began with leaders in the U.S. Congress to draft appropriate legislation.
Consultations among Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson, Chairman of the Federal Reserve Ben Bernanke, U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission chairman Christopher Cox, congressional leaders, and President Bush, moved forward efforts to draft a proposal for a comprehensive solution to the problems created by illiquid assets. News of the coming plan resulted in some stock, bond, and currency markets stability on September 19, 2008.
The proposal called for the federal government to buy up to US$700 billion of illiquid mortgage-backed securities with the intent to increase the liquidity of the secondary mortgage markets and reduce potential losses encountered by financial institutions owning the securities. The draft proposal was received favorably by investors in the stock market, but caused the U.S. dollar to fall against gold, the Euro, and petroleum. The plan was not immediately approved by Congress; debate and amendments were seen as likely before the plan was to receive legislative enactment.
Throughout the week of September 20, 2008, there was contentious wrangling among members of Congress over the terms and scope of the bailout, amplified by continued failures of institutions like Washington Mutual, and the upcoming November 4 national election.
The plan was introduced on September 20, by Paulson. Named the Troubled Asset Relief Program, but also known as the Paulson Proposal or Paulson Plan, it should not be confused with Paulson's earlier 212-page plan, the "Blueprint for a Modernized Financial Regulatory Reform", that was released on March 31, 2008.
The proposal was only three pages long, intentionally short on details to facilitate quick passage by Congress.
Mortgage asset purchases.
A key part of the proposal is the federal government's plan to buy up to $700 billion of illiquid mortgage backed securities (MBS) with the intent to increase the liquidity of the secondary mortgage markets and reduce potential losses encountered by financial institutions owning the securities. The draft proposal of the plan was received favorably by investors in the stock market.
This plan can be described as a risky investment, as opposed to an expense. The MBS within the scope of the purchase program have rights to the cash flows from the underlying mortgages. As such, the initial outflow of government funds to purchase the MBS would be offset by ongoing cash inflows represented by the monthly mortgage payments. Further, the government eventually may be able to sell the assets, though whether at a gain or loss will remain to be seen. While incremental borrowing to obtain the funds necessary to purchase the MBS may add to the United States public debt, the net effect will be considerably less as the incremental debt will be offset to a large extent by the MBS assets.
A key challenge would be valuing the purchase price of the MBS, which is a complex exercise subject to a multitude of variables related to the housing market and the credit quality of the underlying mortgages. The ability of the government to offset the purchase price (through mortgage collections over the long-run) depends on the valuation assigned to the MBS at the time of purchase. For example, Merrill Lynch wrote down the value of its MBS to approximately 22 cents on the dollar in Q2 2008. Whether the government is ultimately able to resell the assets above the purchase price or will continue to merely collect the mortgage payments is an open item.
On February 10, 2009, the newly confirmed Secretary of the Treasury Timothy Geithner outlined his plan to use the $300 billion or so dollars remaining in the TARP funds. He mentioned that the U.S. Treasury and Federal Reserve wanted to help fund private investors to buy toxic assets from banks, but few details have yet been released. Yet, there is still some skepticism if Taxpayers can buy troubled assets without having to overpay. Oppenheimer & Company analyst Meridith Whitney argues that banks will not sell bad assets at fair market values because they are reluctant to take asset write downs. Removing toxic assets would also reduce the volatility of banks' stock prices. Because stock is a call option on a firm's assets, this lost volatility will hurt the stock price of distressed banks. Therefore, such banks will only sell toxic assets at above market prices.
On April 6, 2008, the State Foreclosure Prevention Working Group reported that the pace of foreclosures exceeded the capacity of homeowner rescue programs, such as the Hope Now Alliance, in the first quarter of 2008.
Sweeping powers.
The original plan would have granted the Secretary of the Treasury unlimited power to spend, proofing his or her actions against congressional or judicial review. Section 8 of the Paulson proposal states: "Decisions by the Secretary pursuant to the authority of this Act are non-reviewable and committed to agency discretion, and may not be reviewed by any court of law or any administrative agency." This provision was not included in the final version.
Potential effects.
The maximum cost of a $700 billion bailout would be $2,295 estimated cost per American (based on an estimate of 305 million Americans), or $4,635 per working American (based on an estimate of 151 million in the work force).
The bulk of this money would be spent to purchase mortgage backed securities, ultimately backed by American homeowners, which possibly could be sold later at a profit, by the government.
Economist Michael Hudson predicts that the bailout would cause hyperinflation and dollar collapse.
However, there is no persuasive evidence of prices rising and the U.S. Dollar Index has actually risen to higher levels than before the plan's announcement.
Indeed, during the week before and after the EESA was agreed, investment bank UBS was continually flatly rejecting that bailouts such as these were inflationary, emphasizing instead that they were anti-deflationary, not inflationary.
The 2008 federal budget submitted by the president is $2.9 trillion, meaning a $700 billion bailout would constitute a 24% increase to $3.6 trillion, which would in fact far exceed the $3.1 trillion 2009 budget. The total government commitment and proposed commitments so far in its current and proposed bailouts is reportedly $1 trillion compared to the $14 trillion United States economy.
Rationale for the bailout.
Government officials.
In his testimony before the U.S. Senate, Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson summarized the rationale for the bailout:
In his testimony before the U.S. Senate on September 23, 2008, Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke also summarized the rationale for the bailout:
Regarding the $700 billion number, "Forbes.com" quoted a Treasury spokeswoman: "It's not based on any particular data point. We just wanted to choose a really large number."
Journalists.
According to CNBC commentator Jim Cramer, large corporations, institutions, and wealthy investors were pulling their money out of bank money market funds, in favor of government-backed Treasury bills. Cramer called it "an invisible run on the banks," one that has no lines in the lobby but pushes banks to the breaking point nonetheless. As a bank's capital reserve of deposits evaporate, so too does its ability to lend and correspondingly make money. "The lack of confidence inspired by Lehman's demise, the general poor health of many banks, this is going to turn this into an intractable moment," Cramer said, "if someone in the government doesn't start pushing for more deposit insurance."
Reaction to the initial proposal.
Skepticism regarding the plan occurred early on in the House. Many members of Congress, including the House of Representatives, did not support the plan initially, mainly conservative free-market Republicans and liberal anti-corporate Democrats. Alabama Republican Spencer Bachus has called the proposal "a gun to our head" fear-inflicting policy of the administration to stifle proper debate and affect decision. However, many sources have reported that for this crisis there are many alternatives and options, and other less risky and more profitable solutions to use the taxpayers' funds that aren't being debated, but ought to be debated, in the rush to the sudden deal.
Immediate market reactions.
On September 19, 2008, when news of the bailout proposal emerged, the U.S. stock market rose by 3%. Foreign stock markets also surged, and foreign currencies corrected slightly, after having dropped earlier in the month. The value of the U.S. dollar dropped compared to other world currencies after the plan was announced. The front end oil futures contract spiked more than $25 a barrel during the day Monday September 22, ending the day up over $16. This was a record for the biggest one-day gain. However, there are other factors that caused the massive spike in oil prices. Traders who got "caught" at the end of the October contract session were forced to purchase oil in large batches to cover themselves, adding to the surge in prices. Further out, oil futures contracts rose by about $5 per barrel. Mortgage rates increased following the news of the bailout plan. The 30-year fixed-rate mortgage averaged 5.78% in the week before the plan was announced; for the week ending September 25, the average rate was 6.09%, still far below the average rate during the early 1990s recession, when it topped 9.0%.
Potential conflict of interest.
There was concern that the current plan created a conflict of interest for Paulson. Paulson was a former CEO of Goldman Sachs, which stood to benefit from the bailout. Paulson has hired Goldman executives as advisors and Paulson's former advisors have joined banks that were also to benefit from the bailout. Furthermore, the original proposal exempted Paulson from judicial oversight. Thus there was concern that former illegal activity by a financial institution or its executives might be hidden.
The treasury staff member responsible for administering the bailout funds was Neel Kashkari, a former vice-president at Goldman Sachs.
In the Senate, Senator Judd Gregg (R-NH) was the leading Republican author of the TARP program while he had a multi-million dollar investment in the Bank of America.
Views from the public, politicians, financiers, economists, and journalists.
The public.
Protests opposing the bailout occurred in over 100 cities across the United States on Thursday September 25. Grassroots group TrueMajority said its members organized over 251 events in more than 41 states. The largest gathering has been in New York City, where more than 1,000 protesters gathered near the New York Stock Exchange along with labor union members organized by New York Central Labor Council. Other grassroots groups have planned rallies to protest against the bailout, while outraged citizens continue to express their opposition online through blogs and dedicated web sites.
Politicians.
Supporters of the plan included presidential candidates Barack Obama and John McCain, and British Prime Minister Gordon Brown 
Critics included Former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee, Libertarian presidential candidate Bob Barr, and Senators Christopher Dodd, Richard Shelby, Jim Bunning, and Ron Paul.
In a "Wall Street Journal" opinion piece, Senator Hillary Clinton advocated addressing the rate of mortgage defaults and foreclosures that ignited this crisis, not just bailing out Wall Street firms: "If we do not take action to address the crisis facing borrowers, we'll never solve the crisis facing lenders." She has proposed a new Home Owners' Loan Corporation (HOLC), similar to that used after the Depression, which was launched in 1933. The new HOLC would administer a national program to help homeowners refinance their mortgages. She is also calling for a moratorium on foreclosures and freezing of rate hikes in adjustable rate mortgages.
Barack Obama, then the Democratic presidential candidate, said that any bailout must include plans to recover the money, and protect working families and big financial institutions and be crafted to prevent such a crisis from happening again.
Financiers.
Former Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan supported the Paulson plan.
Investor Warren Buffett says he could put in $10B plus $90B nonrecourse debt; that is, without having to repay beyond $10B if mortgages did not repay. (This is 10 to 1 leverage, 10 times upside with 1 times downside.) He also said that the government should pay market price, which may be below the carry value. Buffett says "I would think they might insist on the directors of the institutions that participate in this program waiving all director's fees for a couple of years. They should, maybe, eliminate bonuses." Buffett says "...if someone wants to sell a hundred billion of these instruments to the Treasury, let them sell two or three billion in the market and then have the Treasury match that, ... . You don't want the Treasury to be a patsy." Mr. Buffett's company owns financial companies which will benefit directly or indirectly, including his investment in Goldman Sachs.
Investor George Soros opposed the original Paulson plan: "Mr Paulson's proposal to purchase distressed mortgage-related securities poses a classic problem of asymmetric information. The securities are hard to value but the sellers know more about them than the buyer: in any auction process the Treasury would end up with the dregs. The proposal is also rife with latent conflict of interest issues. Unless the Treasury overpays for the securities, the scheme would not bring relief." – but calls Barack Obama's list of conditions for the plan "the right principles".
Other critics included Carl Icahn Jim Rogers, , and William Seidman. Seidman compared the bailout with action he and his team at the Resolution Trust Corporation took during the S&L crisis of the 1980s: "What we did, we took over the bank, nationalized it, fired the management, took out the bad assets and put a good bank back in the system."
Economists.
1) Its fairness. The plan is a subsidy to investors at taxpayers' expense. Investors who took risks to earn profits must also bear the losses. [...] The government can ensure a well-functioning financial industry [...] without bailing out particular investors and institutions whose choices proved unwise.
2) Its ambiguity. Neither the mission of the new agency nor its oversight are clear. If taxpayers are to buy illiquid and opaque assets from troubled sellers, the terms, occasions, and methods of such purchases must be crystal clear ahead of time and carefully monitored afterwards.
3) Its long-term effects. If the plan is enacted, its effects will be with us for a generation. For all their recent troubles, America's dynamic and innovative private capital markets have brought the nation unparalleled prosperity. Fundamentally weakening those markets in order to calm short-run disruptions is desperately short-sighted.
Alternative proposals.
Suggested alternative approaches to address the issues underlying the financial crisis include: mortgage assistance proposals try to increase the value of the asset base while limiting the disruption of foreclosure; bank recapitalization through equity investment by the government; asset liquidity approaches to engage market mechanisms for valuing troubled assets; and financial market reforms promoting transparency and conservatism to restore trust by market investors.
Monetary Consensus Reform.
According to Jon Daemon, the proposal was dismissed by bureaucrats and lobbyist in accordance to the private banks and federal reserve dispatchers. 
Legislative history.
Over the weekend (September 27–28), Congress continued to develop the proposal. That next Monday, the House put the resulting effort, the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008, to a vote. It did not pass. US stock markets dropped 8 percent, the largest percentage drop since Black Monday in 1987.
Congressional leaders, including both presidential candidates, started working with the Bush Administration and the Treasury department on key negotiation points as they worked to finalize the plan. Key items under discussion included:
First House vote, September 29.
Just after midnight Sunday, September 28, leaders of the Senate and House, along with Treasury Secretary Paulson, announced a tentative deal had been reached to permit the government purchase of up to $700 billion in mortgage backed securities to provide liquidity to the security holders, and to stabilize U.S. financial firms and markets. The bill was made final later that Monday morning. Amendment to the Senate Amendment to H.R. 3997 House Committee on Financial Services (retrieved September 30, 2008). See also the committee's press release links: Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008.
</ref>
A debate and vote was scheduled for the House for Monday, September 29, to be followed by a Senate debate on Wednesday.
In an early morning news conference, on Monday September 29, President George W. Bush expressed confidence that the bill would pass Congress, and that it would provide relief to the U.S. economy. A number of House Republicans remained opposed to the deal and intended to vote against it.
That same day, the legislation for the bailout was put before the United States House of Representatives and failed 205–228, with one not voting. Democrats voted 140–95 in favor of the legislation, while Republicans voted 133–65 against it.See documents on the House Committee on Financial Services: Summary of the "Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008": SUMMARY OF THE “EMERGENCY ECONOMIC STABILIZATION ACT OF 2008”Access via the House Committee on Financial Services: Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 )
</ref>
During the legislative session, at the conclusion of the vote, the presiding chair declared the measure, HR3997, to be unfinished business. The bill is subject to additional legislative action.
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said at a press conference after the vote: "The legislation has failed. The crisis has not gone away. We must continue to work in a bipartisan manner."
Senate Banking Committee Chairman Christopher Dodd, a Connecticut Democrat, appearing at a joint press conference with Senator Judd Gregg, a New Hampshire Republican, said a bailout plan could still pass Congress. Dodd said: "We don't intend to leave here without the job being done. While it may take another few days, we're confident that can happen."
Market reaction to September 29 vote.
Following the House vote, the Dow Jones Industrial Average dropped over 777 points in a single day, its largest single-day point drop ever. The $1.2 trillion loss in market value received much media attention, although it still does not rank among the index's ten largest drops in percentage terms. The S & P lost 8.8%, its seventh worst day in percentage terms and its worst day since Black Monday in 1987. The NASDAQ composite also had its worst day since Black Monday, losing 9.1% in its third worst day ever. The TED spread, the difference between what banks charge each other for a three-month loan and what the Treasury charges, hit a 26-year high of 3.58%; a higher rate for inter bank loans than Treasury loans is a sign that banks fear that their fellow banks won't be able to pay off their debts. Meanwhile, the price of U.S. light crude oil for November delivery fell $100.52 to $96.37 a barrel, its second largest one-day drop ever, on expectations of an economic slowdown reducing oil consumption and demand. The Dow Jones industrial average recovered 485 points or about 62% of the entire loss the very next day.
Markets which had expected the bill to pass and had moved on to debating whether it would be sufficient were already skittish after news that Wachovia Bank was being bought out by Citigroup to avoid collapse. The events were compounded by news from Europe that Dutch-Belgian Fortis Bank was given a $16.4 billion lifeline to avoid collapse, failing British bank Bradford & Bingley was nationalized, and Germany extended banking and real estate giant Hypo Real Estate billions to ensure its survival.
Later in October, after the bill had been passed, the Dow Jones Industrial Average would drop by more in percentage terms, and market volatility remained at historically high levels, as measured by the VIX.
Senate vote October 1.
On Wednesday evening, October 1, 2008, the Senate debated and voted on a revised version of the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 (EESA 2008). The legislation was framed as an amendment to HR1424, substituting the entire bill with the newly revised text of the EESA 2008. (the amendment being the text of the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008) Senate Committee on Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs (CBHUA) (October 1, 2008) ( Retrieved October 1, 2008) See also the Senate CBHUA web page The amendment was approved by a 74–25 vote, and the entire bill was also passed by the same margin, 74–25 (R: 34-14, D: 41-11,including Lieberman and Sanders). 
Only cancer-stricken Senator Ted Kennedy did not vote. Under the legislative rule for the bill, sixty votes were required to approve the amendment and the bill. A House leader accused the Senate of legislating "by blunt force" without public-consent. 
Describing the Senate's reason for passing the bill, former Senator Evan Bayh "described a scene from 2008 where Ben Bernanke warned senators that the sky would collapse if the banks weren't rescued. 'We looked at each other,' said Bayh, 'and said, okay, what do we need.'"
Second House vote, October 3.
The revised HR1424 was received from the Senate by the House, and on October 3, it voted 263-171 to enact the bill into law. Democrats voted 172 to 63 in favor of the legislation, while Republicans voted 108 to 91 against it; overall, 33 Democrats and 24 Republicans who had previously voted against the bill supported it on the second vote.
President Bush signed the bill into law within hours of its enactment, creating a $700 billion dollar Treasury fund to purchase failing bank assets.
The revised plan left the $700 billion bailout intact and appended a stalled tax bill. The law has three major divisions, Division A: the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008; Division B: Energy Improvement and Extension Act of 2008, and Division C: the Tax Extenders and Alternative Minimum Tax Relief Act of 2008.
The tax part of the law has provisions that will have a net expenditure of $100 billion over 10 years. It had been stalled due to a disagreement between Democrats that did not want to increase spending without a corresponding increase in taxes and Republicans, who were adamantly opposed to any tax increases.
Key items in the legislation.
On October 3, 2008, the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act became law with the signing of Public Law 110-343, which included the act. Below is a list of key items and how the legislation deals with them.
Interest on bank deposits held by the Federal Reserve.
Although the original bill proposed as late as September 20 contained no such provision, Section 128 of the Act allowed the Federal Reserve System (the Fed) to begin paying banks a high interest rate on their deposits held for reserve requirements. It reads:
SEC. 128. ACCELERATION OF EFFECTIVE DATE.
The Fed announced that it would begin paying such increased interest on both reserve and excess reserve balances on October 6, 2008. Banks immediately increased the amount of their money on deposit with the Fed, up from about $10 billion total at the end of August, 2008, to $880 billion by the end of the second week of January, 2009. In comparison, the increase in reserve balances reached only $65 billion after September 11, 2001 before falling back to normal levels within a month. The U.S. Treasury Department explained the changes, saying:
The Federal Reserve will continue to take a leadership role with respect to liquidity in our markets. It is committed to using all of the tools at its disposal to provide the increased liquidity that is now required for the effective functioning of financial markets. In this regard, the authority to pay interest on reserves that was provided by EESA is essential, because it allows the Federal Reserve to expand its balance sheet as necessary to support financial stability while conducting a monetary policy that promotes the Federal Reserve's macroeconomic objectives of maximum employment and stable prices. The Federal Reserve and the Treasury Department are consulting with market participants on ways to provide additional support for term unsecured funding markets.
Reactions to the change were mixed, with banks generally approving of their new ability to earn high interest without risk on funds that they would otherwise need to use to extend credit in order to make a profit for their shareholders, while those involved in the commercial paper markets, the primary and secondary sectors of the goods and services economy, shipping, and others depending on the liquidity of credit from banks were more skeptical of the further pressure against credit availability in the midst of the ongoing credit liquidity crisis.
The day after the change was announced, on October 7, Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke expressed some confusion about it, saying, "We're not quite sure what we have to pay in order to get the market rate, which includes some credit risk, up to the target. We're going to experiment with this and try to find what the right spread is." The Fed adjusted the rate on October 22, after the initial rate they set October 6 failed to keep the benchmark U.S. overnight interest rate close to their policy target, and again on November 5 for the same reason. Beginning December 18, the Fed directly established interest rates paid on required reserve balances and excess balances instead of specifying them with a formula based on the target federal funds rate.
The government issued $400 billion of short-term debt intended to help replace the $1.8 trillion commercial paper market which was wiped out by the change, (exacerbated by money market funds' sudden refusal to support commercial paper as well) but the world economy began to deflate as international shipping, dependent on commercial paper, slowed in some regions to a few percent of levels prior to the change. The FDIC announced a new program on October 14, under which newly issued senior unsecured debt issued on or before June 30, 2009, would be fully protected in the event the issuing institution subsequently fails, or its holding company files for bankruptcy. The FDIC program is expected to cover about $1.4 trillion of bank debt.
The Congressional Budget Office estimated that payment of interest on reserve balances would cost the American taxpayers about one tenth of the present 0.25% interest rate on $800 billion in deposits:
Those expenditures pale in comparison to the lost tax revenues worldwide resulting from decreasing economic activity due to damage to the short-term commercial paper and associated credit markets.
On January 7, 2009, the Federal Open Market Committee decided that, "the size of the balance sheet and level of excess reserves would need to be reduced." On January 13, Ben Bernanke said, "In principle, the interest rate the Fed pays on bank reserves should set a floor on the overnight interest rate, as banks should be unwilling to lend reserves at a rate lower than they can receive from the Fed. In practice, the federal funds rate has fallen somewhat below the interest rate on reserves in recent months, reflecting the very high volume of excess reserves, the inexperience of banks with the new regime, and other factors. However, as excess reserves decline, financial conditions normalize, and banks adapt to the new regime, we expect the interest rate paid on reserves to become an effective instrument for controlling the federal funds rate." The same day, "Financial Week" said Mr. Bernanke admitted that a huge increase in banks' excess reserves is stifling the Fed's monetary policy moves and its efforts to revive private sector lending.
On January 15, Chicago Fed president and Federal Open Market Committee member Charles Evans said, "once the economy recovers and financial conditions stabilize, the Fed will return to its traditional focus on the federal funds rate. It also will have to scale back the use of emergency lending programs and reduce the size of the balance sheet and level of excess reserves. 'Some of this scaling back will occur naturally as market conditions improve on account of how these programs have been designed. Still, financial market participants need to be prepared for the eventual dismantling of the facilities that have been put in place during the financial turmoil,' he said."
At the end of January, 2009, excess reserve balances at the Fed stood at $793 billion but less than two weeks later on February 11, total reserve balances had fallen to $603 billion. On April 1, reserve balances had again increased to $806 billion, and late November, 2009, they stood at $1.16 trillion.
Management of the Troubled Asset Relief Program.
The bill authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to establish the Troubled Assets Relief Program to purchase troubled assets from financial institutions. The Office of Financial Stability is created within the Treasury Department as the agency through which the Secretary will run the program. The Secretary is required to consult with the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Comptroller of the Currency, the Director of the Office of Thrift Supervision, and the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development when running the program.
Funding.
The bill authorizes $700 billion for the program. The Treasury Secretary has immediate access to the first $250 billion. Following that, an additional $100 billion can be authorized by the President. For the last $350 billion, the President must notify Congress of the intention to grant the additional funding to the Treasury; Congress then has 15 days to pass a resolution disallowing the authority. If Congress fails to pass a resolution opposing the funding within 15 days, or if the resolution passes, but is vetoed by the President, and Congress does not have enough votes to override the veto, the Treasury will receive the final $350 billion.
Government equity interests in participating firms.
The Treasury Secretary is required to obtain a financial warrant guaranteeing the right to purchase non-voting stock or, if the company is unable to issue a warrant, senior debt from any firm participating in the program. The Secretary is allowed to make a de minimis exception to the rule, but that exception may not exceed $100 million.
Executive pay limits.
If the Treasury purchases assets directly from a company, and also receives a meaningful equity or debt position in that company, the company is not allowed to offer incentives that encourage "unnecessary and excessive risks" to its senior executives (that is, the top five executives). Also, the company is prohibited from making golden parachute payments to a senior executive. Both of these prohibitions expire when the Treasury no longer holds an equity or debt position in that company. The company also is given "clawback" permission; that is, the opportunity to recover senior executive bonus or incentive pay based on earnings, gains, or other data that proves to be inaccurate.
If the Treasury purchases assets via auction, and that purchase exceeds $300 million, any new employment contract for a senior officer may not include a golden parachute provision in the case of involuntary termination, bankruptcy filing, insolvency, or receivership. This prohibition only applies to future contracts; golden parachutes already in place will remain unaffected.
In either scenario, no limits are placed on executive salary, and existing golden parachutes will not be altered.
Foreclosure avoidance and homeowner assistance.
For mortgages involved in assets purchased by the Treasury Department, the Treasury Secretary is required to (1) implement a plan that seeks to maximize assistance for homeowners, and (2) encourage the servicers of the underlying mortgages to take advantage of the HOPE for Homeowners Program of the National Housing Act or other available programs to minimize foreclosures. Furthermore, the Secretary is allowed to use loan guarantees and credit enhancements to encourage loan modifications to avert foreclosure. The bill does not provide a mechanism to change the terms of a mortgage without the consent of any company holding a stake in that mortgage. Section 110: Assistance to Homeowners of the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 "requires federal entities that hold mortgages and mortgage-backed securities to develop plans to minimize foreclosures".
This $24 billion asset detoxification plan was requested by Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Chair Sheila Bair, but the Treasury did not use the provision. "The primary purpose of the bill was to protect our financial system from collapse," Secretary Henry Paulson told the House Financial Services Committee, "The rescue package was not intended to be an economic stimulus or an economic recovery package."
Judicial review.
The bill establishes that actions taken by the Treasury Secretary regarding this program are subject to judicial review, reversing the request for immunity made in the original Paulson proposal.
Oversight.
Several oversight mechanisms are established by the bill. Contractors were also used to help manage the TARP funds.
The Financial Stability Oversight Board is created to review and make recommendations regarding the Treasury's actions. The members of the board are:
A Congressional Oversight Panel is created by the bill to review the state of the markets, current regulatory system, and the Treasury Department's management of the Troubled Asset Relief Program. The panel is required to report their findings to Congress every 30 days, counting from the first asset purchase made under the program. The panel must also submit a special report to Congress about regulatory reform on or before January 20, 2009.
The panel consists of five outside experts appointed as follows:
The Comptroller General (director of the Government Accountability Office) is required to monitor the performance of the program, and report findings to Congress every 60 days. The Comptroller General is also required to audit the program annually. The bill grants the Comptroller General access to all information, records, reports, data, etc. belonging to or in use by the program.
The bill creates the Office of the Special Inspector General for the Troubled Asset Relief Program, appointed by the President and confirmed by the Senate. The Special Inspector General's purpose is to monitor, audit and investigate the activities of the Treasury in the administration of the program, and report findings to Congress every quarter.
FDIC insurance.
From the date of enactment of the bill (October 3, 2008) until December 31, 2009, the amount of deposit insurance provided by the FDIC is increased from $100,000 to $250,000.
Budget-related provisions.
Title II sets out guidelines for consultation and reporting between the Treasury Secretary, the Office of Management and Budget, and the Congressional Budget Office.
Tax provisions.
The bill makes the following changes to tax law.
Administration of the law.
CAMELS ratings are being used by the United States government to help it decide which banks to provide special help for and which to not as part of its capitalization program authorized by the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008.
"The New York Times" states: "The criteria being used to choose who gets money appears to be setting the stage for consolidation in the industry by favoring those most likely to survive" because the criteria appears to favor the financially best off banks and banks too big to let fail. Some lawmakers are upset that the capitalization program will end up culling banks in their districts.
Known aspects of the capitalization program "suggest that the government may be loosely defining what constitutes healthy institutions. [... Banks] that have been profitable over the last year are the most likely to receive capital. Banks that have lost money over the last year, however, must pass additional tests. [...] They are also asking if a bank has enough capital and reserves to withstand severe losses to its construction loan portfolio, nonperforming loans and other troubled assets." Some banks received capital with the understanding the banks would try to find a merger partner. To receive capital under the program banks are also "required to provide a specific business plan for the next two or three years and explain how they plan to deploy the capital."
Effects on national debt.
The United States annual budget deficit for fiscal year 2009 surpassed $1 trillion. The original Paulson proposal would lift the United States federal debt ceiling by $700 billion, to $11.3 trillion from the current $10.6 trillion.
Other information.
A review of investor presentations and conference calls by executives of some two dozen US-based banks by "The New York Times" found that "few cited lending as a priority. An overwhelming majority saw the bailout program as a no-strings-attached windfall that could be used to pay down debt, acquire other businesses or invest for the future." 

</doc>
<doc id="19423289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423289" title="Xan Tyler">
Xan Tyler

Xan Tyler is a female British singer.
Born and raised in South London, Xan began her singing career in 1991. After working with numerous bands and as session singer, she signed to Alan McGee's Creation Records as one half of synth pop duo Technique (the other half being musician Kate Holmes, now of Client).
In 1999 Xan and Kate Holmes collaborated with Mad Professor to create Mission Control. Mission Control released one album Dub Showcase on Poptones to critical acclaim and Xan joined Mad Professor on a European tour in 2000. Dub Showcase also feature a guest vocal from reggae icon Lee Scratch Perry.
1999 also saw Xan's first notable success as Technique with the release of "Sun is Shining", released on Creation Records, which reached number 64 in the UK Singles Chart in April of that year, followed by "You & Me" which got to number 56 in August. One of the remixers on "Sun is shining" was trance DJ Matt Darey, for whom she later performed vocals on the track "Wanna be an Angel", released under the name of Tekara in 2004 on Platipus Records.
In 2001 she teamed up with dance music producer Timo Maas and as Orinoko they released "Island" on Positiva Records. This pairing saw Xan introduced to numerous dance producers and labels.
Xan went on to release two more records on Platipus, Altitude "Silence is Loud" and "The Key" with Neo & Farina in 2004.
Other notable releases included "Feelings" with Mike Shiver on Lost Language & Solaris and "Run Away" with Redd Square on Tatsumaki.
Xan is currently working with pop ska band The Joys of Sound.
On 23/06/2011 it was announced that Xan would be joining Client to take over live lead vocals.
Reviews.
In September 2009, she received a positive review from decbelblog.com saying, "Tyler offers something different for us all. Think of a mix between Fiona Apple and Alicia Keys."

</doc>
<doc id="19423301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423301" title="City Nord">
City Nord

City Nord is a shopping center located at Stormyra in Bodø, Norway. Measuring and with 74 stores, it is the largest shopping center in Nordland. From November 2011 up until the completion of the 2012 expansion of Jekta Storsenter in Tromsø in November 2012 to it was the largest shopping center in Northern Norway. It had a 800-million Norwegian krone turnover in 2007 and is owned by Coop. The center opened in 1994 and has been expanded several times, first in 2008. The center suffered minor damage in a fire in December 2008 
In 2010–11, the center was expanded from to at a cost of , leading to concerns that the center might out-compete shops in the center of Bodø. These fears appeared to be allayed by early 2012, with the trade balance in the town evening out. The expanded center was opened on 10 November 2011 by the mayor of Bodø, Ole-Henrik Hjartøy, and the CEO of Coop Nordland, Lars Arve Jakobsen. The owner bought three surrounding lots for in 2013 and plans to expand the shopping center to between and , with construction starting in March 2014 and estimated to be completed before the Christmas shopping season of 2015. The cost of the renewed expansion is estimated by Coop Nordland at . By the completion of the 2014–2015 expansion, City Nord will be among the ten largest shopping centers in Norway. City Nord is aimed at a customer base from both Bodø, and the rest of the Salten region of Nordland.
City Nord has a multi-storey car park, with capacity in excess of 800 cars.

</doc>
<doc id="19423304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423304" title="James Nash (prospector)">
James Nash (prospector)

James Nash (5 September 1834 – 5 October 1913) is popularly acknowledged as the first person to discover gold in 1867, in the area of Queensland, Australia now known as Gympie.
Nash was born in Beanacre, Wiltshire, England, and migrated to Sydney, New South Wales, at age 23. 
In 1863 he moved to Queensland, working at Calliope and Nanango. Nash found rich gold deposits on an extended prospecting tour in 1867 near the Mary River, and his report on 16 October started 'one of the wildest rushes in Queensland history'.
Nash died in Gympie, Queensland on 5 October 1913.
The Electoral district of Nash was named for him.

</doc>
<doc id="19423316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423316" title="Bert Sharpe">
Bert Sharpe

Albert 'Bert' Sharpe (born 6 May 1878) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Fitzroy and South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Sharpe was a key position forward but could also play as a defender when required. He played at centre half-forward in the 1898 Fitzroy premiership side and went on to play 99 games for the club; some sources credit him as having played in Fitzroy's 1899 premiership team, thus making 100 Fitzroy appearances, but he was a late withdrawal from the side due to the death of his father the day before the Grand Final; his teammates wore black armbands for that match. He still brought up the 100 game milestone as he continued his career at South Melbourne in 1904.

</doc>
<doc id="19423321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423321" title="1955–56 DFB-Pokal">
1955–56 DFB-Pokal

The 1955–56 DFB-Pokal was the 13th season of a German football knockout competition and the fourth season played as DFB-Pokal. It began on 29 April 1956 and ended on 5 August 1956. Five teams, one from each regional federation, competed in the tournament during three rounds. In the final Karlsruher SC defeated Hamburger SV 3–2, thereby defending their title from the preceding season.

</doc>
<doc id="19423323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423323" title="Tasos Athanasiadis">
Tasos Athanasiadis

Anastasios (Tasos) Athanasiadis () son of Michael (Salihli of Asia minor, November 1913-Athens, 21 September 2006) was a writer and gownsman.
Biography.
He studied law in the University of Athens and practiced law in the period 1940-1945. In 1945 he got posted as Manager of the National Theatre of Greece Secretariat, and afterwards as general Manager, job that he retained until 1972.
In 1994 he got nominated as honorary doctor of the School of Philosophy of the University of Athens. Greece honoured him with three National Prizes and the medal of the Order of the Phoenix and he also got honoured with the silver medal of the French Academy.
He got famous from his writings " The guards of the Achaea" (two book novel, Academy of Athens Prize of the Urani Foundation), " Pantheoi" (trilogy novel in four books, Academy of Athens Prize -1961), " The throne room" (National novel Prize -1969), and " The children of Niobe". In 1986 he got elected as Academy of Athens (modern) and serviced as president of the Urani Foundation, of the Palamas Foundation and of the İpekçi Literature Prizes.
As a second language he spoke French and he was a resident of Athens.

</doc>
<doc id="19423369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423369" title="Gorni Lom">
Gorni Lom

Gorni Lom () is a village in north-western Bulgaria, Vidin Province. The population of Gorni Lom is 784.
The village is situated in a mountainous region, on the upper stream of the Lom River. It is located in the foot of Midzhur, the highest peak in western Stara Planina. Gorni Lom is a starting point for the tourists who climb Midzhur. Most of the village inhabitants work in a factory producing explosives or in the five small hydropower plants on the river.

</doc>
<doc id="19423394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423394" title="Maya priesthood">
Maya priesthood

Until the discovery that Maya stelae depicted kings instead of high priests, the Maya priesthood and their preoccupations had been a main scholarly concern. In the course of the 1960s and over the following decades, however, dynastic research marginalized interest in the subject. An ill-defined concept of royal 'shamanism', chiefly propagated by Linda Schele and Freidel, came to occupy the forefront instead. Yet, Classic Maya civilization, being highly ritualistic, would have been unthinkable without a developed priesthood. Like other Pre-Hispanic Mesoamerican priesthoods, the early Maya priesthood consisted of a hierarchy of professional priests serving as intermediaries between the population and the deities. Their basic skill was the art of reading and writing. The priesthood as a whole was the keeper of knowledge concerning the deities and their cult, including calendrics, astrology, divination, and prophecy. In addition, they were experts in historiography and genealogy. Priests were usually male and could marry. Most of our knowledge concerns Yucatán in the Late Postclassic, with additional data stemming from the contemporaneous Guatemalan Highlands.
Priests: In between shamans and kings.
Shamans and priests.
The Maya class of the priests is sometimes thought to have emerged from a pre-existing network of shamans as social complexity grew. The classic Siberian shaman is characterised by his intimate relationship with one or several helper spirits, ʻecstatic’ voyages into non-human realms, and often operates individually, on behalf of his clients. In 20th-century Maya communities, diviners, and also curers, may show some features of true shamans, particularly vocation through illness or dreams, trance, and communication with a spirit. In reference to these features, they are often loosely called ʻshamans’ by ethnographers. On the other hand, priests are chiefly cultic functionaries operating within a well-defined hierarchy and offering food, sacrifices and prayers to the deities on behalf of social groups situated on different levels. In 20th-century Maya communities of the north-western Guatemalan highlands, the hierarchies of 'Prayermakers' offer examples of such priests. The Prehispanic religious functionaries described by men like Diego de Landa, Tomás de Torquemada and Bartolomé de las Casas were also priests, not shamans.
Priestly kings and priests.
Among the Mayas, priestly functions were often fulfilled by dignitaries who were not professional priests, but this fact can not be used to argue the nonexistence of a separate priesthood. The "Popol Vuh" stereotypically describes the first ancestors as "bloodletters and sacrificers" and as the carriers of their deities, a priestly function. To the Kʻicheʻ kings and highest dignitaries coming after them, the kingship was a sacred institution and the temple service a duty: during certain intervals, they abstained from intercourse, fasted, prayed, and burnt offerings, "pleading for the light and the life of their vassals and servants." Although the text describes the three temples dedicated to the first ancestors' patron deities and names what appear to be the two high priests of the main deities (the Lords Ah Tohil and Ah Cucumatz), it does not discuss, or even mention, local priests.
According to some Yucatec sources, too, the rulers and the high nobility carried out priestly tasks. The highest Mayapan nobility, for example, is stated to have served continually in the temples; for the early Choles, no regular priesthood is mentioned, so that one might assume that the chiefs performed the priestly functions themselves. The Yucatec king (or "head chief of a province"), known as the "halach uinic" (‘true man’), is defined both as a ‘governor’ and a ‘bishop’. Without a grounding in esoteric and ritual knowledge, a ruler could apparently not function.
For the Classic period, the king should probably be considered a sacred, priestly king, perhaps subsuming in his person the priesthood as a whole. The latter idea has been used as an explanation for the seeming lack of references to priests in Classic period texts. The idea of the king representing the priesthood should not be pushed to its limits, however, since due to our lack of knowledge of priestly titles and imperfect understanding of the script, textual references to priests may easily pass unnoticed. The existence of a separate Classic priesthood, at the kingdom's court as well as in its towns and villages, is hardly doubtful; its absence would constitute an anomaly among early civilizations.
The priesthood in the Late-Postclassic Period.
The main description of a priestly hierarchy as it functioned in the first decades of the 16th century stems from Landa's account of Yucatec society, but isolated terms for priestly offices have also been transmitted from other Maya groups.
The Yucatec hierarchy.
Recruitment.
In Yucatán, priests were sons of priests or second sons of nobles. The priesthood provided high status positions for those children of the Maya nobility who could not obtain political office. They were trained through an apprentice system, with young adults being selected according to their descent and individual abilities.
Offices.
The high priest of the kingdom ('province') was called "ahau can mai" or "ah kin mai", with "mai" being either a family name or a functional designation. The position was hereditary, usually passed on to sons or close relatives. The high priest lived from the contributions of his town priests and the gifts of the lords. The responsibilities of the "ahau can mai" included the writing of books; the teaching of the Maya script and the Maya calendar to the novices; examining and appointing new priests and providing them with books; performing the more important rituals; and advising the other lords.
The town priest was called "ah k’in", a word with a basic meaning of 'diviner' ("k’in" by itself meaning 'sun' or 'day'). The "ah k’inob" had the responsibility of conducting public and private rituals within individual towns throughout the province. They "preached and published the festival days," determined the appropriate steps in case of need, made sacrifices, and administered the "sacraments", acts connected to life cycle rituals. The town priests were assisted by four old men called "chac".
The priests carrying out human sacrifice were called "ah nakom"; their status was relatively low. Priests giving oracles were known as "chilan" or "chilam", ‘oracular priest’ (often translated as ‘prophet’; an influential role, with the "Chilam Balam" as a prime example). The "chilan" may have used mind-altering substances.
The Itzá priesthood.
The last independent Maya state, the 17th-century Itzá kingdom of Nojpetén, was ruled by the king, Kan Ek’ and the high priest, "Ajk’ín" Kan Ek’. Their priesthood seems to have consisted of 12 priests: In the hall of the dwelling of the petty king, Ajau Kan Ek’, was a stone table with twelve seats for the priests. This priestly college is reminiscent of the twelve head priests of the kingdom of Mayapan. The Itzá high priest should perhaps be counted its 13th member. Thirteen priests are also mentioned as part of a classificatory system shared by the Yucatec and the Itzá states, and further comprising 13 "katuns", 13 provinces and 13 ambassadors.
Iconography.
In Chichen Itza (Temple of the Chac Mool under the Temple of the Warriors), long-robed, aged and ascetic-looking characters with broad-rimmed feather hats have been depicted that are carrying offerings. They are seated in a row with rain deity impersonators (perhaps rainmakers) directly behind them, and have been interpreted as Itzá priests.
Priestly offices outside Yucatan.
In dictionaries concerning the 16th-century Pokom Mayas of the Verapaz, one finds terms like "ah mai" and "ah zi" ʻthose who make offerings'; "ah zacumvach", ‘white countenance’ and "ah quih" for diviner; and "ihcamcavil", ‘carrier of the idol’, a function like that fulfilled by the first ancestors of the Kʻicheʻ and probably referring to priests serving in processions. Black sorcerers ("ah itz", "ah var", "ah kakzik") were consulted by lords and princes for witchcraft against enemies and for defensive magic.
The priesthood in the Classic Period.
At least seven centuries separate the early Spanish missionary descriptions of the Maya priesthood from Classic Maya society. Although archaic religions tend to be very conservative, it can not be assumed beforehand that these descriptions are valid for the Classic priesthood as well. It has been suggested that the priestly function of the king completely overshadowed that of the priests (see above). Nonetheless, Classic iconography appears to show various sorts of priests, and some hieroglyphic titles have been suggested to be priestly ones. Amongst these are "ajk'uhuun" ('worshipper'), "yajaw k'ahk" ('master of fire'), "ti'sakhuun" ('prophet'), and "yajaw te"' ('master of the tree/woods'). Priestly duties included sacrifice and the propitiation of deities, inauguration of kings, writing and interpretation of codices, and of course maintenance of ritual spaces and paraphernalia. Without being permanent ministers, the kings of the Classic Period ("k'uhul ajaw" or "holy lord") regularly officiated "ex officio" as high priests.
Appearance.
Classic art, particularly scenes on vases, depicts characters writing and reading books, aspersing and inaugurating kings, overseeing or performing human sacrifice, and presiding over burial rites, all activities suggestive of priests. These characters, sometimes aged and ascetic, can show some of the attributes of Late-Postclassic priesthood mentioned in Yucatec sources. Among these Postclassic attributes are long, heavy vestments and 'chasubles'; feather jackets; 'miters'; aspergillums; and tail-like ribbons hanging down from the jacket.
Patron deities of the priesthood.
Chief among the patron deities of the Classic priests was the upper god, Itzamna, first priest and first writer, still shown officiating in one of the pictures of the Late-Postclassic Madrid Codex. Patron deities of writing and calendrical reckoning were of obvious importance to the priesthood, especially the writers among them, and included a Maya maize god and the Howler Monkey Gods. The Howler Monkey God also personified the day sign, suggesting that he may more specifically have been a patron of diviners.
The Mesoamerican Maya priesthood after the Conquest.
The priestly hierarchy disappeared in the wake of the Spanish Conquest. Following the disastrous epidemics of the first colonial decades, the Mesoamerican priestly functions were restructured to fit within the incipient new order. In Yucatán, the village herbalists and curers seem to have become responsible for the rituals of the forest and the fields as well, and thus to have become a sort of village priests. Their name, "ahmen", already occurs in the earliest colonial dictionaries, yet only with the restricted meaning of ‘craftsman’. Originally only a maker of all sorts of poultices, the curer-"ahmen" gradually appears to have become a maker of prayers and sacrifices as well. Naturally, then, priestly "ahmenob" are not yet mentioned in Landa’s account. The literate aspects of the Prehispanic priesthood were partly assumed by local school masters and church singers ("maestros cantores"), who may also have been among the writers and compilers of the "Chilam Balam" books.
In the Guatemalan Highlands, the colonial and modern development was different and eventually resulted in thoroughly organized, indigenous priestly hierarchies, such as that of Momostenango. In this town, a hierarchy of ‘mother-fathers’ is charged with the priestly tasks of prayer and sacrifice: two of them on behalf of the town as a whole, fourteen for the wards, and three hundred for the patrilineages. Besides this hierarchy, a large part of the population (about 10000) has been initiated as diviner ("ajk’ij").

</doc>
<doc id="19423403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423403" title="Michael Sturdy">
Michael Sturdy

Michael Sturdy (born August 26, 1969) is an American poet and painter.
Sturdy has been writing poetry and painting since the early 1980s. He is the recipient of a National Scholastics Goldkey for his painting "Dancing Stalks". He began his writing career with the publication of the short story, "John Walker, and the wonders of his head," published in the magazine, "Yeah, Whatever!" in 1988. In the early 1990s, he began to edit for Berserk Publications.
Background.
Sturdy was born in Detroit, Michigan, and was raised in Plymouth, MI. He attended Salem High School in the Plymouth-Canton Educational Park where he began his training under the guidance of Kris Darby and Graham Martin. After attending Salem High School, he attended Eastern Michigan University. While at Eastern, he studied with the notable writers, Clayton Eshleman, Larry Smith, and Janet Kauffman. He was also a pupil of Bei Dao. Since then, he has gone on to work as a journalist, an editor, and has contributed to the publication of textbooks, dictionaries and critical texts. He is currently teaching Western Literature at Tokyo Metropolitan University in Tokyo.
Style.
From the late 1980s until very recently, Sturdy painted in the abstract-expressionist style. However, his style varies in that it attempts, not only to release the image, but to release the texture, the hue and the light of the emotive connections to the conscious mind through form and motion. Today, Sturdy paints with watercolors in an impressionistic style that attempts to create texture through a complexity of variation in hue as an emotive connection to the conscious mind: The play of lightness and darkness in hue, and the contrast between pigmentations, as seen in "the Venice Sketches", is used to replace the rawness of texture in his earlier abstract-expressionistic works.

</doc>
<doc id="19423422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423422" title="Diocesan School for Girls, Auckland">
Diocesan School for Girls, Auckland

Diocesan School for Girls (Dio) is a private girls' school in Epsom, Auckland, New Zealand. It is consistently a top-achieving school nationally. The school is Anglican-based and was established in 1903. It caters to international students and has accommodation for 50 boarders at Innes House. The school elected to offer students the option of International Baccalaureate diplomas, as an alternative to the national NCEA qualification, from 2008.
History.
Bishop Moore Richard Neligan first proposed the Diocesan School for Girls in October 1903. A subcommittee of the synod purchased land in November 1903, and the first class began on 27 May 1904 with twenty-five students and Mary Etheldred Pulling as headmistress. Neligan formally dedicated the school on 14 June 1904, and the school celebrates its birthday on this date. The founders were Auckland businessperson Stephen Cochrane, Dr Ernest Roberton, Lord Ranfuly, Edwin Mitchelson, Bishop Williams of Waiapu and Bishop Neligan <br>
The former Goodall Construction company constructed many of the buildings.
Technology.
The school opened a $4 million science block in 1999. During that year a pilot system to supply all students with notebooks was run with two year-8 classes. By November 1999 the school had three IT staff, supporting 469 PCs (150 of which were notebooks), 110 printers, and 6 file servers. The school introduced electronic whiteboards in 2005 that allow students to download classnotes directly to their notebooks. In 2006, it ranked as the 96th largest IT organisation in New Zealand, with a staff of eight supporting 300 PCs and 1,170 notebooks. in 2012 the school officially opened a new water-based sports turf and underground car park. The sports turf is identical in likeness to the one in London built for the 2012 London olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="19423428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423428" title="Nishijapon">
Nishijapon

Nishijapon (, After the Night... Dawn) (2005) is a Bengali film directed by Sandip Ray, based on a novel of the same name by Narayan Gangopadhyay.
Synopsis.
Bimal (Soumitra Chatterjee) is visited by his family and his friend in his Darjeeling house. Anita (Rituparna Sengupta), his elder son Nirmal's wife, takes good care of them, spending most of her time in the kitchen. Brojen (Deepankar De), the managing director of a tea estate and Bimal's friend, irritates everyone, especially Nirmal (Sabyasachi Chakrabarty), with his stories of his guru's miracles and his over-enthusiasm for food. Anita keeps trying to convince Shyamal (Parambrata Chatterjee), her brother-in-law and Sunita (Raima Sen), to see each other. Shyamal and Sunita grow to like each other and Anita enthusiastically declares the alliance to Bimal. Meanwhile, torrential rain makes it impossible for Ram, the servant, to get much food from the nearly closed market. That night the rain stops. Suddenly, all the inmates of the house are jolted out of their sleeps by a terrible earthquake. Power is cut off and most of the things inside the house is broken. Nirmal goes out to discover that Ram's house and orchard has been destroyed in a landslide. The next morning they discovered that the wooden bridge which connected them to the world was lying broken. Soon, there is serious shortage of food. Tempers flare as Nirmal and Brojen have a wild argument. Nirmal tries to climb down the mountain to get help, slips and injures himself but saved by Shyamal. Meanwhile Brojen starts to have optical illusions. He demands more food which leaves Anita fasting. Nirmal is infuriated by the gesture of Brojen and insults him for being insensitive and an uninvited guest who is a burden to them in this hour of crisis. Anita becomes weak and even faints. Shyamal tries to climb down the mountain alone but his nerves fail when he sees a dead body stuck in the rocks. He sees Anita drink the water washing a milk powder packet. Nirmal shouts at Brojen insulting him sorely. Anita and Shyamal try to control him but fail. Anita cries out in anger to reveal the truth behind their apparently happy marriage. Brojen, driven nearly insane by hunger, tries to walk out during the night. Shyamal has to knock him unconscious to bring him back to his room. Sunita feeds her share of rice to Anita who tells her not to trust anyone, Brojen on Shyamal. Bimal contemplates suicide with sleeping pills. Everyone is shocked out of their respective stupors by the sounds of gun shots. Nirmal shoots birds in the hope of roasting them. When Shyamal tries to stop him, he points the gun at him saying that soon the only way out would be cannibalism. A shocked and desperate Shyamal begins to try to climb down the mountain again with the horrified Sunita watching. At this moment, relief comes making arrangements for the family's rescue, bringing hope to all.

</doc>
<doc id="19423431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423431" title="Grace Academy (Coventry)">
Grace Academy (Coventry)

Grace Academy is an Academy in Coventry, England. It has an expanding sixth form which is part of the North East Federation. It was formerly Woodway Park School and Community College, and was converted into an Academy on 31 August 2008 using the same buildings, prior to housing the new academy in new buildings on 24 February 2010 
The academy is operated by Grace Foundation, a registered charity founded by Bob Edmiston, entrepreneur and founder of the evangelical international charity Christian Vision, who is a Governor of Grace Academy. According to its Annual Report and Financial Statements to August 2012, the Coventry school received annual government funding of £5,898,000. 
On 20 August 2013 the school was among those named by The Independent newspaper and the British Humanist Association as adopting a policy similar in wording to the repealed anti-gay legislation Section 28.

</doc>
<doc id="19423466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423466" title="Grace Academy">
Grace Academy

Grace Academy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19423470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423470" title="George Odgers">
George Odgers

George James Odgers was an Australian soldier, journalist and military historian. He was born in 1916 and died in 2008. After university, Odgers served in the Australian Army as a private soldier and non-commissioned officer; and later in the Royal Australian Air Force becoming a Group Captain. He was one of the authors of the official history of Australia in World War II, "Australia in the War of 1939–1945".
Early years.
Odgers was born in Perth, Western Australia on 29 March 1916. He was the youngest of eight children and the first of his parents' children to be born in a hospital. The family struggled financially through the Great Depression, but Odgers was able to attend Perth Boys High School and later worked his way through the University of Western Australia and University of Melbourne where he completed a master of arts.
After completing university Odgers started working at the "Melbourne Argus" in 1940. He left the newspaper to enlist in the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) later that year. After completing some air crew training he was ruled out of flying duties on medical grounds and instead joined the Army's Australian Imperial Force. As a member of the Army he served in the New Guinea and Borneo Campaigns, reaching the rank of sergeant. Following the war Odgers was successful in joining the RAAF and spent time with Australian forces during the Korean War, Malayan Emergency and Vietnam War, eventually rising to the rank of Group Captain. During his time in the Air Force he was a member of the RAAF War History Section.
Military historian and journalist.
Shortly after the end of the war Gavin Long selected George Odgers to be one of the authors of the air series of "Australia in the War of 1939–1945", starting his career as a military historian. Odgers' first book was a history of No. 77 Squadron RAAF in the Korean War entitled "Across the Parallel" which was published in 1952. His volume of the official history, "Air War Against Japan 1943–1945", was published in 1957 and covered the RAAF's operations in the Pacific War from 1943 onwards. The official history was followed by "The Royal Australian Air Force" (1965), "The Golden Years" (1971) and "Mission Vietnam" (1974). All of these works were guided by his experiences in the RAAF and successfully appealed to a popular audience "without sacrificing either detail or rigour". 
Odgers worked as a defence journalist in parallel with his career as a military historian. After the "Argus" closed in 1956 he was hired by the fledging television station GTV-9 and worked in its news production team. He moved to "The Age" in 1960 as a special writer focusing on defence issues. Odgers married Elizabeth Garrod in 1954 and the couple had two children.
In 1965 Odgers became the head of public relations for the Department of Air and subsequently the RAAF. He held this position until 1975 when he became Director of Historical Studies and Information in the Department of Defence.
George Odgers retired from the Department of Defence in 1981 but continued working as a historian. He published illustrated histories of the Royal Australian Navy, Air Force and Army in 1982, 1984 and 1988 respectively. His two volume history of Australia's involvement in 11 wars, "Diggers", was published in 1994. His last work was a biography of Wing Commander Dick Cresswell, "Mr Double Seven", which found a publisher shortly before his death in early 2008 at the age of 91. Odgers was the last living member of the 14 historians who wrote "Australia in the War of 1939–1945" and was survived by two of his siblings, his wife and sons and their five grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="19423474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423474" title="Izmaylovo Estate">
Izmaylovo Estate

Izmaylovo Estate () was a country residence of the House of Romanov built in the reign of Alexis I of Russia. Originally located 7 kilometres east of Moscow's city limits, it became part of the expanding city in the 20th century. Its territory spanned 10 to 15 square kilometres of the Serebryanka river valley and corresponds, roughly, to present-day Izmaylovo Forest, Terletsky Forest (south-east) and the Cherkizovo market (north-west) territories between the inner ring of the Moscow Railroad and the MKAD beltway.
The estate briefly flourished under Tsar Alexis and his daughter Sophia Alekseyevna, being the center of a large estate park with model farms, workshops and hunting reserves. The heart of the estate, the Izmailovo Court of Tsar Alexis (, ), was a wooden palace built on an artificial island - a hill surrounded by man-made ponds. The present-day Court retains two sets of palace gates, a cathedral and a barbican tower built in the 1670s-1680s. Other extant structures of the Court were built by Konstantin Thon and Mikhail Bykovsky in 1839–1859, when the island was converted into an almshouse, and in the 1970s. The present-day Court is a freely accessible open air museum.
History.
Background.
Nikita Yuryev, younger brother of Anastasia Romanovna, acquired Izmaylovo village in the middle of 16th century. Members of Romanov-Zakharyin-Yuryev clan owned lands in north-eastern Russian provinces, and conveniently placed their suburban residences in the eastern and north-eastern suburbs of Moscow (Rubtsovo, Preobrazhenskoye et al.). Izmaylovo village with wooden Romanov court was placed on a hill surrounded by Serebryanka river bend; it became a center of a hunting reserve, and most of its residents catered to the Romanov hunt. The dams and ponds that turned a hill into an island existed back in 16th century, but then the hill remained connected to the mainland with a narrow tract of solid ground.
Izmaylovo was destroyed during the Time of Troubles but soon restored to its original function by the Romanov-Yuryev family. In 1655 this line of the Romanovs extinct and its properties inherited by the reigning Tsar Alexis. Alexis consolidated numerous Romanov lands into a continuous tract spanning from Yauza River in the west to Kuskovo and Pekhorka River in the east. Alexis repopulated the lands with peasants (548 households) and tradesmen (216 households) relocated from the provinces.
Prosperity.
In 1663 Alexis settled to convert his personal domain into a technologically advanced center of Russian economy; he believed that agricultural technologies and crafts could be perfected to a point where domestic produce can substitute imports of wine, silk, cotton and spices. Another, less ambitious, objective was to grow commercial quantities of traditional Russian produce - wheat and linen. Most of this plan did, in fact, materialize. Izmaylovo vineyards, protected in winter by insulating mats, were sustained for decades; melons grew in soil brought from Astrakhan, figs and coconuts in greenhouses, although slowly. The stubborn silk worm appears to be the only absolute failure. Records of Izmaylovo inventory, including names of hundreds of Russian and foreign employees, were compiled soon after the death of Alexis and preserved in archives together with original architectural plans of the 1660s, making Izmaylovo the best documented of 17th century estates in Russia.
Between 1664 and 1670 Serebryanka River and its lesser tributaries were crossed by dams, creating a system of more than 20 large and small ponds (the larger ponds are extant to date). This provided enough water for irrigation and fisheries and power to the water mills. The hill of historical Izmaylovo was cut from the mainland with a wide moat; Alexis claimed the island as his exclusive residence and relocated Izmaylovo village to a new site 2 kilometers north, marked by present-day Izmaylovo Cemetery and church of Nativity of Christ, erected in 1676-1677 ().
Overall layout of Izmaylovo estate, dictated by the rivers, was irregular, but each individual farm or workshop was designed in a highly symmetrical fashion. The vineyard (), fig tree () and proso () farms were set up as regular squares; the 15-acre medicinal herb garden () and flax farm as perfect circles. The Wolf Farm that raised wild beasts for hunting was protected with a perfectly circular moat (); another, extant, circular moat () served as a fire reservoir for the brick kilns in the eastern end of the estate; five kilns were placed around the moat in a star pattern. The estate also featured a pure folly, the "Babylon" - Muscovy's first labyrinth, placed halfway between the Tsar's Court and the Wolf Farm. Wolf Farm, or Menagerie () housed beasts from sables to polar bears and is thus credited to be Russia's first zoo.
In 1671 Alexis launched construction of the Cathedral of Intercession on the eastern side of the island; it was connected to the mainland with a stone bridge and protected by a massive barbican tower that doubled as the belltower for the cathedral. The 14-span bridge was 100 metres long and 14 metres wide; present-day pond in this place is no more than 20 metres wide. There were no military-grade fortifications; Izmaylovo was never intended to withstand a regular siege.
Cathedral of Intercession was built in 1671-1679 as a memorial to the expulsion of Poles in 1618 and modelled after the Alexandrov cathedral, but with five domes and without inhabitable basement. Construction is credited to architect Ivan Kuznechik, author of the church of Saint Gregory in Yakimanka District of Moscow; Kuznechik employed teams of craftsmen from Kostroma. Ceramic tiling was produced by craftsmen from Belarus in 1673. Iconostasis, icons and internal finishes were made by Moscow natives and monks of Troitse-Sergiyeva Lavra. The cathedral stood out for its use of large (25×33 cm) coloured ceramic tiles with "Eye of a peacock" motive (extant) and unusually large window surfaces (lost during the 1840s reconstruction). Initially the cathedral exterior was finished in unpainted red brick; in 1729 it was painted white and is currently back to original red brick.
Alexis also planned to rebuild old wooden Court into a grand palace; construction began in 1676, but Alexis died in the same year. The new Court and the cathedral were completed in the 1680s by regent Sophia Alekseyevna. The main palace, placed on the southern edge of the court, was traditionally built of wood; service building on the northern side were built in brick and stone. The palace also incorporated house church of Saint Joasaph (1680).
Decline.
Sophia, engaged in political rivalry with the Naryshkin clan, invested into palace security and rebuilt the church of Saint Joasaph but neglected the farms of Izmaylovo. In May 1688, when young Peter I of Russia discovered a legendary "English boat" in Nikita Romanov's warehouse at the Flax Farm, the farm itself was abandoned. Peter used remote ponds and islands of Izmaylovo to train his private mock army but did not care to restore Ismaylovo economy.
After the fall of Sophia Izmaylovo Court passed to Ivan V of Russia (Peter's half-brother) and after his death housed his widow and daughters, including future empress Anna. Peter, as the legal guardian of his late brother's offspring, remained a welcomed guest of Izmaylovo Court. In 1700 the wooden palace was destroyed by fire, and soon replaced by another wooden structure. The new palace, inaugurated in January 1703, was set on a different site, closer to the water. Later, when Peter arranged marriages of Ivan's daughters to foreign princes, the palace became well known to Western guests. Cornelius de Bruin, attending the 1703 inauguration, described it as splendid, while the visitors of the 1720s complained about decrepit conditions and poor interiors. The Menagerie acquired its first Indian elephant in 1714 from the Shah of Persia but fell into disrepair too.
Anna of Russia, who became an Empress in 1730, refitted the palace, restored the Menagerie and converted the territory to its original function of a hunting reserve. Izmaylovo Court was once again repopulated by horse grooms, dog and falcon trainers and their animals. In 1745 Elisabeth of Russia relocated the principal residence from the island to the south, near the Menagerie. She connected the new country palace with Aleksey Razumovsky estate in Perovo with a new road that it currently known as the "Main Alley" () of Izmailovo Park. The old court on the island was abandoned; the circular pond around it was drained, the bridge and wooden palace demolished in the 1760s.
New palace by the Menagerie was eventually abandoned as well; the Menagerie was destroyed during the war of 1812 and was formally closed in 1826. The Cathedral operated in the 1760s-1800s only on special occasions and was closed in 1828.
Reconstruction.
In 1837 Nicholas I of Russia identified former Izmaylovo Court as the site of future almshouse for the veterans of Napoleonic Wars and assigned Konstantin Thon to manage the rehabilitation project. Thon initially planned to retain and repair the buildings of the old Court perimeter and add two-story residential wings to the cathedral. However, the plans changed and the perimeter buildings were demolished, with the exception of front and rear gates and church of Saint Joasaph. Instead, Thon rebuilt parts of the perimeter with single-story "historical style" buildings; parts were simply replaced with a fence.
The main residential wings of Thon's almshouse were attached directly to the cathedral walls, blocking its windows and concealing the cathedral from view from north, south and east. The western facade remains clear of 19th century additions. At the same time, Thon is credited with literally salvaging the cathedral from an imminent collapse: shallow foundations, set on unstable soil, caused severe deformation and cracking of cathedral walls. Thon raised ground and floor levels to immobilize foundations, arranged proper water drainage and reinforced cathedral walls with iron braces.
The almshouse was designed to provide shelter to 432 veterans (some of them with spouses); fresh food was supplied by a new farm established on the site of former grape plantation. The village of Izmaylovo became a textile town; the largest mill, owned by Englishman Robert Hill, employed over 1,500 workers. By 1917 Izmaylovo housed over 5,000 residents.
In the 1860s the Society of Animal and Plant Acclimatization attempted to resume 17th century experiments and set up a model honey bee and silk worm farms on the site of the historical proso farm. Exhibition hall of the Society, built in the 1880s by an unnamed English engineer, was the first reinforced concrete building in Moscow. Existing trees of the regular Izmaylovo Park were planted in the same period (1865–1890).
After the Russian revolution of 1917 the almshouses were closed and converted to ordinary housing under the name of "Nikolay Bauman settlement". When these residents were resettled to new homes after World War II, the almshouses were occupied in part by the State Historical Museum, in part by the Electrotechhical Institute. The cathedral was closed in 1920, converted to an archive and survived a fire in 1935. The church of Saint Joasaph was demolished in 1936-1937. Church of Nativity in Izmailovo village, on the contrary, operated continuously throughout the Soviet period. The ponds in Izmailovo, drained in the 1760s, were filled with water again in the 1930s; their present configuration is quite similar to the 17th century, except for a lesser number of dams.
In the 1970s the fence of the Court perimeter was replaced with low, single-story perimeter buildings that complete the structure designed by Thon and blend with the 17th century gates.
Cathedral of Intercession was restored externally in the 1960s and reopened as an Orhodox church in 1993. As at September, 2008, historical buildings of the Tsar's Court operate as a division of the Moscow United Museum, which also includes Kolomenskoe, Lefortovo and Lyublino Estate. The Court itself (but not the interiors of the Court buildings) is freely accessible to the public. There is a small exhibition of 17th-century art in the groundfloor of the barbican tower; the tower periodically houses chamber music concerts.

</doc>
<doc id="19423476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423476" title="Jack Wilkinson">
Jack Wilkinson

Jack Wilkinson is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="19423488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423488" title="Mikuláš Škuta">
Mikuláš Škuta

Miklós Skuta or Miki Skuta (born in Komárno, 3 January 1960) is a Slovak pianist and composer.
He was trained at the Bratislava Conservatory, completing studies in Paris under Claude Helffer. Skuta, a prize-winner at several Czechoslovakian and international competitions, was awarded a 3rd prize at the 1983 Maria Callas competition in Athen. He has been active as a concert pianist in Europe. 
A free-lance pianist, since the late 80s he has grown involved with jazz and contemporary music.

</doc>
<doc id="19423491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423491" title="Mullum Mullum Creek Linear Park">
Mullum Mullum Creek Linear Park

The Mullum Mullum Creek Linear Park is located east of Melbourne, Australia in the suburbs of Doncaster East and Donvale. It streaches for roughly 3 km along the western banks of the Mullum Mullum Creek between Heidelberg-Warrandyte Road and Tindals Road. Facilities include sealed pathways, barbecues and shelters. Other features include, bush walking tracks, bike jumps, trails and equestrian trails. Throughout much of the 1990s, extensive regenerative planting was conducted throughout the entire length of the park, this has restored much of the native riparian bushland within the park, most prominently the Mullum Mullum Wetlands.
Recreation.
Cycling is popular in the park, it hosts part of the northern section of the Mullum Mullum Creek Trail. The park sprawls out into residential housing and is linked to some surrounding roads directly or via other parks, where the park crosses major roads, these are indicated in bold:
Surrounding Parklands.
The park adjoins other parks surrounding the Mullum Mullum Creek:
Access.
Busses run along Heidelberg-Warrandyte Road (numbers 154, 155, 156, 159, 304, 364) and Reynolds Road (number 154). There are carparks at Heidelberg-Warrandyte Road, Reynolds Road and Tindals Road each either a capacity of 10-20 cars. The Mullum Mullum Creek Trail provides cycling and pedestrian access.

</doc>
<doc id="19423510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423510" title="Sara Benincasa">
Sara Benincasa

Sara Benincasa is an American comedian, writer and radio talk show host. She was a citizen journalist for MTV covering the 2008 United States Presidential Election as part of MTV’s 2008 Emmy Award-winning Think campaign. In September 2008 she began producing a vlog in which she parodies the role of Republican vice-presidential candidate Sarah Palin. She is particularly attentive to Palin's Midwestern/Alaska accent. These vlogs were uploaded to Benincasa's Youtube profile, until a partnership with Huffington Post's humor site 23/6 was established and the vlogs were moved to the twentythreesix Youtube page. She has since also honed a parody of Minnesota Republican congresswoman Michele Bachmann in the same vein.
Benincasa formerly co-hosted the Cosmo Radio sex/relationship talk show "Get in Bed" on Sirius XM Satellite Radio until September 2010, when Sirius XM reduced the channel's programming schedule and let go several of the channel's hosts. She then started a podcast with Marcus Parks called "Sex and Other Human Activities" which features a sex questions segment (using questions sent via email and Formspring) that launched in February 2011. The September 19, 2012, episode, entitled "End of an Era," is described as, "Sara's final show on the old SAOHA."
Benincasa was featured on Nerve.com's BlogALog as a comedic blogger. Her last post on the SJ1000 blog was April 1, 2008, in which she suggested that followers missing her internet presence go to her official website, her Myspace page, her MTV Think profile, or her blog. Along with her blog, Benincasa filmed a series of interviews titled "Tub Talk with Sara B". The series featured Benincasa in a bathtub with various comedic personalities, including Reggie Watts, Jonathan Ames, and Andy Borowitz. Benincasa has since revamped the web series on her YouTube account as "Gettin' Wet with Sara Benincasa". Interviewees include Margaret Cho, Donald Glover, Neil Gaiman, Amanda Palmer, and James Urbaniak.
In 2009, Benincasa developed a one-woman show about her experiences with agoraphobia and panic attacks. She has since sold the literary rights to "Agorafabulous!" to William Morrow, a division of Harper Collins.
Recently, Benincasa has contributed to Jezebel, has plans to continue her series of celebrity bathtub interviews, and has been touring with her comedy act. Her appearances on panels and as a performer at SF Sketchfest and during "Family Hour with Auntie Sara" has been a springboard for her new comedy material and as a launchpad for other comics.
Currently living in Los Angeles, Benincasa is busy working on her newest book, for young teen audiences. Sara has a degree in Creative Writing from Warren Wilson College in Asheville, N.C. She has an M.A. in Secondary School Education from Teachers College at Columbia University. 

</doc>
<doc id="19423521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423521" title="Mazinot Valentin">
Mazinot Valentin

Valentin Mazinot (born February 14, 1982) is a Malagasy footballer currently plays for USCA Foot in Analamanga.

</doc>
<doc id="19423532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423532" title="Louis-Paul Aujoulat">
Louis-Paul Aujoulat

Louis-Paul Aujoulat (28 August 1910 – 1 December 1973) was a French politician and missionary doctor. Following his long and illustrious political career he served as France's representative to the World Health Organization.
Early life.
Aujoulat was born on 28 August 1910 in Saïda, Algeria. He completed his secondary education in Sidi Bel Abbès, where his father taught, before being educated at the Catholic University in Lille (North) in 1928 to follow the Faculty of Medicine course. In 1934, he completed his thesis, which was named the best in his faculty. With his doctorate of medicine, for the next two years he worked with a physiology professor named Legrand and lectured at the local nursing school.
He was married in 1936, after which he joined the "Ad lucem" Catholic medical foundation, with whom he founded a hospital in Efok, Cameroon. Aujoulat served as director of the foundation from 1936 to 1945.
Political career.
On 18 November 1945 Aujoulat ran for deputy of the National Assembly of France under the Popular Republican Movement (MRP) party and won a plurality. At the Palais Bourbon, he was appointed Commissioner of overseas territories. Under this post, his most notable achievement was reorganizing the healthcare of the overseas territories. Aujoulat was reelelected on 10 November 1946 with 615 votes out of a total of 1201. Besides his other post, he was appointed member of the National Defense Commission.
Aujoulat assisted the UN General Assembly in 1946, as a counselor of the French delegation and intervenes on 13 December to approve trusteeship agreements in Togo and Cameroon. In November 1948, he abandoned the MRP, thus becoming an independent. Aujoulat was appointed Deputy Secretary of State for Overseas France from 29 October 1949 to 17 February 1950, then Secretary of State for Overseas France from 2 to 12 July.
In 1950, Dr. Aujoulat chaired the Economic Development Plan and Social Council and its implementing body, the Investment Fund (FIDES). He also led the Catholic Union of International Cooperation (UCCI) and the International Movement for Fraternal Union Among Races and Peoples (UFER). In the Act of 15 December 1952 he proposed to repeal forced labor, the establishment of basic workers' rights, labor protection and regulation of working conditions.
He was reelected again on 17 June 1951. He was also elected to Camerron's Territorial Assembly, a position he would hold for two years. In Paris, Dr. Aujoulat is appointed to the Board of Justice and Law, the Foreign Affairs Committee and that of industrial production and energy. He was the Minister for Public Health from 19 June 1924 to 3 September 1954, then Minister of Labor and Social Security until 23 February 1955.
Later life.
Aujoulat ran for re-election on 2 January 1956, though he lost with 20529 votes out of a total of 158061. After this he abandoned parliamentary life, instead focusing on a career as France's representative to the World Health Organization. He died on 1 December 1973 in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="19423552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423552" title="Inter-Provincial Cricket">
Inter-Provincial Cricket

Inter-Provincial Cricket is an umbrella term encompassing three domestic cricket competitions in Sri Lanka. It started with the Inter-Provincial First Class Tournament in 1990 because of the general idea that club cricket alone is would be not enough to keep Sri Lanka cricket competitive.
Sri Lanka remains today as the only Test cricket playing country to have club cricket as their form of first-class cricket. The tournament stopped after the 1994–95 season but was revived 10 years after with the 2003–04 season. The Inter-Provincial Limited Over Tournament and Inter-Provincial Twenty20 were created for the 2007–08 domestic season. The last First Class Tournament was held in 2009–10. The Twenty20 tournament was last held in 2011 and subsequently replaced by the Sri Lanka Premier League.
History.
From the inauguration of the tournament participating teams varied from year to year. 1990 the tournament started with four provincial teams. They were Western Province, Central Province, Southern Province and North Western Province. But in 1991 Western province as the major player contributor to Sri Lankan Cricket had two teams, City team and Suburb team. Then three teams in 1992 and therefore total teams participating was six. 1993 Western province presented three teams again as one City team and two suburban teams. After nearly 10 years of hiatus tournament revived in 2004. Teams yet again changed, only one team from Western province and teams for North Central Province, Uva Province participated for the first time. Then again in 2008 Limited Over Tournament comprised two teams from Western province. For the Twenty20 Tournament 2008 five provincial teams and schools invited team participated.
Teams.
Teams participation by series.
List of the teams for each tournament as follows.
</includeonly></onlyinclude>
Teams participation by series, from 2007/08.
From the 2007/08 Inter-provincial limited overs tournament started naming teams in Sinhalese.

</doc>
<doc id="19423558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423558" title="Álvaro of Braganza">
Álvaro of Braganza

Álvaro of Braganza ( 1440 – 1504, Toledo) was the 4th son of Ferdinand I, 2nd Duke of Braganza and his wife, "Dona" Joana de Castro.
Biography.
He played an important role during the reign of King Afonso V of Portugal, when he was appointed Chancellor of the Kingdom. He took part in the king's expeditions against Castile (War of the Castilian Succession) and in the king's voyage to France. On his return to Portugal, he married "Dona" Filipa de Melo (c. 1460–1516), the rich daughter and heir of Rodrigo Afonso de Melo, 1st Count of Olivença. They had two sons and four daughters:
When King John II of Portugal succeeded on the throne of Portugal and started his fight against the high aristocracy, namely the Braganzas, "Dom" Álvaro tried an approach with the King, but he was unsuccessful; his older brother, Ferdinand II, 3rd Duke of Braganza was executed, the family estates were confiscated, and the remaining family (Álvaro included) exiled to Castile.
Queen Isabella I granted "Dom" Álvaro important estates in Gelves, and he was appointed Mayor of Seville and Andújar. He also took part in the conquest of the Kingdom of Granada led by the Catholic Monarchs.
When King John II died, Álvaro of Braganza returned to Portugal, where the new king, Manuel I, appointed him as special ambassador to Castile to negotiate the King's marriage to princess Isabella, Princess of Asturias (1470-1498). Later he also negotiated the King's second marriage.
Álvaro of Braganza died in Toledo and his body was later transferred to the Convent of St. John Evangelist, in Évora.

</doc>
<doc id="19423560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423560" title="Jean-Chrysostome Raharison">
Jean-Chrysostome Raharison

Jean-Chrysostome Raharison (born 23 August 1979), commonly referred to as Bota, is a Madagascar international footballer who plays for SS Saint-Louisienne, as a goalkeeper.
Career.
Born in Antananarivo, Madagascar, Farro has played club football in Madagascar and Réunion for DSA Antananarivo, USCA Foot, FC Ilakaka, AS Marsouins and SS Saint-Louisienne.

</doc>
<doc id="19423567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423567" title=".458 Express">
.458 Express

The .458 Express is a .458 diameter (caliber) cartridge developed in South Africa. It is also referred to as the .458 3-inch.
Other .458 cartridges are the very popular .458 Lott, .458 Winchester Magnum and 450 Watts. Weatherby made the .460 Weatherby which is still one of the fastest commercial cartridges available on the market in this category.
There are a vast number of .458 cartridges on the market. At Rhino Bullets at http://www.rhinobullets.co.za/ several .458 Lott and .458 Winchester Magnum owners write about their experience. The .458 Express is largely unknown outside South Africa! Hardly any writers give comprehensive reports and ballistic tests for the cartridge. In the Reloaders Nest at www.reloadersnet.com a couple of reports can be seen of the .458 Express.
This unique cartridge originated in Africa, accommodating harsh African conditions, and less efficient South African rifle powders. It has a broad spectrum of reloading options and is capable of long-range, flat trajectory shooting, or close-up Big Five hunting shots, using the heaviest of bullets available in this caliber.
Development.
A range of .458 caliber cartridges have been developed since the 1950s; the .458 Express being developed in 2000 . The .458 Express is developed in South Africa by Professor Koos Badenhorst of Haenertsburg in the Limpopo province of South Africa.
Technical information.
The case.
The .458 Express uses a straight wall belted case as seen in the .458 Winchester Magnum (458 Win Mag). The case length is compared to the of the .458 Winchester Magnum and the case of the .458 Lott. See "Cartridges of the World - 10th Edition"
Case Capacity.
The volume of water contained in a .458 Express case is 111 grains compared to the 103 grains of the .458 Lott and 92 grains of water in the .458 Winchester Magnum case.
Caliber.
.458 diameter bullets are used in the .458 Express. The .458 Express is described by Dr. K Robertson in "Africa's Most Dangerous". He is also the author of "The Perfect Shot".
Permission.
All rights for publication was obtained from Prof. Koos Badenhorst as the developer and architect of the .458 Express.
The .458 Express Story.
ISBN 978-0-620-42754-8 Author: Werner Booysen. In this book the history of the .458 Express, development of the caliber and other interesting information are discussed.

</doc>
<doc id="19423582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423582" title="Sedera Randriamparany">
Sedera Randriamparany

Sedera Mathieu Randriamparany (born May 3, 1990) is a Malagasy footballer. He currently plays for Ajesaia.

</doc>
<doc id="19423584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423584" title="Cécile Cassel">
Cécile Cassel

Cécile Crochon better known by the stage name Cécile Cassel (born June 25, 1982) is a French actress and singer. Since 2002, she has appeared in a number of films and television series. She is also a recording artist using the stage name HollySiz.
Personal life.
She is the half-sister of actor Vincent Cassel and MC Mathias Cassel, and the daughter of Jean-Pierre Cassel.

</doc>
<doc id="19423601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423601" title="Gervais Randrianarisoa">
Gervais Randrianarisoa

Mamy Gervais Randrianarisoa (born November 7, 1984) is a Malagasy footballer playing for Aj Petite-Ile.

</doc>
<doc id="19423612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423612" title="Gambling in South Africa">
Gambling in South Africa

Gambling in South Africa has been heavily restricted since 1673, with South Africa's Gambling Act of 1965 officially banning all forms of gambling except betting on horse racing which existed as a sporting activity.
In the late 1970s casinos started operating in the bantustans (the nominally independent areas called homelands) of Bophuthatswana, Ciskei, Transkei and Venda. Only native South Africans lived there and most citizens couldn't access those gaming establishments. By 1995 an estimated 2000 illegal casinos were believed to be operating within the country. In 1994, when the new democratic government came to power, all forms of gambling were legalised. In 1996 the National Gambling Act instituted a system of licensed casinos and a single national lottery. Horse racing was also proclaimed gambling activity.
The National Gambling Act of 1996 made provisions for the regulation of gambling activities and promotion of uniform norms and standards in relation to gambling throughout the country. It gave definitions to different gambling notions, described how the 40 gambling licenses should be distributed among the provinces and provided information on liability. It also established the National Gambling Board, an organisation responsible for the supervision and regulation of the gambling industry. This change in legislation saw the establishment of legal casinos, a national lottery and other forms of gaming.
In 2004, another National Gambling Act repealed the Act of 1996. And in 2008 The National Gambling Amendment Act was introduced.
Prevalence and value.
According to a 2006 study the most popular forms of gambling in South Africa were the National Lottery (86.9% participation), slot machines (27.7% participation), scratchcards (22.7% participation), charity jackpot competitions (11.6% participation) and horse racing betting (11.5% participation). 8.3% of respondents said they never gambled and a further 5.5% characterised themselves as occasional game players with no regular forms of gambling.
In the 2006/2007 financial year licensed gross gambling revenue as monitored by the National Gambling Board totalled R13.52 billion, from R11.4 billion the previous year. 86.2 percent of that revenue was derived in casinos.
In the same period the Board reported a total of 455 raids on and closures of presumed illegal gambling operations.
Types of gambling.
South African National Lottery.
The South African National Lottery was established in 2000 and has been in continuous operation since, apart from a suspension between April 2007 and October 2007. In its last year of operation transaction values totalled R3.972 billion, with an average of five million transactions per week, making it the most popular form of gambling in South Africa.
Casinos.
Casinos operate in all metropolitan areas in South Africa.
Horse racing.
On-track betting on horse races was the only legal form of gambling in South African until 1996. Due to its complexity and the difficulty of attracting new players it did not effectively compete with the newly introduced National Lottery and casino games.
Betting on horse races is controlled by Saftote and operated by Gold Circle in KwaZulu-Natal and the Western Cape and by Phumelela in the remainder of the country.
Online gambling.
Licensed gambling sites.
Each of South Africa's nine provinces has a gambling and racing board. To offer online betting bookies must be licensed by one of these boards. Currently the Western Cape Gambling and Racing Board (WCGRB) is largest provider of online bookmaker licenses. This board licenses 32 online bookmakers. South Africa residents can use these online betting sites legally. For bets involving horse racing 6% is deducted from winning to cover VAT. As of May 2012, no additional tax is charged to recreational bettors, and recreational gambling winnings are not considered income for income tax purposes.
Online gaming laws.
The National Gambling Act 2004 prohibited both offering interactive gambling services and engaging in interactive games (games on the Internet). This rule applies to all online operators, licensed in any jurisdiction. It's however important to note interactive gambling relates specifically to games such as casino, poker and bingo. Online sports betting, online horse race betting and the business of bookmaking is lawful in South Africa, provided that the person conducting such business holds the necessary provincial bookmaker's licence(s), or is using a website with proper licence(s).
The National Gambling Amendment Act of 2008 that was published in July 2008 was meant to be an attempt to legalise interactive gambling in the country and make provisions for the regulation of this market. The Amendment Act was actively confronted by the interested parties (land-based gambling houses and anti-money laundering authorities). For this reason, the Act hasn't come into power yet.
On 20 August 2010 even online gambling offered through servers located outside the country was banned in South Africa. This was the result of the North Gauteng High Court judgement on the jurisdiction of online gambling transactions in the country. Consequently, both offering gambling services online and gambling online became illegal. The only exceptions are province licensed horse racing and online sports betting. Casino sites, individuals, internet service providers and banks that process payments for online gamblers are subject to a fine of R 10 million or 10 years of imprisonment, or both. Mass media channels that transmit or facilitate advertisement of online gambling services (TV and radio, newspapers and magazines, outdoor advertising agencies) are also to be held liable.
The South African Department of Trade and Industry also suggested to consider penny auctions a type of online gambling and illegalise them. 
The National Gambling Amendment Act of 2008 may come into force after an appeal to a high court ruling against "interactive gambling" is heard.

</doc>
<doc id="19423617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423617" title="Eric-Julien Rakotondrabe">
Eric-Julien Rakotondrabe

Eric-Julien Rakotondrabe (born December 1, 1980) is a Malagasy footballer currently plays for Fanilo Japan Actuels.

</doc>
<doc id="19423624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423624" title="Sir Gilbert Elliot, 3rd Baronet">
Sir Gilbert Elliot, 3rd Baronet

The Rt. Hon. Sir Gilbert Elliot, 3rd Baronet of Minto (September 1722 – 11 February 1777) was born at Minto, Roxburghshire, and was a Scottish statesman, philosopher and poet.
Biography.
Early life and education.
He was the son of Sir Gilbert Elliot, the 2nd Baronet of Minto, and Helen Steuart. One of nine children, Elliot was educated at Dalkeith grammar school and from 1735 at Edinburgh University. A period of study at the University of Utrecht (1743) was followed by a tour of the Netherlands and the German states during 1744–5. Elliot was "a distinguished classical scholar" who claimed in a letter to another intimate companion, David Hume, to have "read over almost all the classics, both Greek and Latin". Elliot's friendship with Hume had begun while both were students at Edinburgh University. He was trained for the Scottish Bar, and passed Advocate on December 10, 1743. On the death of his father on 16 April 1766 he inherited the Baronetcy.
Career.
Elliot was the author of "Amynta", which Sir Walter Scott described as "the beautiful pastoral song", and which began:
My sheep I neglected; I broke my sheep-hook
Other works by Elliot include "Twas at the hour of dark midnight", describing the death of Colonel James Gardiner (1686–1745) during the Battle of Prestonpans, published in the third volume of 'The Scots Musical Museum' and "Thoughts occasioned by the funeral of the earl and countess of Sutherland in Holyrood House" which appeared anonymously in the Scots Magazine for October 1766.
In March 1748 Elliot was appointed as Roxburghshire's first sheriff-depute, one of the judges introduced in Scotland by legislation passed in the wake of the Jacobite rising of 1745. Elliot served in the House of Commons as Member of Parliament for Selkirkshire (1753–1765), and then Roxburghshire (1765–1777), and was a supporter of the policies of King George III in the American colonies. His "Papers concerning the Boston Tea Party" are in Harvard University Library.[http://oasis.lib.harvard.edu/oasis/deliver/~hou00995] At one time he was a candidate for the Speaker's Chair in the House of Commons. He was made a Lord of the Admiralty in 1756, a position he held until his resignation in support of William Pitt in April 1757, and to which he was reinstated in June with Pitt's return to office
In 1752, supported by Edinburgh's Lord Provost George Drummond, he authored a pamphlet entitled "Proposals for carrying on certain Public Works in the City of Edinburgh". The advocated improvements were fully implemented by the Town Council and shaped the physical character of the city, as still seen to this day.
Elliot was Treasurer of the Chamber in the Royal Household from 1762 to 1770. He was appointed Treasurer of the Navy in 1770 in Lord North's government, and after was appointed Keeper of the Signet in Scotland in 1767. Elliot was a friend and follower of the Earl of Bute. Horace Walpole said Elliot was "one of the ablest members of the House of Commons". As a politician Elliot was best remembered for performances such as that during the militia debate in 1760 which, again according to Walpole, placed him in an élite group of mid- to late-century parliamentarians who displayed "the various powers of eloquence, art, reasoning, satire, learning, persuasion, wit, business, spirit and plain common sense".
Death.
Elliot died in Marseille, where he had gone to recover his health.
Personal life.
He married Agnes Dalrymple-Murray-Kynynmound on December 14, 1746 and with whom he had 8 children. Their oldest son was Gilbert Elliot-Murray-Kynynmound, 1st Earl of Minto.
See also.
History of Edinburgh

</doc>
<doc id="19423626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423626" title="Sir Ronald Forbes Adam, 2nd Baronet">
Sir Ronald Forbes Adam, 2nd Baronet

General Sir Ronald Forbes Adam, 2nd Baronet, GCB, DSO, OBE (1885–1982) was a British Army officer whose career spanned World War I and World War II. He had an important influence on the conduct of the British army in World War II as a result of his long tenure as Adjutant General, responsible for the army's organisation and administration, as well as through being a close confidant of Alan Brooke, the professional head of the army from late 1941 until the end of the war.
Early life.
Adam was the eldest son of Sir Frank Forbes Adam, 1st Baronet and his wife Rose Frances Kemball.
Military career.
Educated at Eton College and the Royal Military Academy Woolwich, Adam was commissioned in 1903 from the Royal Military Academy, Woolwich into the Royal Artillery. After a posting to India with the Royal Horse Artillery, he served in France, Belgium and Italy during World War I during which he attained the permanent rank of major (in November 1916) and was awarded the DSO, the OBE and was Mentioned in despatches three times. After the war he held a number of successively more senior staff postings at the War Office. He also spent a period as an instructor at the Army Staff College between 1932 and 1935 when the other instructors included Anderson, Gort, Montgomery, Neame, Paget and Thorne. He was appointed Commander Royal Artillery for 1 Division in 1936. He went on to receive in 1937 the prestigious posting of Commandant of the Staff College, Camberley, his first appointment as major-general. When Gort, a man of action but not particularly cerebral, was appointed Chief of the Imperial General Staff Adam was made Deputy Chief of the Imperial General Staff "to be the thinking head whilst Gort provided the drive". He is viewed as having masterminded a number of key reforms to the army in the run up to World War II during this appointment.
When Gort went to command the British Expeditionary Force he wanted to take Adam as his Chief of Staff. The Secretary of State for War, Leslie Hore-Belisha refused the request on the grounds of maintaining continuity. However, in October 1939 he was appointed commander of III Corps which by February 1940 was crossing the Channel to join the BEF. When in late May the BEF was ordered to evacuate, Adam was given the task of organising the Dunkirk perimeter (Major-General S. R. Wason RA took over command of III Corps). It is said that it was substantially due to Adam's leadership that the BEF was able to retreat behind a strong perimeter and leave France in relatively good order.
On his return from France in 1940 Adam was appointed General Officer Commanding-in-Chief Northern Command, responsible for the defence of the coastline from The Wash to the Scottish border. It was during his year with Northern Command that he concluded that the army needed more effective selection procedures and ensure that soldiers understood the cause for which they were fighting. In June 1941 he was appointed Adjutant General, the second military member of the Army Council and a key role with responsibility for all personnel, administration and organisational matters. The role was of particular importance during the war years because of the need for the army to adapt its practices to meet the needs of a conscript army led by non-career officers. He set up a personnel selection department that drew up aptitude tests to establish recruits' psychological stability, combatant temperament, technical aptitudes and leadership potential. Under Adam's guidance officer selection was no longer based on a simple interview by commanding officers but carried out through a War Office Selection Board ('Wozbee') whose members, advised by psychiatrists and psychologists, oversaw various tests, especially those aimed at showing a man's initiative potential. Adam did not accept the traditional view that there an 'officer-producing class' and believed that men and women of ability could be found in all parts of the community. Both these innovations met resistance, most of which was overcome.
Adam's championing of the Army Bureau of Current Affairs ('ABCA'), which produced fortnightly pamphlets on current developments to provide officers with material for compulsory discussion groups with their men. He and other senior officers recognised that the call of 'King and Country', which had been so powerful in 1914, was not enough for a more sceptical generation: a citizen army had to be encouraged into battle, not just ordered. But the 'Theirs not to reason why, theirs but to do and die' was still widespread almost a century after the Battle of Balaclava. But the leftward swing in British public opinion during the war years that resulted in a landslide for the Labour Party in 1945 was blamed by some Conservatives on ABCA, a charge Adam considered 'absurd'. The ABCA discussion groups substituted the 'habit of rational argument for the anarchy of the barrack-room argument', he told the British Institute of Adult Education in 1945.
As the end of the war approached Adam instituted a demobilisation system based on the 'first in, first out' principle, and resisted attempts to repeat the practice in 1918-19 of giving priority to the needs of the economy, which had led to mutinies by long-serving men.
Adam was seen by Winston Churchill, amongst others, as being too radical and aroused the suspicions of more conservative generals. Churchill attempted to have him posted in early 1944 as Governor of Gibraltar but Alan Brooke, who had been appointed CIGS at the end of 1941 and who saw him as progressive, ensured he continued to hold the post of Adjutant-General while he remained CIGS, which continued until the end of the war. Adam's influence on the conduct of the war was not only through his long tenure as Adjutant-General but also because he was one of Brooke's only two confidants, the two of them lunching regularly when both in London.
Retirement.
In retirement Adam became Chairman and Director General of the British Council, Chairman of the Executive Board of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organisation (UNESCO),Principal of the Working Men's College, and sat on the governing bodies of London University's Birkbeck College and Institute of Education. He remained a severe critic of the British educational system and in 1961 wrote that it would not be fundamentally changed until private education was ended .
He inherited the Baronetcy of Hankelow Court in the County of Chester upon the death of his father in 1926.
Family.
He married Anna Dorothy Pitman, daughter of Frederick I. Pitman in 1915; they had 4 daughters; Barbara (1917-2002), who married Sir Dennis Proctor, Margot (1918-1937), and twins Bridget (1927-2013) and Isobel (1927-).

</doc>
<doc id="19423631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423631" title="Damien Mahavony">
Damien Mahavony

Damien Mahavony (born December 15, 1985) is a Malagasy footballer currently plays for AS Adema.

</doc>
<doc id="19423642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423642" title="Ystwyth Trail">
Ystwyth Trail

The Ystwyth Trail is a multi-use rail trail linking Aberystwyth, Llanfarian, Ystrad Meurig and Tregaron in Ceredigion, Wales. Cycling and walking are permitted along the entire length while horseriding is permitted on several sections only.
The £1.7m Ystwyth Trail was partially completed in September 2008 and runs along part of the former redundant track bed of the Old Manchester and Milford Railway a Great Western Railway branch line. It remains incomplete, as several sections of the former railway line were not purchased to create the trail due to extensive lobbying by local councillors of Ceredigion County Council against the trail, as existing landowners and farmers objected to the construction of the trail. Diversions of the trail have now been carried out onto narrow sections of existing public roads to link these missing sections, but has created a non continuous trail with intermediate road sections which on narrow roads which have considerable safety issues due to their narrowness, many bends and no traffic speed limits. Due to these objections and lobbying, it is unlikely that this trail will be developed or completed any further. 
The Ystwyth Trail links with other routes via Lampeter and Devil's Bridge creating a link with both the Lôn Cambria and Lôn Teifi long distance cycling routes (Sustrans national network routes 81 and 82).

</doc>
<doc id="19423653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423653" title="Iowa Highway 143">
Iowa Highway 143

Iowa Highway 143 is a state highway which runs north-south in northwestern Iowa. The highway has a length of .
Route description.
Iowa Highway 143 begins at an intersection with Iowa Highway 3 just over one mile (1.6 km) south of Marcus in Cherokee County. On the northern edge of Marcus, Iowa 143 crosses a Canadian National Railway line. Six miles () north of Marcus, Iowa 143 crosses into O'Brien County. It ends later at an intersection with Iowa Highway 10, north of Germantown and east of Granville.
History.
Originally, Iowa Highway 143 was a short spur route from Iowa Highway 5 to Marcus; but it was extended north to Iowa 10 in 1937. In 1941, the highway extended south to the Woodbury/Cherokee county border near Correctionville. In the early 1960s, Iowa 143 was paved between Marcus and Iowa 10, and the segment south of Iowa 3 / Iowa 5 was turned over to Cherokee County.

</doc>
<doc id="19423666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423666" title="Milgate Park Estate">
Milgate Park Estate

The Milgate Park Estate is a housing estate in Doncaster East, a suburb of Melbourne, Australia. The estate comprises 40 hectares of land situated around a section of Long Valley, a gully bed that no longer carries surface water, which flows northeast and into the Mullum Mullum Creek. The land was used for orchards from the 1860s to the 1970s when it was subdivided for residential housing. Land in the estate itself was released to the public in two stages, the southern area first, followed by the northern area.
The estate is listed on the Register of the National Estate for historical importance, it is a rare example of the implementation of the planning principles of the Radburn traffic separation idea (known as the planning scheme for "towns of the motor age") which served as a precedent for the car-free movement. It included communal ownership of community facilities and extensive community parkland. Facilities include; a playground, two tennis courts, a netball court, football ground and playing facilities. The facilities are owned by the residents through a Home Owners Association. There is no through traffic and only Landscape Drive is not a court.
Parklands.
Milgate Park extends through much of the estate, Landscape Drive Reserve (formally a lake) adjoins the estate at the northern section of Landscape Drive.
Roadways.
Many of the roadways within the estate were named after artists of the Heidelberg Arts School:
Criticisms.
Although marketed and propagated as a progressively designed, environmentally friendly estate and native parklands, the estate is far from it. In addition, many ideas and concepts initially proposed were not seen through to completion:

</doc>
<doc id="19423703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423703" title="Pascal Razakanantenaina">
Pascal Razakanantenaina

Pascal Razakanantenaina (born April 19, 1987) is a Malagasy footballer currently plays for Calais RUFC of France.

</doc>
<doc id="19423734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423734" title="Arctomecon humilis">
Arctomecon humilis

Arctomecon humilis is a rare species of poppy called Bearclaw Poppy or Dwarf Bearclaw-poppy. It is endemic to Washington County, Utah, in the United States of America. It is a federally listed endangered species limited to barren, heavily gypsiferous soils in the immediate vicinity of St. George, Utah. Only a half-dozen populations are known, several of which are adjacent to or even within the urbanized area.
"A. humilis" is a taprooted perennial herb producing stout, waxy stems that grow 15 to 25 centimeters tall. Waxy blue-green leaves with rounded teeth are located around the base of the plant. Each scape-like stem has one or two ivory-white flowers that have orange-yellow stamens. The ovoid shaped fruits produce up to 30 or sometimes more, shiny black seeds.
It is pollinated by the rare solitary bee species "Perdita meconis".

</doc>
<doc id="19423735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423735" title="Natalia Ivanova">
Natalia Ivanova

Natalia Ivanova, Natalya Ivanova or Nataliya Ivanova may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19423738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423738" title="Taki-no Castle">
Taki-no Castle

, is a flatland-hilltop Japanese castle ruin located in Tokorozawa, Saitama Prefecture. It was on a key route between the northern Kanto Plain and Hachioji. 
The most recent structure was built in the 15th century by Ōishi Sadahisa and existed during the 16th century Sengoku Period of Japanese history. In 1546, the Hojo of Odawara took control and in 1569 possession passed to the Takeda.
After 1590, the castle was abandoned simultaneously with the arrival of Tokugawa Ieyasu into the region, having outlived its purpose.
The castle is now a ruin with clear archeological evidence of the foundations of a number buildings and a dry moat. The castle name "Taki-no-jō", which literally means "waterfall castle" is due to a waterfall that exists on the eastern part of the castle grounds. The castle grounds now form a recreational park including walking paths, a children's play area and a baseball field. The park is called .

</doc>
<doc id="19423765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423765" title="Mamisoa Razafindrakoto">
Mamisoa Razafindrakoto

Mamisoa Razafindrakoto (born August 13, 1974) is a Malagasy footballer currently plays for USCA Foot. 
He is known for letting in 149 own goals as a protest to the referee.

</doc>
<doc id="19423775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423775" title="Sahit Prizreni">
Sahit Prizreni

Sahit Prizreni (born on February 23, 1983 in Kukes) is a male freestyle wrestler from Albania. He participated in Men's freestyle 60 kg at 2008 Summer Olympics. He was eliminated in 1/8 of final losing with Bazar Bazarguruev from Kyrgyzstan. 
Prizreni participated in Men's freestyle 60 kg at 2004 Summer Olympics as well where he was ranked on 17th place. 
He won a bronze medal on 2007 FILA Wrestling World Championships

</doc>
<doc id="19423779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423779" title="Atttadappa">
Atttadappa

Atttadappa is a small village in the Kannur district of Kerala. The village has a co-operative bank branch. There are 2 L.P schools and 1 U.P School in this village. There is a primary Health Center in this village. Edakkad, which is a tourist place is also near to this. Edakkad is famous for its beach. 

</doc>
<doc id="19423785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423785" title="University of Pretoria Faculty of Law">
University of Pretoria Faculty of Law

The University of Pretoria Faculty of Law was established in 1908 and consists of five academic departments, six centres, two law clinics and its own publisher the Pretoria University Law Press (PULP). The faculty offers the undergraduate LLB degree, the postgraduate LLM and LLD degrees as well as several continuing education courses.
The Oliver R Tambo Law Library houses the faculty's collection of legal materials and the Law of Africa collection in the library is the single most comprehensive and current collection of primary legal materials of African countries.
The faculty organises the annual African and World Human Rights Moot Court Competition and in 2006, the faculty's Centre for Human Rights received the UNESCO Prize for Human Rights Education. Since 1997, the university as a whole has produced more research outputs every year than any other institution of higher learning in South Africa, as measured by the Department of Education's accreditation benchmark.
History.
The proposal for a university for the capital, first mooted in the Volksraad in 1889, was interrupted by the outbreak of the Anglo Boer War in 1899. In 1902 after the signing of the Peace of Vereeniging, the Normal College for teacher training was established in Groenkloof, Pretoria and in 1904 the Transvaal Technical Institute, with emphasis on mining education, opened in Johannesburg. In 1906 the Transvaal Technical Institute changed its name to the Transvaal University College. On 4 March 1908 when the Transvaal University College (TUC) transferred its arts and science courses to its newly established Pretoria Campus the precursor to the university was established, initially offering courses in languages, sciences, and law.
Academics.
The faculty offers the undergraduate LLB degree and the postgraduate LLM and LLD programmes. The undergraduate BCom (Law) and BA (Law) degrees are presented by the faculties of Economic and Management Sciences and Humanities respectively. After completing either the three-year BCom (Law) or BA (Law) degree students may apply to complete the LLB degree in two years rather than the traditional four years for a LLB, a practice that is recommended by the faculty.
LLM programmes by coursework and research cover all the traditional legal fields namely procedural law, private law, public law, mercantile law, corporate law, labour law and criminal law as well as specialised master programmes like socio-economic rights: theory and practice, human rights and democratisation in Africa, international trade and investment law in Africa, child law, international air, space and telecommunication law and intellectual property law amongst others. LLD programmes cover procedural law, legal history, comparative law and legal philosophy, mercantile law, public Law, private law and human rights.
Continuing education short courses are presented in the fields of child law, commercial law, general law, insolvency law, labour law, legislative drafting and sports law.
Centres, units and institutes.
Centres, Units & Institutes in the faculty include the Centre for Advanced Corporate & Insolvency Law, Centre for Child Law, Centre for Human Rights, Centre for Intellectual Property Law, Centre for Medicine & Law, Institute for International and Comparative Law in Africa and Sports Law Centre in Africa. The Centres, Units & Institutes have a research and academic purpose.
Centre for Human Rights.
The Centre for Human Rights at the University of Pretoria, South Africa, is an organisation dedicated to promoting human rights on the continent of Africa. The Centre, founded in 1986, promotes human rights through educational outreach, including multinational conferences, seminars and publications such as "Human Rights Law in Africa", The African Human Rights Law Journal, the African Human Rights Law Reports and "The Constitutional Law of South Africa". The Centre, which was founded during Apartheid, assisted in adapting a Bill of Rights for South Africa and contributed to creating the South African Constitution. In 2006, the Centre received the UNESCO Prize for Human Rights Education.
Institute for International and Comparative Law in Africa.
The Institute for International and Comparative Law in Africa (ICLA), established at the beginning of 2011, is a research institute located in the Faculty of Law with Professors Erika de Wet and Christof Heyns (the United Nations Special Rapporteur for extrajudicial, summary or arbitrary executions) being appointed as Co-Directors.
The ICLA co-ordinates the Oxford Constitutions Online African country reports and collaborates with the Centre for Human Rights to co-ordinate the Oxford Reports on International Law in Domestic Courts (ILDC) Online African case law.
Centre for Child Law.
The Centre for Child was established in 1998 and is enjoys recognition as a law clinic by the Law Society. Established in 2003 the Centre's Children's Litigation Project acts as amicus curiae in litigation in relation to children's rights through, appearing in several cases before the North and South Gauteng High Court, Supreme Court of Appeal and Constitutional Court.
Pretoria University Law Press.
The Pretoria University Law Press (PULP), situated within the Faculty of Law, endeavours to publish and distribute advanced scholarly legal texts in English, Afrikaans, French, Arabic and Portuguese. PULP publishes a series of collections of legal documents related to African public law and legal text books from other African countries and is a member of the Publishers' association of South Africa.
Student Activities.
Law students participate in the following activities:
Alumni.
Well known alumni include:

</doc>
<doc id="19423808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423808" title="Bruno Rajaozara">
Bruno Rajaozara

Bruno Rajaozara (born May 8, 1981) is a Malagasy footballer currently plays for AS Adema.

</doc>
<doc id="19423821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423821" title="Hadjicostas's formula">
Hadjicostas's formula

In mathematics, Hadjicostas's formula is a formula relating a certain double integral to values of the Gamma function and the Riemann zeta function.
Statement.
Let "s" be a complex number with Re("s") > −2. Then
Here Γ is the Gamma function and ζ is the Riemann zeta function.
Background.
The first instance of the formula was proved and used by Frits Beukers in his 1978 paper giving an alternative proof of Apéry's theorem. He proved the formula when "s" = 0, and proved an equivalent formulation for the case "s" = 1. This led Petros Hadjicostas to conjecture the above formula in 2004, and within a week it had been proven by Robin Chapman. He proved the formula holds when Re("s") > −1, and then extended the result by analytic continuation to get the full result.
Special cases.
As well as the two cases used by Beukers to get alternate expressions for ζ(2) and ζ(3), the formula can be used to express the Euler-Mascheroni constant as a double integral by letting "s" tend to −1:
The latter formula was first discovered by Jonathan Sondow and is the one referred to in the title of Hadjicostas's paper.

</doc>
<doc id="19423827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423827" title="Jagudis de Biombo">
Jagudis de Biombo

Players to equipe Jil Bandim, Carlush Veredas, Antoniu Mpanzu, Norberto Ruy Antonio, Luish Teisheira, 
Gabriel Karneiro
Jagudis de Biombo is a Guinea-Bissauan football club based in Biombo. They play in the 2 division in Guinean football, the Campeonato Nacional da Guine-Bissau.

</doc>
<doc id="19423830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423830" title="George Moore (1811–1871)">
George Moore (1811–1871)

George Moore (1811–1871) was a landowner who became the High Sheriff of Derbyshire and built Appleby Hall in Leicestershire.
Biography.
Moore was born in 1811 at his mother Susan's ancestral home of Snarestone Hall. Susan's maiden name was Drummond and she had married Moores father who was also called George (1778–1827) the year before. His father and Susan had another daughter Susan Drummond but his mother died in 1813. His father then married Elizabeth Hurt of Alderwasley but there were no other children.
Moore became Lord of the Appleby Parva Manor in 23 June 1827 when his father died and he set out on a large campaign of building. Between 1832 and 1836 the existing Appleby House was extended with a new classical wing. The new extension was so large that the building was renamed. So in 1837 when George became High Sheriff of Derbyshire he was recorded as of Appleby Hall.
Susan Drummond Moore, married Edward Holden of Aston-on-Trent on 22 November 1832 In 1838 Edward Holden served as High Sheriff of Derbyshire taking over from Moore, who had been Sheriff the year before.

</doc>
<doc id="19423833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423833" title="Yvan Rajoarimanana">
Yvan Rajoarimanana

Yvan Rajoarimanana Avotriniaina (born August 23, 1988) is a Malagasy footballer who currently plays CNaPS Sport.
Career.
Rajoarimanana started his football career with Ajesaia. He played one year with Ajessaia in the Ligue one before joined to JS Saint-Pierroise. Rajoarimanana played two years in the Réunion Premier League, before returned to Madagascar and signed with CNaPS Sport Itasy.
International.
He was from 2008 to 2011 member of the Madagascar national football team and played twelve games for them.

</doc>
<doc id="19423835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423835" title="Aspromonte National Park">
Aspromonte National Park

Aspromonte National Park is situated in the southern section of the Apennines, in Calabria, Italy. 
The park lies near the sea and includes mountain summits nearly reaching the 2,000 meters of height (Montalto is 1,955 m). 
The park's territory, crossed by several watercourses, is populated by important animal species like the wolf, the peregrine falcon, the eagle owl, and the goshawk. Most of the territory is dominated by forests of beech trees, silver firs, black pines, Holm Oaks, chestnut trees, and Mediterranean maquis. A couple of rare species live here: Bonelli's eagle and a tropical fern ("Woodwardia radicans"). 
Surrounded by the Mediterranean, the Park is also rich in historical, artistic, and archaeological values.

</doc>
<doc id="19423843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423843" title="Gábor Csalog">
Gábor Csalog

Gábor Csalog (born in Budapest, 1960) is a Hungarian pianist.
He was trained at the Ferenc Liszt Academy, and completed studies under György Sebõk at Indiana University. He was prized at the 1986 Ferenc Liszt Competition.
Csalog, known for his work on Hungarian contemporary music, has recorded for Budapest Music Records since the '90s. His recordings include "Étrangeté / Strangeness Alexander Scriabin: Preludes and Poems" (Budapest Music Center Records, 2005). He is a teacher at the Liszt Academy and the Béla Bartók Conservatory, and currently works on an Urtext edition of Fryderyk Chopin's complete works for Könemann Music Budapest.

</doc>
<doc id="19423861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423861" title="Hubert Robson">
Hubert Robson

Hubert Robson Razakananantena (born January 17, 1974) is a Malagasy footballer currently plays for Fanilo Japan Actuels.

</doc>
<doc id="19423862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423862" title="Sporting Clube Farim">
Sporting Clube Farim

'"Sporting Clube Farim" is a Guinea-Bissauan football club based in Farim. They play in the 2 division in Guinean football, the Campeonato Nacional da Guine-Bissau.
Players to equipe Kanas Souza, Mario Antonio Imbali, Hit Morumotto, Arnaldo Edi Sano, Joau Gonsalvesh di Oliveira, Antoniu Cardosu Figuereidu

</doc>
<doc id="19423867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423867" title="Tomentum (anatomy)">
Tomentum (anatomy)

Tomentum in anatomy are a short, soft pubescence or a covering of fine, soft hairs.

</doc>
<doc id="19423878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423878" title="Lalaina Nomenjanahary">
Lalaina Nomenjanahary

Lalaina Nomenjanahary (born June 1, 1986) is a Malagasy footballer currently plays for French club RC Lens in France.

</doc>
<doc id="19423887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423887" title="Edoardo Catemario">
Edoardo Catemario

Edoardo Catemario (born 25 September 1965) is an Italian classical guitarist.
Biography.
Edoardo Catemario was born in Naples. He studied guitar with Salvatore Canino, Antimo Pedata, José Tomás, Stefano Aruta and Maria Luisa Anido, piano and analysis with Titina De Fazio and the South American composers Leo Brouwer and Oscar Casares. At the age of 11 gave his first solo recital.
In January 1991 Catemario was the first prize winner of the "Andrés Segovia" guitar competition in Almuñécar, and in 1992 of the Michele Pittaluga International Classical Guitar Competition in Alessandria.
His performances include the romantic repertoire (played on original instruments), baroque, 20th century music, contemporary and avant-garde music, and include solo, chamber works and concertos for guitar and orchestra. He has performed across Europe, the United States and South America in venues such as the Grosser Saal of the Wiener Musikverein (Vienna), Auditorio Nacional de Musica (Madrid), St John's and the Royal Academy of Music (London), Weill Hall at Carnegie Hall (New York), Cité de la Musique (Paris), Teatro Coliseo (Buenos Aires), and the Musikhalle (Hamburg). He is frequently invited as a guest soloist by various orchestras, and has collaborated with many of the world's chamber musicians. Catemario has recorded for the Decca, ARTS Music, and Koch Schwann labels.
As a teacher, he has held master classes in Europe and the United States. He has taught at the Accademia Musicale di Firenze since 2006. He is also a visiting professor at the Royal Academy of Music (London) and taught in the "Sommer Akademie" of the Salzburg Mozarteum from 2001 to 2007.
Catemario is the artistic director of Associazione QuattroQuarti, which organizes several music festivals in Italy. He owns and plays on his collection of old instruments dated between 1890 and 1935.

</doc>
<doc id="19423895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423895" title="We've Never Heard of You, Either">
We've Never Heard of You, Either

"We've Never Heard Of You, Either" is the first major label album release from Evan and Jaron. It was released on Island Records on April 21, 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="19423896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423896" title="The Spooky Movie Film Festival">
The Spooky Movie Film Festival

Spooky Movie - The Washington, D.C. International Horror Film Festival (aka: The Spooky Movie Film Festival) is an internationally recognized showcase for independent and underground filmmakers of the horror, science fiction and fantasy genres.
History.
The first and only horror film festival held in the D.C. Metro area, The Spooky Movie Film Festival was formed in 2006 to give both filmmakers in the horror/sci-fi genres a venue to have their work showcased to people in the industry, and the fans in Washington, D.C. area a unique experience. 
Many of the features that have screened at the festival go on to get picked up for distribution afterwards, including the opening night features in 2006 and 2007 (The Slaughter and Eat Your Heart Out); both would later be signed to Lionsgate Entertainment.
The home base for the festival is Cinema Arts Theatres in Fairfax, Virginia, with additional screenings in Crystal City, Virginia, Wheaton, Maryland, Arlington, Virginia, Hagerstown, Maryland and mid-town D.C.
2006.
The inaugural 2006 fest (October 26–28), 30 films were screened during three days. The cover art for the festival was a black and white photograph of Count Gore de Vol (Dick Dyszel), who was the host for opening night. The following morning Mr. Dyszel returned as his other alter-ego, Captain 20 (popular children's host in the 1970s and 1980s) for a matinee of family friendly films, which included "Teddy Scares" and the first of the Blue Rhino trilogy - "The Blue Rhino Vs. The Zombie Caveman".
Featured in the schedule was the world premiere of the feature film Two Front Teeth, the east coast premiere of the Korean film "The Red Shoes", and the D.C. premieres of "Pervert!" and "The Slaughter". Short film screenings included "The Legend of Farmer Jenkins", "Pumpkin Zombies", "Jitters" and "Zombie Island".
Selections from the festival were later screened at Artomatic, a month long D.C. arts festival, as well as Horror At The Hager Summer Series in Hagerstown, Maryland.
2007.
In 2007, the festival (October 12–14) screened the world premiere of Eat Your Heart Out, the American premiere of the Japanese movie "", and the D.C. premieres of "99 Pieces" and "The Creek". Short films in 2007 included award winners like "Callous Sentiment", "The Dollhouse", "Electrical Skeletal" and "Of Darkness". 
In addition to the new showings, a midnight screening of the silent classic "Der Golem" was screened, with performance artist Bobogolem providing the soundtrack on 9 different instruments, including a stand-up bass, therimin, banjo and violin. 
The Washington Post called the performance "The highlight of the festival," as well saying that the 2007 fest was "A slashing good time." The cover art for the 2007 festival program guide was done by Buz Hasson, illustrator for the comic book The Living Corpse. In addition, the festival began with a video greeting to Count Gore from Steve Niles, creator of 30 Days of Night, who had autographed a poster from the movie to be given away on opening night.
One week following the October 2007 fest, a 12 hour, all night marathon was scheduled at Horror at the Hager (The Spooky Movie Red Eye Marathon) and included more world premieres, including "The Jester" and "Us Sinners". Additional screenings were scheduled for the 2008 Artomatic event, held in mid-town Washington, D.C.
Midsummer Night's Scream.
A one night only / stand-alone event was scheduled for the summer of 2008 (July 17, 2008). Scheduled were four award winning short films - "The Ancient Rite of Corey McGillis", "Seekers", "Eight Thirty-Two" and "The Marionette" - and the D.C. area premiere of the Troma Entertainment produced feature "". 
Director and producer, Lloyd Kaufman, came in for the event and afterwards led an hour-long question and answer session. The following day, Mr. Kaufman visited University Mall Theatres, also in Fairfax, Virginia, for a two hour version of his "Make Your Own Damn Movie" master class.
2008.
Spooky Movie was held on Oct. 16-20 and screened 50 films from 10 countries at 3 different theaters in 2 states. The program guide cover for 2008 featured artwork from Mike Sosnowski, former animator for both Ralph Bakshi and Disney Studios.
The bulk of the festival ran the at Cinema Arts Theatres in Fairfax, Virginia; a week earlier there was a preview night event at the then-recently opened Montgomery Cinema 'N' Draft House in Wheaton, Maryland. Then on Halloween, there was a special event at the Arlington Cinema 'N' Draft House in Arlington, Virginia, hosted by "Count Gore De Vol" with music by "Karlos Borloff" and his band "The Monsterminators."
Premiere features included "Bane", "No Through Road", "", "Brain Dead", "Crushed" and the world premiere of "Vlog" - a new feature from the producer of Saw. Short films included "Attackazoids!", "Night of the Hell Hamsters", "Foet", "Excision", "Snip" and the Bill Plympton animated film "Shut-Eye Hotel".
2009.
Spooky Movie was held on Oct. 21-25 and screened 42 films from 9 countries and 12 states.
The opening night event was a special screening of H.G. Lewis' classic horror film Two Thousand Maniacs with the director in attendance. Feature films screened at the fest included Evil Angel, The Death of Alice Blue, Must Love Death and Morgue Story. Short films screened included Attackazoids, Deploy!!, Psycho Hillbilly Cabin Massacre, , and Tinglewood.
2010.
Spooky Movie was held on Oct. 21-25 and screened 41 films.
The opening night event was a special screening of Tucker & Dale vs Evil. Feature films screened at the fest included Colin, Broken Springs, The Uh! Oh! Show, Everything's Eventual, The Echo Game, Every Other Day Is Halloween, Mørke Sjeler, S&Man and The Matrimony.
The Spooky Movie (Television Show).
A Horror Host television program that showed public domain horror and science fiction movies, produced from October 1995 until September 2006. Hosted by "Dr. Sarcofiguy" (John Dimes), has been screened across the county on The Horror Host Underground Network, and continues to be seen on Falls Church Cable Television" (FCCTV). The show provided the foundation and support for the film festival, which debuted in October 2006.. 
In 2008 it was announced that a new version of the program would begin production, focusing on the short films submitted to The Spooky Movie Film Festival since 2006. Once again author and comedian, John Dimes, is scheduled to host.
Monster Madhouse Live.
Premiering in August 2006, Monster Madhouse Live became the official successor of The Spooky Movie television show, providing local and national entertainment hosting public domain movies. Hosted by Karlos Borloff with a rotating cast of regulars (that occasionally included "Count Gore" and "Sarcofiguy"), in February 2008 the show was featured on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno and two months later received a Telly Award. A strong supporter of The Spooky Movie Film Festival, Monster Madhouse Live has featured films and filmmakers showcased at fest, including Lloyd Kaufman.
Count Gore De Vol.
Count Gore De Vol (Dick Dyszel) is a television horror host who originally appeared on Washington, DC's WDCA from 1973 to 1987. He was the internet's first Horror Host, debuting in 1998. Since 2006 he has been the official host for The Spooky Movie Film Festival. In 2008 he hosted four events for the festival.
Festival of Horrors.
A two volume DVD anthology featuring shorts that have screened at The Spooky Movie Film Festival. Hosted by Count Gore, and produced by Rudderpost Films, Festival of Horrors Volumes 1 and 2 include over two hours each of "award winning" short films, as well as special features, including interviews with Steve Niles and Forrest J. Ackerman, as well as out-takes and "easter eggs."

</doc>
<doc id="19423912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423912" title="Kall">
Kall

Kall or KALL may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19423915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423915" title="Damian Istria">
Damian Istria

Damian Istria (born 24 August 1982) is an Australian artistic gymnast who was commemorated on Australian postage stamps following his gold medal at the 2006 Commonwealth Games.
After his competitive gymnastics career he became an acrobat at Cirque du Soleil

</doc>
<doc id="19423918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423918" title="União Desportiva Internacional">
União Desportiva Internacional

Uniao Desportiva Internacional is a Guinea-Bissauan football club based in Uniao. They play in the 2 division in Guinean football, the Campeonato Nacional da Guine-Bissau.

</doc>
<doc id="19423920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423920" title="Constantino of Braganza">
Constantino of Braganza

Dom Constantino of Braganza (1528–1575) was a Portuguese statesman and military commander of the 16th century. He was a member of the Most Serene House of Braganza.
Biography.
He was the son of Dom James, 4th Duke of Braganza from his second marriage.
When he was 19 years old, he was appointed by King Dom John III of Portugal as his special ambassador to the baptism ceremony of King Henry II of France's son.
In 1558, he was appointed by the regent Dona Catherine of Habsburg (King Dom John III's widow) as the 20th Governor of Portuguese India, using also the title of 7th Viceroy. He left Lisbon on April 7, 1558, and arrived in Goa on September 3.
He was a remarkable organizer of the local State, and he conquered Daman, Ceylon (nowadays known as Sri Lanka) and the island of Manar.
A first expedition, led by Viceroy Dom Constantino de Bragança in 1560, failed to subdue Jaffna, but captured Mannar Island. By June 1619, despite sharp resistance from Cankili II of Jaffna, there were two Portuguese expeditions; a naval expedition that was repulsed by the Malabari corsairs and another expedition by Dom Phillippe de Oliveira and his land army of 5000, which defeated Cankili and conquered Jaffna, strengthening Portuguese control of shipping routes through the Palk Strait.
His government in India took three years and eight days, and during that period he made important reforms. He was considered by the historian C. R. Boxer one of the most fanatic Portuguese governors of India together with Dom Francisco Barreto (1555–1558).
He protected the poet Luis Vaz de Camões, during his stay in India.
He was later governor of Ribeira Grande, in the island of Santo Antão, Portuguese Cape Verde, from 1562.
Dom Constantino afterwards returned to the Kingdom. There he married his cousin, D. Maria de Melo, daughter of the 1st Marquess of Ferreira and 1st Count of Tentúgal, D. Rodrigo de Melo, and Dona Brites de Menezes (daughter of Dom Antão de Almada, 3rd Count of Avranches). The couple had no issue.

</doc>
<doc id="19423933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423933" title="Claudio Ramiadamanana">
Claudio Ramiadamanana

Claudio Ramiadamanana (born 22 October 1988) is a Malagasy footballer who currently plays for SO Romorantin of the Championnat de France amateur.
Career.
He left the Academie Ny Antsika in January 2008 and moved to Mueang Thong NongJork United in the Thailand Division 1 League, after 6 months left in July Thailand and moved to SO Romorantin in the France Championnat National.
International.
He played with Madagascar by the 2007 COSAFA Cup 

</doc>
<doc id="19423941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423941" title="Dennis Uphill">
Dennis Uphill

Dennis Uphill (11 August 1931 – 7 February 2007) was an English professional footballer who played for Tottenham Hotspur, Reading, Coventry City, Mansfield Town, Watford and Crystal Palace.
Football career.
Uphill signed as a professional for Spurs in September 1949 and made his Football League debut against Sunderland on 2 February 1950. He played a part in the push and run side of 1950–51 when he scored one goal and made two appearances in the position of inside forward. Uphill made a total of six appearances and scored twice between 1950–53. Signed by Reading in an exchange deal which involved Johnny Brooks in February 1953 he went on to make 92 appearances and netting 42 goals for the club. Uphill joined Coventry City in October 1955 where he completed 49 appearances and scoring on 16 occasions. In March 1957 he transferred to Mansfield Town where he featured in 83 games and found the net 38 times. Uphill went on to join Watford in June 1959 and played in 51 matches and scoring 30 goals. He finished his senior career at Crystal Palace in October 1960 where he played 63 games and scoring on 17 occasions.
After football.
After retiring from the game through injury, he gained a turf accountants licence and ran a bookmakers business in Watford, before owning a removals company. He retired from work in 1995, but stood as a Conservative candidate in the Watford local council election.

</doc>
<doc id="19423948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423948" title="Riga Vanderer">
Riga Vanderer

Riga Vanderer (sometimes written as Wanderer, in later years - Rīgas Vilki, also - RV) was a Latvian football club that was founded in 1927, disbanded in 1940, restored a year later and disbanded again in 1944.
History.
Founding.
The decision of founding the new sports club was made by Arthur William Macferson, the former consul general of United Kingdom in Latvia after a conflict of interests involving the Latvia national team sportsman in football and bandy Arvīds Jurgens. October 21, 1927 is considered to be the foundation date of the club. The newly founded sports club at first promised to work mostly in raising its own young footballers, however almost the entire first selection squad of Vanderer in the early years was made up by already known and experienced footballers from other Riga sports clubs. As the majority of the Vanderer footballers in its first squad came from RFK, there started a deep rivalry between these two clubs and several of their matches ended in violence.
The first match.
Riga Vanderer played its first ever game against Sport Tallinn on May 13, 1928. The following players represented Vander in its first ever official match: Arvīds Jurgens, Fēlikss Zandbergs, Ādolfs Sīmanis, Blūmentāls, Česlavs Stančiks, Harijs Fogelis, Aleksandrs Ābrams, Emīls Urbāns, Valdis Plade, Aleksejs Andrejevs and Veinbergs. The Tallinn club won with 3-0.
Road to the higher league.
As a new club despite it having several national team footballers in the squad Vanderers had to start from the very bottom - that is the level B Riga tournament. In the B class tournament there proved to be no competition for the experienced Vanderers team which won all 8 matches in 1928 A the B class champion Vanderers had to play against the weakest A class side - Amatieris which also was no competitor for Vanderers and was beat 7-1. A year later Vanderer (with two further former Rīgas FK footballers - Alfons Novickis and Vladimirs Svistuņenko in the squad) won the A class tournament and because the Latvian Higher League was extended, it earned a place there without additional play-off matches.
The higher league years.
There was no question whether Vanderer was ready to play in the higher league, as it had enough experienced footballers in the squad, however its top-flight début was even more impressive than most expected - Vanderer finished third in the league, mostly thanks to the tight defensive triangle - Jurgens, Sīmanis and Rūdolfs Kundrāts (the latter had joined Vanderer from LSB Riga). 
The 1931 season was less successful but in 1932 Vanderers got the closest to winning the gold of the Latvian league in its history. Despite having lost Arvīds Jurgens to its main rivals ASK Riga (but at the same time it had gained national team forward Alberts Šeibelis from RFK) that year Vanderers finished with the same amount of points as ASK. Therefore a golden match was necessary, and in it ASK proved to be the stronger side by winning 3-1.
Vanderer could not better its 1932 result over the years, yet it repeated the second place finish in 1934, but the margin between Vanderer and the title winners RFK was big. The next years showed a decline in the league performance for Vanderer that didn't earn any more league medals after 1934. The performance was much better in the cup tournaments. Vanderers reached its first Riga Football Cup final in 1933 where it was beaten by ASK Riga, but the next year it won its first cup and a second victory in the tournament came in 1936 when it was already renamed as the Latvian Cup. However the most important cup victory for Riga Vanderer is considered the one it achieved in 1938 when the Latvian Cup was already a very prestigious tournament in which participated all the best Latvian football clubs. In the autumn of 1938 the club changed its name from the foreign-sounding Vanderer to the Latvian Rīgas Vilki (Riga Wolves), in short - RV.
The main problem for RV for several years in the 1930s was lack of a reliable first choice goalkeeper after Jurgens had left it. Degners, Zakss, Strautmanis, Katlaps, Jūlijs Lindenbergs (a former national team goalkeeper) were tried but none of them proved to be good enough. That changed in 1936 when Jānis Bebris from Union Riga joined the club, thus filling the weakest position in the Vanderer squad. The best goalscorers for RV in the second half of the 1930s were Hugo Vītols and Alfrēds Verners, Hermanis Jēnihs and Alberts Šeibelis (the latter spent a couple years with V. Ķuze before it was disbanded. The most long-lasting member of Vanderer was Ādolfs Sīmanis who played for the club from its very first days until 1940.
Dissolution.
In 1940 after Latvia was annexed by the Soviet Union there were major changes in the sports club structure in Latvia and most of the former clubs were disbanded, and RV was one of those. Its footballers joined different newly founded clubs of the Soviet system: RDKA Riga (Jānis Bebris), FK Dinamo Riga (Ādolfs Sīmanis), Spartaks Rīga (Alberts Šeibelis), RGK Riga (Šeino). Meanwhile several other former RV footballers had repatriated to Germany in 1939, including former national team players Ēriks Brēde and Ēriks Bēze.
During WW2.
RV was restored in 1941 by the German occupation forces and in 1942 the club competed again in the Riga championship. The restored Vanderer squad contained most of its former stars including Bebris, Šeibelis, Juris Skadiņš and future Daugava Rīga coach Vadims Ulbergs. Only the top four teams from the Riga tournament qualified to play in the Latvian Higher League and RV was the first on the wrong side of the line. RV returned to the higher league in 1943 but it wasn't unable to compete with stronger sides any more. In 1944 when the war interrupted the football tournament RV was in the last place in the Latvian league.
When the Soviet army entered the territory of Latvia in 1944 RV was disbanded the second and final time.

</doc>
<doc id="19423963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423963" title="Cooperstown-Westville Airport">
Cooperstown-Westville Airport

Cooperstown-Westville Airport is a privately owned, public-use airport located four nautical miles (7 km) southeast of the central business district of Cooperstown, in Otsego County, New York, United States. This article does not refer to the Cooperstown airport with two paved strips 1.5 miles northwest of Cooperstown proper that closed in the 1960s. 
Facilities and aircraft.
Cooperstown-Westville Airport covers an area of at an elevation of 1,260 feet (384 m) above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 2/20 with a 2,337 by 125 ft (712 x 38 m) turf surface. 
For the 12-month period ending February 23, 2008, the airport had 11,470 aircraft operations, an average of 31 per day: 98% general aviation and 2% military. At that time there were 22 aircraft based at this airport: 95% single-engine and 5% multi-engine.

</doc>
<doc id="19423964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423964" title="Upper Wentworth Street (Hamilton, Ontario)">
Upper Wentworth Street (Hamilton, Ontario)

Upper Wentworth Street is an Upper City (mountain) arterial road in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. It starts off at Concession Street in the north and extends southward past Rymal Road. It is a two-way street throughout. As with most of the "Upper" streets, their addresses start at roughly the point where their lower counterpart finishes just below the Escarpment and were originally labelled without the "Upper" prefix.
History.
Named Upper Wentworth Street because it is in alignment with Wentworth Street in the Lower City Hamilton. Wentworth Street is named after Sir John Wentworth, lieutenant-governor of Nova Scotia, from 1792 to 1808.
Landmarks.
"Note: Listing of Landmarks from North to South."
Communities.
"Note: Listing of neighbourhoods from North to South." 
Roads that are parallel with Upper Wentworth Street.
"Note: Listing of Roads from West to East."
Roads that cross Upper Wentworth Street.
"Note #1: Listing of streets from North to South."
<br>"Note #2: Prior to the completion of the Lincoln M. Alexander Parkway in 1997, Upper James, Upper Wentworth & Upper Gage crossed Limeridge Road and today they no longer do. Sections of Limeridge Road were cut off and removed at the above 3 locations to make way for the Expressway's exit ramps. The Expressway is South of Limeridge Road and runs parallel with it.
External links.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19424000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424000" title="Tovohery Rabenandrasana">
Tovohery Rabenandrasana

Tovohery Rabenandrasana (born 12 November 1987) is a Malagasy footballer currently plays for Academie Ny Antsika, he played formerly on loan for AA Antsirabe.

</doc>
<doc id="19424005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424005" title="Wally Bullington">
Wally Bullington

Wallace "Wally" "Coach Bully" Bullington He served Abilene Christian University in Abilene, Texas for 39 years as football player, assistant football coach, head football coach and athletic director before he retired from the university's athletic staff in 1988, but not before leading the school to its first national championship in 1973.
Playing career.
As a player on the offensive line at Abilene Christian, Bullington was a four-year letterman and helped lead the Wildcats to the only perfect season in school history for the 1950 season with a record of 11-0. Bullington was named to the All-Texas Conference football team in 1950, 1951 and 1952 and was selected an All-American in 1952. He was selected to the ACU "team of the century" as both a player and coach.
Coaching career.
Bullington got started in coaching at Abilene High School from 1960 to 1965. While an assistant coach at Abilene High School, the Dallas Morning News named the squad the "Team of the Century" due to their 49-game winning streak.
Bullington was the tenth head football coach for the Abilene Christian University Wildcats located in Abilene, Texas and he held that position for nine seasons, from 1968 until 1976. His coaching record at Abilene Christian was 62 wins, 32 losses, and 2 ties. As of the conclusion of the 2007 season, this ranks him second at Abilene Christian in total wins and fifth at Abilene Christian in winning percentage (.656).
The 1973 season saw his team finish with 11 wins and one loss while winning the NAIA Division I National Championship by defeating Elon College by a score of 42-14. In 1976, his team won the San Juncito Shrine Bowl with a victory over Southwestern Oklahoma State by a score of 24-7.
While coaching at ACU, Bullington coached Ove Johansson who kicked a world-record 69 yard field goal on October 16, 1976 at the homecoming game against East Texas State (now Texas A&M-Commerce).
The Lone Star Conference inducted Bullington into its "Wall of Honor" in 1999 for his accomplishments as a player, coach, and administrator.
Return to athletics.
In 2002, Bullington came out of retirement to serve as the interim athletic director at Abilene Christian, a position he had previously held.

</doc>
<doc id="19424006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424006" title="John Gilmour of Craigmillar">
John Gilmour of Craigmillar

Sir John Gilmour of Craigmillar (1605 – 14 August 1671) was a Scottish judge, who served as Lord President of the Court of Session from 1661 to 1670. He was the son of John Gilmour, Writer to the Signet, and became an advocate on 12 December 1628.
In 1641 he was appointed by Parliament to act for the Royalist Earl of Montrose, who was charged with intrigues against the Marquis of Argyll. Gilmour subsequently became associated with the Royalist party, and following the Restoration of Charles II in 1660, he was appointed Lord President of the Court of Session by the King, on 13 February 1661. The Court of Session, the supreme civil court in Scotland, had not sat for the eleven years of the Interregnum, but resumed in June that year. The same year, Gilmour was appointed a privy counsellor, and was elected to the Parliament of Scotland, representing Edinburgh, and acting as a Lord of the Articles. Although a Royalist, he was a moderate. He sided with Lauderdale, the King's chief minister in Scotland, against the Earl of Middleton, who wished to reintroduce Episcopacy into Scotland. After the failed uprising of the Covenanters at Rullion Green in 1666, he refused to vote for the execution of the captured rebels.
In 1660, Gilmour purchased the adjacent estates of The Inch and Craigmillar, to the south-east of Edinburgh, and renovated part of Craigmillar Castle as his home. He resigned as Lord President on 22 December 1670, and died the following year. His son, Sir Alexander Gilmour of Craigmillar, was created a baronet in 1678.

</doc>
<doc id="19424021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424021" title="Levanger Hospital">
Levanger Hospital

Levanger Hospital () is a hospital located in the town of Levanger in the municipality of Levanger in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway. The hospital is located along the road Kirkegata on the west side of the town of Levanger. 
Along with Namsos Hospital, this is one of two hospitals in Nord-Trøndelag county. Both are managed by the Nord-Trøndelag Hospital Trust. Levanger Hospital generally serves the southern and central parts of the county.
History.
The decision to build the hospital was made in 1840, and it was opened in 1844. On 1 April 1844, Peter Wilhelm Kreidahl Dietrichson was appointed as the chief physician of the hospital. Former names for the hospital are "Nordre Trondhjems Amts Sygehus på Eidesøren" (North Trondheim county's hospital at Eidesøren) and "Innherred sykehus", the latter name was used until 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19424026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424026" title="Andoniaina Andriamalala">
Andoniaina Andriamalala

Andoniaina Andriamalala (born March 8, 1985) is a Malagasy footballer currently plays for Ajesaia.

</doc>
<doc id="19424031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424031" title="Musique du Bois">
Musique du Bois

Musique du Bois is a 1974 studio album by jazz musician Phil Woods. Originally released on the Muse Records, it has been multiply reissued on CD by 32 Jazz and Pony Canyon. Critically well-received, the album is regarded as among Woods' best, with particular attention paid to the original track "The Last Page" and the interpretation of "The Summer Knows".
Critical reception.
"Musique du Bois" has been critically well received, and it is regarded as among the best of Woods' releases. In "Profiles in Jazz", Raymond Horricks says of the album and Woods that "from first to last it provides a continuous example of the fertility of his imagination." The book "Jazz Matters", naming Woods as "one of the most impressive" of Charlie Parker's "disciples", says "owhere is he more impressive" than on this album, where he "soars over the perfect rhythm section...with a freedom that makes one wonder if this is what Parker would sound like today." Allmusic indicates that the album is "a widely acknowledged modern jazz masterpiece, a classic in the discography of Woods, easily amongst the best five recordings of his long and storied career".
Music.
Horricks indicates that "t doesn't matter how randomly one chooses an individual track... The fact remains that the buckets brought up from his private artesian well of the mind are in an inexhaustible chain." Nevertheless, Horricks focuses on the track "The Last Page", which he describes as "an unfolding "tour de force" of smooth wonder." National Public Radio singled out the "haunting" song "The Summer Knows", indicating that "Woods explores all of its melodic possibilities" with the help of Jaki Byard, "one of the most compelling and versatile pianists in jazz".

</doc>
<doc id="19424032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424032" title="God of Wine (song)">
God of Wine (song)

"God of Wine" is the fourteenth track from American rock band Third Eye Blind's self-titled, debut album.
Stephan Jenkins described the song as "The song...takes things from the cellular level, where it says, 'And soon cells give way.' And then also it says, 'Every glamorous sunrise throws the planets out of line.' The stars sent out of whack. The universe is expanding and it's crumbling. The universe is mortal. It's disappearing. Everything that we have, everything that we live in is pointless and crumbling. And some people are born with an innate understanding of that. They have this sort of life rage. And this is the melancholy that they find themselves in. It's a song about those people. And it's basically a story about how we turn back to the Irish theme. You turn to drink to escape that condition. In the end of this song, talking about the God of Wine, the Bacchanalian, even that lets you down."

</doc>
<doc id="19424042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424042" title="Eristalis horticola">
Eristalis horticola

Eristalis horticola is a European species of hoverfly. The name "horticola" is in some doubt and an ICZN decision is required.

</doc>
<doc id="19424044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424044" title="Launceston Football Club">
Launceston Football Club

The Launceston Football Club is an Australian rules football club, located in the West Tamar suburb of Riverside, seven kilometres north of the Launceston CBD and currently play in the Tasmanian State League in Tasmania, Australia.
Premierships.
NTFA premierships
NTFL premierships 
TFL Statewide/TSL premierships
Tasmanian State Premierships
Individual medal winners.
William Leitch Medal winners 
Tassie Medal winners 
Tasman Shields Trophy winners (NTFA) 
Hec Smith Memorial Medal winners 
Darrel Baldock Medal winners 
Competition leading goalkickers.
NTFA leading goalkickers 
NTFL leading goalkickers
TFL Statewide League/TSL leading goalkickers
Club records.
Club record score 
Most goals in a match 
Most goals in a season 
Club record goalkicker (all-time)
Club record games holder 
Club record match attendance

</doc>
<doc id="19424064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424064" title="Peoples Temple in San Francisco">
Peoples Temple in San Francisco

The Peoples Temple, the organization at the center of the Jonestown incident, was headquartered in San Francisco, California, from the early to mid-1970s until the Temple's move to Guyana.
While the Temple originated in Indiana in the 1950s, after leader Jim Jones predicted an apocalypse that would create a socialist Eden on earth, it moved to Redwood Valley, California in the late 1960s. Its headquarters later moved into San Francisco, where Jones remained until July 1977, when Jones fled with almost 1,000 Temple members to Jonestown, Guyana following investigations by local media.
Peoples Temple background.
The Peoples Temple was an organization founded in 1955 by Reverend James Warren Jones (Jim Jones) that, by the mid-1970s, possessed over a dozen locations in California, including in San Francisco and Los Angeles.
San Francisco start.
When the Peoples Temple expanded its operations into the Bay Area in the 1970s, its staff concentrated on advertising the Temple's bus caravans to attract new converts, including handing out free trinkets. While in 1972, the Temple was still calling its Redwood Valley facility the "mother church" of a statewide movement, moving the seat of power to an urban area seemed a strategic necessity. It had held services in San Francisco and Los Angeles since 1970.
In 1971, the Temple established a permanent facility in an old San Francisco building that used to be the Albert Pike Memorial Scottish Rite temple on 1859 Geary Boulevard in San Francisco's Western Addition, and followed in 1972 with a facility in Los Angeles. The Temple purchased the Geary Boulevard building for $122,500 in 1972. The San Francisco building was damaged in the 1989 earthquake and has since been demolished and the location turned into a post office. While the Los Angeles branch started with a larger mostly African-American membership, the Temple later enticed hundreds of devoted Los Angeles members to move north to San Francisco to attend that facility.
By August 1975, Jones had completely abandoned prior plans to make Redwood Valley an internal "promised land." The reversal of the direction of Temple efforts from rural areas back into urban areas, where it had focused when located in Indiana, was complete. San Francisco was a more realistic political fit and permitted the Temple to show its political stripes.
Problematic for the Temple was that Jones' "healing" ceremonies in San Francisco, as in all places, also drew some right-wing religious zealots less likely to join a socialist organization. Because of that and the Temple's constant fear of conspiracies attempting to destroy "the most promising hope for world socialism", new members were carefully screened. Entrants to the San Francisco facility were not permitted free access to the inner areas of the buildings. Rather, they were greeted by an amicable covert interrogation party that sized up visitors, with "suspicious" figures told to wait indefinitely in the lobby. The Temple assigned admitted attendees an "interpreter" of sorts to watch their reactions to the meetings and "explain" Jones' statements. If the attendee seemed non-objectionable, a five-week period of observation began, which usually involved sifting through the attendees' trash by the third or fourth week.
San Francisco Temple life.
In the mid-1970s, as the Temple shifted to cities, communes became an important means of tightening controls and improving finances. Temple members in San Francisco were urged to live a communal lifestyle. Members elevated to the Temple's central governing body, the Planning Commission, were expected to "go communal."
Members' children would also be raised "communally," often in other Temple communes or through guardianships. The money saved from communal living was to be donated to the Temple. The Temple stressed physical discipline, which involved repeated paddlings of children with a wooden paddle in front of Temple members. The practice later turned into disciplinary boxing matches, where the disciplined child was outmatched by one or more other members. Later, adult Temple members were involved in both paddlings and boxing matches.
The Planning Commission meetings would sometimes run all night in San Francisco. They often involved long "catharsis" sessions in which members would be called "on the floor" for emotional dissections, including why they were wearing nice clothes when others in the world were starving. Other members were expected to accuse those "on the floor" of various disallowed activities, while the Temple considered it improper for the accused to mount a defense.
The church converted some former real estate of its members into communal living units. The Temple possessed at least a dozen communes scattered throughout San Francisco's Fillmore district. Communal members' possessions were sold through two Temple antique stores and through weekend flea markets. Because of commune size constraints, Temple security chief Jim McElvane shot and buried communal members' pets in mass graves.
The Temple also asked adults to sign papers admitting various crimes and wrongdoings, including conspiring against the U.S. government, involvement in terrorist acts and molesting their own children. If such members attempted to leave the Temple, Jones threatened to release the statements.
Media alliances.
In 1972, Jim Jones first met Dr. Carlton Goodlett, publisher of the San Francisco newspaper, "The Sun Reporter", which was targeted towards African American readers. The two encountered each other at political rallies and Goodlett's medical practice. The Sun Reporter soon thereafter presented the Temple with a "Special Merit Award." Temple media advisor Michael Prokes, a former reporter for a CBS affiliate, dined with Sun Reporter editor Tom Fleming and spoke of harassment of the Temple by the CIA and FBI.
The Temple and Goodlett soon forged an alliance, with Goodlett permitting the Temple to print its "Peoples Forum" newspaper on the Sun Reporter's presses. The deal was profitable for the Sun-Reporter, and Jones and Goodlett entered another media venture to invest and reorganize the Journal and Guide Newspaper in Norfolk, Virginia. The Peoples Forum's first issue was published in 1973, with a large format issue first being published in 1976. While Jones hoped to build it into San Francisco's third largest daily paper behind the Chronicle and the Examiner and grossly exaggerated the circulation of the paper at "600,000", the paper did grow to a circulation of closer to 60,000, the average San Franciscan at the least saw copies of it amidst other litter in the streets throughout the city and it received considerable correspondence from readers.
Meanwhile, the Sun Reporter wrote articles praising Jones and the Temple. In 1975, Goodlett and Jones also both participated in a delegation of persons sympathetic to the role of Cuba and the Central American countries in the struggle for peace that traveled to Cuba. However, Jones called Goodlett a "Cadillac Communist" behind his back.
Jones also cultivated other media relationships. At the "San Francisco Chronicle", famed columnist Herb Caen was the Temple's most widely read media acquaintance, while City Editor Steven Gavin attended Temple services along with a Chronicle reporter. Several reporters at local newspapers and television stations also spoke favorably of the Temple. Caen included some of Temple member Michael Prokes' claims of orchestrated harassment by the CIA and FBI in his columns. Jones also won the National Newspaper Publishers Association Man of the Year Award, given by the Black Press of America.
The Temple carefully rehearsed any meetings Jones would have with reporters. It staged reporter visits to the Geary Boulevard facility, permitting reporters to see only specific parts of the building and stationing Temple members in places to compliment the reporter.
The Temple also had a weekly hourly radio show that ran in several cities, including KFAX in San Francisco.
Political beginnings.
Changing forces.
Several changes in San Francisco in the mid-1970s politically empowered local political organizations, like the Peoples Temple. The shift from citywide elections of county supervisors to district elections, as well as campaign spending limits and reporting requirements, bestowed unprecedented power on neighborhood groups and political organizations, like the Temple.
The Temple also distinguished itself from most cults with its overtly political message. It participated in political processes and formed political alliances, not just for the sake of expediency, but also out of genuine political sympathies. As the social direction of the Temple became more openly socialist, it depended more upon the political world. Jones made it known that he was interested in politics and former press secretary to Mayor George Moscone Corey Buscher stated that Jones "made his followers available to support progressive Democratic candidates," though earlier Jones had also supported at least some local Mendocino County Republicans. However, the Temple played a double game of working underground among progressive circles, assuming the political establishment consisted of "corrupt enemies", while working publicly in traditional channels to advance its own causes.
Buscher explained that, soon after the San Francisco office of the Temple opened, it "became common knowledge that if you were going to run for office in San Francisco, and your constituency included the black, the young or the poor, you'd better have Jones in your corner." The Temple had 3,000 registered members, though it regularly drew 3,000 members to its San Francisco services alone, whether or not these were registered members. Some more recent accounts state the effective membership numbered perhaps 8,000. Of particular interest to politicians was the Temple's ability to produce 2,000 people for work or attendance in San Francisco with only six hours notice.
Buscher stated that Jones offered thousands of "foot soldiers" willing to walk precincts and get out the vote, which was "an offer no politician in his right mind could refuse." Similarly, San Francisco Mayor Art Agnos stated that "If you were having a rally for a presidential candidate, you needed to fill up the crowd, you could always get busloads from Jim Jones' church." Agar Jaicks, who was chairman of the county Democratic Central Committee, the governing body of the Democratic Party in San Francisco, referred to the Temple as a "a ready-made volunteer workforce." Jaicks further explained that Jones was "a man who touched a component of the consensus power forces in the city, such as labor and ethnicity groups, and he was very strong in the Western Addition. So here was a guy who could provide workers for causes progressives cared about."
Introductions.
Former California State Assemblyman Willie Brown first met Jones at Bardellis in Union Square. Later, Jones sent Temple member Michael Prokes to Brown's office to interview Brown, future District Attorney Joseph Freitas and future Sheriff Richard Hongisto for a documentary the Temple was making called "Miracles."
Those political connections would help further Jones' political career. In 1975, Brown helped to bring together Mayor George Moscone and the Peoples Temple, which later led to Jones appointment as chairman of the San Francisco Housing Authority Commission.
Involvement in Moscone's 1975 mayoral race.
George Moscone faced a tough mayoral race against John Barbagelata. During the election, Moscone held a meeting with Jones and Peoples Temple member Michael Prokes requesting Temple volunteers for campaign work. Temple members also saturated San Francisco neighborhoods, distributing slate cards for Moscone, Joseph Freitas, who was running for district attorney and Richard Hongisto, who was running for Sheriff. The Temple worked to get out the vote in precincts where Moscone received a 12 to 1 vote margin over Barbagelata. All three won, with Moscone winning a close runoff by less than two percent of the vote. At the time of the election, a Moscone campaign aide stated "Everybody talks about the labor unions and their power, but Jones turns out the troops." 
After the election, Moscone and others believed that votes and campaign efforts by Temple members were instrumental in Moscone's close victory. A transcription of a phone conversation with Prokes one month later stated "Moscone acknowledges in essence that we won him the election" and that "he promises J. an appointment." Barbagelata and others suspected election fraud, including that from alleged voting by Temple members that were not San Francisco residents. He died in 1994 believing that Moscone's victory had been the work of Peoples Temple members bussed in from out of town.
After the tragedy at Jonestown, Temple members revealed to "The New York Times" that the Temple arranged for "busloads" of members to be bussed from Redwood Valley to San Francisco to vote in the election. A former Temple member stated that many of those members were not registered to vote in San Francisco, while another former member said "Jones swayed elections." Another former Temple member stated of Jones that "he told us how to vote." She stated that Temple members were required to produce booth stubs to prove that they voted, and members that could not produce such stubs were "pushed around, shoved and physically abused." When asked how Jones could know for whom they voted, the member responded "You don't understand, we wanted to do what he told us to."
San Francisco District Attorney Freitas set up a special unit to investigate election fraud charges. He named Temple member Timothy Stoen, whom he had hired as an assistant district attorney, to lead the unit. Stoen employed Temple members as volunteers to help with work on the investigation. The Temple was not mentioned in the proceedings that followed. After the tragedy, Stoen, who turned against the Temple in 1977, stated that he was not aware at the time of voter fraud but that it could have happened without his knowledge because "Jim Jones kept a lot of things from me."
Help with Milk's 1976 race for the California State Assembly.
Harvey Milk, who later became a member of the San Francisco Board of Supervisors, first became acquainted with the Temple while running for a seat in the California State Assembly against Art Agnos. Jim Jones initially telephoned a Milk campaign worker and stated that he wished to back Milk, apologized for earlier backing Agnos and said he would "make up for it" by sending volunteers to work on Milk's campaign. When told by friend Michael Wong of Jones' earlier backing of Agnos, Milk retorted "Well, fuck him. I'll take his workers, but that's the game Jim Jones plays." Temple member Sharon Amos organized the Temple's leafleting campaign for Milk. Amos requested the delivery of 30,000 pamphlets and Milk's campaign delivered them to the Temple.
Administration encounters.
After Jones' rise to political prominence in San Francisco, the Temple had a few meetings with members of the administration of President Jimmy Carter before the 1976 United States presidential campaign. During that campaign, Jones and George Moscone met privately with Vice Presidential candidate Walter Mondale on his campaign plane at San Francisco's airport. As soon as the encounter ended, Jones bandied it about to increase his standing with the Guyanese government, claiming he and Mondale engaged in private talks regarding outside attempts to destabilize Guyana.
Jones' biggest event that fall was when he and First Lady Rosalynn Carter also both spoke at the 1976 grand opening of the San Francisco Democratic Party Headquarters. Temple members packed the audience and Jones garnered louder applause when he spoke than Mrs. Carter. President Carter also sent a representative to a dinner at the Temple at which Jones and then Governor Jerry Brown spoke.
Mrs. Carter also met Jones for a private dinner at the Stanford Court Hotel. The Temple's "Peoples Forum" newspaper made much of the meeting, including photos of Jones and Carter together.
Mrs. Carter later called Jones personally, and Jones grossly exaggerated the "Peoples Forum" circulation on that call, claiming it was 600,000. Carter had no knowledge that the Temple was taping her conversation.
In March 1977, Jones also dined with Rosalynn Carter at the head table at the Democratic National Convention. They later exchanged letters. In a March 17, 1977, letter from Jones to Carter, Jones requested more aid for Cuba, then headed by Fidel Castro, whom Jones had earlier met with in Cuba. In a handwritten reply to Jones on White House stationery, Carter wrote "Your comments on Cuba have been helpful. I hope your suggestion can be acted on in the near future." Carter also wrote that "I enjoyed being with you during the campaign -- and do hope you can meet Ruth soon", referring to her sister-in-law, Ruth Carter Stapleton.
However brief their encounters, the Temple did receive some limited praise from administration members. In 1976, Walter Mondale stated regarding the Temple that "knowing the congregations deep involvement in the major social and constitutional issues of our country . . . is a great inspiration to me." Welfare Secretary Joseph Califano stated "your humanitarian principles and your interest in protecting individual liberty and freedom have made an outstanding contribution to furthering the cause of human dignity."
The San Francisco Housing Authority Commission.
In March 1976, Mayor Moscone appointed Jones to the Human Rights Commission. Without telling his aides, just minutes before being sworn in, Jones declined the appointment, feeling it was a lateral move since he had served on such a commission in Indiana in the 1960s. The aides of Moscone and Jones then scrambled to tell the media that Jones and Moscone were working on an alternative appointment.
Thereafter, Moscone appointed Jones as a member of the San Francisco Housing Authority Commission. After Jones' name appeared on the appointment list, the San Francisco Board of Supervisors requested that all potential appointees should receive background checks. Moscone then turned the matter over to a nominating committee that included Temple member Michael Prokes and Temple supporter Dr. Carlton Goodlett. The committee approved Jones' appointment. When potential resistance arose to Jones appointment, Willie Brown introduced legislation that would have stripped the Board of Supervisors of its power over the appointment. Wishing to maintain the status quo, the Board unanimously approved Jones' appointment.
After lobbying by Moscone's office, Jones was soon named Chairman of the Commission. At the time, Moscone stated that Jones was a "peacemaker . . . who had the ability to work with people." In July 1977, after investigations into the Temple had begun, Moscone defended the appointment stating Jones was "both sensitive and realistic. From everything I've seen, he's been a good chairman." 
Jones' most notable accomplishment on the Commission was to lead the fight for a period against the eviction by the Four Seas Corporation of impoverished residents of the famous International Hotel. With Jones as Chairman, the Housing Authority voted to acquire the building using $1.3 million in federal funds in order to transfer ownership to tenants rights groups. When a federal court rejected that plan and ordered evictions in January 1977, the Temple provided two thousand of the five thousand people that surrounded the building, barricaded the doors and chanted "No, no, no evictions!" Sheriff Richard Hongisto, a political ally of Jones, refused to execute the eviction order, which resulted in Hongisto being held in contempt and serving five days in his own jail.
Radicals.
Symbionese Liberation Army.
Jones empathized with inner city frustrations that nourished Bay Area guerrilla vanguards such as the Black Panthers, the New World Liberation Front, the Black Liberation Army (BLA) and the Venceremos, which spawned the Symbionese Liberation Army (SLA). In speeches at the Temple, Jones even took responsibility for the bombing of a Vietnam-bound munitions train in Roseville, California.
Jones expressed admiration for the SLA after it kidnapped Patricia Hearst and was involved in shootings, and the Temple distributed the Symbionese Declaration among its members. However, he attempted to convince law enforcement officials and the press that he opposed such violence by having members hand deliver a $2,000 check to the Hearst family mansion.
The police were not persuaded by Jones' efforts. A police intelligence unit interviewed a member that admitted that Jones advocated that the Temple overthrow the government and that, one year before the Hearst kidnapping, Jones stated that Randolph Hearst would be a target as he represented "capitalist society." A police report contained an analysis of press photos and determined that SLA leader Donald DeFreeze and SLA member Nancy Ling Perry attended various meetings at the Temple along with Hearst's boyfriend Stephen Weed. After learning of police suspicions, Temple attorney Timothy Stoen wrote police in an attempt to dissuade them of the notion that Jones was involved with the SLA. Attempting to address police fears of Temple violence, the letters also claimed that Temple member Chris Lewis, who was involved in a BLA related shooting, had agreed to leave San Francisco, though it did not mention that Lewis had been sent to Jonestown.
The Nation Of Islam.
Jones considered the Nation of Islam (NOI) to be sexist and racist, and feared that violence might flare up between the NOI and the Temple because of their close proximity in San Francisco's Western Addition. Jones inflamed tensions by claiming that the NOI was responsible for a fire at the Temple's San Francisco headquarters. After Temple member Al Mills was hassled for taking a photograph of NOI members, Jones sent burly African-American Temple security guards to a nearby mosque to issue a warning.
However, relations later improved. To heal the rift, the two organizations held a historic "Spiritual Jubilee" in the Los Angeles Convention Center in 1976. Thousands packed the Civic Center, with the Temple members in red and black intermixed with NOI members in white. Temple San Francisco supporters Angela Davis, Carlton Goodlett and Joseph Freitas traveled to the event, along with Temple supporter Lieutenant Governor Mervyn Dymally and Los Angeles mayor Tom Bradley.
As Jones took the podium, imposing Temple "Red Brigade" security guards stood shoulder-to-shoulder with NOI security in a half moon formation in front of the stage. After calming the cheering crowd, Jones stated "We are grateful for this symbolic merging of our two movements . . . If the Peoples Temple and the Nation of Islam can get together, anyone can . . . A few years ago, we couldn't even walk the streets because of tensions."
Angela Davis and the American Indian Movement.
Angela Davis was considered the Temple's favorite African American communist. The Temple participated in rallies on her behalf and she visited the Temple. Davis frequently chatted with Jones and top Temple aides in Jones' San Francisco Temple apartment. The relationship with Davis strengthened Jones' political credentials.
Jones cultivated an even closer relationship with American Indian Movement (AIM) co-founder Dennis Banks. The AIM received the Temple's largest donation, $19,500. The Temple bailed out Banks' wife, Ka-mook, from an Oregon jail and Banks spoke at the Temple. Banks' name would also later surface in the Temple's investigation of conspiracies surrounding Al and Jeannie Mills.
Defectors and Conspiracies.
Bob and Joyce.
Married Temple members Bob Houston and Joyce Shaw owned a house on Potrero Hill that was used as a Temple communal living facility. After Houston repeatedly questioned Jones about the details of socialist theory, Jones often branded Houston an "insensitive intellectual" and a "class enemy", and encouraged others to mock Houston.
Houston became involved in at least two of the Temple's "boxing matches" where he was pummeled for punishment. He suffered a bloody nose and was embarrassed in front of his family. Meanwhile, Joyce suffered stress from running the couple's commune and also from coordinating medical care for all San Francisco Temple members.
After some verbal abuse and frustration about the lack of freedom of speech at the Temple, in July 1976, Joyce defected from the Temple while most members were traveling on a cross country bus trip. Frightened of potential Temple search parties, Shaw lived on the Sonoma County fairgrounds with a friend for three weeks before leaving for Ohio.
On October 2, 1976, Joyce called Bob on a line recorded by the Temple and she invited Bob to leave the Temple and rekindle his relationship with her. On October 5, 1976, Bob Houston was found dead along the tracks at the Southern Pacific railroad yard.
Bob Houston was the son of Robert "Sammy" Houston, a popular photographer for the Associated Press. The death of Bob did not look like an accident, and Sammy was convinced the Temple was behind the death even though he was not aware of the taped telephone call of October 2. The Temple maintained that Bob coincidentally had resigned from the Temple on the morning of his death. Joyce saw the purported resignation letter, noticed it was typed and believed it to be a fabrication because Bob Houston had never typed letters. Temple members attended the funeral, and Joyce held her purse in such a manner as to convince Temple members that the purse contained a tape recorder so that they would not bother her.
The next day, when Joyce went to the Sutter Street commune to pick up Bob's belongings, Temple member Carolyn Layton told Joyce she should not attempt to gain custody of Bob's daughters, Judy and Patricia Houston, because of documents Bob and Joyce had signed claiming they had molested the girls. The Temple frequently required members to sign such documents.
Sammy Houston conveyed the information to several Associated Press reporters, including Tim Reiterman. Thereafter, letters from Judy and Patricia arrived at Sammy's house—from Jonestown.
The events ended up contributing to the Temple's final demise. Sammy Houston eventually communicated his story to a friend, Congressman Leo Ryan. The Houston story is what first interested Ryan about the Peoples Temple. Ryan later was the Congressman who led the final investigation into Jonestown in 1978 leading to its end that day.
The Stoens.
In 1972, Timothy Stoen's wife Grace gave birth to a son John. Two weeks later, Jim Jones secretly had Tim sign a document claiming that Tim had urged Jim to engage in sexual relations with Grace, the result of which was the conception of John.
Grace grew to dislike the Temple after, among other things, they raised John "communally" and she witnessed the assault of Temple members. Grace fled the San Francisco Temple in July 1976 with another Temple member to Lake Tahoe to avoid Temple search parties. The Temple moved John to Guyana. Several months later, at the urging of Jim Jones to avoid investigation during a possible custody dispute, Tim Stoen quit his job as Assistant District Attorney and moved to Guyana.
In June 1977, after tensions rose regarding Timothy Stoen, he quit his job as Assistant District Attorney under Joseph Freitas and disappeared from the Temple's Georgetown, Guyana headquarters. The Stoens' later opposition, including leadership in a group called the "Concerned Relatives", would become a significant reason for the investigation by Congressman Leo Ryan and the final demise of the Temple at Jonestown.
Unita Blackwell, the Mills and other conspiracies.
The Temple frequently saw itself as the target of conspiracies by government agencies and others, and included these conspiracies in its literature.
For example, in November 1976, Unita Blackwell, a Mississippi mayor and civil rights activist, spoke at the Geary Boulevard Temple about her trip to China with Shirley MacLaine. Two men caught eavesdropping at the front door quickly fled in a car. The Temple traced the rental car license plates to a government electronics expert. After a series of letters with Congressman Phillip Burton, the Air Force stated that the civilian was working for it but that he was off the day of the Blackwell speech. This event was added to the growing list of alleged conspiratorial actions against the Temple.
The Temple also saw conspiracies and intrigue surrounding former Temple members Elmer and Deanna Mertle, who had fled the Temple and changed their names to Al and Jeannie Mills. Jones, who sometimes claimed he saw himself as the reincarnation of Vladimir Lenin, prophetically told Jeannie before the Mills' defection that "Lenin died with a bullet in his body and so will I." As an offshoot of the Temple's "Diversions Committee", it formed a "Mertle Committee", which conducted activities such as breaking into the Mills' house, with the aid of Mills' daughter who was still a Temple member, to steal documents. The Mills eventually began to host meetings with other former Temple members, such as Timothy and Grace Stoen.
Meanwhile, the U.S. Customs Service had been investigating charges by over a dozen former Temple members that the Temple had illegally transported 170 guns to Jonestown in the false bottoms of crates. The Temple found out about the investigation when David Conn, a longtime friend of the Mills, tipped off Temple ally Dennis Banks by telling him that Banks would be better off regarding an upcoming extradition matter if he denounced the Temple because of the investigation. Thereafter, the Mertle Committee conducted operations such as searching Conn's garbage and breaking into the crawl space under Conn's house while making an anonymous threatening phone call to Conn's wife in order to listen to her response, which included mention of an "agent." The Temple wrote about the Conn and Banks meeting in its literature, calling the meeting a "blackmail attempt."
The Temple also claimed that the U.S. Postal service was tampering with its San Francisco facility mail, that "conspirators" were behind the death of alleged San Francisco Temple body guard Chris Lewis and that "reactionary forces were trying to destroy his image because he is the most persistent fighter for social justice."
Political Activities at the Temple.
While the Temple aided some local politicians, it did not do so entirely without suspicion. For example, Harvey Milk felt that Temple members were odd and dangerous. When a Milk aide became wary of the Temple's large and imposing security force following a delivery of election pamphlets, Milk cautioned the aide "Make sure you're always nice to the Peoples Temple. If they ask you to do something, do it, and then send them a note thanking them for asking you to do it. They're weird and they're dangerous, and you never want to be on their bad side." Jim Rivaldo, a political consultant and associate of Milk's said that, after later meetings at the Temple, he and Milk agreed that "there was something creepy about it."
However, many politicians spoke at the San Francisco Temple, including Milk, and Governor Jerry Brown. By mid-1977, Willie Brown had visited the Temple perhaps a dozen times, some by invitation and some on his own. Preliminary consideration was given by Governor Brown's administration to a statewide post for Jones before his flight to Guyana.
Willie Brown, Jerry Brown, George Moscone, Lieutenant Governor Mervyn Dymally, District Attorney Joseph Freitas and Republican State Senator Milton Marks, among others, attended a large testimonial dinner in Jim Jones' honor in September 1976. Willie Brown served as master of ceremonies and introduced Jones, stating "Let me present to you what you should see every day when you look in the mirror in the early morning hours ... Let me present to you a combination of Martin King, Angela Davis, Albert Einstein ... Chairman Mao." At another testimonial dinner, Brown introduced Jones, referring to him as "a young man came upon the scene, became an inspiration for a whole lot of people. He’s done fantastic things." Dymally stated that Jones was bringing together all ages and races and stated that "I am grateful he is showing an example not only in the U.S. but also in my former home territory, the Caribbean." At another testimonial dinner when Jones garnered huge applause from the thousands attending, Moscone stated "you know I’m smarter than to give a speech after listening to Reverend Jim Jones" and "there are two people I’m glad I’m not running against, Cecil Williams and Jim Jones".
Similarly, Milk was enthusiastically received at the Temple several times during his visits, and he always sent glowing thank-you notes to Jones after visits. Milk ally Richard Boyle recalls "Milk and I spoke at the temple to the cheers of thousands of Jones' followers and won their support." Following one visit, Milk wrote to Jones: "Rev Jim, It may take me many a day to come back down from the high that I reach today. I found something dear today. I found a sense of being that makes up for all the hours and energy placed in a fight. I found what you wanted me to find. I shall be back. For I can never leave." In a hand-written note, Milk wrote to Jones "my name is cut into stone in support of you - and your people." Jim Rivaldo, who attended Temple meetings with Milk, explained that, until Jonestown, the church "was a community of people who appeared to be looking out for each other, improving their lives." Boyle explained that it was vital for both his campaign and Milk's that they be received well at the Temple "because Jones was not only Moscone's appointed head of the Housing Authority but also could turn out an army of volunteers."
In an interview of Jim Jones by Willie Brown for a television show about the Peoples Temple, Brown stated "You've managed to make the many peoples associated with the Peoples Temple a part of a family. If you're in need of health care, you GET health care. If you're in need of legal assistance of some sort, you get that. If you're in need of transportation, you get that." On another occasion, Brown stated "San Francisco should have ten more Jim Joneses." Although Brown praised Jones, socialist Jones detested Brown for his sports cars, clothes and women. During one of Brown's addresses at the Temple, Jones sat behind Brown and flipped his middle finger into the air.
While the Temple received political guests, Jones used his relationship with Mayor Moscone to intimidate potentially disagreeable Temple members. For example, former Temple member Deborah Layton stated that her thoughts of running away were quashed by Jones' threats, including his statement: "Don't think you can get away with bad-mouthing this church. Mayor Moscone is my friend and he'll support my efforts to seek you out and destroy you."
Media investigation and exodus.
In 1976, despite the Temple's newly acquired political might and upgraded image, high visibility had heightened Jones' fears of government crackdowns and media scrutiny. In April 1976, "San Francisco Chronicle" reporter Julie Smith neared completion of an unfavorable story on the Temple. Through numerous phone calls, letters and badgering of newspaper personnel, Jones was able to prevent its publication.
In late 1976, Chronicle reporter Marshall Kilduff wished to do a story on the Temple, but he was reluctant after witnessing the Temple's treatment of Smith. Kilduff wondered how Jones had somehow learned the exact contents of Smith's article before it had come out.
When touring the Temple, Kilduff noticed, much to his surprise, that "Chronicle" city editor Steve Gavin and reporter Kay Butler were in attendance. The Temple's "Peoples Forum" newspaper chided Kilduff for not having a venue for his story and stated that he was "trying to convince different periodicals that a 'smear' of a liberal church that champions minorities and the poor would make 'good copy.'" Rather than dropping his story, Kilduff took the Story to "New West" Magazine. The Temple conducted a large letter writing and telephone campaign against New West magazine, including getting prominent allies to write and call the magazine, its advertisers and Rupert Murdoch, who owned the magazine. The magazine received fifty calls and seventy letters a day before the article was even published.
Worries about potential fallout from defecting member Grace Stoen, Joyce Shaw, Kilduff's then potential article and other controversies caused Jones to decide he wanted to begin moving the Temple to Jonestown, its agricultural project site in Guyana. Jones convened with top aides for four days to formulate a plan for exodus.
In its final form, Kilduff's article contained numerous allegations of fraud, assault and potential kidnapping. Just before its late July publication, Mayor Moscone urged an ally who was the chairman of the board of a large department store to call friends at the magazine to inquire about the contents of the article. Jones fled to Guyana the night that the contents of the article to be published were read to Jones over the phone.
The Immigration and Naturalization Service in San Francisco's Federal Building received a flood of perhaps five to six hundred nicely prepared requests for passports by July 1977. While Jones' exit was hasty, the exodus of most Temple members had been carefully prepared for several weeks.
San Francisco Supervisor Quentin Kopp immediately demanded that Mayor Moscone and District Attorney Joseph Freitas launch an investigation into the Temple's activities. Moscone's office issued a press release stating "The Mayor's Office does not and will not conduct any investigation" because the article was "a series of allegations with absolutely no hard evidence that the Rev. Jones has violated any laws, either local, state or federal."
After a six-week inquiry by the special unit formerly headed by Timothy Stoen into charges of homicide, arson, battery, extortion, kidnapping, illegal drug use and illegal diversion of welfare funds, District Attorney Freitas' office authored a report stating that the investigation turned up "no evidence of criminal wrongdoing", though it stated that the Temple's practices were at best "unsavory". Freitas did not publicly disclose his office's investigation or the report. Freitas had previously visited the Temple multiple times. Following the publication of media reports alleging criminal wrongdoing, Guyanese Minister of State Kit Nasciemento contacted Freitas and was told that the case against Jones was closed. It was not until after the tragedy at Jonestown that Freitas disclosed the investigation of the Temple.
After Jones.
A temple without a leader.
As the time after Jones' departure proceeded, the zealotry of the San Francisco staff turned to martyrdom. Friday and Sunday meetings were still held, but attendance dropped. With donations no longer rolling in, the Temple began to sell off its property. With shrinking personnel, the staff that remained became overworked. While the Geary Boulevard facility eventually became little more than a supply depot for Guyana, the Temple insisted in a press release that "we are not moving out of San Francisco or California", denouncing news reports of a permanent exodus as "biased and sensationalistic reporting."
San Francisco media, such as those at the Examiner, monitored communications that Jones made from Jonestown back to the temple via short wave radio. Much of them contained mundane requests interspersed with Jones' usual propaganda. Many in the San Francisco Temple feared that the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) would revoke the Temple's radio license, cutting its lifeline to Jonestown.
Complicating matters, Jones made impossible demands on the now skeletal staff, including writing 1,500 letters to the FCC and 1,500 to the IRS. Any members that were seen as wavering were sent to Jonestown. Meanwhile, former Bay Area Temple allies, such as Angela Davis and Huey Newton, broadcast live radio messages to the citizens of Jonestown during Jones' fiery "White Night" rallies, telling Temple members to hold strong against the "conspiracy."
The Temple hired Charles R. Garry to represent it in numerous lawsuits against the Temple and to draft Freedom Of Information Act requests. The Temple also hired noted JFK assassination conspiracy theorist Mark Lane, who gave press conferences at the San Francisco Temple.
In October 1978, a crippling blow occurred when San Francisco Temple leader Terry Buford defected, though she wrote a series of notes falsely claiming that she was going "under cover", as a "double agent" to infiltrate "Timothy Stoen's group." Buford had secretly gone to stay with Temple attorney Mark Lane, whom she had met during interactions in the San Francisco headquarters.
Waning political clout.
While most influential allies broke ties with the Temple following Jones' departure after increasing media scrutiny, some did not. For example, Willie Brown stated that the attacks were "a measure of the church’s effectiveness." San Francisco columnist Herb Caen wrote "Hot story, but where's the smoking gun?", concluding, "so far lots of smoke but no gun." The "Sun Reporter" also defended the Temple.
On July 31, 1977, just after Jones had fled to Guyana, the Temple conducted a rally against political opponents attended by Willie Brown, Harvey Milk and Art Agnos, among others. At that rally, Brown stated "When somebody like Jim Jones comes on the scene...and constantly stresses the need for freedom of speech and equal justice under law for all people, that absolutely scares the hell out of most everybody...I will be here when you are under attack, because what you are about is what the whole system ought to be about!" Brown also stated of Jones at the rally that "is a rare human being" and "he cares about people...Rev. Jim Jones is that person who can be helpful when all appears to be lost and hope is just about gone."
While Mayor George Moscone refused a request to launch his own inquiry, he was deeply disturbed by the allegations against the Temple, though he thought Jones would return from Guyana. However, on August 2, 1977, Jones dictated his resignation from Guyana via radio-telephone.
Harvey Milk remained popular among temple members. Two months before the tragedy Temple members sent over fifty letters of sympathy to Milk following the death of Milk's lover, Jack Lira. The letters were formulaic and one typical letter ended, "You have our deepest sympathy in your loss and we would be glad to have you with us Jonestown, even for only a short visit." Temple member Sharon Amos wrote "I had the opportunity in San Francisco when we were there to get to know you and thought very highly of your commitment to social actions and the betterment of your community." She also wrote "I hope you will be able to visit us here sometime in Jonestown. Believe it or not, it is a tremendously sophisticated community, though it is in a jungle." 
Milk spoke at a service at the Temple for the last time in October 1978. After Congressman Leo Ryan announced that he would investigate Jonestown following the November 1978 elections, Willie Brown was still planning a fund raising dinner for the Temple that was to be held on December 2, 1978.
San Francisco media and the Concerned Relatives.
In San Francisco, Jones suffered further damage from unfavorable media articles during his absence. Especially damaging was a February 18, 1978 article in the "San Francisco Examiner", following a telephone interview with Jones, detailing the custody fight over John Stoen and pressure for a Congressional investigation of Jonestown spearheaded by the leader of the Concerned Relative group, Timothy Stoen. The repercussions of the article were devastating for the Temple's reputation, and made most former supporters even more suspicious of the Temple's claim that it was being subjected to a "rightist vendetta." It also drew the interest of Congressman Leo Ryan, who had weeks earlier been lobbied by Stoen and wrote a letter on his behalf.
The next day, on Sunday February 19, 1978, Harvey Milk wrote a letter to President Jimmy Carter supporting Jones and making statements about Timothy and Grace Stoen. Milk wrote "Rev. Jones is widely known in the minority communities and elsewhere as a man of the highest character." Regarding the Stoens, Milk wrote "Timothy and Grace Stoen, the parties attempting to damage Rev. Jones reputation". Milk also wrote "t is outrageous that Timothy Stoen could even think of flaunting this situation in front of Congressman with apparent bold-faced lies." The letter ended with "Mr. President, the actions of Mr. Stoen need to be brought to a halt. It is offensive to most in the San Francisco community and all those who know Rev. Jones to see this kind of outrage taking place."
Jones also told the San Francisco Temple staff to prepare for a media blast. In order to attempt to combat the damage, the Temple sent to various newspapers the document signed by Stoen claiming that Jones was the father of the child in the custody dispute after Tim Stoen had allegedly directed Jones to engage in sexual relations with Grace Stoen. Herb Caen reprinted the document in his "San Francisco Chronicle" column.
After the incident.
On the evening of November 18, 1978 in Jonestown, Jones ordered his congregation to drink cyanide-laced Flavor Aid. In all, at Jonestown, a nearby airstrip and Georgetown, 918 people died, including over 270 children, resulting in the greatest single loss of American civilian life in a non-natural disaster until the incidents of September 11, 2001. Congressman Leo Ryan was among those killed at the airstrip.
Judy and Patty Houston, the girls about whom Carolyn Layton threatened Joyce Houston not to move for custody at the Sutter Street commune, were also found poisoned. John Stoen, the son of former Assistant District Attorney Timothy Stoen, was found poisoned in Jim Jones's cabin.
Sharon Amos, who had earlier led political pamphletting campaigns in San Francisco, murdered her children with a knife and committed suicide at the Temple's Georgetown, Guyana headquarters (150 miles from Jonestown) at the behest of Jones.
412 unclaimed victims are buried at Evergreen Cemetery, in Oakland, as many of the local members of the church had come from Oakland. A memorial plaque with the names of all victims was placed at the site in 2011, which controversially included the name of Jim Jones, the architect of the mass killing, who is not buried at the cemetery.
Temple and law enforcement.
Paralyzing fear initially gripped the Temple's enemies as press reports of Temple "hit squads" surfaced immediately after the tragedy. Public officials, reporters and former members were all among groups reportedly targeted by such squads. San Francisco elected officials, law enforcement and mental health professionals took steps to avert the spread of violence.
Ex-members immediately traveled to the Human Freedom Center in Berkeley, California to gather under police protection and await word of the list of survivors. On the afternoon of the attack at the Port Kaituma airstrip, before the news became public, the wife of Leo Ryan aide William Holsinger received three threatening phonecalls at the couple's San Francisco home. The caller allegedly stated, "Tell your husband that his meal ticket just had his brains blown out, and he better be careful." After Holsinger's family was initially evacuated to Palo Alto under police protection, the Holsingers then fled to Lake Tahoe and later to a ranch in Houston. They never returned to their home in San Francisco. None of the reported hit squads ever materialized.
After years of Jones' statements about ominous forces aligning against the Temple, members at the San Francisco Temple expected an immediate attack by government troops. They were so afraid of a "McCarthy era" backlash that they smuggled documents and records past police cars stationed outside the building and burned them in a massive bonfire on the beach.
Meanwhile the Geary Boulevard Temple building itself was besieged by national media—including national television, national magazines and newspaper—and angry relatives of victims furious at their deaths. The Temple was labeled "Cult of Death" in many sources, including the covers of Time and Newsweek magazine. Relatives of victims camped outside the Temple's chained fences for days screamed at members through the fence. The loyalists inside were as emotionally hurt as others—perhaps 100 to 200 would have themselves taken the poison had they been in Jonestown that day. They woke up not only without friends and relatives, but also without the figure at the center of their political and religious worldview.
State and local law enforcement and prosecutors finally investigated the Temple. While they felt that health and welfare officials did not properly investigate complaints against the Temple, they found no criminal wrongdoing by Tim Stoen or other former members.
Eleven years after the mass suicide at Jonestown, the building on Geary Boulevard sustained structural damage in the Loma Prieta earthquake. Since the owner was unwilling to reinforce the structure, the building was demolished, and the property remained undeveloped until the United States Postal Service opened a post office at the site in the late 1990s.
Michael Prokes.
Michael Prokes, who directed the Temple's relations with several San Francisco politicians and media, survived when he was ordered to deliver a suitcase containing Temple funds to be transferred to the Communist Party of the Soviet Union. He committed suicide in March 1979 at a press conference he called. In the days leading up to his death, Prokes sent notes to several people, together with a thirty-page statement he had written about Peoples Temple. Columnist Herb Caen reprinted one copy in his "San Francisco Chronicle" column.
Influential allies' reactions.
After the tragedy, Moscone initially defended his appointment of Jones, stating that, in 1975, Jones' reputation was that of a man who believed in social justice and racial equality, and that there was evidence that the Peoples Temple had initiated programs for drug and alcohol rehabilitation. When asked by a reporter whether he felt in any way culpable for the events, Moscone became angry at the reporter and stated "I'm not taking any responsibility, it's not mine to shoulder."
Milk stated that "Guyana was a great experiment that didn't work. I don't know, maybe it did." 
Because Milk and Moscone were both killed by Dan White nine days after the Jonestown tragedy and rumors persisted of purported Temple hit squads seeking to assassinate political figures, many in San Francisco initially believed that the murders of Moscone and Milk were connected to the Temple. No evidence exists that White acted at the behest of Jones or the Temple.
Unlike most other politicians, Willie Brown continued to praise Jones, feeling that attacks on Jones were effectively attacks on the black community. Brown initially stated he had "no regrets" over his past association the Temple and that he would not dissociate himself from it like other politicians. "They all like to say, 'Forgive me, I was wrong', but that's bulls—t. It doesn't mean a thing now, it just isn't relevant." Brown stated that his decision to speak at the Temple was "not a faulty decision at the time it was made, based on all the object factors at that time." Brown later said "If we knew then he was mad, clearly we wouldn't have appeared with him."
Civil rights activist Rev. Jesse Jackson, who had met with Jones on several occasions, refused to disparage Jones, stating that he still considered Jones to be a man that "worked for the people." Jackson also stated "I would hope that all of the good he did will not be discounted because of this tremendous tragedy." Jackson praised Moscone for "not going on a diatribe against the Peoples Temple" and "blowing the whole thing out of proportion."

</doc>
<doc id="19424072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424072" title="South Euclid-Lyndhurst City School District">
South Euclid-Lyndhurst City School District

South Euclid-Lyndhurst City School District is a school district of the Greater Cleveland area located in Cuyahoga County, Ohio, USA. The District is overseen by a Board of Education which consists of five elected members, advised by the Superintendent and Treasurer of the District. The Board sets the policy for the schools and ensures the implementation of that policy.
Former Schools.
Listed in order of closure, with date of final school year in parentheses. 
Performance.
For the school year 2007-08, the District was designated as "Effective". It met 20 of the 30 State indicators and achieved a Performance Index Score of 93.4, on a scale of 0-120.
For the school year 2010, the District was downgraded to the designation of "Continuous Improvement". It met 16 of the 26 State indicators and achieved a Performance Index Score of 92.3.
Funding.
The District's funding bonds, issued in 2006 and 2007, were given A1 ratings by Moody's Investor Services.

</doc>
<doc id="19424081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424081" title="Jimmy Radafison">
Jimmy Radafison

Jimmy Radafison (born March 15, 1980) is a Malagasy footballer currently plays for Saint Louis Suns United.

</doc>
<doc id="19424099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424099" title="USB flash drive security">
USB flash drive security

"Secure USB flash drives" protect the data stored on them from access by unauthorized users. USB flash drive products have been on the market since 2000, and their use is increasing exponentially. As both consumers and businesses have increased demand for these drives, manufacturers are producing faster devices with greater data storage.
An increasing number of portable devices are used in business, such as laptops, notebooks, universal serial bus (USB) flash drives, personal digital assistants (PDAs), advanced mobile phones and other mobile devices.
Companies in particular are at risk when sensitive data are stored on unsecured USB flash drives by employees who use the devices to transport data outside the office. The consequences of losing drives loaded with such information can be significant, and include the loss of customer data, financial information, business plans and other confidential information, with the associated risk of reputation damage.
Major dangers of USB drives.
USB flash drives pose two major challenges to information system security: data leakage owing to their small size and ubiquity; system compromise through infection from computer virus and other malicious software.
Data leakage.
The large storage capacity of USB flash drives relative to their small size and low cost means that using them for data storage without adequate operational and logical controls can pose a serious threat to information confidentiality, integrity, and availability. The following factors should be taken into consideration for securing USB drives assets:
The average cost of a data breach from any source (not necessarily a flash drive) ranges from less than $100,000 to about $2.5 million.
A SanDisk survey characterized the data corporate end users most frequently copy:
Examples of security breaches resulting from USB drives include:
Malware infections.
In the early days of computer viruses and malware the primary means of transmission and infection was the floppy disk. Today, USB flash drives perform the same data and software storage and transfer role as the floppy disk, often used for transferring files between computers which may be on different networks or in different offices, owned by different people; this has made USB flash drives a leading form of information system infection. When a piece of malware gets onto a USB flash drive it may infect the devices into which that drive is subsequently plugged.
The prevalence of malware infection by means of USB flash drive was documented in a 2011 Microsoft study analyzing data from more than 600 million systems worldwide in the first half of 2011. The study found that 26 percent of all malware infections of Windows system were due to USB flash drives exploiting the AutoRun feature in Microsoft Windows. That finding was in line with other statistics, such as the monthly reporting of most commonly detected malware by antivirus company ESET, which lists abuse of autorun.inf as first among the top ten threats in 2011.
The Windows autorun.inf file contains information on programs meant to run automatically when removable media (often USB flash drives and similar devices) are accessed by a Windows PC user. The default Autorun setting in Windows versions prior to Windows 7 will automatically run a program listed in the autorun.inf file when you access many kinds of removable media. Many types of malware copy themselves to removable storage devices: while this is not always the program’s primary distribution mechanism, malware authors often build in additional infection techniques.
Examples of malware spread by USB flash drives include:
Solutions.
Since the security of the physical drive cannot be guaranteed without compromising the benefits of portability, security measures are primarily devoted to making the data on a compromised drive inaccessible to unauthorized users and unauthorized processes, such as may be executed by malware. One common approach is to encrypt the data for storage, and routinely scan drives for malware with an antivirus program, although other methods are possible.
Software encryption.
Software solutions such as FreeOTFE and TrueCrypt allow the contents of a USB drive to be encrypted automatically and transparently. Also, Windows 7 Enterprise and Ultimate Editions and Windows Server 2008 R2 provide USB drive encryption using BitLocker to Go. The Apple Computer Mac OS X operating system has provided software for disc data encryption since Mac OS X Panther was issued in 2003 (see also: Disk Utility).
Additional software can be installed on an external USB drive to prevent access to files in case the drive becomes lost or stolen. Installing software on company computers may help track and minimize risk by recording the interactions between any USB drive and the computer and storing them in a centralized database.
Hardware encryption.
Some USB drives utilize hardware encryption in which microchips within the USB drive provide automatic and transparent encryption. Some manufacturers offer drives that require a pin code to be entered into a physical keypad on the device before allowing access to the drive. The cost of these USB drives can be significant but is starting to fall due to this type of USB drive gaining popularity.
Hardware systems may offer additional features, such as the ability to automatically overwrite the contents of the drive if the wrong password is entered more than a certain number of times. This type of functionality cannot be provided by a software system since the encrypted data can simply be copied from the drive. However, this form of hardware security can result in data loss if activated accidentally by legitimate users, and strong encryption algorithms essentially make such functionality redundant.
As the encryption keys used in hardware encryption are typically never stored in the computer's memory, "technically" hardware solutions are less subject to "cold boot" attacks than software-based systems. In reality however, "cold boot" attacks pose little (if any) threat, assuming basic, rudimentary, security precautions are taken with software-based systems.
Compromised systems.
The security of encrypted flash drives is constantly tested by individual hackers as well as professional security firms. At times (as in January 2010) data on flash drives that have been positioned as secure were found to have a bug that potentially could give access to data without knowledge of the correct password.
Flash drives that have been compromised (and fixed) include:
All of the above companies reacted immediately. Kingston offered replacement drives with a different security architecture. SanDisk, Verbatim, and Trek released patches.
Management.
In commercial environments, where most secure USB drives are used, a central management system may provide IT organizations with an additional level of IT asset control. This can include initial user deployment and ongoing management, password recovery, data backup, and termination of any issued secure USB drive. Such management systems are available as software as a service (where Internet connectivity is allowed) or as behind-the-firewall solutions.

</doc>
<doc id="19424132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424132" title="WTNE">
WTNE

WTNE may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19424152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424152" title="António Enes">
António Enes

António Enes may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19424158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424158" title="L'Orchestra di Piazza Vittorio">
L'Orchestra di Piazza Vittorio

L'Orchestra di Piazza Vittorio is a well-known Italian multi-ethnic orchestra that was created in Rome in 2002. It is also the subject of a 2006 film of the same name that was reviewed in the "New York Times".
History.
The Orchestra of Piazza Vittorio begins in the Esquilino neighborhood in Rome. This colorful and largely populated by immigrants area of Rome revolves around a square that is a hub for various cultures, sounds and musicians from all corners of the world: Piazza Vittorio Emanuele II, also known as Piazza Vittorio. This Piazza inspired musician Mario Tronco, of the Piccola Orchestra Avion Travel, and filmmaker Agostino Ferrente to reunite some of these extraordinary performers, each one unique in origin, instrument, and musical experience, in a group, or better an orchestra, that plays and reinvents music from all over the world with an energy that audiences take away with them after each concert.
The project was carried out through Apollo 11, a community organization founded in 2001 by Tronco, Ferrente, and other artists and volunteers with the goal of rescuing the Apollo, a vintage movie theater, from being turned into a bingo hall.
The documentary "L'Orchestra di Piazza Vittorio" (2006) by Agostino Ferrente tells the story of this very unusual musical ensemble. The movie has since been successfully screened at many international festivals, including the Locarno International Film Festival in Switzerland and the Tribeca Film Festival in New York. In Italy it is distributed by Luckyred, and has won several awards such as the Nastro d'Argento and the Globo D’Oro as best documentary, both in 2007. Netflix is the US distributor of the movie that has also been released in many other countries around the world. 
L’Orchestra di Piazza Vittorio has played over 300 concerts in the five continents, often after the screening of Ferrente’s movie, a format referred to as cineconcerto (film + concert).
The Orchestra has recorded 3 albums: the first (self-titled) has received the "German Record Critics' Award" in 2005 in the World Music section, and the last one, which is due out soon, is being co-produced by the legendary Bob Ezrin.
In the summer of 2009, l'Orchestra di Piazza Vittorio will tour Europe with their rendition of Mozart’s The Magic Flute, which will debut in Lyon.

</doc>
<doc id="19424179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424179" title="WTPR">
WTPR

WTPR may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19424197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424197" title="ISCOS">
ISCOS

The Istituto Sindacale per la Cooperazione allo Sviluppo ("ISCOS; The Trade Unions Institute for Development Co-operation") is an Italian NGO(Non-Governmental
Organisation) promoted in 1983 by CISL. The Institute is engaged in the international co-operation
programs that implement projects in the fields of human and worker rights and socio-economic
development. One of its main objectives is to promote solidarity among Italian workers and the
workers from Developing Countries, in order to achieve peace, democracy and the respect of human
rights.
The projects are implemented in some of the poorest countries in the world by ISCOS in partnership
with the local trade unions organisations, in order to avoid the negative impact of external models
on the local society.
Today ISCOS is engaged on two closely linked sides: the activities directly related to international
co-operation projects, and the campaign for increasing awareness, in Italy, on the importance of
international solidarity. This latter aspect is becoming more important every day since the number
of immigrants coming to Italy from developing countries is increasing.
ISCOS is deeply rooted in the Italian local communities, thanks to its structures: which are a
National Headquarters and Regional Committees.

</doc>
<doc id="19424213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424213" title="List of fictional conspiracy theorists">
List of fictional conspiracy theorists


</doc>
<doc id="19424215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424215" title="Mitterrand and the far right">
Mitterrand and the far right

François Mitterrand and the far right has been the theme of a number of books, films and television programmes since 1990, generating many column inches and much debate, not to mention rumours and gossip. Pierre Péan's book published in 1994 discusses in depth François Mitterrand's formative years in 1930s and 1940s. Other authors discuss 1980s rise in the Front national, and debate the possibility of Mitterrand deliberately dividing the right for political gain.
Les Volontaires Nationaux, la Cagoule and l'invasion métèque.
Many commentators and authors line up along party lines, and consensus in their views is difficult to achieve. It is, however, widely accepted in France that Mitterrand's actions during the period 1934 to 1945 are open to contradictory interpretations. An example of this is his membership of the "Volontaires Nationaux" (National Volunteers), an organization related to François de la Rocque's far right league, the "Croix de Feu", which lasted between one and three years depending on sources. On 1 February 1935, Mitterrand joined the Action française march, more commonly known as “l'invasion métèque”, to demonstrate against foreign doctors setting up in France with cries of “La France aux Français”. There are two photos which show Mitterrand facing a police line, published in "Les Camelots du Roi" by Maurice Pujo. Mitterrand admitted being there but denied taking part in the demonstration in a TV interview with Jean-Pierre Elkabach in September 1994. He is quoted as saying “Je n'y étais pas pour ça” ( “I was not there for that”) and, in France, there is some debate over the significance of his presence at the march.
Similarly, many young people, mostly students, lived at 104, rue de Vaugirard, Paris with the “pères maristes” and they all knew the leaders of La Cagoule (a right-wing terrorist organisation), Eugène Deloncle and Eugène Schueller, without overtly adhering to their cause. Pierre Guillain de Bénouville, Claude Roy (the writer), François Mitterrand and André Bettencourt all regularly visited the apartments in rue Zédé and rue Chernoviz where La Cagoule met. But this does not prove that Mitterrand was a member of la Cagoule. He did, however, he keep up relations and family ties with Eugène Deloncle.
During the winter of 1936, François Mitterrand took part in action against Gaston Jèze. Between January and March 1936, the nationalist right and l'Action française, campaigned for Gaston Jèze's resignation, because he acted as a counsellor for Haile Selassie I of Ethiopia, after he was driven from Addis Ababa by Mussolini's troops during the Second Italo-Abyssinian War.
Mitterrand in the Elkabach TV interview and also in his memoirs defends his actions in this period by saying they were typical of many apolitical inexperienced young men from provincial, middle class, Catholic families at this time, but at best his behavior seems to indicate an ambitious young man looking for action and making connections with little discernment and poor insight. At worst it sits very uncomfortably in the history of a high profile left-wing politician.
“Le vichysto-résistant”.
Mitterrand has been called “Le vichysto-résistant”, meaning that he was both part of the Vichy regime as a civil servant and an active member of the resistance during the period January 1942 to mid 1943. His actions during this period are hotly debated. His work in the Vichy regime was mostly of a civic and social nature in the department looking after the interests of French POWs. According to Franz-Olivier Giesbert "He came to Vichy to work: Colonel Le Corbeiller, a friend of his mother, found him a job. It was a short term contract with a salary of 2100 francs a month." Giesbert then goes on to say "Maurice Pinot, the head of department for the welfare of POWs, was a member of the resistance ... and the services of his department became subversive, helping prisoners escape from camps in Germany." However in January 1943, the department became overtly pro Nazi. The historian C. Lewin says "the attitude of those working in the POW department from the beginning was anti-German and therefore anti-collaborationist. The Vichy Regime, for the most part, were supportive of the department at first but the Regime's relationship with the occupying forces was ambiguous and slowly slipped into collaboration which forced those working in the POW department to be careful and distance themselves from the Regime. The actions of the POW dept remained civic, social, apolitical and 'wait and see' ". In January 1943 Maurice Pinot was replaced as head of the department so Mitterrand resigned, keeping his post as the head of the “centres d'entraides” for which he received the francisque gallique in march or April 1943 (the date differs given the sources).
For some, Pierre Péan's book shows Mitterrand was pro Pétain, for example in a letter written to his sister on 13 March 1942, he wrote " I saw 'le maréchal' at the theater ... his demeanour is magnificent, his face that of a marble statue" and Georges-Marc Benamou quotes Mitterrand as saying "Ah Vichy, Ah Pétain ... he was an old man, a bit out of touch but ... magnificent." Others, however, reading the same book interpret the facts differently, saying that Mitterrand was never pro Vichy, and was actively sending maps and other equipment to POW camps to help with escapes right from the beginning. Another letter quoted in the book, dated 22 avril 1942, shows he had doubts about Pierre Laval, and disliked the way the POW department was being reorganised. From mid 1943 his active membership of the resistance is not contested.
Le Maréchal Pétain.
The laying of flowers on Maréchal Philippe Pétain's tomb during the period 1984 to 1991 has caused much controversy. Under the presidency of Général de Gaulle Pétain's tomb was decorated with flowers in the president's name on 10 November 1968 for the 50th anniversary of the 1918 armistice and again in February 1973 (under Georges Pompidou), following attacks on the tomb at L'Île-d'Yeu and once more in 1978 (under Valéry Giscard d'Estaing), for the 60th anniversary of the victory in 1918.
During François Mitterrand's presidency, the grave was decorated with flowers 22 September 1984 (the day Mitterrand met Helmut Kohl at Verdun), then on 15 June 1986 (70th anniversary of the Battle for Verdun) and every 11 November from 1987 to 1992. This practice only stopped after numerous protests from the Jewish community.
According to Pierre Favier and Michel Martin-Roland, François Mitterrand saw himself as following his predecessors when in 1984, after shaking Helmut Kohl's hand, he laid a wreath on the tomb. They quote Mitterrand in the same book as saying that the wreath laying from 1987 onwards "n'était qu'une habitude prise par l'administration" ("was just a custom of (his) administration").
François Mitterrand like other apologists for Pétain say they are simply honouring the memory of the hero of Verdun and not the head of state from Vichy. Laurent Fabius, one of Mitterrand's Prime Ministers, remarked that when we judge a man we must do it on the basis of the whole of his life. Whilst the historian André Kaspi said "Pétain the collaborator of 1940 to 1944 could not have misled the French nor convinced a large number of them to follow him without the prestige of Pétain the hero of 1914-1918. One could not have existed without the other."
René Bousquet.
The most damming of all charges against Mitterrand and his right-wing connections is probably his long lasting friendship with René Bousquet, ex secrétaire général of the Vichy police. Charles de Gaulle said of Mitterrand and Bousquet "they are ghosts who come from the deepest depths of the collaboration."
Georges-Marc Benamou quotes Mitterrand as saying of Bousquet "his career shattered at the age of 35, it was dreadful... Bousquet suffered badly. Imagine the break, the career shot to pieces" which shows Mitterrand felt that Bousquet was undeservedly badly treated.
In 1974, René Bousquet gave financial help to François Mitterrand for his presidential campaign against Valéry Giscard d'Estaing. In an interview with Pierre Favier et Michel Martin-Roland Mitterrand claimed that he was not the only left wing politician to benefit from Bousquet's money, as René Bousquet helped finance all the principal left wing politicians from the 1950s to the beginning of the 1970s, including Pierre Mendès France.
Worse still, after Mitterrand's 1981 win, René Bousquet was received at the Élysée palace “to talk politics”. In an interview with Pascale Froment (René Bousquet's biographer) Mitterrand declared "I listened to him as a political commentator. He saw me as a continuation of his halted career." Only in 1986, when media criticism of Bousquet began to gain in volume, did Mitterrand stop seeing him and he did not comment on the matter until the 1994 interview with Jean-Pierre Elkabach.
Lionel Jospin commented that he was little impressed by the President's explanation saying "One would have liked a simpler and more transparent rise to power for the leader of the French left during the 70s and 80s. What I can't understand is the continuing relationship into the 80s with the likes of Bousquet who organized the mass arrests of Jews"
and Charles Fiterman also felt let down: "these revelations leave the uncomfortable impression of having been deceived by the man. 50 years later we see no trace of regret nor critical analysis, but a continuation of a compromising relationship which casts new light on events such as putting flowers on Pétain's tomb. This seems to show a continuity in the choices of a leader calling in favors from a network of friends."
Pierre Moscovici, commenting on Pierre Péan's book said " What shocked me is his rubbing shoulders with someone who was instrumental in state antisemitism and the 'final solution'. We can't tolerate such tolerance of evil, and for me René Bousquet was absolute evil" and the historian Pierre Miquel commenting on the TV interview said "the comments... of the President of the Republic are part of a discourse from the right... on the subject of the occupation" and he went on to ask "Where are the documents from the resistance which show why Bousquet should be rehabilitated and redecorated? It isn't easy for this generation to understand never mind us."
le Front national.
The journalist Franz-Olivier Giesbert reported on what he sees as a deliberate strategy to destabilize the right in the French parliament. In 1982 Mitterrand stated that he felt the French media gave unfair treatment to Jean-Marie Le Pen, the leader of the French National Front. He therefore told the Communications Minister to speak to the managers of the TV and Radio stations about the air time given to Le Pen. In February 1984, Giesbert reported that the Élysée Palace was 'putting pressure on' the main TV channels to give Le Pen air time on prime time political programs such as, "l'Heure de vérité", hosted by François-Henri de Virieu. The historian Anne-Marie Duranton-Crabol accepts that political tactics were part of Mitterrand's reasoning but stops short of accusing him of deliberate political manipulation masquerading as improving the democratic process.
Proportional representation was one of the "110 propositions pour la France" of the candidate François Mitterrand in the 1981 presidential elections. The decision to change the method of voting was only adopted in March 1985 the day after the left's disaster in the cantonal elections. It was adopted by the 'conseil des ministres' in April 1985, provoking the immediate resignation of government minister Michel Rocard. Franz-Olivier Giesbert explains this change as being against the parliamentary right rather than pro the FN. The changes in voting practices and the increase in the number of seats from 491 to 577 reduced the chances of the PS losing the majority in parliament.
In the elections on 16 March 1986 35 députés from the Front National were elected whilst the alliance of right-wing parties (RPR-UDF and others) only obtained 3 députés more than the absolute majority.

</doc>
<doc id="19424223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424223" title="Repeller">
Repeller

Repeller may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19424235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424235" title="WVKO">
WVKO

WVKO may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19424239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424239" title="Joshua Jefferis">
Joshua Jefferis

Joshua Jefferis (born 29 August 1985) is an Australian artistic gymnast. He was an Australian Institute of Sport scholarship holder. He has won medals at the 2006 and 2010 Commonwealth Games.
Personal.
Jefferis was born on 29 August 1985 in Brisbane, Queensland. He was educated at the Anglican Church Grammar School. Jefferis is tall and weighs . In November 2010, he completed a degree in Sports Science, and then enrolled in a program that will enable him to become a physiotherapist.
Artistic gymnastics.
Jefferis is a parallel bars and rings specialist, starting in the sport when he was only two years old. He was first coached by Anthony Beake at Y-West. 
In 1992 as a seven year old with Y-West, Jefferis became part of the Queensland HPC development program and stayed with the program for three years. From 1995 to 2005, he trained and was on scholarship with the Queensland Academy of Sport, before he earned a scholarship with the Australian Institute of Sport in 2005. Since 2005, he has been coached by Vladimir Vatkin. , he is still on scholarship at the Australian Institute of Sport.
Jefferis represented Australia at the 2002, 2006 and 2010 Commonwealth Games. At the 2006 Commonwealth Games, he earned a gold medal in the men's all around event, a gold medal in the rings, and a silver medal in the team competition. At the 2010 Commonwealth Games, he helped Australia win their first gold medal in the men's team event, and took an individual gold on the parallel bars and bronze in the all around event. He competed in the World Championships in 2003, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2010, and 2011. At the 2003 Championships, he was the youngest member of the Australian all around team. His best performance at Worlds was twelfth place in the all around competition in 2006.
In January 2012, Jefferis was passed over by Gymnastics Australia to participate at a London Olympic Games test event. However, after Sam Offord injured his ankle, he beat out training partner and national team teammate Thomas Pichler for a spot on the team. Jefferis represented Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics in men's artistic gymnastics. He was officially selected on 1 June 2012, one of the first to be named to Australia's gymnastic squad, and was Australia's only male artistic gymnast at the Games. Jefferis was twenty-six years old when he made his Olympic debut. His family faced difficulty getting tickets to watch him compete, as Gymnastics Australia was only able to secure two tickets per gymnast at the Games.

</doc>
<doc id="19424242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424242" title="Jennings Carnegie Public Library">
Jennings Carnegie Public Library

The Jennings Carnegie Public Library in Jennings, Louisiana was built in 1908. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
It is operated by the City of Jennings.

</doc>
<doc id="19424275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424275" title="WWEO">
WWEO

WWEO may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19424330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424330" title="List of fictional double agents">
List of fictional double agents

Double agents have appeared many times in fiction. This list also includes reverse agents, triple agents, quadruple agents.

</doc>
<doc id="19424338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424338" title="Mike Zadick">
Mike Zadick

Michael Najeeb Zadick (born on July 12, 1978 in Great Falls, Montana) is a male freestyle wrestler from USA. He participated in Men's freestyle 60 kg at the 2008 Summer Olympics. He lost in the quarterfinals to Vasyl Fedoryshyn and in the repechage (wrestleback) round he fell to Bazar Bazarguruev.
International wrestling career.
Mike Zadick won a silver medal at 2006 FILA Wrestling World Championships in Guangzhou, China, defeating two-time Olympic champion Mavlet Batirov in the semi-final. He is a two-time champion at 60 kg at the Dave Schultz Memorial International Championship (2006 and 2010). In 2007, Zadick failed to place at the 2007 FILA Wrestling World Championships in Baku, Azerbaijan. He was the silver medalist at the 2007 Pan American Games in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
As a youth wrestler, Zadick had national success competing in USA Wrestling age-group events in both freestyle and Greco-Roman styles. He placed fourth in the 1994 Cadet World Championships in Greco-Roman, and was the 1996 Junior Nationals champion in both freestyle and Greco-Roman. In 1997, he was Junior Nationals runner-up in freestyle and Junior Nationals champion in Greco-Roman. He was named Outstanding Wrestler at the 1997 Junior Nationals.
College wrestling career.
Zadick was a three-time all-American wrestler (2000–02) at the University of Iowa, winning the 149-pound Big Ten Conference title in 2002. He finished seventh in the 2000 and 2002 NCAA Tournaments, and third in the 2001 NCAA Tournament.
He earned a bachelor's degree from Iowa in 2002 in Health, Leisure, and Sport Studies.
High school wrestling career.
Zadick wrestled at Great Falls High School. He is one of only 17 wrestlers in Montana to win four state championships, which he accomplished in four different weight classes: 103 pounds (1994), 119 pounds (1995), 125 pounds (1996) and 135 pounds (1997). Three of his state championships (1995–97) capped undefeated seasons.
Zadick holds Montana state high school wrestling records for most career wins (153) and consecutive wins (122). He is third on the state record list for most falls (101). He was named an ASICS Tiger High School First-Team All-American in 1997.
Coaching career.
Zadick is in his seventh season coaching under University of Iowa head coach Tom Brands. He has served four years as the team's volunteer assistant coach (2005–06, 2009), and previously served as the Hawkeyes' strength training coach for three seasons (2006–08). During his tenure, Iowa has won two NCAA national championships (2008–09), and two Big Ten Conference team titles (2008–09). The Hawkeyes have crowned three NCAA champions, four Big Ten champions, 24 all-Americans and 28 academic all-Big Ten honorees.
Personal information.
Mike and his older brother, Bill Zadick, are part of the University of Iowa's tradition of brothers competing for the Hawkeyes. Bill was the 2006 World Champion at 145.5 pounds (66 kg) and a two-time all-American for the Hawkeyes, winning a Big Ten and NCAA title at 142 pounds in 1996. Bill also served as Iowa's volunteer assistant coach for the 2003 and 2004 seasons.

</doc>
<doc id="19424349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424349" title="WYGL">
WYGL

WYGL may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19424357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424357" title="Boyan Vodenitcharov">
Boyan Vodenitcharov

Boyan Vodenitcharov (born 1960) is a Bulgarian pianist and composer.
While a student in Sofia's State Conservatory (where he was later a teacher) he won the 1982 National Composition Competition, and was awarded 3rd prizes in the XXXIII Concorso Busoni and the X Queen Elisabeth competition. After finishing his studies he began an international concert career. 
In 1991 Vodenitcharov settled in Belgium. He is a teacher at Brussels' Koninklijk Conservatorium.
References.
Les Amis de l'Académie de Musique de Mont-sur-Marchienne

</doc>
<doc id="19424373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424373" title="Epidendrum denticulatum">
Epidendrum denticulatum

Epidendrum denticulatum, one of the crucifix orchids, is a reed stemmed species which, at least in herbarium specimens, is frequently confused with "E. secundum" Jacq.
Like "E. secundum", the flowers of "E. denticulatum" are non-resupinate and are born in a congested raceme at the end of a long spike. Like all crucifix orchids, the lip is adnate to the column and bears three lobes, producing the effect of a cross.
Occurrence.
"Epidendrum denticulatum" is grows in tropical dry forests of the Serra do Mar in Brazil, extending from the coastal states of Rio Grande do Sul, to Pernambuco, as well as in the forests of Minas Gerais, at altitudes ranging from 0.5 to 1.4 km. The plant grows both terrestrially and epiphytically. It is most commonly found living among low bushes and at the edge of roads, occasionally forming large tussocks that can measure more than 5 m2.
Although there are several references stating that E. denticulatum grows at low altitudes near the sea shore these may be the result of confusing E. denticulatum with other members of the Schistochila Carinata subsection of "Epidendrum", such as "E. cinnabarinum", "E. fulgens", and "E. puniceoluteum".
Description.
This sympodial reed-stemmed Epidendrum displays a pseudomonopodial habit: an individual stem (to 4 mm in diameter) will grow continuously at the tip for some time, before producing a bloom spike. Nevertheless, the flowers come from the top of the stem (halting its upward growth), and new stems start from buds at the base of the old stems, thus making the plant sympodial, like the rest of the subtribe Laeliinae. Less than ideal lighting will encourage the formation of numerous keikis producing a tangled mass of shoots and roots high up the plant. However, full sunlight will cause most growths to start near the base of old growths, leading to a shorter and "tidier" plant.
The long, thin (3 mm or less thick) roots of E. denticulatum are covered with spongy velamen, and extend through the air into the ground.
The alternate, coriaceous leaves measure up to 9 cm long and 2 cm wide.
The inflorescence is a terminal raceme, filling a globular space that can measure more than 30 cm and can inclulde up to a hundred flowers, with some ten to thirty open simultaneously. A single inflorescence can remain in bloom for up to a year. The flowers may be white, cream, yellow, or orange, but are more commonly lavender. Each flower measures about 2 cm in diameter. The two petals and three sepals are similar and oval, measuring about 11 mm long by 5 mm wide, each of these perianth segment separated from the next by an angle close to 60°. As in all "Epidendrum" flowers, the lip is adnate to the column to the end. As in the other members of the section "E". sect. "Schistochila", the lip is divided into three lobes. This species is named for the tooth-like serrated margins of the three labial lobes.
The chromosome number of "Epidendrum denticulatum" has been determined to be 2n = 40.
Distinguishing characteristics.
Perhaps the most noticeable difference between "E. denticulatum" and "E. secundum" is the callus: "E. denticulatum" has two small calli near the column and a long keel beginning between them; "E. secundum" has a single, much larger callus positioned in front of the column.
To assist in distinguishing herbarium specimens, Pinheiro and Barros (2007) undertook a statistical examination of flowers growing under cultivation in São Paulo, Brazil. They found that "E. denticulatum" had a column length of 7–8 mm, and a labellum with a width of 11.7–13.4mm, a lateral lobe length of 4.9–5.7 mm (measured from the edge of the callus to the end of the lateral lobe), and a central lobe length of 2.2–3.2 mm (from the point where the lateral and central lobes meet), as opposed to "E. secundum", which had a column length of 4.7–6.2 mm, and a lip with a width of 8.6–7.2 mm, a lateral lobe length of 2.5–3.8 mm, and a central lobe length of 3–4 mm.
According to Almeida & Figueiredo (2003), "E. denticulatum" Jacq. produces nectar "on the petioles of buds, flowers, and fruits," but not on the flowers. According to Pansarin & Amaral (2008), "E. secundum" has a nectary at the back of the tube formed by the flower lip and column.
"E. denticulatum" is distinguishable from the very similar but resupinate-flowered "E. ibaguense" and "E. radicans" by its non-resupinate flowers.
History.
"E. denticulatum" was described by John Barbosa Rodrigues in 1881 from a plant with lavender flowers and white and yellow calli found blooming in the month of March on a tree in the forest near Joinville, Santa Catarina.

</doc>
<doc id="19424445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424445" title="Israel in the Eurovision Song Contest 1992">
Israel in the Eurovision Song Contest 1992

Israel entered the Eurovision Song Contest 1992 with the song "Ze Rak Sport" by Dafna Dekel after she won the Israeli national final.
Kdam Eurovision 1992.
This Israeli broadcaster, IBA, held a national final to select the Israeli entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 1992, held in Malmö, Sweden. The contest was held at the IBA TV Studios in Jerusalem, hosted by Roni Yoval and Noam Aviram. 12 songs competed, with the winner being decided through the votes of 7 regional juries.
The winner was Dafna Dekel with the song "Ze Rak Sport", composed by Kobi Oshrat and Ehud Manor.
At Eurovision.
Dekel performed 3rd on the night of the final, following Belgium and preceding Turkey. She received 85 points, placing 6th in a field of 23.
See also.
Eddie Grimberg
Sunlight Orchestra - Eddie Grimberg

</doc>
<doc id="19424447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424447" title="Mixed Grand Lodge of France">
Mixed Grand Lodge of France

The Mixed Grand Lodge of France is a "Masonic" clandestine lodge in France, made up of men and women. It formed in 1982, with the support of the Grand Orient de France (another well-known clandestine lodge), by splitting from the Universal Mixed Grand Lodge (which had itself split from "Le Droit Humain").

</doc>
<doc id="19424462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424462" title="Illinois Reports">
Illinois Reports

Illinois Reports is the official reporter of the Illinois Supreme Court. It is published by Thomson Reuters, under contract with the Illinois Supreme Court Reporter of Decisions. The Illinois Supreme Court retains the copyright.
For purposes of citation, "Illinois Reports" and "Illinois Reports Second" are abbreviated "Ill." and "Ill. 2d"; although, the oldest volumes are abbreviated "Breeze", "Gilm.", and "Scam.", for "Breeze's Illinois Reports", "Gilman's Illinois Reports", and "Scammon's Illinois Reports".
The publication is separate from "Illinois Decisions"--a popular unofficial reporter also published by Thomson Reuters--that contains additional materials, such as the West Key Number System.

</doc>
<doc id="19424478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424478" title="List of comics characters which originated in other media">
List of comics characters which originated in other media

This list is for original fictional characters created for adaptations of comic books in other forms of media (television series, films, books, games and advertising).
It includes characters like Firestar and X-23 that were later incorporated into mainstream comics. The category does not include preexisting characters from fiction (books, film, television, etc.) such as Dracula, Conan or Rima that were later incorporated into comics. Characters unique to certain movies and television programs such as Rachel Dawes and Max Shreck are not included on this list because they do not have counterparts in any mainstream comic book.
DC Comics:
Marvel Comics:
Other publishers:

</doc>
<doc id="19424486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424486" title="Universal Mixed Grand Lodge">
Universal Mixed Grand Lodge

The Universal Mixed Grand Lodge ("Grande Loge mixte "or "GLMU") is a French Masonic jurisdiction, formed by a split in the French federation of "Le Droit Humain" by those who felt that this jurisdiction's Supreme Council was too important in the jurisdiction's functioning (though the first attempts at its creation date back to 1913, with the creation of a Symbolic Mixed Grand Lodge that also felt this).

</doc>
<doc id="19424501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424501" title="Upper Sherman Avenue (Hamilton, Ontario)">
Upper Sherman Avenue (Hamilton, Ontario)

Upper Sherman Avenue is an Upper City (mountain) arterial road in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. It starts off north of Concession Street at "Mountain Park Avenue" and extends southward where it ends at Rymal Road. It is a two-way street throughout. As with most of the "Upper" streets, their addresses start at roughly the point where their lower counterpart finishes just below the Escarpment and were originally labelled without the "Upper" prefix.
History.
Named Upper Sherman Avenue because it is in alignment with Sherman Avenue in the Lower City Hamilton. Sherman Avenue originally was called "Shearman Avenue" which was named after the first land assessor of the district, nothing more is known of Shearman who remains a man of mystery in Hamilton's history books. Later the name was changed from Shearman to Sherman Avenue in honour of brothers Clifton Sherman, (1872-1955) and Frank Sherman, (1887-1967), who both founded "Dominion Foundries and Steel" (later called Dofasco) in 1912, creating a giant that would bring prosperity and identity to the city.
Landmarks.
"Note: Listing of Landmarks from North to South."
Communities.
"Note: Listing of neighbourhoods from North to South." 
Roads that are parallel with Upper Sherman Avenue.
"Note: Listing of Roads from West to East."
Roads that cross Upper Sherman Avenue.
"Note #1: Listing of streets from North to South."
External links.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19424516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424516" title="SocialVibe">
SocialVibe

SocialVibe is a digital ad company.
SocialVibe is based in Los Angeles, Calif. with offices in New York, Chicago, Atlanta and London. The company is backed by Redpoint Ventures, Norwest Venture Partners, Jafco Ventures, and Pinnacle Ventures. SocialVibe was founded in 2007 by entrepreneurs Joe Marchese, Brandon Mills and David Levy.
Engagement Advertising.
SocialVibe has powered major ad campaigns for brands such as Microsoft, Visa, Apple, Disney, Coca Cola, Kia, Kraft, Macys, Nestle, Procter & Gamble and Discover. The ad company, which includes owned-and-operated charity site Give.SocialVibe.com, powers social media engagements that offer incentives for users to interact with brand messaging in a unique value exchange.
Awards & Recognition.
In August 2010, Forbes recognized SocialVibe's engagement for Microsoft Bing on Zynga's FarmVille as one of the "Best-Ever Social Media Campaigns." The campaign garnered over 425,000 fans for Bing in less than one day, and 70% of the fans visited the search engine in the following month. The campaign was also won an OMMA Award for Online Advertising Creativity in the social media category in September 2010.
Funding.
SocialVibe received $4.2 million in Series A funding led by Redpoint Ventures in December 2007. It was launched in February 2008 in public beta, and, as of October 19, 2009, its members have raised a total of more than $700,000 for their respective charities. On August 25, 2008, SocialVibe formed a partnership with Interpublic, one of its largest liaisons to date.
In January 2009, JAFCO Ventures led an initiative along with Redpoint Ventures to raise the total amount invested in the company to $12 million, as the company shifts to a revenue sharing model with the charities it represents (all of the money raised on SocialVibe formerly went to the charity itself)
In March 2011, SocialVibe closed a $20 million round of funding lead by Norwest Venture Partners.

</doc>
<doc id="19424555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424555" title="Iain Lobban">
Iain Lobban

Sir Iain Robert Lobban, (born 1960) is a British civil servant. He has been the Director of the Government Communications Headquarters (GCHQ), the British signals intelligence agency, since 2008.
Education and career.
Born in Nigeria, Lobban graduated from the University of Leeds with a Bachelor of Arts in languages. He joined GCHQ in 1983 and undertook a variety of roles before joining the GCHQ Board in 2001. He was a participant of the Cabinet Office's Top Management Programme that year. He has also completed the Higher Command and Staff Course at the Ministry of Defence's staff college at Shrivenham. Whilst on the Board he was responsible for moving the operations of GCHQ into its new base at The Doughnut at Benhall, Gloucestershire. Before being appointed Director, Lobban was Director-General (Operations); having taken up this post in early 2004. He became Director in July 2008, succeeding Sir David Pepper.
Lobban spoke of his regret over the treatment of cryptographer Alan Turing in October 2012. Turing, who committed suicide after being convicted of homosexuality, was described by Lobban as a "national asset" and said that more people like Turing were needed to face contemporary information security threats.
In November 2013 in the wake of the global surveillance disclosures by the former American National Security Agency (NSA) contractor Edward Snowden, Lobban and the other heads of the British intelligence agencies, Andrew Parker of MI5, and John Sawers of MI6 appeared before the Joint Intelligence Committee. During his questioning by the committee Lobban said that "I do not look at the surrounding hay" referring to the metadata collected by GCHQ. Lobban said that the disclosures had been discussed by terrorist groups in the Middle East and Afghanistan. The effect of Snowden's revelations would make GCHQ's task "...far, far harder in the future". Snowden's extensive disclosures revealed details of GCHQ's recent activities and capabilities, including the Tempora electronic surveillance program, GCHQ's tapping of international fiber-optic communications, and the NSA's payment to GCHQ over £100 Million between 2009 and 2012.
It was announced in January 2014 that Lobban would stand down as GCHQ director before the end of the year. Lobban's American equivalents, the head of the National Security Agency, General Keith B. Alexander, and his deputy, John C. Inglis, are also standing down from their posts in 2014. He was appointed Companion of the Order of the Bath (CB) in the 2006 New Year Honours for services to national security and Knight Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George (KCMG) in the 2013 New Year Honours for services to national security.
Lobban is a supporter of Everton F. C., and counts cricket, photography, travel and bird watching among his hobbies.

</doc>
<doc id="19424595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424595" title="Vincent Obsitnik">
Vincent Obsitnik

Vincent Obsitnik (born 1938) was sworn-in as Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Slovak Republic on November 9, 2007 and served in this role until January 20, 2009. Prior to his current appointment, Ambassador Obsitnik was appointed in 2006 by President George W. Bush to the U.S. Presidential Delegation to the Commemoration of the 65th Anniversary of the Tragedy in Babyn Yar in Ukraine. In 2005, he was appointed by President George W. Bush to the U.S. Presidential Delegation for the Austrian State Treaty Anniversary. In October 2001, he was appointed by President George W. Bush to the U.S. Commission for the Preservation of America's Heritage Abroad and served as a member of the Commission until July 2006. The purpose of the Commission is to be concerned about the cultural heritage of Americans from Central and Eastern Europe. Ambassador Obsitnik worked to bring international attention to the plight of the 17th and 18th century Greek Catholic wooden churches of Slovakia and, through his leadership, two of the most endangered churches have been restored.
Ambassador Obsitnik has had corporate executive careers with the IBM, Unisys and Litton Corporations. At Unisys Corporation, as President of the Systems Development Division, he led a $600 million business with 3000 employees marketing and developing advanced electronic and computing systems. At Litton Corporation, he was Vice President, International and directed business expansion into the European and Latin American markets. In 27 years at the IBM Corporation, his responsibilities spanned the areas of Marketing, Sales, Manufacturing, Engineering and Program Management. He spent 8 years with the IBM World Trade Corporation with manufacturing responsibilities in Europe, Latin America and Asia. In Latin America, he had overall responsibility for the management of manufacturing plants in Brazil, Argentina and Mexico. In Asia, he was responsible for manufacturing logistics of all IBM operations. Following these careers, Ambassador Obsitnik started and became President of International Investments Inc., a consulting company, working in the areas of joint ventures, technology licensing and privatization projects between the U.S. and Central Europe.
Born in 1938 in Moravany, Slovakia, he immigrated with his parents that same year, prior to the occupation of Czechoslovakia by Nazi Germany. His father worked as a coal miner in Pennsylvania, after which the family moved to New Jersey, where he grew up. Upon graduating from Linden High School, in Linden, NJ, he received an appointment to the U.S. Naval Academy and graduated with the Class of 1959. He then served the next five years as an officer in the U.S. Navy, in destroyers and submarines.
Ambassador Obsitnik graduated from the U.S. Naval Academy in 1959 with honors. He received his MBA in Finance from The American University in Washington, D.C. He has also attended the IBM Advanced Management School, Sands Point, Long Island, NY; the IBM International Management School in La Hulpe, Belgium; and the Unisys Executive Program at The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA.
Ambassador Obsitnik is fluent in the Slovak language and has an understanding of Russian. He is a marathon runner and plays tennis and squash. He is married to the former Annemarie Harden. They have four sons and twelve grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="19424597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424597" title="Wigmore Hall Live">
Wigmore Hall Live

In October 2005, the Wigmore Hall, London, UK, became the first concert hall to launch its own record label: Wigmore Hall Live, building upon the venue's existing reputation as a recital hall established early in the 20th century. One of the aims was to bring the musical programme to a wider audience. In the 2011 Gramophone Awards, Wigmore Hall Live won the special award: Label of the Year.
Before launching the label, state-of-the-art recording equipment and comprehensive sound insulation had to be installed. These improvements led to the Soile Isokoski disc (recorded live in 2006) receiving a Gramophone Award nomination.
Since 2005, the label has gone on to release discs featuring artists such as Dame Felicity Lott, Imogen Cooper, Christine Brewer, Trevor Pinnock, Jonathan Biss, the Gould Piano Trio, the Doric, Arditti and Kopelman string quartets, the Nash Ensemble, the Academy of Ancient Music and the Early Opera Company. Gramophone Award nominations have been linked to Wigmore Hall Live recordings by the late Lorraine Hunt-Lieberson, and Roger Vignoles, Soile Isokoski and Marita Viitasalo, Peter Schreier and Andras Schiff, and Gerald Finley and Julius Drake. The Elias String Quartet CD of Mendelssohn, Mozart and Schubert won a Newcomer Award in the BBC Music Magazine Awards 2010. Wigmore Hall Live discs have been reviewed in The Times and The Guardian, as well as on BBC radio.

</doc>
<doc id="19424598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424598" title="Paris France (novel)">
Paris France (novel)

Paris France is a memoir written by Gertrude Stein and published in 1940 on the day that Paris fell to Germany during World War II. The book blends Stein's childhood memories with a commentary on French people and culture.
Plot summary.
Paris France is a memoir written in a “stream of consciousness” style. It is interpreted as Gertrude Stein’s personal view of France as a country, and the French people. She observes the French eating, drinking, crossing the street, and carrying out their day in no other way that deviates from their "french-ness". The word "French" quickly becomes a state of being or state of existence. A noun and an adjective.
Throughout the novel, the idea of being French in France is communicated to the reader in a raw, confident, matter of fact way. Because of this, some critics believe the novel was not meant to be written as a completely accurate view of the French culture. Stein refers often to fashion, autonomy, logic, tradition and civilization as crucial parts of the French state of being, any straying of which would be straying from being French, regardless of actual nationality.
Stein places the state of France within the context of past wars and the possible impending war and the war’s effect on the “Frenchness” of the French, as well as the ideal/real French reaction to war. Stein nonchalantly recalls anecdotes she deems relevant to the topic at hand, each bringing reference to other anecdotal stories having a purpose and place within the progression of the novel. Stein freely follows the tangents of thoughts and life stories (or stories from others’ lives) but always returns to the driving purpose of the novel, identifying the French qualities and paying homage to England and France.
Literary style.
Among her meditations on French character and “civilisation,”
Gertrude Stein’s Paris France (1940) includes a quick dismissal
of the “sur-realist crowd”:
That was really the trouble with the sur-realist crowd, they missed
their moment of becoming civilized, they used their revolt, not
as a private but as a public thing, they wanted publicity not
civilisation, and so really they never succeeded in being peaceful
and exciting.
Gertrude Stein is considered to be an avant-garde of surrealism, so this statement may seem contradictory. But Stein employs two literary styles in order to make this claim and stay within the sur-realist crowd.
This first style, surrealism, is a style of art and literature developed principally in the 20th century, stressing the subconscious or nonrational significance of imagery arrived at by automatism or the exploitation of chance effects, unexpected juxtapositions, etc.
The second style is where Stein detracts from surrealism for a while to raise her opinions. This “Steinianism” is like surrealism in that it embraces the role in creating literary history, but instead of obsessing over revolt and originality it is concerned with the ideal of “civilization.”
Both of these styles enable Stein to maintain a surrealist backdrop while still voicing her own ideals.
Themes.
Logic.
Logic in the novel is mostly based on Stein's interpretation from her own experiences in Paris, France. She also uses points of view from her maid, and her general acquaintances. Much of France's wartime history is also used in describing her reasons behind life in Paris.
Becoming Civilized.
Gertrude Stein references in the book a process in order for the French people to assimilate into the French culture, or in her terms, to become "civilised". The novel parallels the life of a human to the temperament of a century. At first a century goes through its childhood years. During this time a century is hopeful and calm. Then come the turbulent adolescent years. It experiences war, and is unsure of its direction. A century then becomes civilized, and settles down.
Relationship to Stein's personal life.
The novel is entirely connected to Stein's personal life. She begins the novel with her earliest memories of Paris and anything French she experienced throughout her childhood in San Francisco. She lived in Paris, France her entire adult life and it is quite obvious that she is deeply connected to the city, country and entire culture. She has made several stereotypes about the French culture that may have helped aided with her obsession with France.
There are constant statements about how the French are logical and fashionable while also saying that they are civilized and everything is exciting and calm. The war is a significant part of her life in France; there are constant references to it throughout the book. At one point she refers to war 14 times in four pages. The book does not make it quite clear what time during the war she is talking about, because the book was published in 1940 and the war made official in France in 1940 but Poland was invaded in 1939. It is clear that the war had a great impact on her life, but with only a year in between the invasion of Poland and publishing of the book there is no real way to determine what parts of it she is referring to.

</doc>
<doc id="19424603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424603" title="Sándor Falvai">
Sándor Falvai

Sándor Falvai (born in Ózd, 1949) is a Hungarian pianist.
Falvai graduated in 1972 at the Ferenc Liszt Academy of Music, where he was appointed a teacher after spending a year at the Moscow Conservatory. He has performed and recorded internationally, and served as soloist for the Budapest Symphony Orchestra in concert tours.

</doc>
<doc id="19424606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424606" title="Human trophy taking in Mesoamerica">
Human trophy taking in Mesoamerica

Most of the ancient civilizations of Mesoamerica such as the Olmec, Maya, Mixtec, Zapotec and Aztec cultures practised some kind of taking of human trophies during warfare. Captives taken during war would often be taken to their captors' city-states where they would be ritually tortured and sacrificed. These practices are documented by a rich material of iconographic and archaeological evidence from across Mesoamerica.
In ancient Maya culture.
Evidence of the ritualistic sacrifice and taking human body parts as trophies in Maya civilization exists from as far back as the Middle Formative period (800 – 500 BC). The evidence consists of skeletal remains and depictions in Maya iconography, commonly showing acts of human sacrifice. Excavations at the non-Maya site of Teotihuacan have unearthed the remains of hundreds of bodies that are thought to represent a mass sacrifice at the Temple of the Feathered Serpent. At the Temple of the Moon, another excavation site, there were a number of decapitated remains found along with numerous bound bodies of headless males. Given these two examples of mass sacrificial sites, there is no reason why this couldn't have taken place in Maya society.
With that in mind, there are other possible explanations that are commonly used among the Maya. It is not unreasonable to think that some of these sites are examples of ancestral veneration. This was a selective social practice in which ancestors were considered a 
subset of all the deceased and were the ones who validated political power, status and access to resources. There is also proof that the mortuary practices of the region were varied and once thought to be evidence of human sacrifice. They were commonly found in locations of tomb reuse and secondary burial practice.
It is believed for the most part, that the soldiers didn’t patrol in large armies; rather there were many smaller groups or raiding parties. Most of these battles were driven by the desire for domination and the intention to intimidate other cities. During this time it was not uncommon that the victors of a battle would take captives back to their cities and use them for ritual sacrifice. In some instances they would bind or hinder the captive so that he could not fairly compete in a winner-take-all ballcourt match. Herein, the loser would be beheaded and the victor would, in certain situations, keep his head as a trophy and confirm victory in order to establish his city's dominance.
In the Popul Vuh, the vision of human sacrifice and decapitation is abundantly clear and emphasized. However, in instances of decapitation, the sacrifice was intended to signify rebirth and creation. This theme is confirmed when the Hero Twins played the Lords of Death in a ball game match and ended up tricking the Lords of Death into decapitating themselves. With the Lords of Death out of the picture, the Hero Twins were able to resurrect their father, the Maize God. This shows the significance of sacrifice and decapitation in warfare as a means to reenact rebirth, in the Popul Vuh.
Maya art.
Maya art and iconography is a major source to anthropologists knowledge and beliefs about the culture and history of the Maya. For instance, at the site of Bonampak, photographer Giles Healy discovered exquisite murals showing a battle and its aftermath, including the torture of captives. Other examples of Maya art depicting sacrifice and torture include: carved stone stelae, altars, and panels. There is evidence that this type of art was recorded on wood and other perishable media, but they have eroded with time.
Iconographic depictions of trophy heads tend to show the heads being suspended in mid-air, held by the hair, or even upside down. In addition they depict blood or possibly other fluids flowing from the neck, eyes or mouth. Holding a head by the hair is seen as a sign of disrespect. In Maya iconography, these heads are usually fastened upright with the eyes opened and are worn on a belt that is positioned on the small of the wearers back. The actual act of decapitation in the iconography is rare, but does appear from time to time. The most common place to see the decapitation of human heads being worn or presented as trophy heads are on painted cylinder vases of the Late Classic period and usually involve the Hero Twins or some type of Creation myth.
Archaeological examples.
In the South West of Mexico.
In Oaxaca there are various pre-Columbian figures in which high-ranking characters, warriors and ball players wear ritual and military paraphernalia, holding inverted heads with their loose, long hair hanging down. One of these figures can be seen in the National Museum of the American Indian in Washington. Javier Urcid writes that these trophies may have been "soft parts of decapitated heads turned into relics to hang" There are also several figures showing characters with facial skin on their face: the skin of a flayed human. Urcid’s article in "El Sacrificio Humano en la Tradición Religiosa Mesoamericana" includes eight illustrations of these trophies in the southern west of Mexico, including a brazier depicting a ball player with a flayed facial mask, wearing a necklace of human bones and carrying a severed head.
The "Relación Geográfica" of 1580 mentions the festivity of the tlacaxipehualiztli in the context of human skin as trophies in Oaxaca: "... and with rods they hit throughout the body until it swelled, and then flayed the bodies and washed the meat with hot water and ate it, and carried the skins in the nearby villages for begging." 
Los Mangales (Early Preclassic).
Los Mangales lies within the Salama Valley in the Northern Highlands of Guatemala. It has been estimated that this site was active from approximately 1000-400 BC and was the site of vast, elaborate burials. Three principal mounds entail the main composition of the site, (Str. D6-1) containing varied amounts of adult male crania that have been interpreted as trophy heads or possibly dismembered sacrificial retainers. In addition to the three principle burial mounds, there were multiple burial sites. In particular at burial site 6, there was conclusive evidence of human sacrifice, where were located at least 12 dismembered victims and three possible trophy heads. The heads were found lying inside the crypt with specific individuals. A common trend at this site is that the victims found outside the formal crypt were lying in the prone position (their wrists and ankles were bound tightly together and that they were faced down) and the individuals that were inside the crypt were in the supine position (face up and unbound). However, finding a body in the prone position does not necessarily mean that the individual was a victim of sacrifice. It is believed that finding isolated crania were seen as early evidence of trophy taking in the Maya region.
Chalchuapa (Preclassic).
Evidence of sacrifice and trophy taking was found at an evacuation site in El Chalchuapa, El Salvador. The remains of 33 individuals were found and had appeared to have been victims of ritual sacrifice that had spanned five different episodes of construction to the structure. Many of the individuals were found to be male and most were lying in the prone position. Of the individuals found it was noted that they were represented as crania and were determined to have been trophy heads. The others had a range of signs of mutilation, including: one individual was missing his/her head, two were cut in half at the waist, one individual was missing his/her legs and another was missing his/her feet. Given the age of the individuals, the absence of grave goods, the positions and placement of the bodies, the lack of grave preparation and the evidence for dismemberment, this site seems to show that these individuals were war captives and then used in a form of ritualistic sacrifice.
Cuello, Belize ( Late Preclassic).
Cuello is a site that provides several examples of decapitation, dismemberment, and sacrifice of young to middle-aged males at public events. Here we see evidence of the sacrifice of children, one of whom appeared to have been decapitated demonstrating the incidence of decapitated individuals in common grounds and public structures. In most mass burials there seem to be primary individuals in the center, surrounded by the remains of others.
Colha, Belize (Terminal Classic).
In Colha, Belize, archaeologists discovered a large pit next to a stairway near the center of a monumental structure (operation 2010). This "Skull Pit" contained the heads of around 30 individuals. Ten of these were children ranging in age from 6 months to 6 or 7 years old. The remaining 20 individuals were adults. There were cut marks on the crania and the remains were burnt, and the age grouping and the location of the pit has led to multiple conclusions on the reasons behind these sacrifices. One theory is that they were sacrificed as a part of a religious ceremony. Other hypotheses are that the victims were political prisoners treated with ritual violence or that they were ancestors of an elite lineage that was violently deposed.
Teotihuacan (Feathered Serpent Pyramid).
At this excavation site in Mexico, archaeologists found roughly 72 males. Due to the evidence surrounding them they were determined to be soldiers. The individuals were placed in a series of highly structured graves that were below, and just outside, the pyramid. From the other evidence unearthed, it was found that each individual had between 7 and 11 human maxillae, or human jaw bones, in his possession. These maxillae were mostly worn around the arm, generally on the biceps of soldiers. This was seen as a testament of strength and power that proved that these individuals had been in multiple battles or campaigns. Along with the maxillae, the men had necklaces made of teeth, obsidian projectile points and slate disks located behind their lower back, which were commonly found on Teotihuacan military figures. This led the excavators to believe that these soldiers were of an elite class of warrior, and not just some semi-organized militia.
Along with the remains of apparent soldiers, there were also remains found of other males with rich offerings that would suggest they were members of higher social status. This evidence proved that even at an early stage of Teotihuacan’s existence there was large scale human sacrifice as well as warfare-related symbolism.

</doc>
<doc id="19424609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424609" title="Turkey in the Eurovision Song Contest 1992">
Turkey in the Eurovision Song Contest 1992

Turkey entered the Eurovision Song Contest 1992 with the song "Yaz bitti" by Aylin Vatankoş after it won the Turkish national final.
National final.
The Turkish broadcaster, Türkiye Radyo ve Televizyon Kurumu (TRT), held a national final to select the Turkish representative for the Eurovision Song Contest 1992, held in Malmö, Sweden. The contest was held at the TRT TV studios in Ankara on 21 March, hosted by Nevin Agiç and Bülend Özveren. Thirteen songs competed in the contest, with the winner being selected through the votes of 8 regional juries.
The winner was Aylin Vatankoş with the song "Yaz Bitti" which was composed by Aldoğan Şimşekyay and Aylin Uçanlar.
At Eurovision.
Vatankoş performed 4th on the night of the contest, following Israel and preceding Greece. "Yaz Bitti" came 19th in the contest with 17 points, 8 points from Malta, 3 points from Ireland and 6 points from Yugoslavia.

</doc>
<doc id="19424645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424645" title="Canoeing at the 1972 Summer Olympics – Women's K-2 500 metres">
Canoeing at the 1972 Summer Olympics – Women's K-2 500 metres

The women's K-2 500 metres event was a pairs kayaking event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1972 Summer Olympics program.
Results.
Heats.
The 12 crews first raced in two heats on September 5. The top three finishers from each of the heats advanced directly to the final; the remaining six teams were relegated to the semifinal.
Semifinal.
The top three finishers in the semifinal (raced on September 8) advanced to the final.
Final.
The final was held on September 9. 

</doc>
<doc id="19424660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424660" title="Organizational patterns">
Organizational patterns

Organizational patterns are structures of relationship, usually in a professional organization, that help the organization achieve its goals.
The patterns are usually inspired by analyzing multiple professional organizations and finding common structures in their social networks.]] and support corporate memory of reorganizations and process changes.
They are often used as the foundation of project retrospectives.
Organizational patterns are inspired in large part by the principles of the software pattern community, that in turn takes it cues from Christopher Alexander's work on patterns of the built world.
Organizational patterns also have roots in Kroeber's classic anthropological texts on the patterns that underlie culture and society.
They in turn have provided inspiration for the Agile software development movement,
and for the creation of parts of Scrum and of Extreme Programming in particular.
History.
An early explicit citation to patterns of social structure can be found in the anthropological literature.
Patterns are those arrangements or systems of internal relationship which give to any culture its coherence or plan, and keep it from being a mere accumulation of random bits.
They are therefore of primary importance.
Kroeber speaks of "universal patterns" that describe some overall scheme common to all human culture; of "systemic patterns" are broad but normative forms relating to beliefs, behaviors, signs, and economics; and "total culture patterns" that are local. Kroeber notes that systemic patterns can pass from culture to culture:
A second kind of pattern consists of a system or complex of cultural material that has proved its utility as a system and therefore tends to cohere and persist as a unit; it is modifiable only with difficulty as to its underlying plan. Any one such systemic pattern is limited primarily to one aspect of culture, such as subsistence, religion, or economics; but it is not limited areally, or to one particular culture; it can be diffused cross-culturally, from one people to another. . . . What distinguishes these systemic patterns of culture—or well-patterned systems, as they might also be called—is a specific interrelation of their component parts, a nexus that holds them together strongly, and tends to preserve the basic plan... As a result of the persistence of these systemic patterns, their significance becomes most evident on a historical view.
The pattern aspect of Kroeber's view fits very well the systems-thinking pattern view of Christopher Alexander in the field of architecture.
Alexander's books became an inspiration for the software world, and in particular for the object-oriented programming world, in about 1993.
Organizational patterns in the sense they are recognized in the software community today first made an appearance at the original Hillside Group workshop that would lead to the pattern community and its PLoP conferences.
The Hillside Group sent out a call for pattern papers and, in 1995, held the first pattern conference at Allerton Park in central Illinois in the United States.
The second conference, also at Allerton, would follow a year later.
These first two PLoP conferences witnessed a handful of organizational patterns:
A flurry of associated publications and follow-up articles followed quickly thereafter, including an extemporization of the organizational patterns approach in the Bell Labs Technical Journal,
an invited piece in ASE,
a CACM article by Alistair Cockburn
and, shortly thereafter, a pattern-laden book by Alistair,
as well as chapters by Benualdi
and Janoff
in the "Patterns Handbook."
It was also about this time that Michael A. Beedle et al. published patterns that described explicit extensions to existing organizational patterns, for application in projects using a then five-year-old software development framework called Scrum.
A few more articles, such as the one by Brash et al.
also started to appear.
Little more happened on the organizational patterns front until the publication of the book by Berczuk et all on configuration management patterns;
this was a break-off effort from the effort originally centered at Bell Labs.
In the mean time, Jim Coplien and Neil Harrison had been collecting organizational patterns and combining them into a collection of four pattern languages.
Most of these patterns were based on the original research from Bell Laboratories, which studied over 120 organizations over the period of a decade.
These empirical studies were based on subject role-play in software development organizations, reminiscent of the sociodramas of Moreno's original social network approach.
However, the pattern language also had substantial input from other sources and in particular the works by Cockburn, Berczuk, and Cunningham.
This collection was published as "Organizational Patterns of Agile Software Development" in 2004.
One of the most recent organizational pattern articles comes from an early pattern contributor and advocate, the object design pioneer Grady Booch.
Principles of discovery and use.
Like other patterns, organizational patterns aren't created or invented: they are discovered (or "mined") from empirical observation.
The early work on organizational patterns at Bell Laboratories focused on extracting patterns from social network analysis.
That research used empirical role-playing techniques to gather information about the structure of relationships in the subject organization.
These structures were analyzed for recurring patterns across organization and their contribution to achieving organizational goals.
The recurring successful structures were written up in pattern form to describe their tradeoffs and detailed design decisions (forces), the context in which they apply, along with a generic description of the solution.
Patterns provide an incremental path to organizational improvement.
The pattern style of building something (in this case, an organization) is:
As with Alexander-style patterns of software architecture, organizational patterns can be organized into pattern languages: collections of patterns that build on each other.
A pattern language can suggest the patterns to be applied for a known set of working patterns that are present.
Organizational patterns, agile, and other work.
The history of Agile software development and of organizational patterns have been entwined since the beginning.
Kent Beck was the shepherd (interactive pattern reviewer) of the Coplien paper for the 1995 PLoP,
and he mentions the influence of this work on extreme programming in a 2003 publication.
The idea of daily Scrum meetings in fact came from a draft of an article for Dr. Dobb's Journal
that described the organizational patterns research on the Borland QPW project.
Beedle's early work with Sutherland brought the pattern perspective more solidly into the history of Scrum.
More recently, the Scrum community has taken up newfound interest in organizational patterns
and there is joint research going forward between the two communities.
In this vein, the first ScrumPLoP conference took place in Sweden in May, 2010, sanctioned by both the Scrum Alliance and the Hillside Group.

</doc>
<doc id="19424663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424663" title="UniPro protocol stack">
UniPro protocol stack

In mobile-telephone technology, the UniPro protocol stack follows the architecture of the classical OSI Reference Model. In UniPro, the OSI Physical Layer is split into two sublayers: Layer 1 (the actual physical layer) and Layer 1.5 (the PHY Adapter layer) which abstracts from differences between alternative Layer 1 technologies. The actual physical layer is a separate specification as the various PHY options are reused in other MIPI Alliance specifications.
The UniPro specification itself covers Layers 1.5, 2, 3, 4 and the DME (Device Management Entity). The Application Layer (LA) is out of scope because different uses of UniPro will require different LA protocols. The Physical Layer (L1) is covered in separate MIPI specifications in order to allow the PHY to be reused by other (less generic) protocols if needed.
OSI Layers 5 (Session) and 6 (Presentation) are, where applicable, counted as part of the Application Layer.
Physical Layer (L1).
D-PHY.
Versions 1.0 and 1.1 of UniPro use MIPI's D-PHY technology for the off-chip Physical Layer. This PHY allows inter-chip communication. Data rates of the D-PHY are variable, but are in the range of 500-1000 Mbit/s (lower speeds are supported, but at decreased power efficiency). The D-PHY was named after the Roman number for 500 ("D").
The D-PHY uses differential signaling to convey PHY symbols over micro-stripline wiring. A second differential signal pair is used to transmit the associated clock signal from the source to the destination. The D-PHY technology thus uses a total of 2 clock wires per direction plus 2 signal wires per lane and per direction. For example a D-PHY might use 2 wires for the clock and 4 wires (2 lanes) for the data in the forward direction, but 2 wires for the clock and 6 wires (3 lanes) for the data in the reverse direction. Data traffic in the forward and reverse directions are totally independent at this level of the protocol stack.
In UniPro, the D-PHY is used in a mode (called "8b9b" encoding) which conveys 8-bit bytes as 9-bit symbols. The UniPro protocol uses this to represent special control symbols (outside the usual 0 to 255 values). The PHY itself uses this to represent certain special symbols that have meaning to the PHY itself (e.g. IDLE symbols). Note that the ratio 8:9 can cause some confusion when specifying the data rate of the D-PHY: a PHY implementation running with a 450 MHz clock frequency is often rated as a 900 Mbit/s PHY, while only 800 Mbit/s is then available for the UniPro stack. 
The D-PHY also supports a Low-Power Data Transmission (LPDT) mode and various other low-power modes for use when no data needs to be sent.
M-PHY.
Versions 1.4 and beyond of UniPro support both the D-PHY as well as M-PHY technology. The M-PHY technology is still in draft status, but supports high-speed data rates starting at about 1000 Mbit/s (the M-PHY was named after the Roman number for 1000). In addition to higher speeds, the M-PHY will use fewer signal wires because the clock signal is embedded with the data through the use of industry-standard 8b10b encoding. Again, a PHY capable of transmitting user data at 1000 Mbit/s is typically specified as being in 1250 Mbit/s mode due to the 8b10b encoding.
The D- and M-PHY are expected to co-exist for several years because the D-PHY is a less complex technology while the M-PHY provides higher bandwidths with fewer signal wires.
Low speed modes and power savings.
It is worth noting that UniPro supports the power efficient low speed communication modes provided by both the D-PHY (10 Mbit/s) and M-PHY (3 Mbit/sec up to 500 Mbit/s). In these modes, power consumption roughly scales with the amount of data that is sent.
Furthermore both PHY technologies provide additional power saving modes because they were optimized for use in battery-powered devices.
PHY Adapter Layer (L1.5).
Architecturally, the PHY Adapter layer serves to hide the differences between the different PHY options (D- and M-PHY). This abstraction thus mainly gives architectural flexibility. Abstracted PHY details include the various power states and employed symbol encoding schemes.
L1.5 symbols.
L1.5 thus has its own (conceptual) symbol encoding consisting of 17-bit symbols. These 17-bit symbols never show up on the wires, because they are first converted by L1.5 to a pair of PHY symbols. The extra 17th control bit indicates special control symbols which are used by the protocol (L1.5 and L2) itself. In the figures, the control bits are shown in "L1.5 red" as a reminder that they are defined in- and used by protocol Layer 1.5.
L1.5 multi-lane support.
The main feature that L1.5 offers users is to allow the bandwidth of a UniPro link to be increased by using 2, 3 or 4 lanes when a single lane does not provide enough bandwidth. To the user, such a multi-lane link simply looks like a faster physical layer because the symbols are sent across 2, 3 or 4 lanes. Applications that require higher bandwidth in one direction but require less bandwidth in the opposite direction, can have different numbers of lanes per direction.
L1.5 lane discovery.
Starting in UniPro v1.4, L1.5 automatically discovers the number of usable M-PHY lanes for each direction of the link. This involves a simple discovery protocol within L1.5 that is executed on initialization. The protocol transmits test data on each available outbound lane, and receives information back from the peer entity about which data on which lane actually made it to the other end of the link. The mechanism also supports transparent remapping of the lanes to give circuit board designers flexibility in how the lanes are physically wired.
L1.5 link power management.
Starting in UniPro v1.4, L1.5 has a built in protocol called PACP (PA Control Protocol) that allows L1.5 to communicate with its peer L1.5 entity at the other end of an M-PHY-based link. Its main usage is to provide a simple and reliable way for a controller at one end of the link to change the power modes of both the forward and reverse directions of the link. This means that a controller situated at one end of the link can change the power mode of both link directions in a single atomic operation. The intricate steps required for doing this in a fully reliable way are handled transparently within L1.5.
L1.5 peer parameters control.
In addition to the L1.5 link power management the PACP is also used to access control and status parameters of the peer UniPro device.
L1.5 guarantees.
The mechanisms in L1.5 guarantee the following to upper layer protocols:
Data Link Layer (L2).
The main task of UniPro's Data Link layer (L2) is to allow reliable communication between two adjacent nodes in the network - despite occasional bit errors at the Physical layer or potential link congestion if the receiver cannot absorb the data fast enough.
L2 data frames.
L2 clusters 17-bit UniPro L1.5 symbols into packet-like data frames (the term packet is reserved for L3). These data frames start with a 17-bit start-of-frame control symbol, followed by up to 288 bytes of data (144 data symbols) and followed by an end-of-frame control symbol and a checksum.
Note that two or more of the 288 bytes are used by higher layers of the UniPro protocol. The maximum frame size of 288 payload bytes per frame was chosen to ensure that the entire protocol stack could easily transmit 256 bytes of application data in a single chunk. Payloads consisting of odd numbers of bytes are supported by padding the frame to an even number of bytes and inserting a corresponding flag in the trailer.
L2 control frames.
In addition to data frames which contain user data, L2 also transmits and receives control frames. The control frames can be distinguished from data frames by three bits in the first symbol. There are two types of control frames:
Note that these L2 types of control frames are sent autonomously by L2.
L2 retransmission.
High speed communication at low power levels can lead to occasional errors in the received data. The Data Link layer contains a protocol to automatically acknowledge correctly received data frames (using AFC control frames) and to actively signal errors that can be detected at L2 (using NAC control frames). The most likely cause of an error at L2 is that a data frame was corrupted at the electrical level (noise, EMI). This results in an incorrect data or control frame checksum at the receiver side and will lead to its automatic retransmission. Note that data frames are acknowledged (AFC) or negatively acknowledged (NAC). Corrupt control frames are detected by timers that monitor expected or required responses.
A bandwidth of 1 Gbit/s and a bit-error rate of 10−12 at a speed of 1 gigabit/s would imply an error every 1000 seconds or once every 1000th transmitted Gbit. Layer 2 thus automatically corrects these errors at the cost of marginal loss of bandwidth and at the cost of buffer space needed in L2 to store copies of transmitted data frames for possible retransmission or "replay".
L2 flow control.
Another feature of L2 is the ability for an L2 transmitter to know whether there is buffer space for the data frame at the receiving end. This again relies on L2 control frames (AFC) which allow a receiver to tell the peer's transmitter how much buffer space is available. This allows the receiver to pause the transmitter if needed, thus avoiding receive buffer overflow. Control frames are unaffected by L2 flow control: they can be sent at any time and the L2 receiver is expected to process these at the speed at which they arrive.
L2 Traffic Classes and arbitration.
UniPro currently supports two priority levels for data frames called Traffic Class 0 (TC0) and Traffic Class 1 (TC1). TC1 has higher priority than TC0. This means that if an L2 transmitter has a mix of TC0 and TC1 data frames to send, the TC1 data frames will be sent first. Assuming that most data traffic uses TC0 and that the network has congestion, this helps ensure that TC1 data frames arrive at their destination faster than TC0 data frames (analogous to emergency vehicles and normal road traffic). Furthermore, L2 can even interrupt or "preempt" an outgoing TC0 data frame to transmit a TC1 data frame. Additional arbitration rules apply to control frames: in essence these receive higher priority than data frames because they are small and essential for keeping traffic flowing.
In a multi-hop network, the arbitration is done within every L2 transmitter at every hop. The Traffic Class assigned to data does not normally change as data progresses through the network. It is up to the applications to decide how to use the priority system.
L2 single Traffic Class option.
In UniPro version 1.1, an option was introduced to allow simple endpoint devices to implement only one of the two Traffic Classes if they choose to. This can be useful when device designers are more concerned with implementation cost than with control over frame arbitration. The connected L2 peer device detects such devices during the link initialization phase and can avoid using the missing Traffic Class.
L2 guarantees.
The various L2 mechanisms provide a number of guarantees to higher layer protocols:
Thus individual links autonomously provide reliable data transfer. This is different from, for example, the widely used TCP protocol that detects errors at the endpoints and relies on end-to-end retransmission in case of corrupted or missing data.
Network Layer (L3).
The network layer is intended to route packets through the network toward their destination. Switches within a multi-hop network use this address to decide in which direction to route individual packets. To enable this, a header containing a 7-bit destination address is added by L3 to all L2 data frames. In the example shown in the figure, this allows Device #3 to not only communicate with Device #1, #2 and #5, but also enables it to communicate with Devices #4 and #6. 
Version 1.4 of the UniPro spec does not specify the details of a switch, but does specify enough to allow a device to work in a future networked environment.
L3 addressing.
Although the role of the L3 address is the same as the IP address in packets on the Internet, a UniPro DeviceID address is only 7 bits long. A network can thus have up to 128 different UniPro devices. Note that, as far as UniPro is concerned, all UniPro devices are created equal: unlike PCI Express or USB, any device can take the initiative to communicate with any other device. This makes UniPro a true network rather than a bus with one master.
L3 packets.
The diagram shows an example of an L3 packet which starts at the first L2 payload byte of an L2 frame and ends at the last L2 payload byte of an L2 frame. For simplicity and efficiency, only a single L3 packet can be carried by one L2 frame. This implies that, in UniPro, the concepts of an L2 Frame, an L3 Packet and an L4 Segment (see below) are so closely aligned that they are almost synonyms. The distinction (and "coloring") is however still made to ensure that the specification can be described in a strictly layered fashion.
L3 short-header packet structure.
UniPro short-header packets use a single header byte for L3 information. It includes the 7-bit L3 destination address. The remaining bit indicates the short-header packet format. For short-header packets, the L3 source address is not included in the header because it is assumed that the two communicating devices have exchanged such information beforehand (connection-oriented communication).
L3 long-header packets.
Long-header packets are intended to be introduced in a future version of the UniPro specification, so their format is undefined (except for one bit) in the current UniPro v1.4 specification. However, UniPro v1.4 defines a hook that allows long-header packets to be received or transmitted by a UniPro v1.4 conformant-device assuming the latter can be upgraded via software. The "long-header trap" mechanism of UniPro v1.4 simply passes the payload of a received L2 data frame (being the L3 packet with its header and payload) to the L3 extension (e.g. software) for processing. The mechanism can also accept L2 frame payload from the L3 extension for transmission. This mechanism aims to allow UniPro v1.4 devices to be able to be upgraded in order to support protocols that require the as-yet undefined long-header packets.
L3 guarantees.
Although details of switches are still out of scope in the UniPro v1.4 spec, L3 allows UniPro v1.0/v1.1/v1.4 devices to serve as endpoints on a network. It therefore guarantees a number of properties to higher layer protocols:
Transport Layer (L4).
The features of UniPro's Transport layer are not especially complex, because basic communication services have already been taken care of by lower protocol layers. L4 is essentially about enabling multiple devices on the network or even multiple clients within these devices to share the network in a controlled manner. L4's features tend to be roughly comparable to features found in computer networking (e.g. TCP and UDP) but that are less commonly encountered in local busses like PCI Express, USB or on-chip busses.
UniPro's L4 also has special significance because it is the top protocol layer in the UniPro specification. Applications are required to use L4's top interface to interact with UniPro and are not expected to bypass L4 to directly access lower layers. Note that the interface at the top of L4 provided for transmitting or receiving data is defined at the behavioral or functional level. This high level of abstraction avoids restricting implementation options. Thus, although the specification contains an annex with a signal-level interface as a non-normative example, a UniPro implementation is not required to have any specific set of hardware signals or software function calls at its topmost interface.
L4 features.
UniPro's Transport layer can be seen as providing an extra level of addressing within a UniPro device. This
These points are explained in more detail below.
L4 segments.
An L4 segment, is essentially the payload of an L3 packet. The L4 header, in its short form, consists of just a single byte.
The main field in the short L4 header is a 5-bit "CPort" identifier which can be seen as a sub-address within a UniPro device and is somewhat analogous to the port numbers used in TCP or UDP. Thus every segment (with a short header) is addressed to a specific CPort of specific UniPro device.
A single bit in the segment header also allows segments to be defined with long segment headers. UniPro v1.4 does not define the structure of such segment formats (except for this single bit). Long header segments may be generated via the long header trap described in the L3 section.
L4 connections.
UniPro calls a pair of CPorts that communicate with each other a Connection (hence the C in CPort). Setting up a connection means that one CPort has been initialized to create segments which are addressed to a specific L4 CPort of a specific L3 DeviceID using a particular L2 Traffic Class. Because UniPro connections are bidirectional, the destination CPort is also configured to allow data to be sent back to the source CPort.
In UniPro 1.0/1.1 connection setup is implementation specific.
In UniPro v1.4 connection setup is assumed to be relatively static: the parameters of the paired CPorts are configured by setting the corresponding connection Attributes in the local and peer devices using the DME. This will be supplemented by a dynamic connection management protocol in a future version of UniPro.
L4 flow control.
CPorts also contain state variables that can be used to track how much buffer space the peer or connected CPort has. This is used to prevent the situation whereby a CPort sends segments to a CPort which has insufficient buffer space to hold the data, thus leading to stalled data traffic. Unless resolved fast, this traffic jam at the destination quickly grows into a network-wide gridlock. This is highly undesirable as it can greatly affect network performance for all users or, worse, can lead to deadlock situations. The described L4 mechanism is known as end-to-end flow control (E2E FC) because it involves the endpoints of a connection.
L4 flow control versus L2 flow control.
L4 flow control is complementary to L2 flow control. Both work by having the transmitter pause until it knows there is sufficient buffer space at the receiver. But L4 flow control works between a pair of CPorts (potentially multiple hops apart) and aims to isolate connections from one another ("virtual wire" analogy). In contrast, L2 flow control is per-hop and avoids basic loss of data due to lack of receiver buffer space.
L4 flow control applicability.
E2E FC is only possible for connection-oriented communication, but at present UniPro's L4 does not support alternative options. E2E FC is enabled by default but can, however, be disabled. This is not generally recommended.
L4 safety net.
UniPro provides "safety net" mechanisms that mandate that a CPort absorbs all data sent to it without stalling. If a stall is detected anyway, the endpoint discards the incoming data arriving at that CPort in order to maintain data flow on the network. This can be seen as a form of graceful degradation at the system level: if one connection on the network cannot keep up with the speed of the received data, other devices and other connections are unaffected.
L4 and Messages.
UniPro L4 allows a connection between a pair of CPorts to convey a stream of so-called messages (each consisting of a series of bytes) rather than a single stream of bytes. Message boundaries are triggered by the application-level protocol using UniPro and are signaled via a bit in the segment header. This End-of-Message bit indicates that the last byte in the L4 segment is the last byte of the application-level message.
UniPro needs to be told by the application where or when to insert message boundaries into the byte stream: the boundaries have no special meaning for UniPro itself and are provided as a service to build higher-layer protocols on top of UniPro. Messages can be used to indicate (e.g. via an interrupt) to the application that a unit of data is complete and can thus be processed. Messages can also be useful as a robust and efficient mechanism to implement resynchronization points in some applications.
UniPro v1.4 introduces the notion of message fragment, a fragment being a portion of a message passed between the application and the CPort. This option can be useful when specifying Applications on top of UniPro that need to interrupt the Message creation based on information from the UniPro stack, e.g., incoming Messages, or backpressure.
L4 guarantees.
The mechanisms in L4 provide a number of guarantees to upper layer protocols:
Device Management Entity (DME).
The DME (Device Management Entity) controls the layers in the UniPro stack. It provides access to control and status parameters in all layers, manages the power mode transitions of the Link and handles the boot-up, hibernate and reset of the stack. Furthermore it provides means to control the peer UniPro stack on the Link.

</doc>
<doc id="19424668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424668" title="Leymus condensatus">
Leymus condensatus

Leymus condensatus, with common name is Giant wildrye and syn. Elymus condensatus, is a wild rye grass native to California and northern Mexico.
Description.
"Leymus condensatus" grows in bunches or clumps, a bunch grass, stays green all year, and has a distinctive silver blue foliage. It is drought tolerant, growing in coastal sage scrub, chaparral, the California oak woodlands of southern oak woodland and foothill woodland, and Joshua tree woodlands, rarely in wetlands. It often hybridizes with "Leymus triticoides", producing the common hybrid grass "Leymus x multiflorus".

</doc>
<doc id="19424671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424671" title="Tribal-state compacts">
Tribal-state compacts

Tribal-State Compacts are declared necessary for any Class III gaming on reservations under the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act of 1988 (IGRA). They were designed to allow tribal and state governments to come to a "business" agreement. A compact can be thought of as "negotiated agreement between two political entities that resolves questions of overlapping jurisdictional responsibilities Compacts affect the delicate power balance between states, federal, and tribal governments. It is these forms that have been a major source of controversy surrounding Indian gaming. Thus, it is understandable that the IGRA provides very detailed instructions for how states and tribes can make compacts cooperatively and also details the instructions for how the federal government can regulate such agreements.
The IGRA of 1988 and Tribal-State Compacts.
Section 3A of the Act includes specific instructions for the process of developing a tribal-state compact. Indian tribes are expected to request a compact with states if they should desire to have Class III gaming. (States have no jurisdiction over Class I and II gambling.) Following such a request, states are required to enter negotiations and deal with the tribes in "good faith". The original text of the act implied that if states tried to "stone-wall" tribal gambling, the tribes could look to the federal courts for support. But while the IGRA gives states unprecedented influence on tribal economic concerns, it also seeks to maintain the federal government as the "guardian" of the tribes. Accordingly, section 3B maintains the power of the federal government in this aspect. No compact will be valid until the United States Secretary of the Interior has entered the compact into the Federal registry. Also, tribes who feel that a state is not negotiating in "good faith" have the right to sue the states in federal court.
The topics that compacts may cover include provisions relating to criminal/civil laws of the tribe or state in relation to the gambling activity, the allocation of court jurisdiction between the State and Indian tribe necessary to enforce these laws, money the State should receive to defray the costs of regulating the gambling, and any other such subjects directly related to the operation of gaming activities. It also specifies that Indian tribe shall have the right to regulate gaming concurrently with the state, unless some aspect of the compact is broken.
The IGRA takes specific notice of the fact that the text is not "conferring upon a State or any of its political subdivisions the authority to impose any taxes, fee, charge, or other assessment upon an Indian tribe. This reference indicates that the Congress realized it was not following the norm of tribal governments operating independently of states.
The compacts between states and tribes have caused a great deal of controversy and the original definition of Tribal-State Compacts has been redefined by several court cases and congressional acts. This section will address the more prominent actions that have refined the methods of establishing Tribal-State compacts.
Balance between federal, state, and tribal government.
Indian gambling has been the source and focus of a great deal of controversy. Part of the reason for this is the ambiguity that surrounds tribal sovereignty in the legal sense.
Brief history of tribal sovereignty and the law.
Much of the current understanding of tribal sovereignty can be traced back to John Marshall and his decisions. American government has long operated under the legacy of "Worcester v. Georgia", which stated strongly that the history of relations with Indians had established the understanding that tribes were "distinct political communities, having territorial boundaries, within which their authority is exclusive". However, tribes were still subject to federal regulation and laws. As Marshall had already confirmed in "Cherokee Nation v. Georgia" where he labeled tribes as having a ward relationship to the "guardian" national government.
These decisions occurred quite some time ago, but have shaped much of the modern dealings with tribal sovereignty. There have been some exceptions made to allowing states some impact on tribes (such as Public Law 280 and crimes committed by a non-Indian to a non-Indian on tribal land), but for the most part have restricted states from interfering. When states are allowed to regulate tribal activity, there are strict guidelines to be met. On the part of federal action, the assumption is that tribes have the inherent right to govern themselves unless federal action specifically prevents an action.
Indian gambling and tribal sovereignty.
The first major case to address Indian gambling and state regulation was "California v. Cabazon Band of Mission Indians" in 1987. In this case, the Supreme Court ruled that California did not have the right to regulate gaming unless there were criminal prohibitions against gaming in the state. Furthermore, the case set the precedent of only allowing state regulation of the tribes rarely and with federal preemption only. In denying the states the right to regulate tribal gambling, the court had essentially forced the task on to Congress. Thus, the emergence of the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act came on October 17, 1988. The act itself was an attempt to provide regulation while maintaining tribal sovereignty. The only "sticky" problem had to do with casino-style gambling. Because casino-style gambling is a "cash business" (relative to bingo) there were many who were concerned that it would attract crime (organized and otherwise). In fact, this was perhaps one of the main concerns on part of the states who were lobbying the federal government for some right to regulate gaming because of the chance of such infiltration. The tribal-state compacts came about as a compromise in concern for the casino-style gambling (Class III). The tribal-state compacts were seen as a necessary and fair political compromise by Congress, but in reality by incorporating these compacts, the IGRA seems to be illustrating a contemporary move towards devolution in some experts' opinions. Compacts do require that tribes cede some jurisdictional powers to state governments. Some may view the IGRA as a means of respecting tribal sovereignty, but in placing the necessity of compacts, the IGRA is actually establishing limitations on the authority of the tribes.
Under the original legislation of the IGRA, Congress did try to maintain the tribal sovereignty. The act created a mechanism to limit state's ability to take advantage of the tribes by allowing tribes to sue states who did not operate in "good faith". If the federal court found that states did not negotiate in good faith, it could then require that a compact be agreed upon within 60 days. If after this time had passed, the interior secretary would be assigned the task of drafting a compact- which may would most likely be a disadvantage to the states. This ability together with the requirement that the Secretary of the Interior approve all gaming compacts worked to ensure federal oversight of any state regulation- which should have softened the blow of tribal state compacts on sovereignty. In 1991, however, "Seminole Tribe v. Florida" upset the tribal-state balance that Congress had intended under the IGRA. This case ultimately denied tribes the right to sue states based on the Eleventh Amendment (which grants states sovereign immunity). Furthermore, the case ruled that Congress had overstepped its authority in drafting the IGRA. "Seminole Tribe", then, acted to remove Congress's limited protection for tribes and removed any mechanisms for enforcing the "good-faith" clause. Experts have noted that in drafting the IGRA, Congress sought to protect the tribes, but in passing the decision in this case, the Court ignored this intention and allowed the balance of power shift in favor of the states.
Compacts in the wake of "Seminole".
The "Seminole" case greatly expanded the state power over tribal gaming. In denying tribes the right to bring suit against states, the Court did not halt the compact process, but it did destroy the only remedial scheme devised by
Congress for compelling states to negotiate in good faith with their tribal counterparts. Congress had already recognized that without any way to enforce the "good faith" of states, states could simply refuse to negotiate compacts and the tribes would essentially lose its right to conduct gaming. The Court, however, did not seem concerned with this particular consequence to its decision. After the case, some states refused to negotiate, but even more demanded concessions from the tribes (sharing gaming profits among other demands). In some states, tribes had to give up treaty rights to gain receive a chance to get a compact. In Wisconsin, for instance, Governor Tommy Thompson sought to include tribes' rights to hunting and fishing treaty rights as issues for negotiations. Some states have an attempted to bring about revenue sharing, though there are strict regulations under the IGRA for this. The Court had attempted to uphold these restrictions, such as in "In re Indian Gaming Related Cases" the court held that a state could not violate IGRA’s prohibition against the imposition of taxes and should negotiate rather than impose. However, once again in lieu of Seminole, tribes have no means by which to negotiate. Tribal gambling under the law is a dynamic issue that is still contested and there are many proposals for ways to fix the "gap" that the "Seminole" case left in the IGRA.

</doc>
<doc id="19424680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424680" title="Ragdolly Anna">
Ragdolly Anna

Ragdolly Anna was a British children's television series, produced by Yorkshire Television. The show was broadcast between 1982-1987 on the ITV network during its CITV strand.
The show starred Pat Coombs and was about a small stuffed doll named Ragdolly Anna that used to spring into life when nobody was watching and would go on many wild and fantastic adventures.

</doc>
<doc id="19424702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424702" title="Dungeon Party">
Dungeon Party

Dungeon Party is a 3D MMOG developed by Cyanide Studio. The game was officially released May 15, 2009 globally.
Dungeon party is a team-based online game which has been described as a combination of DotA and Fate (Fate itself is inspired from Diablo). Players can create characters of a different number of classes and take part in dungeon raids. The objective of these raids is to obtain the treasure and get to the exit of the dungeon. Two teams compete against each other for this objective. Each Dungeon contains a numerous amount of traps and dungeon guardians which either aid or hamper a teams efforts.
This game is Windows 7 compatible. The game also seems to be more forgiving to players who have lower end internet connections as many players have reported a smooth gaming experience with less than desirable connections.
Features.
Class System.
Dungeon Party features 3 free classes and 4 extra classes which can be unlocked via the game shop. Unlike traditional MMORPG's any experience points or skills learned in each game are reset after all rounds have been played.
Wizard - This is the predominant support class in the game. Wizards have a variety of skills to harass enemies or aid allies from healing to movement speed slowing. Although Wizards also have very high damaging spells. Caught alone a wizard is very vulnerable due to their low health.
Executioner - This class acts as the main warrior class. Their skills enable them to take quite a lot of damage and support buffs that allow them to deal damage also.
Thief - This class is an all rounder. Their skills suit many situations and is one of the best classes to go 'solo' during a match. Although they aren't as durable as other classes and they lack skills to support their team mates.
Amazon - This class can only be unlocked by purchasing it via the game store.
Bard - This class can only be unlocked by purchasing it via the game store.
Horsewoman - This class can only be unlocked by purchasing it via the game store.
The Engineer - The Engineer
Game Modes.
There are two basic game modes, with several variants available. In 'One Chest For All' maps are designed around the two teams competing for one treasure. While in the 'One chest per team' maps are designed accordingly.
Variants.
These are options players can toggle on or off depending on their preferences.
No Love Variant"' - The treasure chest does not require a team to gain its affection before being allowed to leave the dungeon.
Treasure Uncommitted"' - The treasure requires more effort then usual for a team to gain its affection, if not being carried a team will slowly lose affection gained.
No Experience - Players do not gain experience thus cannot level up, in turn preventing the ability to learn new skills. Although players start with 2 spell points at round 1 and skills are not reset at each round.
Spiteful Love - Carrying the treasure chest will cause that player to slowly lose health.
Hero Customisation.
Customisation of a heroes looks does not grant it any game benefits whatsoever, they are purely for aesthetic purposes. The following can be changed on any hero, although some options have less customisation then others. In game players can earn Hero Money to purchase different items for their hero. In addition they are also able to purchase Cyan Dollars from the game store which allows them to unlock and purchase even more content.
Head Gear - Colour and Look
Clothes - Colour and Look
Weapon - Look Only
Face - Look Only
Moustache - Colour and Look
Beard - Colour and Look
Skin - Colour Only
Class
Spells and Spell Schools.
Every Class can learn up to a maximum of 5 spells per match. To be able to learn a spell a player must use their available spell points. At the start of each round a player will automatically have an equal amount of spell points based on the number of the round (Round 2 will give a player 2 spell points initially etc...). By also defeating other players and the dungeon guardians a player is able to gain experience towards leveling up.
There are two types of skills in the game, Normal spells and Ultimate Spells. Normal spells cost 1 spell point to learn while ultimate costs 2.
Map Types.
Currently, Maps are created base on two defining features, The map tile set and the major game mode. The following map tile sets are available:
- Vegas
- Dracula's Castle
- Egypt
- Pirate Bay
The game also features a custom map editor which allows players to create, share and play their own maps.
Guild System.
The game features a guild system called the "n00b herd". Up to four players may be a member of any one n00b herd at any one time.
Game Play.
Dungeon Guardians.
There are several different type of Dungeon Guardians each of varying strength and ability. Each map tile set has its own set of equivalent dungeon guardians.
Minions - These are the most common of dungeon guardians, they usually have low health and low damage output. Some are ranged and some have magical spells such as the ability to slow.
Patrol Guard - Maps may or may not include these dungeon guardians. They commonly are found in groups of two, one guardian is experience in melee combat while the other is more experience in range combat. Unlike other guardians they actively walk around the map. They are moderately strong.
Mini Boss - These guardians have quite high health, moderate damage output and usually have a few special abilities such as stunning. Only one appears per map and most of the time are found in the immediate vicinity of the treasure, sometimes requiring to be defeated before the treasure becomes accessible.
Boss - The most powerful of all dungeon guardians, usually requires a whole team effort to be able to take down as they are highly powered in all areas. Killing Bosses will greatly increase the love factor the treasure has for one team.
Traps.
Dungeons are commonly filled with traps. Most involve either walking over certain tiles or activating certain switches.
Walk over - As suggested, walking over these traps will make something occur, varying from dangers being launched (Boulders, etc...) to opening doors.
Levers - Most commonly used to open doors
Danger Pits - These traps are also active, walking over them will cause damage or some other negative buff, depending on what kind it is (Fire, Ice, Poison etc...)
The Treasure.
The treasure itself plays a key role in gameplay. In normal modes, a player must earn its love and affection before it is allowed to be carried out of the dungeon by a team. Love and Affection can be gained by either Killing dungeon guardians, enemy players or simply carrying it.
The treasure can also randomly activate mini-games, which a 30 second warning is given should one occur. Mini games can involve speeding up all players, disabling all spells or even quite literally turn the game upside down.
Critical reception.
While the game is still in its infancy and lacks a few additional features it also has been praised for its dynamic game play and freshness.
MMOhut review
""Dungeon Party is just that, a party. This game is loads of fun and nice break from traditional MMO games. The 3D animated graphics, dungeon mazes, challenging combat, and humor embedded into every element makes this game worth playing. Although, it doesn’t have a very large playbase count there is always a group of players ready to party.""

</doc>
<doc id="19424709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424709" title="Gené">
Gené

Gené may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19424723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424723" title="History of Freemasonry in France">
History of Freemasonry in France

Freemasonry in France has a long and varied history.
Historiography.
Until the mid 20th century, the history of Freemasonry was excluded from classic-style history syllabi in universities. Particularly in France, Masonic historiography was thus almost entirely divided between authors who were vehemently pro- or anti-Freemasonry (with the former often being masons themselves). Since then, Freemasonry's political influence has diminished, and its historical conflict with France's Roman Catholic church (also now less politically powerful) has been if not resolved then at least appeased. This climate has been more favourable to the application of classic historical principals and methods to Masonic historiography, allowing it to develop and form a discipline of its own, "Masonology", devoted to a wider and more neutral study of the highly varied cultural and intellectual universe formed by European Freemasonry in general and French Freemasonry in particular.
French Freemasonry offers the historian several documents (manuscripts, diplomas, engravings, caricatures, journal articles and other printed material) as well as a large number of objects relating to both ritual (Masonic aprons, tablets, vessels, medals) and everyday life (pipes, clocks, tobacco boxes and faience decorative art) that have been put on show in many museums and permanent exhibitions. However, the main sources in this area remain the manuscripts, especially the manuscripts cabinet at the Bibliothèque nationale de France and the municipal library of Lyon. In 2001, the Russian government repatriated (among other things) all the Masonic archives which had been confiscated by the Nazis during their occupation of Europe - these had been held at Moscow since 1945.
Course.
Ancien Régime.
Origins.
According to a tradition dating to 1777, the first Masonic lodge in France was founded in 1688 by the Royal Irish Regiment, which followed James II of England into exile, under the name "La Parfaite Égalité" of Saint-Germain-en-Laye. Historians think such an event is likely, but it can never be proved conclusively. The same can be said of the first lodge of English origin, "Amitié et Fraternité", founded in 1721 at Dunkerque The first lodge whose existence is historically certain was founded by some Englishmen in Paris "around the year 1725". It met at the house of the traiteur Huré on rue des Boucheries, "in the manner of English societies", and mainly brought together Irishmen and Jacobite exiles. It is quite probable that it was this lodge that in 1732 received official patents from the Grand Lodge of London under the lodge-name "Saint Thomas", meeting at the sign of the "Louis d'Argent", still on the rue des Boucheries.
In 1728, the Freemasons decided to recognise Philip Wharton, 1st Duke of Wharton (1698–1731) as "grand-master of the Freemasons in France". Wharton was staying in Paris and Lyon from 1728 to 1729, and in 1723 had already become grandmaster of the Grand Lodge of London. His nomination as French grandmaster, prior to the transformation of the "Grand Lodge of London" into the "Grand Lodge of England in 1738, is considered by some historians as a point of departure for French Freemasonry and a declaration of its independence from British Freemasonry. He was succeeded as grandmaster of the French Freemasons by the Jacobites James Hector MacLean (1703-1750) and then Charles Radcliffe, Earl of Derwentwater (1693-1746).
If the existence of a grandmaster in France is already attested in 1728, it took ten more years for a true assembly of representatives from all the "English" and "Scottish" lodges to form the first Grande Loge de France on 24 June 1738 and set up Louis de Pardaillan de Gondrin (1707–1743), 2nd Duke of Antin, as "general and perpetual Grand Master in the kingdom of France". It was this Grand Lodge which gave birth to the French Masonic jurisdictions which still exist today.
1730s.
In December 1736, the chevalier de Ramsay pronounced a discourse in which he propounded the idea of a chivalric origin for Freemasonry. This idea later had a definite influence on the instigation in French Freemasonry from 1740 to 1770 of a large number of Masonic Upper Degrees, which later regrouped around different Masonic Rites.
The first revelation of Masonic secrets to the French public dates to 1737, and the following year these were published in the "La Gazette de Hollande" under the title "La réception d'un frey-maçon" ("The reception of a Freemason"), drawing on investigations by René Hérault, lieutenant of police, and the testimony of a Miss Carton, a dancer at the Opéra, to whom a Mason had told the secrets. The police interest reflects the absolute monarchy's fears of the dangers it could incur from a "society admitting people of all estates, conditions, religions, and in which may be found a large number of foreigners". It therefore forbade "all traiteurs, cabaretiers, aubergistes and others from receiving the aforesaid assemblies of "freys-maçons"". However, this did not stop them meeting, under the protection of figures from the high nobility, such as the duke of Antin. Other investigations occurred from 1740 to 1745, giving rise to highly detailed police reports that now constitute a precious source for historians of Freemasonry. These investigations were also accompanied by arrests and light sentences, until Freemasonry definitively became part of French social life, with condemnations and sentences emanating from the monarchy ending around the end of the 18th century.
The year 1738 also saw the condemnation of Freemasonry in the papal bull Eminenti Apostolatus Specula of Pope Clement XII. This was the signal for a wave of anti-Masonic persecutions across European countries more loyal to the see of Rome, but not in France, where the bull was refused registration by the Parliament of Paris for political reasons (a bull had to be registered by the Parliament to take effect in France. French Freemasonry thus very quickly became mainly Catholic in composition, including several priests, and remained so until the French Revolution.
1740 to 1788.
In the 1740s an original and mixed-sex form of Freemasonry, known as "Masonry of Adoption" arose among the high French aristocracy, of which the duchess of Bourbon-Condé, sister of the duke of Chartres, was Grand Mistress. In 1743, after the death of the duke of Antin, Louis de Bourbon-Condé (1709-1771), count of Clermont, prince of the blood and future member of the Académie française who succeeded him as "Grand Master of all regular lodges in France". He remained in office until his death in 1771. Around 1744 there were around 20 lodges in Paris and 20 in the provinces. Lodges in the provinces were most often founded by Masons out of Paris on business or via the intermediary of military lodges in regiments passing through a region - where a regiment with a military lodge left its winter quarters, it was common for it to leave behind the embryo of a new civil lodge there. The many expressions of military origin still used in Masonic banquets of today date to this time, such as the famous "canon" (cannon, meaning a glass) or "poudre forte" (strong gunpowder, meaning the wine).
In 1771, Louis Philippe d'Orléans (1747-1793) succeeded the comte de Clermont as grandmaster. Under his authority and with the support of the provincial lodges for action against the hegemony of the lodges in Paris, the Grande Loge de France was re-organised and in 1773 changed its name to the Grand Orient de France, which accounted for 600 lodges. Only some "Vénérables", mainly Parisians, refused to give up being president-for-life of their lodges, resisting this reform by forming a "Grand Lodge of Clermont" which lasted until May 1799.
1789 to 1815.
Revolution.
After the French Revolution, the Jesuit Augustin Barruel wrote that Freemasons had actively prepared the 1789 revolution, which has been used to back theories of a Masonic plot. This thesis was often reprised later, notably during the French Third Republic, by Catholic authors (using it to oppose both the Republic and Freemasonry) and by Freemasons (so as to reinforce their pro-Republican stance and their positive image with the Republican government). In reality, there were Freemasons in both the Republican and monarchical camps. The Duke of Luxembourg, right hand man to the Grand Master and moving-force behind the creation of the Grand Orient de France, emigrated in July 1789 and an aristocratic lodge known as "La Concorde" fled from Dijon as early as August 1789. Having become "Philippe-Égalité", the Grand Master of the Grand Orient himself publicly renounced Freemasonry in 1793 shortly before being executed by guillotine.
Even though the Grand Orient proclaimed its attachment to the democratic form of government from January 1789 onwards, it was forced to cease its activities by the Terror between 1793 and 1796, and of the nearly 1000 lodges active on the eve of the Revolution only 75 were in a fit state to resume their activities in 1800. Nevertheless, by their functioning in the years before the Revolution, these lodges had assumed a certain independence from the State and the Church, probably giving rise to new aspirations. Among active Freemasons in the Revolutionary period were Mirabeau, Choderlos de Laclos and Rouget de l'Isle, writer of the national anthem "La Marseillaise". In the French Egyptomania which followed their invasion of Egypt in 1799, around 1810 the Rite of Misraïm and "Egyptian" Freemasonry appeared among French troops based in Italy, later spreading to France in 1814.
First Empire.
The plebiscite of 6 November 1804 legitimized the First French Empire of Napoleon I. In the following days, Masons learned that his brother Joseph Bonaparte had been named Grand Master of the Grand Orient de France, with its administration effectively placed in the hand of Jean-Jacques-Régis de Cambacérès. One legend states that Napoleon himself had been a Mason, but comments he made on Saint Helena seem clear proof of the opposite:
During the First Empire, the Grand Orient de France was under strict control from the political authorities and little by little gathered almost all of French Freemasonry (which had newly developed and quickly reached 1,200 lodges, mainly military ones) under its aegis. Nevertheless, in 1804 count Alexandre de Grasse-Tilly (1765–1845) came to France from his birthplace in the Antilles, with powers assigned him by the Supreme Council of Charleston, founded in 1802. He established a Supreme Council of France and contributed to the creation of a "General Scottish Grand Lodge of France", under the protection of Kellerman. State centralism demanded the merger of these two institutions, which happened some years later.
1815 to 1850.
In 1814, at the start of the Bourbon Restoration, the count of Grasse-Tilly reawakened the conflict between the Grand Orient de France (wanting to be the unified centre of all French Freemasonry) and the Supreme Council of France (jealous of the independence of the Ancient and Accepted Scottish Rite) which then lasted until the end of the century. The First Empire's final fall the following year majorly weakened French Freemasonry, which had been one of the Empire's key pillars, with the number of lodges falling to 300 around the end of the year 1820.
Throughout the 19th century French Freemasonry little by little made itself more democratic and more politicised - several Freemasons were among the revolutionaries of the July Revolution and, with the exceptions of Lamartine and Ledru-Rollin, all the members of the provisional government of 1848 were also Freemasons. Lodges also became more and more anticlerical as Catholics left them in the wake of repeated papal excommunications (these had come into force in France through Napoleon's 1801 concordat).
Second Empire.
In 1851, Napoleon III put an end to the Second French Republic and initiated the Second French Empire. As his uncle had done before him, he offered his protection to French Freemasonry. He got the Grand Orient de France to agree to elect Prince Murat as its Grand Master but it did not wish to be represented by Murat. In 1862 they gained permission to elect a different representative and Napoleon III decided to name his successor himself - this was Maréchal Magnan, who was not already a Mason and so had to go through all 33 ranks of Scottish Rite Freemasonry in rapid succession to take up the post. The imperial decree had forgotten to mention the other French Masonic Rite, and so the "Scottish Rite", under the academician Jean Viennet (1777–1868), only just managed to maintain its independence.
Two years later, the emperor newly authorised the Grand Orient to elect its Grand Master. Magnan was elected and remained Grand Master until his death in 1865 (the archbishop of Paris gave Magnan's absolution before his coffin, which was draped with Masonic insignia, for which he was criticised by the Pope). Learning its lesson from this authoritarian period, the Grand Orient suppressed the role of Grand Master at the end of the Second Empire, putting its leadership instead in the hands of a "President of the Council of the Order".
In 1869 there was a dispute between the Grand Orient and the Grand Lodge of Louisiana in the United States over recognizing a Lodge that the GLL did not recognize. This was a prelude to the schism of Continental Freemasonry.
Paris Commune.
In 1870 the Grand Orient de France numbered around 18,000 Freemasons and the Scottish Rite around 6,000. March 1871 saw the start of the Paris Commune, in which Parisian Freemasons were heavily involved. Thirifocq, a militant socialist and member of the "le libre Examen" lodge of the Supreme Council of France, demanded that Masonic banners be set up on Paris's ramparts and that they should be "avenged" should they be torn by the bullets of the anti-Commune forces. Many Freemasons figured among the revolutionaries, including Jules Vallès and Élisée Reclus. On 29 April 1871 several thousand Freemasons of both obediences gathered behind dozens of banners for a large demonstration gathered before the Versaillan forces. This demonstration was followed by a meeting between two emissaries of the Commune (including Thirifocq) and Adolphe Thiers, which ended in failure and in the crushing of the Commune by the Versaillans. Unlike the Parisian lodges, those in the provinces did not support the Commune, on whose fall the Grand Orient officially disavowed the action of the Parisian lodges and rallied to Thiers and the French Third Republic, in which it was to play a leading role.
1875-1899.
On 8 July 1875, Jules Ferry (future minister of public education of the republic) and Émile Littré (author of the eponymous dictionary) were initiated in the "la Clémente Amitié" lodge. The French Republic wished to open secular schools throughout its territory and so entered into an open conflict with the Catholic Church, which opposed the opening of secular schools. It was in this context that the Grand Orient, which at this time made its support for the Republic official, decided in 1877 to abolish its requirement that its members believe in the existence of God and the immortality of the soul and for its lodges to work "for the Glory of the Great Architect of the Universe". In theory each lodge remained free to choose whether or not to continue respecting this former "landmark" of Freemasonry, but (in a climate poisoned by 30 years of open conflict between the Republic and the former state religion of Catholicism) in practice all references to religion would be phased out of the rituals of the Grand Orient.
The decision to admit Atheists was not universally approved in France and led, in 1894, to a schism in French Freemasonry. The lodges wishing to require a belief in Deity broke off from the Grand Orient and formed Grande Loge de France (the second organization of that name).
As for the Scottish Rite of the Supreme Council of France, the traditional obligation was not suppressed, but Grand Commander Crémieux in 1876 brought back into force that his jurisdiction should not impose "any form to the Grand Architect of the Universe". The Supreme Council also faced a secession by lodges of the three upper degrees, which intended to move out from under its patronage. In the end it granted them their independence, merging them into the Grande Loge de France.
From 1893 to 1899, France saw the formation of the first mixed-sex mainstream Masonic obedience, which rapidly became international - the Ordre mixte international du Droit humain, which also adopted the Ancient and Accepted Scottish Rite.
1900-present.
1900-1918.
French Freemasonry began the 20th century with the Affaire Des Fiches, a scandal that left lasting traces and which bore witness to its implication in the politics of the era. It began in 1901 when general André, minister for war and Freemason, asked for the philosophical and religious convictions of some 27,000 officers, to help their advancement. Hundreds of Freemasons across the country sent in this information. In 1904 the press seized on the affair, causing a huge scandal and leading to the dismissal of general André.
In 1913 two lodges ("le Centre des Amis" and the "Loge Anglaise 204") left the Grand Orient and founded the "National Independent and Regular Grand Lodge", which was immediately recognised by the United Grand Lodge of England and until the 1960s remained mainly driven by Englishmen or Americans resident in France. In 1948 changed its name to the Grande Loge Nationale Française, which it still bears today.
Though the pacifist current which appeared in France before World War I also manifested itself in Freemasonry, as in other countries this current disappeared with the start of the war and the first cabinet of the "Union sacrée" included 9 Freemasons. An international conference in January 1917 held at the Grande Loge de France included many European obediences. It launched an appeal for the creation of the League of Nations, and a similar conference in June that same year representatives from 16 Allied or neutral obediences at the Grand Orient de France had the same objectives.
1918-1945.
After losses in the First World War, Freemasonry resumed its growth - the Grand Orient de France rose from 23,000 members in 1919 to 33,000 in the 1930s, whilst the Grande Loge de France rose from 6300 members to 16,000 in the same period.
In 1922, the congress of the Communist International, at the request of Zinoviev, forbade members of the Communist party from also being Freemasons. Most socialist Freemasons who had chosen the French Communist Party after the split at the congress of Tours then left the party. Some of the lodges closed down in Russia by the Bolsheviks were re-formed in France by Russian refugees - "Astrée" within the Grande Loge, "l'étoile du Nord" and "la Russie libre" within the Grand Orient.
In the inter-war period, French Freemasonry occupied a major place in the political appearance of the Republic and was strongly implicated in its struggles. It was thus particularly affected by the Republic's fall during the Battle of France in 1940. The Vichy regime and the German occupying forces united in October 1940 to organise an important anti-Masonic exhibition which toured throughout France. Its general theme affirmed the existence of a plot against France which had led to the country's fall and which according to the theses of the Action française had been organised by "the Jew, the Protestant, the Mason and the Foreigner". A secret-societies service was set up in 1941, which studied articles confiscated from such societies and published "Les documents maçonniques", a review which saw in Freemasonry one of the principal causes of France's defeat. A law of 1941 also applied the "statute on the Jews" to Freemasons. An anti-Masonic film, titled "Forces occultes", was produced and shown in Paris in 1943.
A thousand French Freemasons were also deported or killed during the Second World War, mostly for involvement in French Resistance activities or due to their Jewish origins, with Masonic Temples pillaged and their archives confiscated. However, fellow-feeling that arose between Gaullists, Communists and Freemasons working in the Resistance against a common enemy meant that, in the post-war period, the Communist condemnation of Freemasonry diminished considerably in France.
When lodges revived on the France's liberation, purge committees were often spontaneously put in place. However, the total number of active French Freemasons had fallen by two-thirds and French Freemasonry took twenty years to regain its pre-war numbers and never recovered the political and social influence it had had under the First Empire, during the 1848 Revolution and under the Third Republic, preferring instead to turn to philosophical reflections that became ever more spiritual in nature. Also in 1945, the Freemasons of the lodges of adoption within the Grande Loge de France formed a "Women's Masonic Union of France" ("Union maçonnique féminine de France"), which in 1952 became the Grande Loge féminine de France. In 1959, this obedience abandoned the rite of adoption in favour of the Scottish Rite.
Postwar splits and unifications.
In 1958, some brothers of the Grande Loge nationale française disagreed with its non-recognition of other French obediences and split to form the "Grande Loge nationale française dite « Opéra »", which has since then become the Grande Loge traditionnelle et symbolique Opéra (GLTSO). In 1964, the Grande Loge de France signed an accord with the Grand Orient de France which provoked a break within itself and within the Supreme Council "of" France. Grand Commander Charles Riandey, accompanied by hundreds of brothers, thus left the Supreme Council to form another under the aegis of the Grande Loge nationale française, known as the "Supreme Council "for" France".
Since the 1970s, there have been several splits which have given rise to many small obediences, as well as many micro-obediences and independent lodges. Though the seriousness of some of them is unanimously recognised, others' conformity to Masonic traditions is not always well-established. Some authors see in this tendency a reflection of the individualist atomisation and rejection of institutions which (according to them) now characterises modern-day French society. On 20 February 2002 the Grand Masters, Grand Mistresses and Presidents of nine Masonic obediences met in Paris to sign the founding text of "French Freemasonry" ("Maçonnerie française"), an expression originated as a 'brandname' by the Grand Orient de France. Its text went as follows :
In October 2002, this collection of obediences created the "Masonic Institute of France" ("Institut maçonnique de France", or "IMF"), with the aim of "promoting the cultural image of French Freemasonry across the historic, literary and artistic inheritance and its diversity" and of "rediscovering, deepening and making better-known to all interested members of the public the cultural and ethical values of Freemasonry". The IMF is both a foundation for Masonic culture and a study and research centre. It organises an annual salon on Mason books and awards a literary prize to an author who is not a Mason but defends ideas and values close to those of Freemasonry. However, in July 2006, the Grande Loge de France decided to leave the association formed in 2002 and the Grand Orient de France decided to annul the 'brand name' "Maçonnerie Française" with the INPI.
In France, there are some 11 Grand Lodges, few of which officially recognize the legitimacy of the others. However, in June 2005, the Grande Loge Nationale Française and the Grande Loge de France took steps to improve their fraternal working relations by signing a "Protocole Administratif", allowing them to cooperate with each other at a level below official recognition.

</doc>
<doc id="19424727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424727" title="Zachary Donohue">
Zachary Donohue

Zachary Donohue (born January 8, 1991) is an American ice dancer. With Madison Hubbell, he is the 2014 Four Continents champion, a two-time Nebelhorn Trophy champion (2011, 2013), and the 2012 U.S. national bronze medalist.
With former partner Piper Gilles, he is the 2009 and 2010 U.S. national junior bronze medalist.
Career.
Early career.
In the 2006–2007 season, Donohue competed with Kaylyn Patitucci. They placed 5th on the novice level at the Eastern Sectional Championships and did not advance to the 2007 U.S. Championships.
In the 2007–2008 season, Donohue competed with Lili Lamar. They placed 5th on the Junior level at the Eastern Sectional Championships and did not advance to the 2008 U.S. Championships.
Partnership with Gilles.
Donohue teamed up with Piper Gilles for the 2008–2009 season. They made their international debut at the 2008–2009 ISU Junior Grand Prix event in Ostrava, Czech Republic, which they won. They placed second at their second event in Cape Town, South Africa, qualifying them for the 2008–2009 Junior Grand Prix Final in South Korea. They withdrew from the Junior Grand Prix Final before the competition due to injury to Gilles. They won the bronze medal on the junior level at the 2009 and 2010 U.S. Championships. In 2010, Gilles & Donohue were selected to compete for the United States at the World Junior Championships. They placed 9th out of a field of 34 teams. They announced the end of their partnership in May 2010. Donohue partnered with Alissandra Aronow and trained in Canton, Michigan, under the coaching team of Igor Shpilband and Marina Zueva. They competed at the senior level for the 2010-11 season, and ended their partnership shortly after the 2011 U.S. Championships.
Partnership with Hubbell.
On May 12, 2011, it was announced that he had teamed up with Madison Hubbell. The new partnership trains at the Detroit Skating Club under the coaching team of Pasquale Camerlengo, Anjelika Krylova, Massimo Scali, Natalia Annenko-Deller, and Elizabeth Punsalan, with assistance on elements from Jason Dungjen. They made their international debut at 2011 Nebelhorn Trophy where they won the gold medal.
In 2013–14, Hubbell/Donohue won gold at the 2013 Nebelhorn Trophy, placed fourth at the 2013 Skate America, and won their first Grand Prix medal, bronze, at the 2013 Skate Canada International. After placing fourth at the 2014 U.S. Championships, they were assigned to the 2014 Four Continents Championships and finished ahead of Piper Gilles / Paul Poirier to take the gold medal. Hubbell/Donohue were first alternates for the 2014 World Championships but were unable to take the slot made available when Davis/White withdrew — Hubbell had sustained a torn labrum in her left hip, requiring surgery.

</doc>
<doc id="19424729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424729" title="Satsivi">
Satsivi

Satsivi (literally means "cold dish" in Georgian) (also known as walnut sauce) () is a food paste in Georgian cuisine made primarily from walnuts and is used in various recipes.
Varieties.
There are numerous varieties of walnut sauce, and Georgian cuisine alone boasts of dozens of them.
Bazhe.
"Bazhe" () is the most versatile of Georgian walnut sauces, made with either red wine vinegar or pomegranate juice. As is typical of the Georgian palette, this sauce is slightly tart as sweeteners are not usually used by Georgians in their cooking.
Satsivi.
"Satsivi" () is a Georgian sauce made of walnuts and served cold, either as a dipping sauce for bread or sauce for boiled or fried game or fish. Traditionally, "satsivi" is made of walnuts, water, garlic, combination of dried herbs, vinegar, cayenne pepper, and salt to taste. In this way, 
satsivi in the Caucasus is similar to the nut and/or legume-based paste sauces to the south, such as the hummus (which often contains garlic, lemon juice--a souring agent--, and tahini, or sesame butter/paste) varieties found in Armenian, Syrian, Lebanese, or generically Levantine cuisine.
Boiled turkey or chicken pieces submerged in "satsivi" is a staple of winter holiday feasts.

</doc>
<doc id="19424735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424735" title="Willie Ouchterlonie">
Willie Ouchterlonie

Willie Ouchterlonie was a Scottish footballer who played as a striker. He was born in Dundee.
Ouchterlonie, whose brother Kinnaird was also a footballer, began his career with local side Osborne before joining Dundee United in September 1932. After scoring forty league goals in fifty-one matches, Ouchterlonie was susprisingly released in April 1934, going on to join Raith Rovers. He later played for Barrow and Wrexham before a one-game return to Tannadice in January 1940, scoring twice.

</doc>
<doc id="19424738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424738" title="Willisornis">
Willisornis

Willisornis is a genus of birds in the Thamnophilidae family. These small, strongly sexually dichromatic birds are native to the Guianas and Amazon Rainforest in South America, and often follow army ants.
Taxonomy.
"Willisornis" has traditionally been included in the genus "Hylophylax", but is now known to be part of a different clade. The name "Dichropogon" was used briefly instead, but this name is preoccupied by a genus of asilid flies ("Dichropogon" Bezzi, 1910). Until early 2011, the two species of "Willisornis" were considered conspecific.

</doc>
<doc id="19424751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424751" title="The American Assembly">
The American Assembly

The American Assembly, a non-partisan public policy forum, was founded in 1950 by Dwight D. Eisenhower and has become his most enduring achievement and legacy as Columbia University president. In his memoirs, Eisenhower acknowledged that the Assembly had far exceeded his expectations. 
In 1948, the board of Columbia University agreed to a unique arrangement for a university president that allowed Eisenhower to spend much of his time working on behalf of The American Assembly. In his book, At Ease: Stories I Tell to Friends, Eisenhower wrote that his inspiration for the Assembly went back to his concerns about how to resolve the enormous social, economic, and political quandaries thrust upon the nation after World War II. He came to believe that by marshalling the intellectual power across a range of sectors, thoughtful men and women could address difficult problems and identify wise solutions. This idea captivated him and was an absorbing pursuit throughout his first year as Columbia president. His conviction that imaginative and profound thought could help to resolve national public policy concerns became the framework for a new organization that he christened “The American Assembly.” He gave it the short mandate “to illuminate issues of national policy.” 
In the late 1940s only a handful of public policy institutions existed and structured conferences were a new and evolving form of exchange for the citizenry. Since its inaugural program, The American Assembly has initiated hundreds of national projects and many more subsequent programs throughout the United States and the world. Over the years the Assembly has perfected a technique allowing thousands of participants representing a range of views, interests, and backgrounds to come together to discuss major public policy issues and work out wise solutions. The American Assembly has met Eisenhower’s goals by sponsoring research on a vast range of topics, domestic and foreign, organizing meetings, issuing reports of findings and recommendations, and by commissioning books. Through its published reports and books, it has provided leading law, policy, and decision makers and the general public, schools, and other educational institutions with materials for their own Assembly projects. The Assembly maintains ongoing relationships with a number of institutions that hold their own American Assemblies, such as the U.S. Air Force Academy, which has cosponsored an annual Academy Assembly since 1959. The Assembly has also spawned several autonomous institutions that have been founded following co-sponsoring Assembly programs.
The American Assembly has engaged in issues that range from business, arts and culture, and philanthropy, to the economy, education, race, religion, and security. Notable recent projects include “The Future of the Western Hemisphere: A Shared Vision Toward 2015,” “Art, Technology, and Intellectual Property,” “The Future of the Accounting Profession,” “The Creative Campus,” “Retooling for Growth: Building a 21st Century Economy in America’s Older Industrial Areas,” and “The Next Generation Project: U.S. Global Policy and the Future of International Institutions.”
In 2006, The American Assembly’s Next Generation Project set out to discover fresh perspectives about U.S. global policy by identifying and engaging the best emerging young talent from a wide range of vocations and regions of the country growing in economic and political importance. The American Assembly convened three-day meetings in Dallas for the Southwest, San Diego for the West Coast, Denver for the Mountain States, and Chicago for the Midwest. Nearly three hundred of the country’s brightest emerging leaders with a diverse range of views and interests, and from multiple professional, geographic, and demographic backgrounds, were identified as Next Generation Project Fellows and participated in the Assemblies. Young businessmen and women from cutting edge biotech and information technology firms, leaders from NGOs, the media, religious organizations, and the military actively participated. Rising stars from the UN, the IMF, and the World Bank, and decision makers from the Department of State, the Department of Defense, and the National Security Council all participated as well as political leaders from the state and local level. A National Assembly primarily drawing on fellows from preceding Assemblies was held in Washington, DC as the culminating program in the series. The success of the project is marked by the continued interest of its fellows network and an expanding consortium of partner institutions.

</doc>
<doc id="19424752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424752" title="Canoeing at the 1972 Summer Olympics – Men's slalom K-1">
Canoeing at the 1972 Summer Olympics – Men's slalom K-1

These are the results of the men's K-1 slalom competition in canoeing at the 1972 Summer Olympics. The K-1 (kayak single) event is raced by one-man kayaks through a whitewater course. The venue for the 1972 Olympic competition was in Augsburg.
Results.
The 37 competitors each took two runs through the whitewater slalom course on August 28. The best time of the two runs counted for the event.

</doc>
<doc id="19424800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424800" title="UniPro">
UniPro

UniProSM (or Unified Protocol) is a high-speed interface technology for interconnecting integrated circuits in mobile phones or comparable products. The various versions of the UniPro standard are created within the MIPI® Alliance.
The UniPro technology and associated physical layers aim to provide high-speed data communication (gigabits/second), low-power operation (low swing signaling, standby modes), low pin count (serial signaling, multiplexing), small silicon area (small packet sizes), data reliability (differential signaling, error recovery) and robustness (proven networking concepts, including congestion management).
UniPro versions 1.0, 1.1 and 1.4x concentrate on enabling high-speed point to point communication between chips in mobile phones. UniPro has provisions for supporting networks consisting of up to 128 UniPro devices (integrated circuit, modules, etc.). Network features are planned in future UniPro releases. In such a networked environment, pairs of UniPro devices are interconnected via so-called links while data packets are routed toward their destination by UniPro switches. These switches are analogous to the routers used in wired LAN based on gigabit Ethernet. But unlike a LAN, the UniPro technology was designed to connect chips within a mobile terminal, rather than to connect computers within a building.
History and aims.
The initiative to develop the UniPro standard came forth out of a pair of research projects at respectively Nokia Research Center and Philips Research. Both teams independently arrived at the conclusion that the complexity of mobile systems could be reduced by splitting the system design into well-defined functional modules interconnected by a network. 
The key assumptions here were thus that the networking paradigm gave modules well-structured, layered interfaces and that it was time to improve the system architecture of mobile systems to make their hardware- and software design more modular. In other words, the goals were to counteract the rising development costs, development risks and time-to-market impact of increasingly complex system integration.
In 2004, both companies jointly founded what is now MIPI's UniPro Working Group. Such multi-company collaboration was considered essential to achieve interoperability between components from different component vendors and to achieve the necessary scale to drive the new technology.
The name of both the working group and the standard, UniPro, reflects the need to support a wide range of modules and wide range of data traffic using a single protocol stack. Although other connectivity technologies (SPI, PCI, USB) exist which also support a wide range of applications, it should be noted that the inter-chip interfaces in the mobile device industry are still generally proprietary and very diverse. This situation thus differs significantly from the (in this respect more mature) computer industry.
The final draft of Version 1.1 of the UniPro specification was completed in July 2009. Its acknowledgements list 42 engineers from 15 companies and organizations: Arasan, Broadcom, Freescale, IEEE-ISTO, Infineon, Motorola, Nokia, NXP, Qualcomm, Research in Motion, ST-Ericsson, St. Petersburg University, Testronic Laboratories, Texas Instruments, and Toshiba. In January 2011, UniPro Version 1.40 was completed. Its main purpose is full support for a new Physical Layer: M-PHY® including support for power modes change and peer device configuration. In July 2012 UniPro v1.40 has been upgraded to UniPro v1.41 to support the newer higher speed M-PHY v2.0. The UniPro v1.4x specifications have been released together with a formal specification model (SDL).
To date, several vendors have announced the availability of UniPro IP blocks and various chip suppliers have created implementations that are at various phases of development. In the meantime, the MIPI UniPro Working Wroup is setting up a conformance test suite and is preparing future extensions of the technology (see UniPro Versions and Roadmap).
Layered architecture.
UniPro associated with its underlying PHY layer is a layered protocol stack that covers layers L1 to L4 of the OSI Reference Model for networking. UniPro introduces an extra layer L1.5 between L1 and L2 which can be regarded as a sub-layer of OSI's layer L1.
Multiple applications.
UniPro's strict layering enables it to be used for a wide range of applications:
Alternative physical layers.
UniPro's layered architecture also allows it to support multiple physical layer (L1, PHY) technologies even within a single network. This is analogous to TCP/IP which can run on a wide range of lower-layer technologies. In the case of UniPro, two PHY technologies are supported for off-chip use.
UniPorts.
These PHY technologies are covered in separate MIPI specifications (which are referenced by the UniPro specification. Note that the term UniPort is used to represent the actual port on a chip which conforms to the UniPro specification for its upper layers (L1.5 to 4) and a MIPI PHY specification for L1. As there are two PHY technologies, these are respectively known as UniPort-D (UniPro with D-PHY) and UniPort-M (UniPro with M-PHY).
Phased roadmap.
The UniPro 1.0 specification was approved by the MIPI Board of Directors on January 14, 2008. UniPro 1.1, that was completed in July 2009, aims to improve readability, provides a reference model (in SDL) for two of the four UniPro protocol layers, and provides features to facilitate automated conformance testing.
The architects designing UniPro intended from the start to release the technology as a step-wise roadmap with backward compatibility. UniPro 1.1 is designed to be fully backwards compatible with UniPro 1.0. The main purpose of UniPro 1.40 and UniPro v1.41 (UniPro v1.4x) is to support an additional physical layer, the M-PHY. Furthermore, UniPort-M features local and remote control of a peer UniPro device that can be used for example to control various supported power modes of the link.
Planned roadmap steps beyond UniPro v1.4x aim to provide specifications for network-capable endpoint and network switch devices.
Scope and applicability.
UniPro and its underlying physical layer were designed to support low power operation needed for battery-operated systems. These features range from power-efficient high-speed operation to added low-power modes during idle or low bandwidth periods on the network. Actual power behavior is, however, highly dependent on system design choices and interface implementation.
The UniPro protocol can support a wide range of applications and associated traffic types. Example chip-to-chip interfaces encountered in mobile systems:
Note that such applications require an application protocol layer on top of UniPro to define the structure and semantics of the byte streams transported by UniPro. These can be done by simply porting existing data formats (e.g. tracing, pixel streams, IP packets), introducing new proprietary formats (e.g. chip-specific software drivers) or defining new industry standards (e.g. UFS for memory-like transactions).
Applications which are currently believed to be less suitable for UniPro are:
Protocol stack architecture.
The UniPro protocol stack follows the classical OSI reference architecture (ref). For practical reasons, OSI's Physical Layer is split into two sub-layers: Layer 1 (the actual physical layer) and Layer 1.5 (the PHY Adapter layer) which abstracts from differences between alternative Layer 1 technologies.
The UniPro specification itself covers Layers 1.5, 2, 3, 4 and the DME (Device Management Entity). The Application Layer (LA) is out of scope because different uses of UniPro will require different LA protocols. The Physical Layer (L1) is covered in separate MIPI specifications in order to allow the PHY to be reused by other (less generic) protocols if needed.
Note that OSI Layers 5 (Session) and 6 (Presentation) are, where applicable, counted as part of the Application Layer.
The various layers and their features are described in more detail on a dedicated Wikipedia page.
Discussion of value proposition.
UniPro and system integration.
UniPro is specifically targeted by MIPI to simplify the creation of increasingly complex products. This implies a relatively long-term vision about future handset architectures composed of modular subsystems interconnected via stable, standardized, but flexible network interfaces. It also implies a relatively long-term vision about the expected or desired structure of the mobile handset industry, whereby components can readily interoperate and components from competing suppliers are to some degree plug compatible. 
Similar architectures have emerged in other domains (e.g. automotive networks, largely standardized PC architectures, IT industry around the Internet protocols) for similar reasons of interoperability and economy of scale. It is nevertheless too early to predict how rapidly UniPro will be adopted by the mobile phone industry.
High bandwidth and costs.
High speed interconnects like UniPro, USB or PCI Express typically cost more than low speed interconnects (e.g. I2C, SPI or simple CMOS interfaces). This is for example because of the silicon area occupied by the required mixed-signal circuitry (Layer 1), as well as due to the complexity and buffer space required to automatically correct bit errors. UniPro's cost and complexity may thus be an issue for certain low bandwidth UniPro devices.
Note that UniPro 1.1 provides a new option to reduce buffering costs in basic devices which do not require dual priority levels for user data. Similarly the M-PHY specification plans to provide another cost-down option by allowing medium-speed UniPro devices to implement only a medium-speed subset of the M-PHY.
Adoption rate.
As Metcalfe postulated, the value of a network technology scales with the square of the number of devices which use that technology. This makes any new cross-vendor interconnect technology only as valuable as the commitment of its proponents and the resulting likelihood that the technology will become self-sustaining. Although UniPro is backed by a number of major companies (including market leader Nokia), it will take a few more years before it is clear whether or not the technology becomes successful. Although the UniPro incubation time is more or less in line with comparable technologies (USB, Internet Protocol, Bluetooth, in-vehicle networks), adoption rate is presumed to be main concern about the technology - especially because the mobile industry has virtually no track record on hardware standards which pertain to the internals of the product.
Availability of application protocols.
Interoperability requires more than just alignment between the peer UniPro devices on protocol layer L1-L4: it also means aligning on more application-specific data formats, commands and their meaning, and other protocol elements. This is a known intrinsically unsolvable problem in all design methodologies: you can agree on standard and reusable "plumbing" (lower hardware/software/network layers), but that doesn't automatically get you alignment on the detailed semantics of even a trivial command like ChangeVolume(value) or the format of a media stream.
Practical approaches thus call for a mix of several approaches:
Licensing.
The Membership Agreement of the MIPI Alliance specifies the licensing conditions for MIPI specifications for member companies. Royalty-free licensing conditions apply within the main target domain of the MIPI Alliance, mobile phones and their peripherals, whereas RAND licensing conditions apply in all other domains.

</doc>
<doc id="19424802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424802" title="Church Road railway station">
Church Road railway station

Church Road railway station was a railway station in Edgbaston, Birmingham, England, on the Midland Railway's Birmingham West Suburban Railway. The station operated between 1875 and 1925, before closing due to lack of patronage.

</doc>
<doc id="19424808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424808" title="92d Air Refueling Squadron">
92d Air Refueling Squadron

The 92d Air Refueling Squadron (92 ARS) is part of the 92d Air Refueling Wing at Fairchild Air Force Base, Washington.
Mission.
The squadron operates the KC-135 Stratotanker aircraft conducting aerial refueling missions.
History.
World War II.
Established as a B-18 Bolo reconnaissance squadron; assigned to Third Air Force although stationed in California for maritime patrol duty off the west coast. Deployed to Louisiana after the Attack on Pearl Harbor, engaged in antisubmarine patrols over the Gulf of Mexico.
Redesignated as the 392d Bombardment Squadron in April 1942, returned to California and flew antisubmarine patrols off the west coast while also conducting replacement training from, January 1942–c. July 1943 .
Re-equipped with Very Long Range (VLR) B-24 Liberators and deployed to the Central Pacific in November 1943 to take part in the island hopping campaign. Moved to Funafuti Airfield, Nanumea in the Gilbert Islands. Mounted bombing raids against enemy installations on those islands. It also raided airfields in the Marshall Islands to help prevent the launching of Japanese planes against the amphibious assault on Tarawa.
Staging through the recently captured Tarawa and Mankin Islands, the squadron attacked several atolls in the Marshalls, including Kwajalein. Between November 14, 1943 and April 1, 1944, the squadron carried out bombing missions over the Marshall Islands and participated in the actual invasion of Kwajalein in February 1944.
As the war moved closer to Japan, the squadron attacked Truk. The 392d also bombed Wake Island, Guam, Saipan, and harassed other islands in the Carolines and Marianas, bypassed by American amphibious forces.
In August 1944, the squadron moved to East Field, Saipan in the Mariana Islands. During the next six months, the 38th conducted intensive bombing strikes against airfields and shipping at Bonin and Volcano Islands, Iwo Jima, ChiChi Jima, and Yap. Its final bombing mission was at Iwo Jima on February 19, 1945, the same day three Marine divisions invaded the island.
In March 1945, the 392d returned to Hawaii on the popular but mistaken rumor that it was to be reequipped with B-32 Dominators. Instead, many of the crews and planes were reassigned to the 11th Bombardment Group and subsequently served with it. The remaining elements waited out the war conducting training sorties and routine patrols. Inactivated on 20 March 1946.
Cold War.
The 92d Air Refueling Squadron was activated on 1 July 1957 when it assumed the mission, personnel, and aircraft of the inactivating 506th Air Refueling Squadron as Strategic Air Command transferred the 42d Air Division and its fighter resources at Bergstrom Air Force Base to Tactical Air Command.
Has flown worldwide air refueling since reactivation. It furnished tankers and crews to support combat in Southeast Asia between 1965 and 1975 and to Southwest Asia from, 15 August 1990–15 April 1991.
Operation Enduring Freedom.
The 92nd ARS deployed crews to Transit Center at Manas, Kyrgyzstan from 2001 until 2014 when it was shut down.

</doc>
<doc id="19424821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424821" title="Gallium (disambiguation)">
Gallium (disambiguation)

Gallium is a chemical element.
Gallium may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19424822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424822" title="Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1893–1897">
Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1893–1897

This is a list of members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly between the 19 December 1893 election and the 20 January 1897 election.
Party affiliations were relatively loose during the period. In the table below, "Ministerial" relates to supporters of Henry Dobson, who served as Premier of Tasmania until 14 April 1894, and "Liberal" refers to an opposition group which came to support Sir Edward Braddon, who served as Premier for the rest of the term. 

</doc>
<doc id="19424826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424826" title="Christian Chamorel">
Christian Chamorel

Christian Chamorel (born in Lausanne, 1979) is a Swiss pianist.
He was trained at Lausanne, Munich and Zürich's Conservatories, graduating in 2004 and 2006; while a student he was prized by the Yamaha, Leenaards and Kiefer Hablitzel foundations. He has performed through Western Europe since. Chamorel had his recording debut in 2005 with a Franz Liszt monographic; that same year he was prized by Geneva's Societé des Arts.
Chamorel teaches at the Conservatoire de musique de Genève since September 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19424839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424839" title="Founder's Badge (Boys' Brigade in Malaysia)">
Founder's Badge (Boys' Brigade in Malaysia)

The Founder's Award (also known as Founder's Badge) is the highest award attainable in the Senior Section Programme of the Boys' Brigade in Malaysia Those who attain this award are called a "Founder's Man". In countries where Queen Elizabeth II is head of state, the equivalent award is the Queen's Badge, and accordingly the members attaining the award are known as Queen's Man. First introduced in 1962, the Founder's Award remains an extremely exclusive award for Malaysian Boys' Brigade members, with less than 250 members in the whole country achieving the Award from its inception until today. The title of Founder's Man is held for life, but the Badge itself may only be worn while serving as a Non-Commissioned Officer (NCO), a Staff-Sergeant, or a Primer. 
The Badge is cast from unpolished copper, giving it a bronze appearance, and is relatively heavy compared to other badges. The border of the Badge bears the words "Founder's Badge , The Boys' Brigade" and the BB Emblem on top. In the centre of the badge, there is the image of the Boys' Brigade Founder, Sir William Alexander Smith
Requirements include earning at least the rank of Lance-Corporal, 5 years of service in the Senior Section and/or Primer Section of the Boys' Brigade, attained the President's Award, and nomination from the Officer's Council. (These are the requirements for the award in Malaysia - the requirements vary from country to country, most notably in Singapore where the most prestigious BB award is the President's Award rather than the Founder's Badge although the Founder's Badge is one of their awards) The winners of the Founder's Award represent the ideal Brigade Boy, who has embraced the BB Method of Discipline and Religion as twin pillars, as well as exhibited a wholesome development in the four aspects of the BB, which are Social, Spiritual, Educational and Physical.

</doc>
<doc id="19424847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424847" title="South African presidential election, 2008">
South African presidential election, 2008

An indirect presidential election was held in South Africa on 25 September 2008 following the resignation of the President Thabo Mbeki. The ruling party, the African National Congress (ANC), with a two-thirds majority in the National Assembly of South Africa, elected Kgalema Motlanthe as President. The ANC indicated that Motlanthe would be a "caretaker" president until the 2009 election, after which ANC President Jacob Zuma would take office.
Jacob Zuma's election as ANC President.
Candidature for ANC President.
In terms of party tradition, as the deputy president of the ANC, Zuma was in line to succeed Mbeki as president of the ANC, and, by implication, the President of South Africa in 2009. Zuma was elected as President of the ANC on 18 December 2007 with 2329 votes to Mbeki's 1505 votes, making him the clear favorite to become the next President of South Africa following the 2009 general election, since Mbeki was constitutionally unable to run again.
On 28 December 2007, the Scorpions served Zuma an indictment to stand trial in the High Court on various counts of racketeering, money laundering, corruption and fraud linked to the $5bn arms procurement deal by the South African government in 1999. The trial was to proceed on 4 August 2008. Zuma applied to the High Court to have the charges against him declared unlawful. Zuma's application was successful, and the ruling made inferences of political interference by Mbeki and others in Zuma's prosecution.
Resignation of Mbeki.
As a result of the judge's inferences that Mbeki had interfered in Zuma's prosecution, the ANC National Executive Committee's decided to withdraw parliamentary support for Mbeki. Without that support, Mbeki formally announced his resignation on 21 September 2008. Parliament convened on 22 September and accepted the resignation with effect from 25 September, with 299 votes in favour to 10 against.
In cases of such a void in the presidency, the constitution requires that the replacement elected by parliament to serve as the interim president until the next general election must be either the Deputy President, the Speaker of Parliament, or a Member of Parliament. ANC president Jacob Zuma was not eligible as he did not hold any of those positions at the time. Deputy President Phumzile Mlambo-Ngcuka was not supported by parliament, apparently due to her close ties to Mbeki and because her husband, Bulelani Ngcuka was involved in the decision to charge Zuma with corruption. Zuma said that the deputy president of the ANC, Kgalema Motlanthe, would become acting president until the 2009 general elections: "I am convinced - if given that responsibility - he (Motlanthe) would be equal to the task." This was confirmed by the ANC.
Election.
In the parliamentary election, the ANC nominated Motlanthe, while the official opposition Democratic Alliance nominated Joe Seremane, its party chairman. Motlanthe was elected with 269 votes out of 361 cast to Seremane's 50.

</doc>
<doc id="19424884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424884" title="The Night Sessions">
The Night Sessions

The Night Sessions is a 2008 novel by Ken MacLeod. Set in the year 2037, the novel follows Edinburgh police officers investigating the murder of a priest in a world in which religious believers are a small and marginalized minority. The novel won the British Science Fiction Award for Best Novel in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19424885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424885" title="Sabatier (disambiguation)">
Sabatier (disambiguation)

Sabatier or sabattier can refer to:
Notes.
Near the end of 1860 Sabatier published a process for obtaining direct positives. The author's name was erroneously written with a double t. The effect which was arguably named after him is since then known as the Sabattier effect. 

</doc>
<doc id="19424887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424887" title="Bauhaus discography">
Bauhaus discography

The discography of Bauhaus, a British gothic rock band, consists of five studio albums, four live albums, three compilation albums, four extended plays (EPs), eleven singles and three video albums. The band was formed in Northampton in 1978 by Daniel Ash (guitar), David J (bass), Kevin Haskins (drums) and Peter Murphy (vocals).
Released in August 1979 on Small Wonder Records, Bauhaus's debut single—the nine-minute-long "Bela Lugosi's Dead"—failed to make the UK Singles Chart. The band signed with 4AD in 1980 and released three more singles, all of which failed to chart. They also released their debut album, "In the Flat Field", in 1980 and this became the band's first release to chart when it reached number seventy-two on the UK Albums Chart. After changing labels in 1981 to Beggars Banquet Records, the band made the UK Singles Chart for the first time with "Kick in the Eye", which reached number fifty-nine.
Their follow-up single, "The Passion of Lovers", reached number fifty-six. After the band's second album, "Mask" (1981), reached number thirty on the UK Albums Chart, the next two singles failed to reach the Top 40 of the UK Singles Chart. October 1982 saw the band's highest showing in the UK Singles Chart when they released a cover version of David Bowie's "Ziggy Stardust", which reached number fifteen—as well as reaching number thirteen on the Irish Singles Chart. Also released in October 1982, "The Sky's Gone Out" reached number four on the UK Albums Chart. The band released two more singles and an album in 1983, all of which failed to capitalise on the success of their releases in late 1982, before disbanding.
After disbanding, all four members of Bauhaus undertook various solo projects before Ash, David J and Kevin Haskins reformed as Love and Rockets in 1985. Bauhaus reformed for the Resurrection Tour in 1998 and for a one-off concert in April 2005. Another reunion tour followed towards the end of 2005, before work started on a new album "Go Away White", released in March 2008. The album charted poorly, only reaching number 120 on the UK Albums Chart, but gave the band their first entry for a studio album on the U.S. "Billboard" 200 when it reached number 105. Following the release of the album, Bauhaus disbanded again.

</doc>
<doc id="19424900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424900" title="Solidarity (South African trade union)">
Solidarity (South African trade union)

Solidarity () is a South African trade union that negotiates on behalf of its members and attempts to protect workers' rights. Although the union is often involved in issues of policial import, it does not align or formally affiliate itself with any political party. Solidarity is a trade union within the Christian tradition of unionism. This differentiates it from the majority of other South African trade unions that have socialist ideologies. Solidarity has a broader focus than workers' rights and includes defending civil rights for its members.
The union has positioned itself as a vehicle for minorities in South Africa to have their voices heard. Its membership is mainly, but not exclusively white people.
History.
Solidarity is one of the oldest independent trade unions in South Africa. Its origins go back to 1902 and the mines on the Witwatersrand. The current union emerged from the Mine Workers' Union in the 1990s. During this time, several other unions, including the South African Workers' Union, joined forces with the Mine Workers' Union. The union's name was first changed to MWU-Solidarity and later to just "Solidarity".
In 1997, when Solidarity's current general secretary, Flip Buys, was appointed, the union was in dire financial straits. The extreme right-wing views associated with the union had led to a dramatic decline in popularity and membership: the union had only about 30 000 members left at that stage. Since the beginning of Flip Buys' term, the membership has increased to more than 130 000. The union has more than 17 offices throughout the country and a staff complement of about 300 serve the members. The union also has about 2 000 shop stewards at different companies.
Solidarity affiliated with the Confederation of South African Workers' Unions (CONSAWU) in 2006. Through this affiliation Solidarity is represented at the International Trade Union Confederation (ITUC). Through membership of ITUC, the union gains access to labour dialogue at an international level.
Core labour union functions.
Solidarity is organised in the aviation, chemical, professional services, telecommunication, electrical, metal and engineering, mining, medical and agricultural sectors.
Solidarity's legal division with 34 staff members is the largest of its kind at any labour union in South Africa. The union represents its members in CCMA cases as well as in cases brought before the Labour Court.
Aviation, chemical, and professional services sector.
This sector, which combines Solidarity's chemical and general sectors, has shown a steep rise in membership. Solidarity represents employees in the chemical industry at companies like Sasol, PetroSA, AEL and in the glass industry. In the aviation sector Solidarity is mainly involved at Airlink, Air Traffic Navigation Services and SAA Technical. Solidarity professional services represents members at a large number of diverse companies that are involved in everything from agricultural research, universities and colleges to companies in the financial sector. At the moment (2009) growth is strongly focused in the medical sector where the union focuses specifically on nursing personnel.
Metal and engineering sector.
The metal and engineering sector is the sector that accounts for the largest chunk of Solidarity's membership. The union is organised at companies like ArcelorMittal, Denel and Highveld Steel.
Mining and agricultural sector.
Solidarity is rooted in the mining industry, as its origins lie in the Mine Workers' Union that was founded in 1913. Solidarity is active in the gold, platinum, copper, chrome, coal, iron ore, other base metals and the diamond mining sectors. Solidarity's agriculture arm is organised at all of the large agricultural co-operatives and agri-businesses, as well as at the large cement producers in the country.
Electrical and telecommunication sector.
Solidarity is organised in this sector, mainly at the national electricity provider, Eskom and at the large telecommunication company, Telkom. Solidarity takes part in the debate about the shortage of electricity in South Africa and the skills shortages at Eskom.
Litigation.
In 2013, Solidarity sued the Department of Correctional Services on behalf of one white and four coloured Correctional Services officials in the Western Cape who alleged they were denied promotions due to the department's employment equity policy. The department set its employment equity targets based on national demographics, but
coloured and white people make up 49% and 16% of the population of the Western Cape respectively, while each form only 9% of the national population. This makes it more difficult for white and coloured employees in the Western Cape to gain promotions than a policy which set different employment equity targets for each province. Solidarity called the policy "irrational".
Another five applicants were later added to the case.
The ANC in the Western Cape called the suit an "attack on employment equity", and accused the applicants of "stirring up racial antagonism between Africans and coloureds".
Additional operations.
Solidarity Helping Hand.
The Solidarity Helping Hand is a social responsibility function that, though started by Solidarity, is an independent entity that functions on its own, separate from the union. It does however receive financial support from the union's members. It is registered as a Section 21 company (not-for-profit). It focuses specifically on supporting communities that have limited access to state support. The two areas where the Helping Hand operates intensively is Pretoria and environs and in Cape Town. Nevertheless, the Helping Hand actively expands into many other areas. As of June 2010, there were 32 other smaller regional branches throughout the country. The Helping Hand focuses on assisting destitute Afrikaans-speaking people, but not to the exclusion of individuals from other cultural groups.
The Helping Hand has five main projects: A bursary scheme, an emergency fund, child projects, donations of living essentials and feeding schemes. Helping Hand requires millions of rands each year to keep these social support projects running. The money is received mainly from individuals, but also partly from donations by companies.
During 2007, more than R1 million was disbursed in the form of bursaries to 100 students. In 2008, the Helping Hand also took control of the administration of the Rapport Education Fund ("Rapport Onderwysfonds").
AfriForum.
AfriForum, an independent initiative of Solidarity, is a non-profit institution that strives to counteract what it sees as the active and passive withdrawal of minorities from public affairs in South Africa, and claims to represent minorities in South Africa in public fora.
AfriForum's Charter states, "We, the compilers and supporters of this charter, exercise the deliberate choice to lead a meaningful existence as Afrikaners, with our deeply-rooted foundation at the southernmost tip of Africa. We know no other home."
AfriForum launches campaigns for the protection and expansion of civil rights, as described in the Constitution of South African and in international conventions on the collective rights of minority communities. Specific issues on which AfriForum has expressed concern include what it sees as: increasingly racial thinking by government, political meddling in sports, ideologically and racially driven policies on multilingualism, crime and the haphazard changing of placenames.
The Growthfund.
Solidarity started the Growthfund in 2008 with the objective of collecting R100 million for the empowerment of the Afrikaans community. The eventual goal is to collect more than R500 million from the Afrikaans community, for the Afrikaans community. Solidarity's members also each contribute around R10 per month to the fund as part of their membership dues.
At the moment, the Growthfund's projects focus on training and education. A new Afrikaans technical college (an expanded version of Sol-Tech), the largest Afrikaans correspondence-college in South Africa and a multi-million rand bursary fund for scarce and critical skills are planned for the future. Solidarity bases the Growthfund project on the Helpmekaar (English: "Help one another") movement of 1916, the Reddingsdaadbond that followed, the Economic Congresses and the founding of many companies like Santam, Sanlam and Volkskas that, historically, were Afrikaner-empowerment projects.
Sol-Tech.
In 2006 Solidarity started an Afrikaans technical college in Centurion. This college offers young people training in technical areas like vehicle mechanics, electronics, fitting and turning, and others. The college has since moved to larger premises in Hermanstad in Pretoria West and has been able to enroll more students than before.
Express Employment Professionals.
Solidarity owns several franchises of Express Employment Professionals, an international personnel agency. This enables the union to attempt to find work for its members who are without jobs.

</doc>
<doc id="19424901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424901" title="Ieva Tāre">
Ieva Tāre

Ieva Tāre (born March 15, 1974 in Riga) is a Latvian women's basketball player with SK Cēsis and Latvia women's national basketball team.
Tāre was trained by the current Latvian national women's team coach Ainars Zvirgzdiņš since her school years. She joined SK Cēsis, her current team, in 2008 shortly after the end of the 2008 Summer Olympics. Previously she had played for TTT/Rīga, as well as several other local and foreign clubs before 2000. In the early 1990s, Tāre turned down an offer to play in the United States due to her poor English skills.
Tāre is married to a former Latvian national rugby team player named Juris. From December 2005 to March 2007 Tāre did not play due to pregnancy and care for her newborn son, Emīls. She turned down an offer from SK Cēsis and returned to TTT/Rīga afterwards.
Tāre has played for the Latvian women's national basketball team in three EuroBasket Women championships, including the 2007 championship where she assisted the team in its way to the 4th place. In total she has represented the team in more than a hundred games. She has also represented the USSR women's U-16 national team and became the European U-16 champion. The championship was held in Portugal.
During the qualification for 2008 Summer Olympics, in the final game versus Angola, Tāre suffered a serious arm injury, later confirmed to be both a broken arm and a dislocated elbow. She was rushed off court by the medical team. Thanks to a speedy recovery programme she was able to play in the Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="19424928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424928" title="Granville Street railway station">
Granville Street railway station

Granville Street railway station was a railway station in Birmingham, England. It was the original terminus of the Midland Railway's Birmingham West Suburban Railway. The station operated between 1875 and 1885. It was deemed to be too far from the city centre to be used as a terminus, and was closed when the BWSR was extended to New Street on a new alignment which bypassed it. Most traces of the station were removed by 1887 when the now spur line was extended to create Central Goods railway station.

</doc>
<doc id="19424929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424929" title="HBO Canada">
HBO Canada

HBO Canada is a Canadian premium cable and satellite television channel that is primarily devoted to original programming and special events sourced from the HBO and Cinemax subscription services in the United States, as well as domestic motion pictures.
HBO Canada is not available as a standalone channel, but as one multiplex channel within two regional premium television services: The Movie Network (TMN), which is available in Eastern Canada, and Movie Central, which is offered in Western and Northern Canada. Territorial broadcast rights to HBO Canada by either service within the provinces are separated at the Ontario-Manitoba border (Movie Central holds rights to the west of that border and TMN holds rights to the east of the border).
As different multiplex channels of a single pay service cannot have separate sets of owners, each service's parent company (Bell Media for TMN, Corus Entertainment for Movie Central) officially retains full ownership of the HBO Canada channel in their respective territories. However, in practice the channel is jointly managed by both companies, and thus the HBO Canada schedule is common to both services, except that TMN's feed of the channel operates on an Eastern Time Zone schedule while Movie Central feeds the same programming two hours later on Mountain Time. Time Warner, the parent company of HBO and Cinemax, is not a shareholder in HBO Canada, and only licenses the name, logo and programming to Bell and Corus. 
History.
On September 22, 2008, The Movie Network and Movie Central announced that the two networks would jointly begin offering a dedicated HBO multiplex channel (in both standard definition and high definition formats), which would debut on October 30. For TMN subscribers, HBO Canada replaced MMore and MMore HD, while for Movie Central subscribers, HBO Canada replaced Movie Central 4 and Movie Central 1 HD. The channel was originally a joint venture between then-owner of The Movie Network, Astral Media and Movie Central owner Corus Entertainment, which held the rights to telecast HBO Canada in the designated service areas of their respectively owned pay services.
Although some HBO programming had already aired in Canada on pay services such as TMN and Movie Central and/or basic cable specialty channels such as Showcase, many other programs from the network were not previously widely available in Canada; the new channel was created with the intention to fill the gap. Original programming from HBO's sister service Cinemax have also been broadcast at times, particularly action series that Cinemax has aired since broadening its series programming content to include mainstream original series in August 2011 (prior to this, Cinemax's series programming consisted only of softcore pornographic programs). Some HBO series already carried by TMN or Movie Central were initially simulcast on their respective main channels, but shortly thereafter HBO programming became exclusive to HBO Canada, as opposed to any of the other multiplex channels of TMN or Movie Central. 
A selection of Canadian films and series also airs to satisfy Canadian content requirements, and programs from other U.S. sources to which TMN and Movie Central both own rights (such as HBO and Cinemax competitor Showtime) may air as well at times. However, few feature films that had their original theatrical release in countries outside of Canada air on the channel, even when those movies air on HBO's main channel in the United States.
Unlike the other multiplex channels offered by TMN and Movie Central, the two timeshifted HBO Canada feeds (East/West), in both standard-definition and high-definition, are available nationally to those television providers who wish to carry them. The Movie Network and some service providers primarily serving Eastern Canada refer to the West feed as HBO Canada 2 on their websites; other service providers simply distinguish them as East or West feeds (Movie Central's website does not discuss the Eastern feed).
On March 4, 2013, the Competition Bureau approved the takeover of Astral Media by Bell Media. Bell filed a new application for the proposed takeover with the CRTC on March 6, 2013; the CRTC approved the merger on June 27, 2013, effectively turning over control of HBO Canada in Eastern Canada to Bell.
Related services.
HBO Canada HD.
HBO Canada HD is a high definition simulcast feed of HBO Canada that broadcasts in the 1080i resolution format. The channel launched its HD simulcast feed with the launch of the standard-definition feed on October 30, 2008. Among others, HBO Canada HD is currently carried regionally by satellite provider Bell TV, and cable providers Rogers Cable, Bell Fibe TV, Access Communications, Cogeco, Novus, Shaw Cable, Westman Communications, Source Cable, EastLink and Vidéotron.
HBO Canada On Demand.
HBO Canada operates a subscription video on demand service called HBO Canada On Demand, which is available at no additional charge to new and existing HBO Canada subscribers of The Movie Network and Movie Central. The HBO Canada On Demand service, which launched with the channel on October 30, 2008, offers program content available in standard or high definition including feature films, episodes of original series from TMN and Movie Central as well as imported series from American premium services HBO and Cinemax, and special behind-the-scenes features including interviews. HBO Canada On Demand's rotating program selection incorporates select new titles that are added each Friday, alongside existing program titles held over from the previous one to two weeks.
HBO GO Canada.
On February 27, 2013, The Movie Network launched HBO GO Canada as part of The Movie Network GO, a website and mobile app for the iPad, iPhone and iPod Touch; the service features program content available for streaming in standard or high definition. Content featured on the service includes original programming produced domestically by HBO Canada and acquired from HBO U.S. and its sister service Cinemax, along with movies, comedy specials, documentaries and sports programming. HBO GO and TMN GO were made available at launch to TMN subscribers Bell TV, Bell Fibe TV, and Cogeco Cable, and has since also been made available to Rogers Cable, Eastlink, and Source Cable customers. As with HBO Canada, Time Warner – whose co-owned premium services HBO and Cinemax brand their streaming services as HBO GO and Max GO – licenses the "GO" name and logo for the streaming services of HBO Canada and The Movie Network to Bell Media.
Movie Central offers similar web and mobile access to its programming (including HBO Canada series), but does so through websites and apps maintained by individual service providers, not by offering such an app directly. The only Movie Central-branded mobile apps currently available are in fact published by Shaw Communications (a sister company of Movie Central owner Corus Entertainment) and limited to its cable/satellite customers, though several other service providers offer this access through apps which provide content from multiple channels (such as Telus' Optik on the Go).
Programming.
Acquired programming.
HBO Canada carries the vast majority of original programming produced or distributed by HBO (U.S.), and certain original programs produced for Cinemax (such as "Strike Back"). In some cases, this has included older HBO movies and series no longer available through the American service, including "Mr. Show with Bob and David".
While HBO boxing coverage is carried on HBO Canada, several other HBO Sports programs are not seen on the channel, including "Real Sports with Bryant Gumbel" and "Hard Knocks". Some of these exclusions may be due to issues involving leagues or others rightsholders which sometimes retain international distribution rights. For example, the Canadian rights to "24/7 Red Wings/Maple Leafs: Road to the NHL Winter Classic" were sold separately by the NHL to Rogers-owned Sportsnet. "Hard Knocks", co-produced with the NFL, is believed to be in a similar situation.
Original programming.
Since the launch of HBO Canada, most of the Canadian series co-produced by The Movie Network and Movie Central have also begun airing primarily on the channel. Nonetheless, these shows are still indicated in introductory bumpers as being TMN / Movie Central original programs (as opposed to HBO Canada original programming).
Films.
HBO Canada airs a large selection of original films and documentaries produced by or for HBO, as well as Canadian films from various distributors to which both The Movie Network and Movie Central hold broadcast rights to help satisfy the channel's Canadian content obligations. 
The channel does not generally air any non-Canadian theatrically-released films. Most of the theatrical films aired by HBO and Cinemax in the U.S. are carried in Canada by the other TMN and Movie Central channels, though some (specifically films released by 20th Century Fox and its subsidiaries) are instead aired by competitor Super Channel.

</doc>
<doc id="19424965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424965" title="Introduced species of the British Isles">
Introduced species of the British Isles

Islands, such as the British Isles, can be adversely affected by the introduction of non-native species. Often an island will have several distinct species not present on the nearest mainland, and vice-versa. The native flora and fauna of islands which have been isolated for a longer period of time such as New Zealand or Hawaii (which have been isolated for millions of years) are more vulnerable than islands such as Britain and Ireland, which became isolated more recently (8,000 years ago at the end of the last ice age).
Many species have been introduced to Britain during historical times. Some species such as the midwife toad "(Alytes)", rainbow trout "(Oncorhynchus mykiss)", sweet chestnut "(Castanea sativa)" and horseradish "(Armoracia rusticana)" have been introduced with no adverse consequences. However, others such as the eastern grey squirrel "(Sciurus carolinensis)", signal crayfish "(Pacifastacus leniusculus)", and Japanese knotweed "(Fallopia japonica)" have had a severe impact both economically and ecologically.
Problems caused.
Economics.
In 2010 CABI (Centre for Agricultural Bioscience International) estimated that introduced species in United Kingdom cost £2 billion annually. The most costly species were listed as being the European rabbit and Japanese knotweed. The European rabbit, introduced to Britain in the 12th century, eats and therefore damages a wide variety of crops and cost the UK £263 million. Japanese knotweed, introduced as an ornamental garden plant in the late 19th century, the roots of which spread by underground rhizomes, can undermine and damage buildings, pavements and roads, cost £179 million.
Ecology.
Displacement of native species.
In addition to the economic costs incurred by management, some introduced fauna displace native species. This can occur by predation, competition for resources, or, the spread of disease.
Predation: American mink "(Neovison vison)", which either escaped or were released from fur farms, prey on native European water voles "(Arvicola amphibius)" and are drastically reducing their numbers. It was reported that since the late 1980s, 90% of the UK population of the European water vole has been lost, primarily due to displacement and predation by the American mink.
Resource competition: The introduced grey squirrel is larger and more aggressive than the native red squirrel "(Sciurus vulgaris)" and displaces the native squirrel by competing for food and habitat. Rose-ringed parakeet "(Psittacula krameri)" populations, originally an Afro-Asian parakeet, have become established in Britain from introduced and escaped birds. There are two main populations: the largest is based around south London, where they can be regularly seen in places such as Battersea Park, Richmond Park, and Greenwich Park; the smaller population can be seen in Surrey and Berkshire, and by 2005 consisted of many thousands of birds, known as the Kingston parakeets. These large parakeets displace native birds species by competing for roosts and nest sites.
Disease: Some introduced species carry diseases to which native species are suceptible. The grey squirrel is a carrier of the squirrel pox virus which kills red squirrels but not grey squirrels. The European crayfish is susceptible to crayfish plague which is spread by the introduced signal crayfish.
Unlike some other environmental problems such as pollution, the effect of an introduced species is not a single event. Once a species has been introduced to an island, the problems may persist and escalate as the species spreads further.
Environmental damage.
Coypus "(Myocastor coypus)", large semi-aquatic rodents native to South America, were introduced to the British Isles in 1929 when fur farms were set up in Sussex, Hampshire, Devon and Norfolk. The farms were sited mainly in lowland areas rich in rivers and streams. During the 1930s coypus escaped from captivity and despite repeated attempts to control them, they adapted well to the British habitat, breeding successfully in the countryside of East Anglia. Their habit of building large burrows in river banks caused great erosion damage and threatened the tourism industry where boating is a popular recreation, and caused great damage to drainage works. Coypu were declared to have been successfully eradicated in December 1989,[http://www.the-piedpiper.co.uk/th1f.htm]. but in 2012 a "giant rat" was killed in County Durham, and authorities suspected that the animal was, in fact, a coypu.
Management of introduced species.
Some species have adapted harmoniously into the ecology of the British Isles. For example, the Little Owl is not native to the British Isles but was first introduced in 1842, by Thomas Powys and is now naturalised there. However, the presence of some introduced species has proved disastrous for native flora and fauna.
Case studies of impact examples can be found at the Non-native Species Secretariat website.
Information on control methods for aquatic species can be found at the GB Non-native Species Secretariat website.
Example: Grey squirrel.
One notable example of a species introduced to the British Isles is the grey squirrel from North America, which out-competes the smaller native red squirrel, as well as carrying a virus that is fatal to the reds. The cost of attempting eradication was reported in 2010 to be £14 million. These attempts have been deemed unsuccessful and priority is now being given to preserving the remaining red squirrel habitats.
The following is a partial list of introduced species:

</doc>
<doc id="19424998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19424998" title="2008 Japan Super Series">
2008 Japan Super Series

The 2008 Japan Super Series is the seventh tournament of the 2008 BWF Super Series in badminton. It was held in Tokyo, Japan, from September 16 to September 21, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19425032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19425032" title="Aleksandra Žvirblytė">
Aleksandra Žvirblytė

Aleksandra Žvirblytė is a Lithuanian pianist.
She graduated at the Lithuanian Academy of Music, completing her studies in Russian (1989-1991), German and Swiss Conservatories. She has performed internationally since. She was awarded with, respectively, a 2nd and a 3rd prize in the 1986 (inter-republical) and 1991 (international) editions of the Ciurlionis competition, and in 1999 she won the Paris' Nikolay Rubinstein competition. 
Žvirblytė is an associated professor at the Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theatre. 
References.
Lietuvos Muzikos Atlikėjų Informacijos Centras

</doc>
<doc id="19425053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19425053" title="Blessing (Roman Catholic Church)">
Blessing (Roman Catholic Church)

Blessing in Roman Catholicism, in the narrow liturgical sense, is a rite consisting of a ceremony and prayers performed in the name and with the authority of the Church by a duly qualified minister by which persons or things are sanctified as dedicated to Divine service or by which certain marks of Divine favour are invoked upon them. In a wider sense blessing has a variety of meanings in the sacred writings: 
The Old Testament.
In the morning of Creation God blessed the living creatures that came from His hands, bidding them increase and multiply and fill the earth. When Noah emerged from the Ark, he received God's benediction, which he transmitted through his sons Shem and Japheth to posterity. The Old Testament shows that, in the patriarchal ages, heads of tribe and family seem privileged to bestow blessings, and priests when directed by God, administered it to the people. "Thus shall you bless the children of Israel... and the Lord will turn His countenance and give them peace". The great value attributed to blessings is seen in Rebecca's effort to secure Jacob's blessing for her son. It was regarded as a sure way to secure God's benevolence, peace and protection.
The Catechism of the Catholic Church states, "Every baptized person is called to be a 'blessing' and to bless. Hence lay people may preside at certain blessings; the more a blessing concerns ecclesial and sacramental life, the more its administration is reserved to the ordained ministry (bishops, priest, deacons)" 
Types.
Blessings may be divided into two classes, invocative and constitutive. The former are those in which Divine benignity is invoked to bring some temporal or spiritual good without changing their former condition. Of this kind are the blessings given to children, and to articles of food. The latter class permanently depute persons or things to Divine service by imparting to them some sacred character, by which they are held to assume a new and distinct spiritual relationship, conferring a sacredness so that they cannot be divested of their religious character or turned to profane uses. Such are the blessings given churches and chalices by their consecration. 
Theologians distinguish blessings of an intermediate sort, by which things are rendered special instruments of salvation without at the same time becoming irrevocably sacred, such as blessed salt, candles, etc.
Priestly blessing.
"Blessing" in the liturgical sense, is a rite consisting of a ceremony and prayers performed in the name and with the authority of the Church by a duly qualified minister by which persons or things are sanctified as dedicated to Divine service or by which certain marks of Divine favour are invoked upon them.
The adoption of this rite by Jesus and his followers ensured its adoption at a very early stage in the Church's history. Blessings, in the sense in which they are being considered, are entirely of ecclesiastical institution: the Church has confined their administration to those in sacerdotal orders. Priests are ordained ""that whatsoever they bless may be blessed, and whatsoever they consecrate shall be consecrated"." The only case in which one inferior to a priest may bless is when the deacon blesses a candle on Holy Saturday, acting as a deputy and employing incense already blessed by the celebrant. 
Some blessings are reserved to the Pope, some to bishops and some to parish priests. The first class includes the right to bless the pallium for archbishops, Agnus Deis, the Golden Rose, the Royal Sword and persons to whose blessing an indulgence is attached. He may depute others to give these. To bishops belongs the privilege of blessing abbots at their installation, priests at their ordination and virgins at their consecration; of blessing churches, cemeteries, oratories and all articles for use in connection with the altar, such as chalices, vestments and cloths, as well as military standards, soldiers, arms, and swords, and of imparting all blessings for which Holy Oils are required. Some of these may, on delegation, be performed by inferiors. Of the blessings which priests are generally empowered to grant, some are restricted to those who have external jurisdiction, like rectors or parish priests, and others are the exclusive prerogative of persons belonging to a religious order. An inferior cannot bless a superior or exercise ordinary powers in his presence. The priest, for instance, who is the principal celebrant of a Mass at which a bishop is present but is not the principal celebrant, is still not to give the final blessing without permission from the bishop.
Efficacy.
Blessings are not sacraments; they are not of Divine institution; they do not confer sanctifying grace; and they do not produce their effects in virtue of the rite itself. They are sacramentals and, as such, they are held to produce the following specific effects: 
All these effects are not necessarily inherent in any one blessing; some are caused by one formula, and others by another, nor are they infallibly produced. It depends altogether on the Church's suffrages that persons using the things blessed derive supernatural advantages. There is no reason to limit the miraculous interference of God to the early ages of the Church's history, and the Church never accepts these wonderful occurrences unless the evidence in support of their authenticity is absolutely unimpeachable. 
Instances are alleged in the lives of the saints where miracles have been wrought by the blessings of holy men and women.
Liturgy.
Before a minister gives any blessing he should first satisfy himself that he is qualified, either by his ordinary or delegated powers. For the simple blessings of the Ritual, a soutane, surplice, and stole of the requisite colour will usually be sufficient. A clerk should be at hand to carry the Holy Water or incense if required or to prepare a lighted candle. The blessings are ordinarily given in a church but if necessary they can be administered elsewhere and without any sacred vestment.
The Roman Ritual is a treasury of ecclesiastical blessings. The Missal, besides the blessing given at the end of Mass, contains only blessings associated with functions incidental to certain days of the year such as the blessing of palms and ashes. In the Pontifical are found the blessings that are performed "de jure" by bishops, such as blessing persons, kings, emperors, and princes at their coronation and the above-mentioned episcopal prerogatives.
Blessing people.
There is a blessing for the departure and return of pilgrims to the Holy Land, containing prayers and allusions to the Magi's journey, to Abraham setting his face towards the distant land of Canaan and to the Angel companion of the younger Tobias before an appeal to God to send solace on the journey, shade from heat, shelter in storms and a haven of safety. 
There follow blessings of persons with Holy Water before Mass, an adult who is sick, a number of sick people, a woman on the approach of confinement and another after childbirth, infants, children come to the use of reason or arrived at years of discretion, children on their presentation in Church, that they may lead good Christian lives and for boys and girls on the Feast of the Holy Infancy that they may grow up to imitate the virtues of the Saviour and reach salvation under His guidance.
Blessings for things.
The Catholic Church holds that things used in daily life, particularly in the service of religion, should be rescued from evil influences and endowed with a potency for good. The principal liturgical blessings recognized and sanctioned by Church are contained in the Roman Ritual and the Pontifical. 

</doc>
<doc id="19425078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19425078" title="Betty (comic strip)">
Betty (comic strip)

Betty is a Canadian comic strip written by Gary Delainey and drawn by Gerry Rasmussen. The comic is distributed by United Features Syndicate.
History.
Creators Gary Delainey and Gerry Rasmussen first collaborated on the comic strip "Bub Slug" in 1976. The character of Betty appeared in the strip, but was not seen regularly until 1985, when the "Edmonton Journal" began running a full-page weekly comic version of "Bub Slug." "Betty" became a stand-alone strip in 1991.
Issues covered.
Betty has covered some issues such as:

</doc>
<doc id="19425089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19425089" title="King James (horse)">
King James (horse)

King James (foaled 1905 in Kentucky) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse. Bred by one of America's most important breeders, John E. Madden, King James was the son of 1898 Kentucky Derby winner, Plaudit. Although burdened by a bad stride that limited his racing ability, King James still raced for five years, won a number of top events, and is acknowledged as the historical American Champion Older Male Horse of 1909.
Trained by John Madden, in 1907 King James faced stiff competition from future Hall of Fame inductee Colin. However, King James won the important Tremont Stakes and at age three was a top contender in New York racing. While his only significant win in 1908 came in the Annual Champion Stakes at the Sheepshead Bay Race Track, in other major events he ran second in the Travers Stakes, the Brooklyn Derby, and the Suburban Handicap plus earned thirds in the pre-Triple Crown Belmont Stakes, Withers Stakes and Brooklyn Handicap.
In 1909, John Madden sold King James to Sam Hildreth who began the year racing the four-year-old in California where he won three important Handicap races. Returning to the New York racing circuit, King James won the Brooklyn Handicap and the Metropolitan Handicap and in Toronto, Canada, the first of his two consecutive Toronto Cup Handicaps. Of his twelve starts that year, King James had ten wins and two seconds which earned him a historical Championship as the Top Handicap Male Horse in the United States.
At age five, King James won the 1910 Sheepshead Bay Handicap and continued to race through age seven with reasonable success, retiring with earnings in excess of $100,000. He was sent to stud duty at Henry T. Oxnard's Blue Ridge Farm in Virginia where he sired ten stakes race winners. His offspring includes Travers and Withers Stakes winner, Spur (b. 1909), and the filly My Dear (b. 1917) who raced successfully in Canada and the United States and was the 1921 American Champion Older Female Horse. King James was the damsire of Dark Secret, and full sisters Mona Bell and Iribelle, the latter a foundation mare for E. P. Taylor's, The National Stud of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="19425093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19425093" title="Eagle Nest Lake State Park">
Eagle Nest Lake State Park

Eagle Nest Lake State Park is a state park in New Mexico, United States. The park is located outside Eagle Nest, approximately east of Taos. It was established on July 3, 2004. Its main attraction is a lake which is popular for fishing and boating in the summer, and ice fishing and snowmobiling in the winter. The lake itself is a man-made reservoir created when the Cimarron River was impounded by the Eagle Nest Dam in 1922. The lake is stocked with kokanee salmon and rainbow trout.
The lake is at an elevation of , making it an alpine lake, and it is situated in a glacial valley on the slopes of Wheeler Peak, New Mexico's highest mountain. The surrounding mountains are rich in wildlife such as elk, deer, turkeys and bears.

</doc>
<doc id="19425095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19425095" title="Emergency medical services in the Netherlands">
Emergency medical services in the Netherlands

Emergency medical services in the Netherlands is a system of pre hospital care provided by the government in partnership with private companies.
Organization.
Land Ambulance.
Emergency medical service in the Netherlands is provided by a number of private carriers, operating under contract to the Dutch government. The system consists of a number of private ambulance companies, each with its own designated service area within one of fifteen service delivery regions, and with standards of operation that are provided by the government contract. All contracts stipulate that the contractor is required to meet all standards published for vehicles, equipment, training, and performance by the Dutch Ambulance Institute. All contracts for EMS in the Netherlands are sent to tender every four years, with the contract being awarded to the most successful applicants. Netherlands law forbids EMS systems to earn any profit; any surplus revenue is required to be directed to additional improvements to the system, including training, equipment, and vehicles. The Dutch system is a rare exception to the rule in Europe, in that it operates on a variation of the Anglo-American model of EMS care, and not on the Franco-German model, followed by the majority of European countries.
Air Ambulance.
The government of the Netherlands contracts for air ambulance service, which is provided by four helicopters, all of which are in service around the clock. These helicopters are strategically located around the country to minimize response times. Air units may perform high-acuity inter-facility transfers, or may also respond to the location where an emergency is occurring, to assist with immediate care or facilitate rapid transport of high-acuity victims.. All air ambulance helicopters are staffed by both nurse and physicians. The primary role of the helicopters is the rapid delivery of the Mobile Medical Team, and transport of the patient by aircraft, while possible, is not the preferred outcome. In some cases, particularly for response to offshore emergencies, the civilian air ambulance system is supplemented by the three helicopters of the Search and Rescue service of the Netherlands Coastguard; using assets provided by the Dutch Navy and Dutch Air Force services. All of these helicopters are transport-capable. Some areas of Holland also receive emergency air ambulance service from helicopters or vehicles based in Belgium and Germany, since these locations are beyond the normal flight range of the Dutch-owned aircraft.
Standards.
Training.
Since 1992, Dutch law has mandated at least one nurse on every ambulance in the country, at all times. The nurses employed on ambulances have all completed the full training required for a registered nurse in the Netherlands, and have then completed additional training and certification in anaesthesia, intensive care, cardiac care, or emergency room, to apply for an additional year of training to qualify as a Registered Ambulance Nurse. All "paramedics" in the Netherlands are nurses. The term ‘paramedic’ is not used in the Dutch system. As a result of this measure, all Dutch ambulances and rapid response vehicles are capable of providing Advanced Life Support (ALS) without online medical control. The exceptional level of training permits what is, for the most part, independent practice, conducted according to a set of National Emergency Care Protocols, issued by the Dutch Ambulance Institute, and reviewed and revised every four years. Medical oversight for protocol compliance is conducted by each service's Medical Manager, who is a licensed physician. On those occasions when the patient's condition actually exceeds the paramedic protocols, the paramedic has the option of either calling their own Medical Manager for additional instructions, or requesting the response of a mobile medical team.
Staffing.
All ambulances are staffed by a crew of two. These include one nurse, with the training and skill set described above, and one dedicated driver. The medical training of the driver is minimal, and that individual is minimal permitted to participate in patient care with assisting the nurse. Mobile medical teams (MMT) are generally staffed by a senior surgical resident or anesthesiologist with additional training to function in the prehospital environment and additional nurses. MMT aircraft are designed for team delivery, not medical transport. Transport is usually accomplished by means of the ambulance that originated the call, with the team on board. In case of weather that restricts flight operations, each MMT is also equipped with a special van for land response.
Vehicles.
The Netherlands government mandates that all ambulances must meet the standards outlined by the Netherlands Ambulance Institute, in addition to the European standard CEN 1789, as published by the European Committee for Standards. These standards are applied to the types of vehicles and the types of medical equipment required. However, the Dutch system does not comply with all of the elements of the visual identity program beyond the basic colors of vehicles and warning systems, and has no plans to comply with the marking schemes standards. In addition to conventional ambulances, in some areas, particularly those subject to urban traffic congestion, some Dutch paramedics also use ALS equipped motorcycles as Rapid Response Vehicles.
Dispatch.
All 25 EMS regions in the Netherlands are self-dispatching. Some regions have more than one centre, but all are interconnected. The technologies involved in the dispatch of EMS resources are generally equivalent to the American and British standards. All EMS dispatch centers participate in the national emergency number scheme. The emergency telephone number for ambulances in the Netherlands is 112. All EMS calls in the Netherlands are nurse-triaged. Triage is conducted using national evidence-based triage protocols and guidelines developed by the Dutch Ambulance Institute. Most dispatch centers use computer-based decision-support systems. As a result of this approximately 30 percent of all requests for service are dealt with by some other means of service at the scene, and in approximately 40 percent of cases, the call is triaged with a result that an ambulance response is avoided entirely.
Response time.
Dutch law provides support for all standards published by the Netherlands Ambulance Institute, which currently mandates that an ambulance must be in place on the scene of any emergency in the country within 15 minutes. That standard is currently being met approximately 95 percent of the time.

</doc>
<doc id="19425097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19425097" title="Jon Avila">
Jon Avila

Jon Avila, Jonathan Mullally (born 1 September 1985) is a Filipino-Irish actor, model and former housemate of .

</doc>
<doc id="19425098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19425098" title="1978–79 DFB-Pokal">
1978–79 DFB-Pokal

The DFB-Pokal 1978–79 was the 36th season of the competition. It began on 4 August 1978 and ended on 23 June 1979. 128 teams competed in the tournament of seven rounds. In the final Fortuna Düsseldorf defeated Hertha Berlin 1–0 after extra time.

</doc>
<doc id="19425116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19425116" title="Jen Da Silva">
Jen Da Silva

Jen Da Silva (born December 4, 1989) is model, dancer as part of the 26K girls of "Kapamilya, Deal or No Deal" and former housemate of "".
Personal life.
She married taekwondo master and fellow housemate Donald Geisler in December 2008. She is a half sister of a former actor Dennis Da Silva.

</doc>
<doc id="19425131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19425131" title="Central Arkansas Library System">
Central Arkansas Library System

Central Arkansas Library System is a public library system headquartered in Little Rock, Arkansas, United States. The system serves Pulaski County and Perry County.
The Main Library in Downtown Little Rock is the main branch of the system. Specialized facilities include the Cox Creative Center and The Butler Center for Arkansas Studies. Also there is the Hillary Rodham Clinton Children's Library and Learning Center.
Branches include:

</doc>
<doc id="19425134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19425134" title="Mcoy Fundales">
Mcoy Fundales

Marco "Mcoy" Fundales (born November 3, 1977) is a Filipino singer-songwriter, writer, actor. He gained popularity as a member of the band Orange and Lemons (ONL) and a former house player in the ABS CBN reality show's Pinoy Big Brother Celebrity Edition 2 edition. After Orange and Lemons disbanded in 2007, he formed the band KENYO with former ONL bandmates Ace del Mundo and JM del Mundo. He has also worked in independent films as an actor and musical scorer. He is an Eagle Scout of the Boy Scouts of the Philippines and was recognized as one of the Ten Outstanding Boy Scouts of the Philippines in 1992.
Early life and education.
Mcoy hails from Baliwag, Bulacan from a family with no musical background whatsoever. His father, Joselito Fundales, was a postal employee and his mother, Teresita Dela Rosa, was a high school teacher. He's the eldest of two siblings.
A self-confessed geek (graduating as Valedictorian in high school and Cum Laude from the University of the Philippines in Diliman), Mcoy never thought he could really sing and perform. He was often asked to sing in front of his class as a practical joke in high school. Mcoy found this embarrassing and he vowed to learn how to sing. He made true to his promise when he joined the school and church choir in his hometown.
What started out as a musical hobby led to him forming and playing in bands with schoolmates. It was when Orange and Lemons was formed and launched that they enjoyed enormous critical and commercial success as a band. Their hits include the songs Hanggang Kailan, Yakap sa Dilim, Heaven Knows, Blue Moon amongst others.
He is one of the 1992 Ten Outstanding Boy Scouts of the Philippines.
Pinoy Big Brother Celebrity Housemate.
Dubbed as the “Musikerong Daddy”—Mcoy Fundales is known to many as the former frontman of the band Orange and Lemons, the band who sang the franchise’s main theme, Pinoy Ako, from Pinoy Big Brother Season 1.
Prior to Mcoy's entry to the House as the 12th PBBCE2 housemate, Orange and Lemons had already announced their break-up due to creative and personal differences.
Mcoy showed exemplary leadership and artistic skills, witty humor, sincerity, honesty and down to earth attitude as a housemate. Many believed him capable of reaching the Final Four of the season if not for his sudden decision to voluntarily exit from the House due to a dispute with Big Brother himself when Mcoy's artistic integrity was doubted and questioned.
Philippine viewers witnessed how Big Brother apologized to Mcoy on national TV after his exit and how Mcoy accepted this and expressed his outmost respect and gratitude to BB in spite of what happened.
Mcoy wrote songs during his stay at the Big Brother House, two of which are included in the album "Musilka sa Bahay ni Kuya". The songs are "If Ever I See You Again" and "Sama Sama".
Life went on for Mcoy after his stint in PBB and is now back on track on a colorful musical career with his newly formed band KENYO.

</doc>
<doc id="19425143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19425143" title="Gladys Guevarra">
Gladys Guevarra

Gladys Guevarra (born February 22, 1977) is a Filipina singer and comedienne, and a former housemate in "Pinoy Big Brother".
Early life.
Gladys Guevarra is a comedienne and voice impersonator who previously worked in GMA 7, and was also the former lead vocalist of the band Gladys and the Boxers with K in which they were noted for their hit song Sasakyan Kita ("I'll ride With You"). She rose to prominence during her stint in noontime GMA show "Eat Bulaga!". She eventually left the show citing health reasons stemming from a bulging disk and scoliosis. She entered the Pinoy Big Brother House on Day 46 to fill one of the gaps left behind by Ethel and Mcoy with the other reoccupied by Gaby. To add further confusion and mystery to her identity before her entrance, she imitated the voices of Annabelle Rama and midget actress Mahal. She then left the house on Day 58 due to depression and bedroom.

</doc>
<doc id="19425150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19425150" title="Mulda">
Mulda

Mulda may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19425152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19425152" title="Marylaine Viernes">
Marylaine Viernes

Marylaine Viernes (born September 29, 1986) is a Filipina model and member of 26K of "Kapamilya, Deal or No Deal". She is a former housemate from "" where she and Jen Da Silva were the first pair evicted. Viernes is also columnist from "The Manila Times". 

</doc>
<doc id="19425160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19425160" title="The Mole (Australia season 4)">
The Mole (Australia season 4)

The fourth season of the Australian version of The Mole, subtitled "The Mole in Paradise", took place mostly in New Caledonia and was hosted by Grant Bowler.
Show Details.
This season had a higher announced maximum kitty than previous seasons, touting the maximum amount to be won to be $500,000. However, the final total in the group kitty was comparable with that of previous seasons, at $104,000. The first episode of this season took place in Sydney, with the host revealing during the elimination that nine of them, minus the player who was to be eliminated, would head to New Caledonia for the remainder of the season.
This season almost did not go ahead due to poor ratings attained from the previous season. This showed with the fourth series being aired later on in the year. Unlike in previous seasons where the show was given a PG rating, this season was given a G rating. Additionally, the show screened on Sunday nights rather than the previous timeslot of Wednesday nights, partly due to its unpopularity in its previous timeslot, and the entire series was aired throughout July to September 2003. Filming took place during May to June in 2003.
Casting was handled by newspaper advertisements. Thousands of individuals responded, and these ten were the ones that were chosen:
Nikki's information wasn't given.
Episodes.
Episode 1.
Arrival Game: The players met up in five different locations in Sydney, in pairs, each of them near a phone. To start this assignment, the host called Nathan and Alison and told them to find a safe in town hall. Inside it were instructions, and if they could open the safe within three minutes, they'd win $1,000. They encountered a sign that said "PHONE = 74663, MOLE = ????" They correctly figured that the combination would be the word MOLE spelled out on a telephone keypad, but in their haste they did not enter the correct digits, which were 6653. The host then called them on a mobile that had been stashed above the sign and told them the correct combination. They then opened the safe, found another mobile, and were directed to give the same instructions they'd gotten from the host to Kris and Greg, who were in a bus station, and had to go to the locker room to find their safe. Kris and Greg were presented with a math puzzle to get their combination, which they successfully solved, with the answer 1100, to win $1,000. They in turn sent directions to Cam and Nikki, who were at a pier. The combination to their safe was the number of days the younger of them had been alive. That was 19 year old Nikki, but time ran out before they figured out the correct answer. The host phoned them after their time was up to tell them their combination was 6964, and to give the directions to Stace and Josh. Their safe was across the street from their starting position by a phone box. Their puzzle was "THE MOLE = 3345. A TRAITOR = ????" Josh instantly solved this, winning $1,000, though neither the correct answer nor his reasoning were revealed (the answer was later revealed to be 1101). They in turn gave the assignment's directions to Shaun and Petrina, who had to find their puzzle on another phone box and enter it into the safe, which was inside a car. They had to add the year of federation to "two fat ladies," the Melbourne GPO postal code, and the number of seconds in an hour. They failed to find their correct combination of 8590, and upon opening the safe were told that their car would take them to the airport, where the other eight were also headed.
Mole Air: Upon arriving at the airport, the players met up for the first time as a group and all but Greg and Shaun boarded "Mole Air flight 007." The other eight were to skydive from a height of . At the hotel, the host presented Greg and Shaun with their assignment - they had to correctly guess which of the other eight would jump, and which would not. Each correct guess was worth $1,000 for the kitty, but each incorrect guess would take $1,000 away from the kitty. They predicted everyone but Josh and Kris would jump. Before jumping, each player in the plane was given a 4-digit number and told to remember it. Everyone but Kris jumped, meaning that seven of the picks were correct and one incorrect, so $6,000 was won.
Luggage Repack: The men were given five minutes to unpack as much from the women's luggage as they saw fit, and for each kilogram that they took away, $1,000 would be added to the kitty, at a maximum of 100 kilos. The women walked into the hotel midway through the assignment and were able to watch the men rooting through their bags, and were also informed that whatever was taken away by the men would be gone for the rest of the game. The other four all removed lots of belongings from the others' bags, but Nathan only removed a small number of light items from Kris' bag. They removed 27 kilograms of luggage, adding $27,000 to the group kitty.
Parachute Safe: Each of the seven people who jumped from the airplane were given a safe and told that the number they were given before jumping was the combination to open it. Each player who successfully opened their safe would win $1,000 for the kitty, but each player who failed would cost the kitty $1,000. Alison, Petrina, and Josh failed to open their safes, but the other four who jumped all remembered their numbers, putting the group $1,000 ahead for this assignment.
Episode 2.
Player Info: On the plane to New Caledonia, the players were each presented with an iPAQ that automatically scrolled through profile information on another player. They guarded the information they'd been given, but upon landing and meeting up with the host at the lunch table at their hotel, they discovered that part of this challenge was a teamwork-building exercise; each of them, except for Shaun, was asked a question based on the information presented to someone else. The questions would win $1,000 for the group kitty if answered correctly, and take $2,000 out of the kitty if answered wrong or not answered within five seconds. All nine players missed their question, and $18,000 was lost.
Dam Relay Race: The players were taken to the Yate Dam, and told to traverse a gap, 75 meters in elevation and bridged by two ropes. The players were to walk the rope, grasping the top one for balance, and get from one side to the other. The catch was that they were also wearing heart rate monitors, and each time their heart rates went above 160 beats per minute, they were forced to stop in place and wait for their heart rate to go down. They were given an hour for all of them to go down the ladder, cross the gap, and climb the ladder on the side. If the team decided someone's heart rate was hopelessly too high, they could pull them out, but it would incur a 10-minute penalty, and all time that was taken to that point would also count. It was worth $10,000. Josh and Petrina were stopped several times while on the rope, with Petrina not even making it across - the group decided to pull her out. Shaun was stopped twice, and Nathan once; everyone else made it across without incident. The last player was Kris, who was very afraid of the assignment and her heart rate topped 160 on the ladder and in climbing over the ledge and onto the wire. Just as she was about to continue on the rope, time for the challenge ran out.
Crossword: The players met the host at a park, and were presented with a giant crossword puzzle. The clues for the crossword puzzle were in a separate location, and six players took motorbikes to them. The others stayed behind and put oversized letter and number tiles on the crossword board to complete the puzzle. There was a 30 minute time limit, with hints available from the host for $1,000 apiece. The crossword clues were earned based on brainteasers presented to each pair of players. Each duo, Alison and Petrina, Josh and Greg, and Kris and Nathan, were presented with the same three brainteasers, and each correct answer would give them a computer chip to put in their iPAQ, and that would give a clue to the crossword puzzle for Cam, Shaun, and Nikki. Kris and Nathan needed to buy the answer to solve the first brainteaser, costing $1,000. Josh and Greg, and Alison and Petrina needed to buy the answer for the second. Each duo solved the third brainteaser without help from the host. Back at the crossword board, Cam convinced the other two to buy a crossword clue that they'd already received from one of the other players, costing $1,000. They also had to buy one answer for $2,000. They also had an incorrect answer on their final board, costing another $1,000. All these deductions knocked the $10,000 winnings down to $3,000.
Episode 3.
Luggage Repack: Though not a monetary challenge, Petrina and Nikki were instructed to remove from the men's luggage the same amount that they had removed from the women's in the first episode, and if successful, they'd win back everything the women had lost in the first luggage repack. With the other six all sent away for an assignment, the two of them were given the keys to the men's rooms and free rein, and succeeded in removing enough luggage from the men to win back what they had earlier lost.
Helibombing: The other six were sent away for an assignment. They were put into pairs, with one hanging from a helicopter and dropping a flour bomb on a target being towed by a boat 40 meters below them, with the other in the chopper instructing the pilot. Each pair could conceivably win $20,000, the value of a bullseye on the target. They each got three passes at the target - the first was for free, the second cost $1,000 from the kitty, and the third $2,000. The first duo, Shaun in the chopper and Josh hanging below, missed the first pass but scored a bullseye on the second, winning $19,000. The second pair, Nathan in the helicopter and Alison down below, missed on all three attempts and cost $3,000. The third pair, Kris in the helicopter and Cam hanging, also whiffed on all three attempts, giving a final winnings in this assignment of $13,000.
Underwater: The players were divided by sex for simultaneous challenges as part of the same assignment. The men were told to dive underwater, using old-fashioned diving helmets, and they would find the clothes that Nikki and Petrina took earlier on. To complete their half of the assignment, they need only get dressed - while underwater. This included underwear, socks, shoes, trousers, and shirts. The women had to dive for jigsaw pieces in the water and complete a puzzle on the deck of the catamaran on which they were traveling. There were 12 correct pieces, but catch was that each time they pulled up a piece that was a duplicate of a piece they'd already pulled up, they'd be assessed a one minute penalty to the 40 minute time limit that applied to "both" challenges (both had to be done in a combined time of under 40 minutes). Completing both challenges under the time limit would be worth $5,000 for the kitty. The women completed their task quickly, but Nikki, who was doing the bulk of the diving, pulled up several duplicates that resulted in penalty minutes. The men took 25 minutes to get dressed. The women completed the puzzle in 8 minutes and had 6 minutes in penalties, giving a combined time of 39 minutes and narrow success in the assignment.
Photography: The players were split into three groups and assigned to take nine photographs or videos involving townspeople. Getting eight out of the nine would win $10,000 for the kitty, but if fewer than eight were recorded, each one under that threshold would cost $1,000 from the kitty. The first was to take a picture of themselves with ten strangers, all of whom must be over 18 and everyone must be looking directly into the camera. They all completed this quickly, but Kris, Nathan, and Alison were a person short and had to do it again. The next task was for Cam and Petrina (and subsequently Nathan and Alison, and Josh and Nikki from the groups of three) to take a photo wearing one another's clothes, except for underwear. The third task was to record 15 seconds of a New Caledonian local, who must again be an adult, singing the chorus of Waltzing Matilda in English. Nathan, Kris, and Alison were behind the other groups in time and only barely made it back to the hotel before their one hour time limit was up. All of Josh, Nikki, and Shaun's pictures counted, but the local that that Nathan, Kris, and Alison recorded singing "Waltzing Matilda" was clearly under the age of 18. Additionally, the memory chip that Cam and Petrina handed in had nothing at all on it, so only five of the events counted, costing the group $3,000 from the kitty.
After the elimination, where Cam received the red screen and got in the car to leave the game, the host informed the remaining players that they were to privately vote as to whether they'd like Cam returned to the game. If even one person voted to return him to the game, it would be done, and $50,000 would be added to the kitty.
Episode 4.
Cam's "Resurrection": The players' votes were revealed. Six of the players said they would not want Cam back, but for Kris, the money was too much, and she opted to bring Cam back. This was a surprise even to Cam, who thought he was being driven to the airport to fly home, but he was in fact driven to the site of the next assignment. The other players were not happy to have him returned, since several of them thought he was the Mole.
Parking Lot: After choosing four players who like to drive, the group was presented with an assignment to get a red car out of a walled parking lot, with 20 silver cars blocking the way. Each car could only move one direction, in lengths of the grid, and could not run into any other cars, meaning that they had to move the silver cars around to open up an alley for the red car to come through (it began lined up with the exit, though blocked in). There was a one hour time limit, but Petrina found the solution within minutes, and $5,000 was easily won. The host then offered them double or nothing on a second puzzle, one that looked similar but was actually considerably harder (the first puzzle took nine moves to solve, the second would take seventeen), with 21 silver cars in the lot with the red car. They took the gamble, but failed, and as their hour ran out they won nothing in this assignment.
Hostage Rescue: Josh was taken hostage in the middle of the night and brought to the top of Amédée Lighthouse. The next morning, Cam, Kris, and Petrina were charged with rescuing him. They met the host in a second-floor room at their hotel and were told to ask Josh repeated yes/no questions to help discern his location. For every "yes" answer, they would get a small piece to a picture on a flatscreen in front of them that would show where Josh was. For every "no" answer, they would lose 2 minutes off their one hour time limit. After some "yes" answers, the group of three figured out that Josh was in a lighthouse, and thought that would be enough information, so they ran down to the helipad and the chopper that was to take them to Josh's location. The pilot, however, informed them that there were numerous lighthouses in the area, so they ran back up to the host and asked some more questions. They again reached a point where they thought they had enough information, but again wound up running back up to the host. At this point, Cam figured out that all they needed were "yes" answers from Josh to get the picture showing his location - the questions didn't necessarily have to be about his location. After asking questions such as "Is the sun in the sky?" and "Is water wet?" they finally completed the picture and knew which lighthouse they had to go to. The assignment was not over, however, until all three of them reached the top where Josh was being held. With all the "no" answers they'd gotten from Josh and the time wasted running up and down the stairs at the hotel, precious little was left by the time they got to the lighthouse, and Kris was unable to climb the 249 stairs up to the top in time, missing out on the $5,000 the assignment was worth.
Culture Vultures: The host asked the four who weren't part of the Hostage Rescue to pick two "culture vultures." Nathan and Alison were sent to the Tjibaou Cultural Center, just outside Nouméa. There, they received a guided tour of the premises and took in a lot of New Caledonian culture, furiously scribbling notes on what they were told all along the way. At the end of their tour, they were indeed tested on what they'd been told, but for $5,000, their task was simply to recall their tour guide's name. They both immediately gave the correct answer, and the money was won.
Predictions: Shaun and Nikki secretly followed Nathan and Alison for an assignment of their own. They were to predict what the two of them would do in four pre-arranged situations. The first was when the car, en route to the cultural center, stopped at a corner store, two Girl Guides approached it and asked for a donation. Shaun and Nikki had to predict whether either player in the car would give a donation. They predicted no, but Nathan surprised them by in fact giving the girls a donation. The next situation was that someone had dropped a wallet, and Shaun and Nikki had to predict whether one of the other two would pick it up and hand it in. They predicted that one of the others would, and Nathan indeed picked up the wallet and handed it in. The third situation involved a passerby throwing an empty water bottle at a garbage can, but missing it. They predicated that one of the other players would pick up the water bottle and throw it away. Though Alison walked over to the bottle, she did not pick it up and in fact walked away from it, putting them down $1,000. The last situation saw a stranger come up to them and speak to them only in French, and Shaun and Nikki predicted that they'd speak at least some French to him in return, if only "Bonjour" or something otherwise extremely basic. They resulted in not even using that small amount of French, and the team finished $2,000 in the red for this assignment.
The Story so Far.
On 23 August, one night before the fifth episode went to air, a half-hour episode was shown at 8:00pm recapping the first four episodes briefly. It revealed that Stace had suspected Josh as the Mole when she was eliminated in Episode One. The following day, from midday the first four episodes were replayed in their entireties, in what the Seven Network dubbed as a "Mole-a-thon". Episode Five then went to air the following night.
Episode 5.
Island Escape: The players met up with the host on the beach, who revealed that their assignment was to build a raft out of a pile of junk on the beach and take it out to a rescue boat out in the water, where $5,000 awaited them. They had one hour to reach the boat, and they needed to use everything present on the beach and to get all of them to the rescue boat for the money to be won. Midway through the challenge, the host asked them who among them they thought was least helpful in building the raft. The players chose Kris, and she was given the opportunity to search for coins buried in the beach with a metal detector, and if she could accumulate 2,000 CFP Francs, she could rent a kayak and row out to the rescue boat and win the $5,000 that way. However, as she normally required reading glasses that she didn't have with her, she was unable to discern the values of what coins she was able to find and was unable to get enough money to rent the kayak. The raft eventually made it out to the rescue boat, but they finished 1 minute, 38 seconds outside the time limit and won nothing.
New Caledonian Whispers: Akin to Chinese whispers, this assignment saw Alison given a secret word, which she described in an SMS for Petrina and Kris, who then had to draw what they thought the word was using only geometric shapes, and then describe their drawing to Nathan and Nikki, who had to duplicate it as best they could and fax their drawing to Cam and Shaun, who would then guess the word. Each word, of three to be played, that was correctly guessed would win $2,000 for the kitty. There was a 15 minute time limit for each word. The first was "parachute." Kris and Petrina easily discerned this from Alison's SMS, and geometrically drew a parachute and described it to Nathan and Nikki. Nathan and Nikki sent their picture to Cam and Shaun, who thought it was a cat. The second word was "motorbike." Kris and Petrina again got it pretty easily from the SMS, but had to describe their drawing to Nathan and Nikki twice, and time ran out just as Cam and Shaun got their fax. They knew immediately that it was a motorbike. The last word was "helicopter." Again, Kris and Petrina knew it easily from the SMS. Their explanation to Nathan and Nikki again took a lot of time, but Cam and Shaun got the fax in time for the last round, guessing that it was a catamaran. Thus, no money was won in the assignment.
Walk the Plank: Upon meeting up a tall stack of industrial containers, the host pointed the players to wallets attached to a plank that extended from the top of the stack. There were some red wallets, and some green. The plank was twenty meters high, ten meters long, ten centimeters wide, and wobbled when someone walked on it. Each wallet was worth $5,000 for the group kitty. Whether a player had to retrieve the green wallet, closer to the stacks, or the red wallet, closer to the edge, was based on whether they answered a question from one of seven categories correctly or not. The only player to answer their question correctly was Petrina. The first one to attempt the plank walk was Nathan, who stumbled off the board. All those players after him who tried the plank (Shaun and Kris refused to even try) took a different technique than Nathan had - the first of them, Alison, grasped her safety wire tightly, which gave her more balance, and made it very easy to make it out to the red wallets.
After the assignment, the host offered the four players who had successfully retrieved a wallet the opportunity to earn a free pass through to the next episode, if they would pay $5,000 from the kitty (what they had just earned) to obtain it. All four players passed.
Episode 6.
Petrina's "Resurrection": After being taken away after her elimination, Petrina was approached by the host with an offer - she could return to the game if she would reduce the group kitty by $50,000, and as Grant states it, "The price of Cam." She accepted this offer and was returned to the game. Cam was visibly upset because when "he" returned, nobody was happy to see him and $50,000 was "added" to the kitty. Yet when Petrina returned, everyone was happy to see her, despite $50,000 being "removed" from the kitty.
Waterfall Bags: Sixteen bags, staggered in four different drops, were thrown over a short waterfall. In each drop, one bag contained money, one contained essentials, one luxuries, and one accessories. The players were shown ahead of time which bag contained what when, but the signs for each drop mixed the colors and the words for the colors up, such as the first sign saying " " In each drop, the players could retrieve only two bags, meaning they clearly should aim for the money and essential bags. They grabbed two money bags, winning $10,000.
Catch the Ball: The players were sent to an old, abandoned jail, early in the evening, for their next assignment. A large steel ball was held in place by electromagnets, which were in turn powered by three batteries. The batteries could fail at any moment - perhaps five minutes after the assignment began, perhaps five hours, perhaps even longer than that. If whoever was standing under the ball caught it when it fell, they'd double their winnings from the waterfall assignment, but if they let the ball fall, they'd lose those winnings. It was at this point revealed what the other bags from the waterfall assignment would get them. With one choice of the essentials, Petrina chose food over cooking gear, sleeping bags, and pillows. They got two bags labeled luxury items, and Alison chose alcohol and plush bedding over fancy food and chocolate. Lastly was the choice of accessories, as they got two bags with that label. Kris chose snack food and 'entertainment' (a guitar and some board games) over beach gear and common household items, as these choices were meant to be items that would be useless for a night in a jail. Nikki was then only allowed to take $10,000 of the $20,000 "Mole Bucks" in another cell. Cam and Nathan took most of the turns standing under the ball, with Shaun and the women each refusing to take more than a small number of early ones and sleeping through the rest of the assignment. The host returned to the players midway through the night and offered to call the assignment off, meaning they'd not risk losing their winnings from the waterfall, but the players chose to press on. The ball fell early the next morning, with Cam standing below it. He failed to catch it and the $10,000 was lost.
Pull the Plug: Before this assignment, the players were each given small steel canisters, and instructed that they must always have the canisters with them when asked, or face a $1,000 penalty from the kitty, and that they mustn't open them. After arriving at the pier, the players were told to split into two groups to paddle two leaky boats around a couple of buoys. They would be taking on water from the get-go, because the host removed a plug from each boat before they set off. Upon paddling back to the pier after going around one buoy, they had to answer a question, and if it was answered incorrectly, another plug would be taken out. For each time they made it back to the pier after two buoys without sinking, they'd win $2,000. There were two rounds for each boat, making a possible $8,000. Both boats failed in the first round, but the boat transporting Kris, Nathan, and Alison made it back safely in round two.
Episode 7.
Banana Boats: The players were divided by sex and told to climb onto banana boats that were to be towed behind a powerboat. The challenge was for the men to move to the women's boat and the women to the men's without anyone falling in the water. There were three rounds, one at a very slow speed, worth $1,000 if successful, one at a medium speed with a shorter rope, worth $3,000 if successful, and one at a very fast speed with a shorter rope still, worth $6,000 if successful. Each round lasted ten minutes. The players easily won the first round, but ran out of time in the second, after the men's boat tipped over multiple times. The players won the last round with 2 seconds to spare, totaling $7,000 for this assignment.
Exemption Dinner: At dinner after the Banana Boats assignment, the host told the players they'd win $5,000 for the group kitty if they could, inside of five minutes, unanimously choose someone to receive a free pass through to the next episode. Alison suggested they draw straws, but Kris objected to Cam or Petrina being in the running, since they'd already gotten a second chance. Cam refused to agree to the four others of them alone drawing straws, but would draw if all six were included. Ultimately, they failed to come to a unanimous decision, won no money, and no free pass was awarded.
Underwater Charades: The group picked their two strongest swimmers, Cam and Nathan, and their two biggest movie buffs, Shaun and Petrina. Alison and Kris, the two unchosen, stayed with the host and had the assignment revealed to them - Cam and Nathan would be in snorkeling gear in the hotel's pool acting out the titles of television shows and films in which some character dies. Once Alison and Kris correctly guessed the charade, they'd radio the title to Shaun and Petrina, who were standing by in a mock cemetery and had to dig up the grave of the actor who portrayed the character that died in the particular film or TV show. Inside one of the six caskets that they were to retrieve was $10,000. Alison and Kris correctly guessed five charades - "South Park", "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon", "Titanic", "What Lies Beneath", and "Pearl Harbor" (failing to guess "American Beauty"), but Shaun and Petrina only dug up four correct caskets, thinking Ben Affleck's character died in "Pearl Harbor" when it was in fact Josh Hartnett's that did. Upon uniting everyone at the graveyard, the host offered the players $5,000 to quit instead of searching the caskets for the $10,000. They refused. After finding nothing but prop mummies in the caskets for the first two caskets checked, the host then offered the players $1,000 to stop and not check the last two. They refused again, and neither of the last caskets had the money either - it was in Josh Hartnett's grave, the one that Shaun and Petrina failed to identify as a correct one.
Arrest: The players were told to drive to the beach for their next assignment. Before getting into the van, the host told them to pick someone by majority vote to get a free pass, or they'd lose $5,000 from the kitty. Since the other four could form a majority and overrule Cam and Petrina's objections to being excluded from the draw, they drew for the pass and Nathan was the winner.
Along the way, the van was pulled over by New Caledonian police. Since the players didn't have any identification on them, they were all arrested and hauled into a paddy wagon to be taken to a police station. Though none of them knew it, "this" was the assignment, and it was where the canisters they'd been given in the previous episode came into play. One by one, each of them was called away to be interviewed by the police lieutenant, who was in on the ruse, and were invited, but not ordered, to open their canisters. As had been stated when they'd received them, anyone who opened their canister would cost the group $1,000 from the kitty. Cam immediately opened his canister when the lieutenant mentioned it, but the other five all declined. What was inside the canisters was photographic paper that would turn black when developed. After the police took each of the six canisters, they were developed, and two of them, Cam's as well as Shaun's, turned black, costing the group $2,000 from the kitty. Shaun had opened his canister almost immediately after being given it, saying when he's told not to do something, he immediately wants to do it.
This assignment also brought about a major plot point in the season - when returning to the paddy wagon after being interviewed, Shaun found a note that was seemingly a communication between the show's producers and the Mole. It indicated that Alison and Petrina were both correctly identifying the Mole in the quiz. Shaun considered recusing himself from the game, thinking that if the note were genuine, he'd have been given an unfair advantage over the other players.
Episode 8.
Dam Treasure Hunt: The players met up at a dam and were instructed to abseil down its face to retrieve, one each, five black cases that contained memory chips which, when plugged into their iPAQ, would reveal photos, which were clues to finding $10,000 hidden on the site. There was a one hour time limit for the entire assignment. Nathan and Cam successfully retrieved cases, and, once on the dam floor, were able to swing Alison over to one. They tried to do the same with Petrina, but she was unable to grab a case. Shaun easily grabbed a case on his abseil. The players were then allowed to buy the fifth chip, for $3,000, and did so, despite the fact that it gave them no additional information (it showed them a room that was accessed by a ladder that one of their other chips already showed). The other photos showed a hallway, a lock against a solid door, and a marking on a wall. The hallway was at the top of the dam, where they'd eventually find the money, but in climbing back up, Nathan was certain he passed the door depicted with the lock in that photo, and when they found the key next to the marking on the wall, he bolted down several flights of stairs to the door he thought was the one depicted in the picture. Eventually, he returned to the top of the dam, with very little time to spare, and the players eventually found all the locations the photo clues were to send them to. The money wasn't won until someone actually found it in the room where it was stashed, under the cover on a plinth. Nathan found the money with only seconds left in their time limit.
Relative Parachute: At dinner after the dam assignment, the host played a recording of various friends and family members of the players in an airplane, and asked them to predict whether they'd tandem parachute jump (just as all of them but Shaun had earlier in the season) or not. Each correct prediction won $10,000 for the group kitty, while each incorrect prediction took $10,000 away. The men all got their predictions right, but the women were both wrong, putting the group $10,000 ahead for the assignment. After the assignment, the players were reunited with their friends and family through breakfast the next day.
Beach Questions: As the only one who had not yet been up in an aircraft in New Caledonia, Alison was singled out for this assignment. She was to fly in a restored World War II fighter plane and observe planks the others laid out on the beach, which would show answers to questions the host asked. She would then have to match the answers she had to the original questions. Each question correctly answered by Alison was worth $2,000 for the kitty, but she never stood a chance because the other four answered every question wrong in the first place.
Episode 9.
Two Questions: The players boarded a cruise ship, and one at a time answered two morality questions and were put into a particular cabin on the ship. The other three players were charged with finding the fourth, based on the answers they gave to the questions. If they thought the other player answered one way to the first question, they'd go to the left from their starting position, and if they thought the other player answered the other way, they'd go to the right. From then, if they thought the other player answered one way to the second question, they'd knock on the door to the left, and right for the other. The first three rounds were worth $2,000 if the player was successfully found, but none of them were, with each giving a surprising answer to one of their questions - Nathan said he "would" strip nude for a bachelorette party for $250, Cam said he would "not" help out a stranger being assaulted, Shaun said he "would" sleep with his best friend's girlfriend, and Petrina said she "would" date a married man. For the last round, seeking Petrina, the prize was upped to $5,000.
Sports Champions: The players were presented in their van with the pictures of four New Caledonian sports champions, and told that one was a champion of windsurfing, one of outrigger canoeing, one of pétanque, and one of cricket. They were to each choose a person and a sport to play. Each victory by a contestant would win $5,000 for the group kitty. Nathan's canoe tipped over in the middle of his race, and he was easily defeated by the windsurfing champion. Petrina lost at pétanque to the canoeing champion. Cam, who fell into the water three times during his race, lost at windsurfing to the pétanque champion. Shaun had been matched up with a woman to play cricket (he had to face eighteen deliveries from a bowler without being bowled), and the contestants were the surest of her not playing her chosen sport. Though none of the contestants knew it, cricket is a game typically played by women in New Caledonia. Oddly, though the only one matched up with the champion in their chosen sport, Shaun put up the most competitive effort, and was defeated only narrowly. He was bowled on the seventeenth ball, after the sixteenth had struck him in the groin.
Exemption Game: The players were taken, blindfolded, to an undisclosed location. They were split into pairs (Cam and Nathan, and Shaun and Petrina) to play a math puzzle, with the pair solving it in the quicker time advancing to potentially play for a free pass through to the final round. Shaun and Petrina won this first round, and the two of them advanced to a second round where they had to answer a series of ten analogy questions. The faster there would play for the free pass, and that was Shaun. The other three were taken, still blindfolded, a kilometer away and told to find Shaun in order to stop him from winning the free pass and add $5,000 to the kitty. Shaun was back at their starting location playing a memory game with oversized cards. If he completed the game, he'd win the free pass. Nathan found the building Shaun was in within minutes and stopped him before he finished the memory game, and it seemed that the $5,000 was won. But the next day, after the computer test had been taken, the host revealed that there was evidence that Nathan had cheated - a clip was shown of Nathan in the van slightly raising his blindfold and leaning his head back to see underneath it. Though Nathan vigorously denied cheating, the $5,000 was revoked and Shaun was awarded the free pass.
Final Four: During the confession, Cam revealed that he suspected Petrina as the mole after she came back. However, he changed his mind and he picked Shaun as the mole in the final four quiz. If Shaun did not get the exemption, he would be eliminated or if Cam did not change his mind at the final four quiz, Nathan would be eliminated. It was true that Cam scored the highest in the final five quiz.
Nathan's name was typed in first, and the green screen appeared, relieving him. Cam's name was typed in second, and the screen turned red.
Episode 10.
Helicopter Jigsaw: The host called the players at their breakfast table and told them to find him, for $20,000 that would be reduced by $1 for each second that passed until they found him. The first clue was the island in the middle of the hotel's swimming pool, which contained pieces to a jigsaw puzzle. It instructed them to head to the Amédée Lighthouse (where Josh was held hostage in the fourth episode) for the remaining pieces to the puzzle. The pieces they found there directed them to a coral atoll, where they found crosshairs that at last directed them to the Isle of Pines and the host. It took them 8,650 seconds to find the host, and that was rounded up to $12,000 winnings for this assignment.
The Rhyming Slang Challenge: The players met the host on a patio by a garden at their hotel for their last assignment. Inside a safe next to him was $10,000, and the players had 20 minutes to discover the 4-digit combination that would open the safe. They were given a series of clues, each one in rhyming slang, and could purchase additional clues for $1,000 apiece. The numbers of the combination could only be seen with an ultraviolet light, which was on a table in the middle of the garden. Their first clue told them to lie on a pair of hammocks to turn on the light. They were unable to fully solve this without buying an additional clue that told them that the light would only turn on if two of them were lying in the hammocks and one looking at the table. The table had their first number, a 3. The next clue indicated that their next number was on the back of their coveralls, and Petrina found a 6 on hers. Their next clue led them to the nearby bowls court, but the number wasn't actually on a ball or the jack, it was on a coconut. It bore the number 5. The last clue directed them to grab the queen off a chessboard in one of the rooms, and it bore another 6. Their last clue directed them to the swimming pool to find four small bottles that would give them the correct order for the numbers. The bottles bore out the word MOLE, and when converted by telephone code, it gave the correct combination of 6653. They finished with a little over a minute left and won $9,000.
After this assignment, the players were put into three locked cabins to take the final computer test. Shaun was revealed as the winner of $104,000, and Petrina as the Mole. Shaun was lucky to have even won the game at all, having scored equal lowest in the second elimination but having a faster time, and also escaping elimination in the previous episode after Nathan had cheated in the Exemption Game. Had Shaun not won that exemption, Shaun would have been eliminated rather than Cam and the outcome of the game would have been totally different.
Mole Activity.
Sabotage.
Petrina was revealed to have sabotaged nearly every assignment with which she was involved.
The following acts of sabotage were revealed in the final episode:
Arrival Game: Petrina thought Shaun would be least likely to know the Melbourne GPO Postal Code offhand, so she purposely gave him the wrong answer and they were unable to open their safe, costing $1,000.
Parachute Safe: Petrina intentionally entered the wrong combination into her safe.
Dam Relay Race: Petrina needlessly exerted herself before going on the high wire, taking quick sharp breaths that spiked her heart rate.
Photography: Though Cam took all the pictures, it was Petrina who handed the memory chip to the host for evaluation, and this sabotage cost the kitty over $10,000. She had been carrying a blank memory chip with her the entire day, and noted how the risk of this gambit was magnified when part of the assignment involved Cam having to wear her clothes.
Parking Lot: Petrina was instructed to quickly solve the easier car puzzle, to goad the others into taking the much harder one and gamble away their $5,000 winnings.
Hostage Rescue: Petrina knew that Josh was being held in a lighthouse, and that there were numerous lighthouses in the area. She convinced Cam and Kris to leave for the helipad twice when she knew they didn't have enough information to get to Josh. This cost the group $5,000, but Petrina very nearly gave the game away, because she had a note of instructions from show's producers tucked under the short denim skirt she was wearing that day, and in all the running around it nearly came loose.
Pull the Plug: Petrina purposely removed plugs from her own boat.
Relative Parachute: Petrina knew that her dad would jump out of the plane, but predicted against that, and cost the kitty another $10,000.
Dam Treasure Hunt: Petrina intentionally missed her memory chip while abseiling, which cost the group $3,000.
Sports Champions: Petrina knew that the woman was the champion cricketer, and encouraged challenging her in that sport.
Helicopter Jigsaw: Even in the very last episode, Petrina wasted time, and by extension dollars, by sitting on jigsaw pieces after they retrieved them from the hotel swimming pool. This sabotage was cut short, as Shaun caught her in the act. This is one sabotage Shaun is believed to have picked up on.
The Rhyming Slang Challenge: The only way to see the bottles in the swimming pool was when the surface of the water was unbroken, and Petrina immediately jumped in the water and caused ripples that made it impossible to see, from above, where the bottles were.
The following acts of sabotage were spotted during the series, but not mentioned in the final episode:
Underwater: Petrina was seen to accept duplicate pieces that Nikki found underwater, costing five minutes of time.
Underwater Charades: Petrina insisted on digging up the wrong graves of several actors, losing $10,000.
Two Questions: Petrina gave strange answers to the questions that Cam, Nathan and Shaun were to answer, costing $5,000.
Clues.
The following clues were revealed in the final episode:
Petrina's Combination: The number given to Petrina as she jumped from the airplane was 5636, an anagram of 6653 which was shown twice, in the very first assignment of the season and the very last, to be telephone code for MOLE.
Petrina's Elimination: This was planned all along and was not an improvised trick to try to get people to not suspect her - in fact, no one selected Petrina as the Mole on the quiz until "after" she was eliminated and returned.
The Note That Shaun Found: Shaun eventually figured out that the note was a fake, and based on the fact that only Kris and Petrina had been in the paddy wagon on the side where Shaun found it, and Kris was subsequently eliminated that episode, it "had" to be a fake.

</doc>
<doc id="19425189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19425189" title="Manhasset Bay">
Manhasset Bay

Manhasset Bay, New York, is an embayment in western Long Island off Long Island Sound. Manhasset Bay forms the northeastern boundary of the Great Neck Peninsula and the southwestern boundary of Cow Neck (Port Washington Peninsula or Manhasset Neck). On the north side of the bay there are three points, Barkers Point at the entrance, Plum Point coming the furthest into the Bay, and Tom's Point in the back bay. On the other side, Hewlett Point forms the entrance nearly a mile from Barkers Point. Hart Island lies in the Sound just outside the mouth of Manhasset Bay.
The Manhasset Bay area was first inhabited in the 17th century by the Matinecook tribe of Algonquin Indians. Then the Dutch and the English settled around the bay in the 17th century because of the proximity of fish. The Bay was called Schout's Bay by the Dutch, and then Howe's Bay by the English. Subsequently, due to the presence of cattle raising, it came to be called Cow Bay, and the local neck, to the northeast, "Cow Neck". It finally became Manhasset Bay in 1907. 
In the 1920s it began to switch from the cow-and-fish industry to support services for commercial boating, as it is considered to be one of the best harbors on Long Island Sound with little tidal current except at the entrance and average tidal displacement of only six feet. By the 1980s it was full of marinas and yacht clubs. The Sands Point Seaplane Base on Manhasset Bay was at one time the main airport for passenger service between New York and Europe. At the beginning of the 21st century, it had about 16% of all the marinas and yacht clubs in the whole of Long Island Sound.
Notes.
See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Footnotes for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags.

</doc>
<doc id="19425193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19425193" title="Foxhole in Cairo">
Foxhole in Cairo

Foxhole in Cairo is a 1960 British war film directed by John Llewellyn Moxey and based on a novel by Leonard Mosley itself based upon the real-life Operation Salaam. It starred James Robertson Justice, Adrian Hoven, Fenella Fielding and Henry Oscar. Future star Michael Caine makes a brief appearance as a German soldier, in one of his earlier screen roles.
Synopsis.
During the Second World War Field Marshal Erwin Rommel has placed two spies in Cairo, at the headquarters of the British Eighth Army. They are able to monitor every move of the British. It falls to British intelligence to hunt down the spies before they do too much damage to the war effort.
Reception.
A 1961 "New York Times" review described the film as "a routine British-made espionage yarn" calling the plot "slack and predictable", while praising the professional performance of James Robertson Justice.

</doc>
<doc id="19425195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19425195" title="PUBLIB">
PUBLIB

PUBLIB is an electronic discussion list devoted to issues relating to public-library administration and use. It was founded in December 1992 by Jean Armour Polly (then of NYSERNET, Inc., now a librarian in upstate New York) and the late John Iliff. PUBLIB is currently managed by volunteers Sara Weissman and Karen G. Schneider. Housed on the NYSERNET server until March 1997, and then on the UC Berkeley SunSITE until May 2005, PUBLIB is now hosted by WebJunction.
For several years, PUBLIB had a subset, PUBLIB-Net, focused on Internet use in public libraries. Because the Internet has become well integrated into library services, support for PUBLIB-Net as a separate list ended in 2000.
PUBLIB is oriented toward public librarians and public library managers and directors. Subscribers also include library trustees, members of library friends' groups, library-science students and faculty, library journalists, and advocates of librarianship. On June 13, 
2010, PUBLIB had 9,684 subscribers in 14 countries, according to data gathered by WebJunction's administrative software.
PUBLIB's subscribers discuss library use and management, library technology, the mission of the library, librarianship as a profession, and library ethics. Operational questions are posed and answered (Hill, p. 34). Postings of library jobs are accepted and encouraged. Friday of each week is devoted to library anecdotes and humor.
Only subscribers may post to PUBLIB. Instructions for subscribing may be found on PUBLIB's general information page on the WebJunction website.
Authors in the field of library and information science occasionally tap PUBLIB as a resource. One such author described PUBLIB as "a good cross-section of librarians engaged in public services, administration, technical support, and related responsibilities" (Sager, p. 73).
Postings from February 1993 to the present have been archived and can be browsed or searched.
PUBLIB mascot and social activities
The unofficial mascot of PUBLIB is the gadfly, representing the questioning and advocacy that are characteristic of its subscribers. Mary Jane Anderson wrote a pithy response to John N. Berry III editorial about PUBLIB. It is here: http://listserv.oclc.org/scripts/wa.exe?A2=ind9702&L=PUBLIB&P=R15904&I=3&X=3F23274C94AA07AAEE&Y=mgolrick%40slol.lib.la.us
PUBLIB participants often gather informally off the list, either online through personal email messages, through personal visits while traveling, or at library conferences such as those held by the Public Library Association and the American Library Association.
Best of PUBLIB
In June 2009, Robert Balliot set up a blog which reproduces postings from PUBLIB. He called it Best of PUBLIB. The posts are grouped by topic, and there is a listing of topics in the left hand column.

</doc>
<doc id="19425211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19425211" title="SlotMusic">
SlotMusic

slotMusic was a type of microSD memory card developed by SanDisk preloaded with music in MP3 format. They were first available at Wal-Mart and Best Buy stores in the United States in October 2008. The current selection of songs comes from Universal Music Group, Sony BMG, Warner Music Group and EMI Music. As of mid-2011, SanDisk's website lists a total of 14 albums available in the SlotMusic format.
The audio files contain no digital rights management, and are encoded at minimum bitrates of 256 to 320 kbit/s.
SlotMusic albums may also include high-quality images and videos in multiple formats. The contents of each microSD card may be altered by the user, enabling them to add or remove files from the slotMusic card as desired. Another type of card, slotRadio, has been developed for 2009 and has radiolike controls. SlotRadio has more restrictions on how it works, such as not being able to backtrack to a previous song.

</doc>
<doc id="19425217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19425217" title="Algernon Greville, 2nd Baron Greville">
Algernon Greville, 2nd Baron Greville

Algernon William Fulke Greville, 2nd Baron Greville (11 February 1841 – 2 December 1909), styled Hon. Algernon Greville-Nugent from 1866 to 1883, was a British politician.
Biography.
Algernon was the eldest son of Fulke Southwell Greville and his wife Lady Rosa Nugent, the only daughter and heir of the Marquess of Westmeath. He purchased a commission as cornet and sub-lieutenant in 1859 in the 1st Regiment of Life Guards, rising to the rank of captain before he retired in 1868.
In 1863, Greville married Lady Beatrice Violet Graham, the daughter of James Graham, 4th Duke of Montrose, by whom he had four children:
He entered the House of Commons as a Liberal in 1865 for Westmeath, which he represented until 1874. He and his father adopted the surname of Greville-Nugent in 1866. He was appointed a Groom in Waiting to Queen Victoria in 1869, resigning in 1873. From 1873 to 1874, he was a Lord of the Treasury in Gladstone's government.
Greville-Nugent succeeded to his father's barony in 1883 and resumed the use of the surname of Greville alone. His eldest son, Ronald, died without issue in 1908, so he was succeeded by his second son Charles upon his own death in 1909.

</doc>
<doc id="19425223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19425223" title="The Reverend Mr. Black">
The Reverend Mr. Black

"The Reverend Mr. Black" is a 1963 song by Billy Edd Wheeler, Mike Stoller, and Jerry Leiber. The chorus came from the 1931 folk song, "The Lonesome Valley," a version of which appears in the 2000 film, "O Brother, Where Art Thou?". It was recorded by The Kingston Trio in 1963 and became a top-ten hit for them on the Billboard Hot 100. Johnny Cash covered the song in 1981. 

</doc>
<doc id="19425263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19425263" title="Scanning the Movies">
Scanning the Movies

Scanning the Movies is a Canadian educational television series which debuted in September 1997, and takes a look at current films to understand and analyze films impact on pop culture. The show was created by host John Pungente for educators in media literacy. The show is produced by Bravo! Canada. Scanning the Movies is presented in classrooms as part of the Cable in the Classroom project.

</doc>
