<doc id="19514694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19514694" title="Two Sides of Leonard Nimoy">
Two Sides of Leonard Nimoy

Two Sides of Leonard Nimoy is Leonard Nimoy's second album released shortly after "Music From Outer Space". It was released in early 1968 by Dot Records.
Background.
The album is a continuation of the "Spock and Space" sound he embarked on Nimoy's debut album. Side one showcases the side fans know as Mr. Spock but in a softer side, along with his struggle between being human and Vulcan. Side two represents Nimoy's interests in a variety of songs; novelty, pop, country and love songs.
Side one of this album is presented on the Varèse Sarabande Records 1995 reissue of "Leonard Nimoy Presents Mr. Spock's Music From Outer Space".
External links.
Review of "Two Sides of Leonard Nimoy" at maidenwine.com, a detailed Leonard Nimoy fan site.

</doc>
<doc id="19514697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19514697" title="Race (bearing)">
Race (bearing)

The rolling-elements of a rolling-element bearing ride on races. The large race that goes into a bore is called the "outer race", and the small race that the shaft rides in is called the "inner race". 
Design.
In the case of ball bearings, the bearing has inner and outer "races" and a set of balls. Each race is a ring with a groove where the balls rest. The groove is usually shaped so the ball is a slightly loose fit in the groove. Thus, in principle, the ball contacts each race at a single point. However, a load on an infinitely small point would cause infinitely high contact pressure. In practice, the ball deforms (flattens) slightly where it contacts each race, much as a tire flattens where it touches the road. The race also dents slightly where each ball presses on it. Thus, the contact between ball and race is of finite size and has finite pressure. Note also that the deformed ball and race do not roll entirely smoothly because different parts of the ball are moving at different speeds as it rolls. Thus, there are opposing forces and sliding motions at each ball/race contact. Overall, these cause bearing drag.
Manufacture.
Centerless grinding.
The outer diameter (OD) of the races are often centerless ground using the throughfeed process. Centerless grinding can achieve a very high degree of accuracy, especially when done in stages. These stages are: rough, semi-finish and finish. Each grinding stage is designed to remove enough stock material from the casing so that the next stage does not encounter any problems such as burning or surface chatter, the finish stage achieves the final dimension. Each grinding wheel at all of the aforementioned stages has a varying degree of abrasive quality (finish being the finest grade) to achieve the appropriate stock removal for the next stage and final surface finish required.
Feeding.
Bearing casings are introduced to the grinding action via means of a transfer from the delivery system to a pair of infeed rollers, these infeed rollers are tapered to a certain angle so that the casings are driven forward until the regulating wheel and grinding wheel catch them and slow them to their grinding speed which can be altered by speed control of the regulating wheel. The casings are constantly rotating and are fed into the grinding area to prevent separation which can cause finish/size problems or even a "bump" that can potentially crack or destroy casings and will damage the grinding and regulating wheels.
Work rest blade.
Whilst grinding, the bearing cases run through the grinding stages in one long tube of casings that is showered with a cutting fluid.
The 'tube' rests on a hardened steel blade with an angled, highly ground surface held on a horizontal plane between the grinding wheel and regulating wheel, often named a Work Rest Blade, the tube causes wear on the working surface of the blade so it must be reground at regular intervals. The height of the work rest blade perfectly aligns the bearing casing with the horizontal centreline of the grinding wheel creating a flawless ground finish, the work rest blade height can be altered using packing bars placed underneath the blade, height adjustments must be made depending on the diameter of the casings being ground.
Inspection.
Each casing exits the grinding zone onto a high speed conveyor that delivers them to whatever storage and/or inspection arrangement a manufacturer may have, inspection is also carried out by the operator of the centreless line, by checking finish appearance, diameter, squareness and roundness by use of a dial test indicator in varying configurations, size allowances are permitted but are extremely tight depending on the customers requirements and can vary plus or minus within micrometres of finish diameter, Sizes can be adjusted on all grinding stages via a compensation button which can be pushed to remove extra material in varying micrometre units, the grinding wheel can move away at the same compensation to make the casings bigger if so required if the casing size moves from the operators target, and as the grinding wheel wears. Because a centerless grinding line has typically three grinding machines the operator must be in complete control and must prevent blockages in transfers, grinding exits and packing areas, also size and quality must constantly be checked, so the operator is always alert while operating the line and checking for problems and quality issues. 
Safety.
Safety features include an emergency stop button which immediately moves the grinding wheel away from the ground rings on its revolutionary axis. Because of the wheel's momentum, it cannot be stopped but the power is cut and the wheel slows naturally, it cannot be reactivated until the emergency stop is reset. After the emergency stop is activated, the size of the workpiece must be re-established before the line can be reactivated into production mode.
Finishing.
The outer and inner bearing casings are then sent on for raceway grinding, superfinishing and final assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="19514703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19514703" title="Vorab Glacier">
Vorab Glacier

The Vorab Glacier (, Romansh: "Glatscher dil Vorab") is a 2 km long glacier (2005) situated in the Glarus Alps in the cantons of Glarus and Graubünden. It lies on the east side of the Vorab, between 2,600 and 3,000 metres above sea level. In 1973 it had an area of 2.17 km².

</doc>
<doc id="19514752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19514752" title="George G. Anderson">
George G. Anderson

George G. Anderson (1839 - May 8, 1884) is best known for making the first ascent to the summit of Half Dome in Yosemite National Park in California, United States on October 12, 1875. During the climb, he drilled the holes which, after 1919, came to house the cables of the popular route up Half Dome. A pioneer without the benefit of modern climbing gear or techniques, Anderson worked barefoot, and placed iron spikes drilled into the rock for protection. The ascent took him days on end.
His one-room log cabin, originally located at what is now Foresta just west of Yosemite Valley, was moved to the Pioneer Yosemite History Center in Wawona where it continues to be preserved.

</doc>
<doc id="19514765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19514765" title="TV-Alvitécnica">
TV-Alvitécnica

TV-Alvitécnica is a retail company founded in Portugal in 1987. It's part of the Tien 21 group, being focused in retailing household appliances and consumer electronics for all the European Union.
Since November 2007 that TV-Alvitécnica has increased its market's visibility by having created its own e-commerce site, blog and forum.

</doc>
<doc id="19514800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19514800" title="Milwaukee Ale House">
Milwaukee Ale House

The Milwaukee Ale House is a pub and restaurant in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, U.S.A. which serves a variety of award winning beers. It is located between Water Street and the Milwaukee River in Milwaukee's Historic Third Ward, and was founded October 17, 1997. The brewpub brews 10 distinct styles of beer in addition to a full menu of food. It has an outdoor patio which overlooks the Milwaukee River. The pub has been described as "one of Wisconsin's most acclaimed brew pubs."
The pub features live music weekly and was recognized as the Best Music Venue by the Wisconsin Area Music Industry in 1999.
The Milwaukee Ale House opened up a second location in Grafton, Wisconsin on May 14, 2008, also located on the Milwaukee River.
The Milwaukee Ale House began to bottle and distribute its beers locally in the summer of 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19514812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19514812" title="Renault Primastella">
Renault Primastella

The Renault Primastella (Type PG8) was an Mid-size luxury car or Executive car automobile manufactured between 1932 to 1935 by Renault.
Details and Evolutions.
The Primastella was released in 1932 with a 6 cylinders 16CV engine, derived from that of the Renault Vivastella but with a slightly smaller cylinder bore. The Primastella "Type PG8" was produced until 1933.
At the 27th Paris Motor Show, in October 1933, the Primastella "Type PG10" appeared. It featured Renault's "aérodynamique" body style, most readily distinguishable by a sloping tail in place of the very vertical one of the earlier Primastella PG8. It was the manufacturer's intention to provide new "aérodynamique" bodies across their range, and this they achieved by the middle of 1934, but the Primastella and the larger cars were already sporting this new look before the end of 1933.

</doc>
<doc id="19514820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19514820" title="Joshua Marquis">
Joshua Marquis

Joshua K. Marquis (born 1952) is an attorney and politician from Astoria, Oregon in the United States. He has served as District Attorney for Clatsop County since 1994. He frequently writes and speaks about capital punishment, and is known for his belief that the death penalty is justified in some cases. He is often quoted as a spokesperson on behalf of the National District Attorneys Association.
Early career.
Marquis earned a law degree from the University of Oregon. He later served as Deputy District Attorney for Lincoln and Lane counties, and then as Chief Deputy District Attorney for Deschutes and Lincoln counties.
Clatsop County District Attorney.
Marquis was appointed District Attorney in Clatsop County by then-Governor Barbara Roberts after his predecessor was convicted and disbarred for gross prosecutorial misconduct.
Marquis was elected in 1994 and reelected in 1998, 2002, 2006 and 2010.
Marquis served as a superdelegate to the 1996 Democratic National Convention.
In 1995 Marquis received the Animal Legal Defense Fund's "Jolene Malone Aggressive Enforcement Award" in recognition of his work on a particularly difficult animal abuse case and in 2006 was the recipient of the Association of Government Attorneys in Capital Litigation's William J. Schaefer Award.
Death penalty advocacy.
Marquis coauthored "Debating the Death Penalty", and numerous other articles that were cited by U.S. Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia in his concurrence in the Supreme Court's decision in Kansas v. Marsh. Marquis worked as a reporter for the "Los Angeles Daily Journal" in the early 1980s and the speechwriter to California Attorney General John Van de Kamp in the mid-1980s. 
Marquis authors a blog which features a list of published articles and commentaries, including book reviews commissioned by the "Wall Street Journal" of Sebastian Junger's "A Death in Belmont" and John Grisham's "".
Marquis is often solicited to write articles on the death penalty, such as the lead article in a special section published by the "Los Angeles Times" prior to the execution of Stanley "Tookie" Williams.
In October 2011 Marquis was one of four panelists invited to discuss capital punishment at the New Yorker Festival on a panel that also included Innocence Project founder Barry Scheck,death penalty opponent Danalynn Recer, and crime victim's advocate Marc Klass. CNN's Jeffrey Toobin moderated the event at the Directors Guild Theater in Manhattan, New York City.
Other activities.
Marquis also served on Oregon's Criminal Justice Commission from 2005 to 2009, serves as vice chair of the Animal Legal Defense Fund. and was elected in August 2009 to the American Bar Association's Criminal Justice Leadership Council for a three year term.[http://www.abanet.org/crimjust/leadership.html]
Marquis is an outspoken prosecutor who is frequently asked to "special prosecute" conflict of interest cases for other District Attorneys. He has successfully prosecuted a Benton County lawyer, a former courtroom rival, and the 1985 case in which Marquis defeated famed defense attorney Gerry Spence when Michael Jones was convicted (later overturned), which became the subject of Spence's 2003 book, "The Smoking Gun". During the trial of Sandra Jones (Michael's mother) he was disqualified by the judge, Harl H. Haas, Jr., with Marquis then filing a judicial fitness complaint.
In addition to having worked for more than six years, and recently started on 1st and 3rd Monday's as a jazz disc jockey at KMUN-FM, [http://www.coastradio.org/evejazz.html] since 1994 Marquis has also played the cameo role of the Sheriff in the community play Shanghaied In Astoria.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="19514826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19514826" title="Robert Nihon">
Robert Nihon

Robert Alexis "Bob" Nihon (born July 4, 1950 - August 10, 2007) was a Canadian businessman, one of the heirs of the Nihon family fortune and former wrestler. He was Alexis Nihon's son along with his brother Alexis Nihon, Jr., and eventually inherited a part of his father's fortune. 
Robert Nihon lived in Lyford Cay, Bahamas where he was known to spend time on his yacht. 
He also competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City along with his brother Alexis as a freestyle wrestler.

</doc>
<doc id="19514831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19514831" title="Minuscule 7">
Minuscule 7

Minuscule 7 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering); ε 287 (Soden). It is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 12th century. 
Description.
The codex contains the complete text of the four Gospels on 186 parchment leaves (). The text is written in one column per page, 29 lines per page. The capital letters are written in colour, the initial letters are written in red.
The text is divided according to the ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin, with the ("titles") at the top of the pages. There is also a division according to the smaller Ammonian Sections (in Mark 241 sections), with references to the Eusebian Canons. 
It contains Prolegomena, synaxaria, Epistula ad Carpianum, the Eusebian Canon tables at the beginning, pictures, Menologion, and lectionary markings at the margin.
Text.
According to Tischendorf it represents the Byzantine text but with some Alexandrian readings.
Kurt Aland did not place it in any Category.
According to the Claremont Profile Method it textual cluster along with the manuscripts 267, 1651, and 1654. The cluster stands close to the textual family Kx.
It belongs to the textual Family 1424.
History.
The manuscript was examined by Wettstein and Scholz. Scholz examined only Mark 1-6 and John 3-8. According to F. H. A. Scrivener it seems to be Stephens' ς'. 
It was examined and described by Paulin Martin. C. R. Gregory saw the manuscript in 1885.
Wettstein gave the number 7 to it.
The codex is located now at the National Library of France (Gr. 71) in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="19514834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19514834" title="Alejandra Espinoza">
Alejandra Espinoza

Alejandra Espinoza Cruz (born March 27, 1987 in Tijuana, Baja California) is a Mexican beauty queen, Model, and TV presenter. She won the first year of Univision's beauty contest/reality television show Nuestra Belleza Latina on May 22, 2007.
Pageants.
Prior to participating in Nuestra Belleza Latina 2007, Espinoza competed in the Nuestra Belleza Mexico 2006 pageant, finishing in fourth place.
Espinoza competed against 11 other finalists on Nuestra Belleza Latina 2007. On the final show hosted by Giselle Blondet, she competed against five remaining finalists with a live performance by Cristian Castro. After 11 weeks of competition and eliminations, she won the grand prize of $100,000 in cash prizes, a contract with the Univision network and the title "Nuestra Belleza Latina 2007".
Current endeavors.
Espinoza currently works as a model and co-presenter on Sabado Gigante starring Don Francisco. In 2013, Univision announced that she will also be a co-host on Nuestra Belleza Latina 2014. She is represented by MC2 Model Management in Miami.
Early life.
Espinoza comes from a family of ten children. Her mother's name is Rosa María and she emigrated with her family to San Ysidro, California in 2001. Espinoza worked as a foreign currency exchange cashier and participated in beauty pageants in her free time. Prior to winning Nuestra Belleza Latina, she did not watch Univision very much.
References.
She also worked at McDonald prior to winning NBL

</doc>
<doc id="19514836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19514836" title="Henry Giessenbier">
Henry Giessenbier

Henry Giessenbier was the founder of the United States Junior Chamber in 1920. He was a St. Louis banker.

</doc>
<doc id="19514852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19514852" title="R. H. Williams">
R. H. Williams

R. H. Williams is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="19514865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19514865" title="Box 1991–2008">
Box 1991–2008

Box 1991–2008 is a summary of the Swedish rock group Kent's career. The Box contains almost everything the group has ever recorded between 1991 and 2008. It contains every B-side, many demo recordings and every studio album. It also contains the first official live recording the group has ever made of a concert, a live recording of a new, previously unreleased song called "Håll ditt huvud högt" ("Hold your head high") made during a concert in the band's hometown of Eskilstuna in July 2008.
Content.
The Box contains every studio album the band has ever recorded, except for their English releases of "Isola" and "Hagnesta Hill" and their respective singles, and also every B-side released after 2000 (all pre-2000 B-sides were released on the compilation CD "B-sidor 95–00", which is also included in the box). It also include some demo recordings and four songs that were recorded pre-Kent. Two songs that were released when the band went under the name of Havsänglar ("Sea Angels") and two recorded when the band was called Jones & Giftet ("Jones & the Poison"). All albums have new covers and the box contains inner bags drawn by lead singer Jocke Berg. The box also contains a 96-page-long interview with the band made by Swedish journalist, columnist and writer Jan Gradvall. The box also contains tour history, song lyrics and private pictures.
Track listing.
Kent.
Bonus tracks: 
Verkligen.
Bonus tracks: 
Isola.
Bonus tracks: 
Hagnesta Hill.
Bonus track: 
Vapen & ammunition.
Bonus tracks: 
Du & jag döden.
Bonus tracks: 
The hjärta & smärta EP.
Bonus track: 
Tillbaka till samtiden.
Bonus tracks: 
Signings.
One week after the box had been released, Kent held two signings in Sweden, one in Stockholm at Åhléns, and another one in Gothenburg at Bengans Record Store. The two signings were held at the same day, only a few hours apart.
References.
All information about personnel are taken from English Wikipedia articles about the respective album, except Producers on B-Sidor 95-00 (Checked the CD booklet) and interviewer (http://www.kent.nu/index.start.asp)

</doc>
<doc id="19514887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19514887" title="USS Kansas City (AOR-3)">
USS Kansas City (AOR-3)

USS "Kansas City" (AOR-3) was the third of the s. She was the second ship to be named for the city of Kansas City, Missouri.
The keel was laid on 18 April 1968 at the Fore River Shipyard in Quincy, Massachusetts, and the ship was launched on 1 June 1969. The ship was commissioned on 6 June 1970 and saw service in the Vietnam War and Operation Desert Storm. Subsequently, the ship was decommissioned on 7 October 1994, and was stricken from the Navy List on 8 April 1997. She is currently at the Suisun Bay Reserve Fleet, Benicia, California, awaiting final disposal.
She was towed to Mare Island on July 31st, 2013 and is in dry dock to be cleaned in preparation for being towed to Texas for scrapping.
Awards.
"Kansas City" earned three battle stars and the Meritorious Unit Commendation for Vietnam service.

</doc>
<doc id="19514896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19514896" title="Jeff Johnson (baseball)">
Jeff Johnson (baseball)

William Jeffrey "Jeff" Johnson (born August 4, 1966) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. He played with the New York Yankees for his entire Major League career. Born in Durham, North Carolina, Johnson attended South Granville High School, then University of North Carolina at Charlotte where he played college baseball. He was only one of nine people from the University of North Carolina at Charlotte to have played Major League Baseball. On June 1, 1988, Johnson was drafted by the New York Yankees in the 6th round (157th overall pick) of the 1988 amateur draft. He was listed at in height, and 200 lb. in weight. During his three year Major League Baseball career, Johnson batted right-handed and threw left-handed. He is currently the pitching coach for the West Virginia Power.
Major League Baseball career.
Jeff Johnson made his major league debut on June 5, 1991 at age 24 with the New York Yankees. On that day, the Toronto Blue Jays were playing against the Yankees at Yankee Stadium, with 21,213 people attending the game. Johnson was the starting pitcher for the game. He pitched until the seventh inning, then he was replaced by Eric Plunk. Plunk finished the game. Unfortunately, at the end of the game, the New York Yankees lost to the Toronto Blue Jays 4–1.
"The New York Times" published an article on March 20, 1992, mentioning that Johnson had been bothered by rumors he had heard about the New York Yankees pursuing different pitchers.
Johnson played his final major league baseball game on June 12, 1993. On September 17, 1993, Johnson was released by the New York Yankees. He then signed as a free agent with the Cleveland Indians on February 14, 1994, though he never pitched for them.
At the end of his career, Johnson had pitched a total of 182.1 innings. He also earned a career earned run average (ERA) of 6.52, with 8 wins and 16 losses, along with 76 strikeouts.

</doc>
<doc id="19514904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19514904" title="Lisboa VR">
Lisboa VR

Lisboa, until 2009 named Estremadura, is a Portuguese wine region covering the same areas as the Estremadura region, and taking its name from the country's capital. The region is classified as a "Vinho Regional" (VR), a designation similar to a French "vin de pays" region. While the Beiras and Alentejo VRs are largest geographically, the Lisboa region is Portugal's largest producer of wine by volume. The region stretches from Lisbon along the Atlantic coast to the Bairrada DOC.
In early 2009, the region was renamed from Estremadura to Lisboa to avoid confusion with the Spanish wine region Extremadura and to capitalize on the internationally well-known name of the country's capital.
Wine regions.
Within the Lisboa region there are 9 subregions at the DOC level.
Grapes.
The principle grapes of the Lisboa region includes Alfrocherio Preto, Antao Vaz, Arinto, Baga, Bastardo, Borrado das Moscas, Cabernet Sauvignon, Camarate, Chardonnay, Esgana Cao, Fernao Pires, Graciano, Jampal, Malvasia, Moreto, Periquita, Rabo de Ovelha, Ramisco, Tamarez, Tinta Amarela, Trincadeira das Pratas, Ugni blanc and Vital.

</doc>
<doc id="19514926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19514926" title="Edward Lewis (Decca)">
Edward Lewis (Decca)

Sir Edward Roberts Lewis (19 April 1900 – 29 January 1980) was an English businessman, best known for leading the Decca recording and technology group for five decades from 1929. He built the company up from nothing to one of the major record labels of the world.
A financier by profession, Lewis was professionally engaged by the fledgling Decca company. Having failed to persuade its directors to diversify from making record-players to making records, he raised the capital to take the company over, and ran it until his death. Among the ground-breaking achievements of Decca under Lewis were the "Decca Navigation System" (a forerunner of radar), the Decca "ffrr" recording technology, and the first release on record of Wagner's ""Ring" cycle.
Biography.
Early years.
Lewis was born in Derby, the only boy of four children of Sir Alfred Edward Lewis (1868–1940) and his wife, May "née" Roberts. Alfred Lewis was a senior official, and later head, of the National Provincial Bank. Lewis was educated at Rugby School and Trinity College, Cambridge.
After leaving Cambridge, Lewis worked in the financial sector, joining the London Stock Exchange. In 1923 he married Margaret Mary (‘Masie’) Hutton. There were two sons of the marriage, one of whom died, while still a boy, in a drowning accident. The other son later became the senior partner in Lewis's stockbroking firm. The firm, E. R. Lewis & Co, was founded when Lewis was 28, and was still trading after his death.
Lewis's firm acted as brokers for a company that had recently changed its name to The Decca Gramophone Company. It manufactured recording and play-back equipment and had developed the world's first portable gramophone. With Lewis's help, Decca was successfully floated as a public company. The share issue was oversubscribed by twenty times.
Decca.
Despite the success of the public offering, Lewis had reservations about Decca's future. He remarked that "a company manufacturing gramophones but not records is rather like one making razors but not consumable blades". He proposed that Decca, which already had a global reputation and distribution network, should use them to expand into making and selling records, potentially a much more profitable activity than merely making equipment.
The Duophone Record Company, with its record factory in the London suburb of New Malden, was in difficulties, and Lewis tried to persuade the directors of Decca to buy it. They did not wish to do so, and so Lewis formed a syndicate and proceeded with the purchase, not only of Duophone, but of Decca itself. The new Decca Record Company came under the management of Lewis's reconstituted Decca Gramophone Company in 1929. That year, however, was the year of the Wall Street crash and the collapse of financial markets. The record industry suffered along with most others. Within a year, Decca's bankers were threatening to withdraw credit, and Lewis insisted on bold moves to keep the new company competitive with its huge, established rival, EMI, formed by the merger of HMV and Columbia. He cut the retail price of Decca records to less than half that of EMI's and secured the resignation of Decca's managing director, S. C. Newton, whose role Lewis effectively took over, though he was never officially more than a member of the board of directors until 1957, when he took the title of chairman.
At this point Decca was primarily a popular music label. Lewis secured new artists for the label, including Gertrude Lawrence and Jack Hylton, and Decca took over the American Brunswick Records, which brought leading popular American artists, such as Bing Crosby and Al Jolson, to the Decca group. On the classical side, Decca issued some Handel Concerti Grossi, conducted by Ernest Ansermet, as early as December 1929, but most of its classical releases came from the Polydor catalogue, to which Lewis had acquired the British rights for Decca. By the mid-1930s, Decca was enlarging its domestic classical catalogue with artists such as Sir Henry Wood, Clifford Curzon, Sir Hamilton Harty and Boyd Neel. Despite Lewis's financial skill, and rigorous economies throughout the company, Decca's survival remained at risk until 1934, when the company began to make inroads into the profitable American market. When World War II broke out in 1939, Lewis sold his interest in Decca's American subsidiary.
World War II and post-war years.
Having narrowly survived the 1930s, Decca flourished during the war. Record sales went up, which Lewis attributed to the demand for entertainment at home rather than in theatres. The success of the record division of the group was mirrored by that of the technical division, which played a crucial and remunerative part in the development of radar and other navigational equipment. From this sprang Decca's revolutionary new recording technique known as "ffrr" (full frequency range recording), introduced in 1944, which put Decca far ahead of its rivals in the realism of sound on its discs. At the end of the war, Lewis authorised the expansion of Decca's classical programme to make it international, with recordings in Paris, Amsterdam, Zurich, Geneva, Bayreuth and Vienna. The producer John Culshaw wrote, "Within five years of the end of the war Decca was well and truly in the big league."
In 1947, Lewis established a new American subsidiary of British Decca, London Records.
Lewis was a shrewd picker of employees and associates. His choice of Culshaw, the pioneering engineer Arthur Haddy, and the international manager Maurice Rosengarten were crucial to Decca's success. Lewis kept Decca ahead of the British competition by launching the long-playing record in Europe in June 1950, following the example of American Columbia, and encouraging the development of stereophony as early as 1954. In the 1960s, Decca famously turned down an agreement with The Beatles, but made amends for the error by signing up The Rolling Stones and other successful groups. On the classical side, Lewis took the risk of backing Culshaw's hugely expensive plan to make a high-quality studio recording of Wagner's "Ring cycle" which, to the amazement and envy of Decca's rivals, proved to be a best-seller.
Later years.
In the "Oxford Dictionary of National Biography", Peter Martland writes of Lewis: "Like many who create, build, and retain close personal control over large enterprises, Lewis was unable to appoint a successor or relinquish control of the business. As a consequence, in 1980, days before his death, the business, then in the grip of a serious financial crisis, was sold." In his memoirs, John Culshaw recorded the missed opportunities of Lewis's later years, when his entrepreneurial flair and his instincts for the market had been overtaken by a cautious conservatism.
Lewis gave large sums of money to Rugby School and the Middlesex Hospital. He was uninterested in high living, despite his large personal fortune. His first wife died in 1968, and in 1973 he married Jeanie Margaret Smith. He died of cancer at his London house, in Chelsea, on 29 January 1980 at the age of 79.
After Lewis' death, British Decca was sold to PolyGram.

</doc>
<doc id="19514930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19514930" title="Dennis Sherrill">
Dennis Sherrill

Dennis Lee Sherrill is a former Major League Baseball player for the New York Yankees. After being the Yankees' first round pick in the 1974 Major League Baseball Draft, he played just five games in the major leagues, two in and three in . Despite playing just five games, Sherrill managed to play four different positions: designated hitter, shortstop, second base, and third base (twice).

</doc>
<doc id="19514938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19514938" title="Kennitala">
Kennitala

The kennitala (plural: "kennitölur"; abbreviated "kt.") is a unique national identification number used by the Icelandic government to identify individuals and organisations in Iceland, administered by the National Registry ("Þjóðskrá"). "Kennitölur" are issued to Icelandic citizens at birth, and to foreign nationals resident in Iceland upon registration. They are also issued to corporations and institutions.
Number derivation.
"Kennitölur" are composed of ten digits. For a personal "kennitala", the first six of these are the individual's date of birth in the format DDMMYY. The seventh and eighth digits are randomly chosen when the "kennitala" is allocated, the ninth is a check digit, and the tenth indicates the century of the individual's birth: '9' for 1900–1999, '0' for 2000 and beyond. "Kennitölur" are often written with a hyphen following the first six digits, e.g. 120174-3389.
The check digit equations is V = 11 - ((3a1 + 2a2 + 7a3 + 6a4 + 5a5 + 4a6 + 3a7 + 2a8) mod 11)
The consequence of this design is that no more than 100 people can be born on the same day.
Use.
The system is similar to that employed by some other European countries, but Iceland makes unusually extensive and public use of its "kennitölur", with businesses and educational institutions eschewing internal identification numbers in favour of the national system, and its use being mandated in banking transactions. Furthermore, online banking services in Iceland offer a lookup service to check names against numbers. Because of their public nature, "kennitölur" are not used for authentication. The completeness of Iceland's National Register has eliminated the need for the country to conduct a regular census: population statistics can be obtained by simply querying the database.

</doc>
<doc id="19514960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19514960" title="Nkosinathi Ngema">
Nkosinathi Ngema

Nkosinathi Nhleko (born 14 September 1979 in Katlehong) is a South African football player currently with Thanda Royal Zulu.

</doc>
<doc id="19514961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19514961" title="1994 Karamay fire">
1994 Karamay fire

The 1994 Karamay fire () is considered one of the worst civilian fires in the history of the People's Republic of China. On December 8, 1994, a fire broke out in a theatre hosting 1,000 children and teachers in Karamay, Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region. During the fire, the students and teachers were ordered to remain seated to allow Communist Party officials to walk out first. The fire killed 325, including 288 schoolchildren.
Incident.
Fire.
On December 8, 1994, 500 schoolchildren were taken to a special variety performance at a theatre in Karamay at Friendship Theatre (友谊馆). Most were the best and brightest pupils in their classes, aged between 7 and 14. From the accounts of survivors, it appears that spot lights near the stage either short-circuited or fell. The curtain caught fire, then exploded, and fire engulfed the auditorium within a minute or two.
Controversy.
The first few seconds was the most crucial, and controversial of the disaster. Survivors insist that a female official immediately stood up and shouted: "Students sit down; don’t move. Let the leaders walk out first (
)" (Note: In Chinese, the order: 让领导先走 has since became a popular internet catch phrase, meaning the government officials have priority over ordinary folks in times of emergency). She has since been identified in online articles as Kuang Li (况丽), who was vice-director of the state petroleum company’s local education centre, though there has been no official confirmation of this. The teachers obeyed, and the children remain seated. By the time the about 20 Communist Party officials had filed out through the only opened emergency exit, when all the other exits remained locked, it was too late. Teachers hurried the pupils out of their seats to other exits, only to find that the emergency exit doors were locked, and no one seem to care enough to get them opened. Parents and survivors alleged that Kuang took refuge in a ladies’ cloakroom that could have sheltered 30 people and barred the doors behind her. A 10 year old boy said "My teacher asked me to run out of the theatre, but when I stood up the hall was smothered in smoke and fire. The power then cut out. People could see nothing. The place was full of crying and shouting."
Aftermath.
A total of 325 deaths were reported, with 288 of them being school children. Most of the 36 adults were teachers. About 100 corpses were heaped up outside the cloakroom. In 1995, 300 families of the dead and injured sent representatives to the National People’s Congress in Beijing, supposedly the venue for Chinese citizens to seek justice and a fair hearing. They were led off by security guards to a walled government compound, where five buses took them back to the airport. The group were then escorted through special channels to a plane bound for Xinjiang.
A court convicted a total of 14 people. Four of them, senior officials, were convicted of dereliction of duty and sentenced up to five years in prison.
Families received compensation of up to 50,589 yuan.
In popular culture.
A popular Chinese folk singer Zou Yunpon (周雲蓬) has compiled a list of Chinese man-made disasters and turned it into a song, and the Karamay fire incident was mentioned in the song, so was the internet catch phrase: 讓領導先走 (translit. "Let the leaders walk out first".)

</doc>
<doc id="19514969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19514969" title="University of the Philippines Manila College of Arts and Sciences">
University of the Philippines Manila College of Arts and Sciences

The University of the Philippines Manila - College of Arts and Sciences is the largest college by population of the University of the Philippines Manila, one of the constituent universities of the University of the Philippines System.
The college offers subjects under the general education curriculum. It provides education to around 1,200 non-CAS students and 1,700 CAS students annually. It is the college which offers the most number of subjects every semester.
History.
When the University of the Philippines transferred to Diliman, the U.P. Board of Regents approved a resolution creating a University Extension Division on June 21, 1951. The Division was to be located in the original Manila campus of the University, and had for its mission, to service the working students. Courses offered included undergraduate subjects in the general education program leading to an Associate in Arts or a Bachelor's degree in Arts, Business Administration, Education and Law and three graduate programs: Master of Education, Master of Arts and Master in Industrial Management.
On November 22, 1966, the Board of Regents adopted a resolution specifying the Plan of Operations for the Extension Division which provided for the following: 1.) limitation of curricular offerings to undergraduate courses of the College of Arts and Sciences; and 2.) creation of an Academic Advisory Committee to oversee the program of courses with the Director of the Extension Division as chairman, and the Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences, U.P. Diliman and the Director for Undergraduate Studies as members. As a result of this resolution the supervision of some of the programs, specifically the graduate program in education and the undergraduate program in Business Administration were transferred to the mother colleges. The Extension Division was also renamed College of Arts and Sciences, Manila unit. At this point, the future of the Extension Unit became uncertain.
In 1969, with the assumption of Salvador Lopez as U.P. President, the atmosphere of uncertainty somehow changed. In 1969, the Manila unit was elevated to college status with "U.P. Extension in Manila" as its new name and designation of its head was changed from director to dean. Prof. David G. Wico, director then, assumed the title of dean in his last year of service at the University.
After Dr. Bonifacio S. Salamanca took over as dean, the college experienced vigorous growth. Expansion included the institution of new degree programs, such as B.S. Biological Sciences and the appointment of more full-time faculty members and administrative personnel. This led to the creation of three academic committees which later evolved into the Divisions of Humanities, Physical and Biological Sciences, and Social Sciences.
In 1973, the name of the college was further changed to U.P. College in Manila.
On March 19, 1975, U.P. President O.D. Corpuz issued Administrative Order No. 17, advising the college to re-examine its goals. Dr. Nestor N. Pilar was appointed dean in 1978. The college's objectives of giving an arts and sciences education were re-emphasized. A new degree program, B.A. Development Studies was also offered.
When Atty. Edgardo J. Angara assumed the U.P. presidency, he created two committees: one to re-examine curricular offerings (Committee to Review Academic Programs or CRAP) and the other, the Management Review Committee or MRC to re-examine the organizational structure and management of the University. It was the latter's recommendation which was approved by the Board of Regents later embodied in Executive No. 4. This made possible the creation of the autonomous University of the Philippines in Manila on October 22, 1982.
This started the rapid growth of U.P. Manila. In 1985, under Dr. Benjamin Lozare, the Division of Physical and Biological Sciences was renamed Division of Natural Sciences and Mathematics and the B.S. Biological Sciences became B.S. Biology. New curriculum offerings which included B.A. Organizational Communication, B.A. Philippine Arts were instituted. Under the stewardship of Dean Angela P. Sarile, the CAS has 5 departments: Biology, Arts and Communication, Physical Education, Physical Sciences and Mathematics and Social Sciences.
Departments.
The College is divided into six academic departments which offer courses in the Natural and Social Sciences, The Humanities and Physical Education.
Academic programs.
The college offers the following academic degree programs:

</doc>
<doc id="19514976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19514976" title="Les Résultats du féminisme">
Les Résultats du féminisme

Les Résultats du féminisme is a 1906 French silent comedy film directed by Alice Guy. It was remade in 1912 as "In the Year 2000".

</doc>
<doc id="19514995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19514995" title="Pexec">
Pexec

pexec is a command-line driven utility for Linux or other Unix-like operating systems which allows the user to execute "for ~ do ~ done" like shell loops in parallel. The specified command or (a piece of) script can be executed on both local and remote host computers, in the case of remote execution, ssh is used to build a secure tunnel between the hosts. Like in shell loops, a pre-defined shell (environmental) variable is varied during the loop which is passed transparently to the command or script. pexec is a free software utility, and part of the GNU Project. It is available under the terms of GPLv3
as well as it is part of the current Debian testing release.
Usage.
The most common usage is to replace the shell loop, for example:
to the form of:
where the set with the 4 elements of "alpha" "bravo" "charlie" and "delta" define the possible values for the (environmental)
variable $x. The program pexec features also
Such optional features can be requested using command-line arguments. By default, pexec tries to detect the number of CPUs and uses all of them.

</doc>
<doc id="19515009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515009" title="Minuscule 8">
Minuscule 8

Minuscule 8 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 164 (von Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament on parchment. It is dated palaeographically to the 11th century. The manuscript has complex contents. It has complex contents and full marginalia.
Description.
The codex contains the complete text of the four Gospels, on 199 parchment leaves (). The text is written in two columns per page, 22 lines per page. The initial letters in red.
The text is divided according to the κεφαλαια ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin, with the τιτλοι ("titles of chapters") at the top of the pages. There is also a division according to the Ammonian Sections, with references to the Eusebian Canons. 
It contains the Epistula ad Carpianum, the Eusebian Canon tables, prolegomena, pictures, lectionary markings at the margin (for liturgical use), Menologion, and Synaxarion.
The passages of John 5:3.4 and the Pericope Adulterae (John 7:53-8:11) are marked with an obelus.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Hermann von Soden classified it to the textual family Family Kx. Aland placed it in Category V.
According to the Claremont Profile Method it represents Kx in Luke 1, Luke 10, and Luke 20.
In John 1:29 it lacks ο Ιωαννης along with manuscripts Sinaiticus, Alexandrinus, Vaticanus, Cyprius, Campianus, Petropolitanus Purpureus, Vaticanus 354, Nanianus, Macedoniensis, Sangallensis, Koridethi, Petropolitanus, Athous Lavrensis, 045, 047, 0141, 9, 565, 1192;
History.
Formerly it belonged to Antonelli Petrucci, a secretary of Ferdinand I, king of Naples. Then to Fontainebleau. This codex was used by Robert Estienne in his Editio Regia (1550), in which was designated as ζ'. In result its readings became a part of the Textus Receptus. 
It was examined by Wettstein, Scholz, and Gregory (in 1884). Scholz examined only Gospel of John. It was examined and described by Paulin Martin. C. R. Gregory saw the manuscript in 1884.
The codex is located now at the National Library of France (Gr. 49) in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="19515012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515012" title="Gabriel Ochoa Uribe">
Gabriel Ochoa Uribe

Gabriel Ochoa Uribe (born November 20 in Sopetrán) is a former Colombian football player and manager. He won four league titles and the Copa Colombia with Millonarios as a player and a remarkable 14 league titles as a manager making him the most successful Colombian coach of all time.
Playing career.
Ochoa Uribe started his playing career at the age of 17 in 1946, his first club was América de Cali. In 1959 he joined Millonarios where he won four league titles playing alongside the great Alfredo di Stéfano
In 1953 he joined Brazilian side América and returned to Millonarios in 1955, he played until 1958 when he took over as manager of Millonarios.
Managerial career.
In his first two spells as manager of Millonarios Ochoa Uribe led them to four league titles. He also had a short spell coaching the Colombia national team. 
In 1966 he coached Santa Fe, leading them to the Colombian championship and making them the first Colombian team ever to reach the semi-finals of Copa Libertadores.
He returned to Millonarios between 1970 and 1977, he won his tenth league title with the club as player and coach with the 1972 league championship.
In 1979 he became manager of América de Cali, he led them to 7 league championships, they were runners-up in the Copa Libertadores three times consecutively (1985, 1986, 1987). He retired in 1991.
Titles as a player.
Millonarios
Titles as a manager.
Millonarios
Santa Fe
América de Cali

</doc>
<doc id="19515022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515022" title="BLDGBLOG">
BLDGBLOG

BLDGBLOG is an architecture blog authored by futurist Geoff Manaugh, former senior editor at "Dwell" magazine and a contributing editor at Wired UK. It is acclaimed by "The Wall Street Journal", "The Atlantic" and "The Architectural Review".
Bibliography.
The "BLDGBLOG Book" was published by Chronicle Books in April 2009. The book includes numerous essays and images from the website, but Manaugh's favored themes are heavily expanded in the body text of the book, which was written specifically for the publication.

</doc>
<doc id="19515024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515024" title="Black Donald">
Black Donald

Black Donald (Scottish Gaelic: "Domhnall Dubh" or "Domnuill-dhu") is a Highland colloquialism for the Devil in Scottish mythology. The defining characteristic of Black Donald is his cloven feet, which betray whatever disguise he assumes.

</doc>
<doc id="19515069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515069" title="Yemen at the 1992 Summer Paralympics">
Yemen at the 1992 Summer Paralympics

Yemen competed at the 1992 Summer Paralympics in Barcelona, Spain. The delegation consisted of two competitors: A. M. Al-Hamdany in track and field athletics, and Said Al-Huribi in both track and field athletics and swimming. A third man, table tennis player Shaif Al-Kawlany, was registered for the games but did not compete.

</doc>
<doc id="19515073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515073" title="WAGR D class">
WAGR D class

The WAGR D Class was a type of 4-6-4T tank locomotive used by the Western Australian Government Railways between 1912 and 1964. The class was used mostly on suburban passenger workings. It was also the basis for the later Dm and Dd classes of tank engine, which continued this role until the end of steam on WA's Railways.
All 20 members of the class were built in 1912 by the North British Locomotive Co.
Class list.
The numbers and periods in service of each member of the D class were as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="19515074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515074" title="Followap">
Followap

Followap was the leading provider and pioneer of mobile Messenger - Instant Messaging and Presence solutions to the mobile industry. It was founded and managed by Dotan Volach and Ben Volach when mobile Internet was just born. By the time it was acquired, it had over 20 mobile operators many of them tier-ones, serving a combined user base of over 200 million subscribers. Followap’s products enabled operators to establish advanced, interoperable mobile Messenger and presence-enhanced services, which were key for next-generation networks. Followap held numerous patents and was actively contributing to industry standardization efforts in forums including OMA, XMPP, IETF, 3GPP and the GSM Association. Followap cooperated with device manufacturers including Samsung, Nokia and LG. 
Followap has launched the first commercial mobile Messenger service in the year 2000 in partnership with Eircell, Ireland's largest mobile network. Other key customers of Followap included the Vodafone Group, Hutchison 3G Group, BT Group, Turkcell, Telecom Italia, Wind and Vimpelcom.
The mobile Messenger which Followap pioneered evolved into extremely popular services following the introduction of the iPhone and App stores for wide-market distribution. These include Whatsapp, Line, QQ, WeChat and KakaoTalk. 
The company was acquired by NeuStar for $139M in November 2006. Investors included Sequoia Capital and Carmel Ventures.

</doc>
<doc id="19515097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515097" title="Association of Australian Artistes">
Association of Australian Artistes

The Association of Australian Artistes was established in London in 1975 by Australian expatriate James Hunt. It was based at Australia House and its aims and objectives were to present new Australian plays around London's Fringe featuring professional Australian actors then living in London. The inaugural Production Coordinator was Barbara Angell and a fund-raising concert was held in the Australia House basement on Sunday, 25 January 1976, coinciding with the Australia Day Weekend. Monies raised supported the group during its lifetime. Members included Ken Shorter[http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0795144/], Darlene Johnson, Bob Hornery, Mark McManus. Playwrights who were premiered in London included Steve J. Spears. The Association continued for about 2 years, presenting at such as The Arts Theatre, The Gate and various pub rooms until security measures during the IRA bombing campaign inhibited audience attendances.
References.
"The Stage", Thursday 22 January 1976.
"Time Out", week-commencing 19 January 1976
"The Angell Papers", Performing Arts Collection, The Arts Centre, Melbourne, Scrapbook No. 3, Box 1A5

</doc>
<doc id="19515108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515108" title="WAGR Dm class">
WAGR Dm class

The WAGR Dm class was a type of 4-6-4T tank engine used by the Western Australian Government Railways from 1945. It was based on the earlier D class but differed significantly in the addition of large boiler-length side tanks, and was built by converting older E Class tender locomotives. The Dm Class served on suburban workings around Perth until the end of steam of Western Australia's railways.
Background.
The Second World War was a major setback for Western Australia's railway system. The need to move large numbers of troops and material had taken its toll on the ability of the railways to continue the construction of much needed motive power. During the war years only 13 new locomotives were built, three to the S class design and 10 Australian Standard Garratts. By 1944, approximately a quarter of the WAGR's locomotive fleet was out of action pending maintenance. Much of it was over forty years old.
Class list.
The numbers and periods in service of each member of the Dm class were as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="19515122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515122" title="Peacock Alley (1930 film)">
Peacock Alley (1930 film)

Peacock Alley is a 1930 American musical romantic drama film directed by Marcel de Sano, and starring Mae Murray and George Barraud. The film is a remake of the 1921 silent film of the same name in which Murray also stars. Aside from Murray being cast in the lead, the remake was largely different from the 1921 silent film. While Murray's character in the 1921 film was named Cleo, she was renamed Claire Tree in this film. George Barraud replaced Monte Blue as the male lead, who is now named Clayton Stoddard.
The film was shot in black-and-white and had one, two-color Technicolor sequence in which Murray tangoed and impersonated both a toreador and a bull was featured in the film.
Overview.
The film takes place entirely in New York City, removing the Paris portion of the earlier film's plot. Rather than falling in love with a man who happens along her way, Claire is actively looking for a husband. Two possibilities present themselves: a Texan, who ultimately rejects Claire because he believes her to be immoral, and Stoddard, who agrees to marry her in the end.
Production notes.
Produced by Tiffany Pictures, the film was lavishly produced with elaborate sets despite its low budget. Murray's silent films had been very successful and she and Bob Leonard had been founding members of Tiffany. However, by the time this remake was produced Murray's marriage to Leonard had come to an end as had the fortunes of Tiffany Pictures.
The film was intended to be a comeback vehicle for Murray as her career had declined after she was unofficially blacklisted by Louis B. Mayer after she walked out on her MGM contract in 1927. Unlike the silent version, the sound remake of "Peacock Alley" did not boost Murray's career and earned mostly unfavorable reviews. Photoplay called the film "a sorry affair" and Murray's performance "more affected and more bee-stung of mouth than ever. You'll laugh at the drama and weep over the comedy."
Murray alleged that Tiffany Pictures' crew had damaged her career by way of their technical incompetence displayed throughout the film. Because of this, she attempted to sue the company for $1,750,000, but was unsuccessful.

</doc>
<doc id="19515127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515127" title="Frozen banana">
Frozen banana

Frozen bananas are desserts made by placing a banana upon a stick, freezing it, and usually dipping it in melted chocolate. They may be covered with toppings such as chopped nuts, sprinkles, sugar and crushed cookies.
History.
Don Phillips, also known as the frozen banana king, opened the first frozen banana stand - The Original Frozen Banana - on Balboa Peninsula, located in Orange County, California, circa 1940. In 1963, Bob Teller, who moved to the area with plans to manufacture car seat belts, instead opened a frozen banana stand after being inspired by Phillips' success. Teller opened his stand - The Original Banana Rolla Rama - right across the street from Phillips' original shop. In the winter months, Teller hauled the trailer to various county fairs. When Phillips died a few years later, Teller bought the business and used it to expand to other locations. Frozen bananas are a tradition on Balboa Island to this day.
Cultural references.
In the Fox television series "Arrested Development", the Bluth Company owns and runs a frozen banana stand. The stand is on Balboa Pier. In the show's pilot, the narrator states that the stand was built in 1953. During the show's fourth season, a promotional tour brought the Bluth banana stand to the city of Newport.

</doc>
<doc id="19515140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515140" title="WAGR Dd class">
WAGR Dd class

The WAGR Dd Class was a class of tank engine steam locomotive used by the Western Australian Government Railways between 1946 and the end of steam on Western Australia's suburban railway network.
The Dd type tank engines were based on the earlier Dm Class which were in turn a reconstruction of the earlier WAGR D Class tank engines, using components of the old E Class tender engines. All of the D-type tank engines featured a 4-6-4 wheel configuration.
Class list.
The numbers and periods in service of each member of the Dd class were as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="19515145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515145" title="Tejo VR">
Tejo VR

Tejo, until 2009 named Ribatejo, is a Portuguese wine region covering the same areas as the Ribatejo Province. It takes its name from the river Tejo (Tagus). The entire region is entitled to use the "Vinho Regional" designation Tejo VR, while some areas are also classified at the higher "Denominação de Origem Controlada" (DOC) level under the designation Ribatejo DOC. VR is similar to the French "vin de pays" and DOC to the French AOC.
Located between the Lisboa and Alentejo VRs, the region is dominated by the influence of the Tagus river. The river moderates the region's climate, making it more temperate than other areas of Portugal. Vineyards are planted on the fertile alluvial plains along the river and can be prone to producing excessive yields.
In 2009, the region was renamed from Ribatejo to Tejo, the same name as the river flowing through the region, as part of a drive to increase the wine region's international reputation. However, the DOC has kept its name Ribatejo, which removed the previous problem of having the same name applied to wines at two different levels of classification.
Subregions.
There are six subregions of the Tejo region that are entitled to the Ribatejo DOC designation. The names of the subregions may be indicated on the label together with the name Ribatejo, for example as Ribatejo-Cartoxa. These subregions were initially created as separate "Indicação de Proveniencia Regulamentada" (IPR) wine regions, but in 2003, these IPRs were put together as the Ribatejo DOC. The six subregions are the following:
Grapes.
The principal grapes of the Tejo region includes Arinto, Cabernet Sauvignon, Camarate, Carignan, Chardonnay, Esgana Cao, Fernao Pires, Jampal, Malvasia Fina, Malvasia Rei, Merlot, Periquita, Pinot noir, Rabo de Ovelha, Sauvignon blanc, Syrah, Tamarez, Tinta Amarela, Tinta Muida, Touriga Nacional, Trincadeira das Pratas, Ugni blanc and Vital.

</doc>
<doc id="19515158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515158" title="Higher-dimensional algebra">
Higher-dimensional algebra

Supercategories were first introduced in 1970, and were subsequently developed for applications in theoretical physics (especially quantum field theory and topological quantum field theory) and mathematical biology or mathematical biophysics.
Double groupoids, fundamental groupoids, 2-categories, categorical QFTs and TQFTs.
In higher-dimensional algebra (HDA), a double groupoid is a generalisation of a one-dimensional groupoid to two dimensions, and the latter groupoid can be considered as a special case of a category with all invertible arrows, or morphisms.
Double groupoids are often used to capture information about geometrical objects such as higher-dimensional manifolds (or "n"-dimensional manifolds). In general, an "n"-dimensional manifold is a space that locally looks like an "n"-dimensional Euclidean space, but whose global structure may be non-Euclidean. A first step towards defining higher dimensional algebras is the concept of 2-category of higher category theory, followed by the more 'geometric' concept of double category. Other pathways in HDA involve: bicategories, homomorphisms of bicategories, variable categories ("aka", indexed, or parametrized categories), topoi, effective descent, enriched and internal categories, as well as quantum categories and quantum double groupoids. 
In the latter case, by considering fundamental groupoids defined via a 2-functor allows one to think about the physically interesting case of quantum fundamental groupoids (QFGs) in terms of the bicategory Span(Groupoids), and then constructing 2-Hilbert spaces and 2-linear maps for manifolds and cobordisms. At the next step, one obtains cobordisms with corners via natural transformations of such 2-functors. A claim was then made that, with the gauge group SU(2), ""the extended TQFT, or ETQFT, gives a theory equivalent to the Ponzano-Regge model of quantum gravity""; similarly, the Turaev-Viro model would be then obtained with representations of SU_q(2). Therefore, one can describe the state space of a gauge theory – or many kinds of quantum field theories (QFTs) and local quantum physics, in terms of the transformation groupoids given by symmetries, as for example in the case of a gauge theory, by the gauge transformations acting on states that are, in this case, connections. In the case of symmetries related to quantum groups, one would obtain structures that are representation categories of quantum groupoids, instead of the 2-vector spaces that are representation categories of groupoids.
Double categories, Category of categories and Supercategories.
A higher level concept is thus defined as a category of categories, or super-category, which generalises to higher dimensions the notion of category – regarded as any structure which is an interpretation of Lawvere's axioms of the "elementary theory of abstract categories" (ETAC). Thus, a supercategory and also a super-category, can be regarded as natural extensions of the concepts of meta-category, multicategory, and multi-graph, k-partite graph, or colored graph (see a color figure, and also its definition in graph theory).
Double groupoids were first introduced by Ronald Brown in 1976, in ref. and were further developed towards applications in nonabelian algebraic topology. A related, 'dual' concept is that of a double algebroid, and the more general concept of R-algebroid.
Nonabelian algebraic topology.
Many of the higher dimensional algebraic structures are noncommutative and, therefore, their study is a very significant part of nonabelian category theory, and also of Nonabelian Algebraic Topology (NAAT) which generalises to higher dimensions ideas coming from the fundamental group. Such algebraic structures in dimensions greater than 1 develop the nonabelian character of the fundamental group, and they are in a precise sense "‘more nonabelian than the groups' ". These noncommutative, or more specifically, nonabelian structures reflect more accurately the geometrical complications of higher dimensions than the known homology and homotopy groups commonly encountered in classical algebraic topology.
An important part of nonabelian algebraic topology is concerned with the properties and applications of homotopy groupoids and filtered spaces. Noncommutative double groupoids and double algebroids are only the first examples of such higher dimensional structures that are nonabelian. The new methods of Nonabelian Algebraic Topology (NAAT) "``can be applied to determine homotopy invariants of spaces, and homotopy classification of maps, in cases which include some classical results, and allow results not available by classical methods"". Cubical omega-groupoids, higher homotopy groupoids, crossed modules, crossed complexes and Galois groupoids are key concepts in developing applications related to homotopy of filtered spaces, higher dimensional space structures, the construction of the fundamental groupoid of a topos E in the general theory of topoi, and also in their physical applications in nonabelian quantum theories, and recent developments in quantum gravity, as well as categorical and topological dynamics. Further examples of such applications include the generalisations of noncommutative geometry formalizations of the noncommutative standard models "via" fundamental double groupoids and spacetime structures even more general than topoi or the lower-dimensional noncommutative spacetimes encountered in several topological quantum field theories and noncommutative geometry theories of quantum gravity.
A fundamental result in NAAT is the generalised, higher homotopy van Kampen theorem proven by R. Brown which states that ``"the homotopy type of a topological space can be computed by a suitable colimit or homotopy colimit over homotopy types of its pieces'. A related example is that of van Kampen theorems for categories of covering morphisms in lextensive categories. Other reports of generalisations of the van Kampen theorem include statements for 2-categories and a topos of topoi [http://www.maths.usyd.edu.au/u/stevel/papers/vkt.ps.gz].
Important results in HDA are also the extensions of the Galois theory in categories and variable categories, or indexed/`parametrized' categories. The Joyal-Tierney representation theorem for topoi is also a generalisation of the Galois theory.
Thus, indexing by bicategories in the sense of Benabou one also includes here the Joyal-Tierney theory.

</doc>
<doc id="19515166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515166" title="Phil Wyman">
Phil Wyman

Phillip D. "Phil" Wyman (born February 1, 1945, in Hollywood, California) is an American politician from California and a member of the Republican Party.
Assembly races.
Wyman was vice president of the Antelope Valley Board of Trade in 1976 when he first ran for California State Assembly from the Tehachapi-Palmdale based 34th District. He narrowly lost to Democratic incumbent Larry Chimbole but went on to defeat him two years later and served in the Assembly from 1978 until 1992, when he opted not to seek reelection and instead run for congress.
Congressional race.
The 25th Congressional district was created after the 1991 reapportionment and was centered around the new city of Santa Clarita in fast growing northern Los Angeles County. Wyman moved south from Tehachapi in Kern County to run for the new 25th. He narrowly lost the GOP primary to Santa Clarita mayor Buck McKeon, however.
State Senate races.
Wyman bounced back less than a year later when he won a special election for the Fresno-based 16th state Senate district in 1993.
In 1994, despite huge Republican gains across the country, Wyman lost his state Senate seat to then Democratic Assemblyman Jim Costa (whom Wyman had defeated in the special election). He was the only Republican west of the Mississippi to be unseated. In 1996 he ran for a neighboring state Senate seat and lost the GOP primary again, this time to Palmdale area Assemblyman Pete Knight.
Reputation.
Through the years Wyman gained a reputation for moving around the area in order to run for office. He originally served as an Assemblyman from Tehachapi (in Kern County), moved South to run for congress in 1992 (in Los Angeles County), then won election to a state Senate seat in 1993 (in Fresno County, north of Kern county) before losing a state Senate primary in 1996 (in Los Angeles county again).
Return.
In 2000 Wyman made a comeback of sorts, winning his old 34th Assembly district. Two years later, however, he made a tactical error and decided to run for reelection in the neighboring 36th district instead. He was anticipating an opening in the state Senate in 2004, a district that was outside the boundaries of his 34th Assembly district, but within those of the 36th. His plans went awry when the 36th's incumbent, fellow Republican George Runner decided to back his wife (Sharon Runner), who actually lived within the district. Wyman narrowly lost the GOP primary, while his old 34th district was won by Republican Bill Maze, a Tulare County supervisor, who found himself unopposed after Wyman decided not to run here.

</doc>
<doc id="19515176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515176" title="Outfly">
Outfly

A Wartburg College tradition that traces back to the 1890s and is sometimes called by its German name, "Ausflug," Outfly is a student-initiated, one-day holiday. It now occurs once a year during the Fall Term. Outfly is called upon a date known only to the college president and the student body president.
At colleges in the Northeastern United States, a similar observance is known as Mountain Day.
General Schedule.
6:00 - 6:45 A.M. Students are notified that it is Outfly when orientation staff members run through the residence halls, pounding on doors and yelling, "OUTFLY!!!" Commuter students can choose to be part of a call or text message list.
6:30 - 7:00 A.M. Students gather at the Victory Bell in front of The W [http://www.the-w.org/home.aspx] athletic complex. Most come still in pajamas, but many will dress in costume to compete in the "Best Dressed Costume Contest". Once the student body president has been found, the college president has arrived, and once at least 50% of the student body has gathered, the college president will declare Outfly, canceling classes for the day. Evening Classes are still held.
7:30 - 9:00 A.M. Outfly Breakfast, served by the faculty, staff, and administration of the college.
The rest of the day is often filled with a variety of activities, including a golf outing, a photo scavenger hunt, dunk tank, velcro wall, carnival games, and sports tournaments. The day ends with students searching for the Student Body President and a themed movie on campus.
2012 Schedule.
10:00 a.m. - Golf (Waverly Municipal Golf Course)
11:00 a.m. – Dodgeball (W Fieldhouse)
11:00 a.m. – Ping Pong (Cardinal Commons)
11:30 a.m. – 4:30 p.m. – Info Station (Security Entrance)
11:30 a.m. – Speedwalking (Football Stadium)
12:00 - 4:30 p.m. – Inflatables (Campus Mall)
12:00 – 1:00 p.m. – Lunch (Campus Mall)
1:00 p.m.- Badminton (Clinton Field)
1:30 p.m. – Triathlon (W Fieldhouse)
1:30 p.m. – Disc Golf Tournament (N Lot)
2:30 p.m. – Cupstacking (Cardinal Commons)
2:30 p.m. – Sand Volleyball (Sand Volleyball Courts)
5:15 – 7:00 p.m. – Dinner (Mensa)
8:00 p.m. – Movie: MIRACLE (W Fieldhouse)
After Movie: Find President Hanson-Pollock
11:15 p.m. – Closing Ceremonies (In front of Old Main)
2013 Schedule.
6:30 a.m. - Meet at Victory Bell & First Act for hint of finding Zach (Student Body President)
7:00 a.m. - Breakfast in the Mensa
8:00 a.m. - Second Act for a hint of Zach's location: Science Center Courtyard
10:00 - 12:00 p.m. - Face painting on Campus Lawn
10:00 - 12:00 p.m. - Photo shoot on Campus Lawn
10:00 - 12:00 p.m. - Make your own tribal flags on Campus Lawn
12:00 - 3:00 p.m. - Inflatables on campus lawn
2:30 p.m. - Team Carry (team game)
3:00 p.m. - Balance (individual game)
3:30 Geocaching (pairs)
4:00 p.m. - Food challenge (individual)
4:30 p.m. - Faculty & Staff "Minute to Win It"
5:00 p.m. - Puzzle (team)
6:30 - 7:30 p.m. - Limbo on Campus Lawn
7:30 p.m. - Third Act for another hint of Zach's location: Neumann Auditorium
7:30 - 10:00 p.m. - Cast Away in Neumann Auditorium
10:00 p.m. - Last hint for finding Zach... Search begins right afterwards
Outfly Themes.
Every year, there is a different theme to Outfly. T-shirts, activities and decorations are all focused around the theme of the year.
2007 (Oct. 4th) - "007" - "Eric Benson, Student Body President"
2008 (Oct. 6th) - CLUE - "Travis Bockenstedt, Student Body President"
2009 (Oct. 7th) - A Knight at the Movies - "Abhay Nadipuram, Student Body President"
2010 - Las Vegas - "Trevor Carolan, Student Body President"
2011 (Oct. 18th) - Harry Potter - "Rexford Davidson, Student Body President"
2012 (Oct. 15th) - Olympics - "Hollis Hanson-Pollock, Student Body President"
2013 (Oct. 17th) - Survivor "Outwit, Outplay, Outlast: Outfly 2013" - "Zach Sommers, Student Body President"
Outfly For a Cause.
On March 25, 2009, the Wartburg Student Senate, along with the Student Body President and all other Senate Executives, called a Spring Outfly for the first time. This Outfly was demanded on behalf on the students as a protest due to concerns ranging from the quality of services offered at the 'W' recreation center to the rising price tag of education at the private institution. Student Senators notified their constituents of the plan by word of mouth and with petitions on behalf of this "Project Orange". On the morning of March 25, Senators went around their respective communities to wake the students. After a majority of students gathered at the Victory Bell, the students marched to the Wartburg President's house.
Student Body President Travis Bockenstedt handed Interim Wartburg President Hamm a petition signed by over 1300 students, outlining their complaints and worries about the college. Students also planted orange flags outside of Luther Hall with lists of their complaints. As a spring Outfly is not a regular event, classes were not officially cancelled. Some professors held class regardless while others cancelled class or made it optional.

</doc>
<doc id="19515214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515214" title="WAGR O class">
WAGR O class

The WAGR O Class was a 2-8-0 type steam locomotive built for the Western Australian Government Railways in 1896. They were tender locomotives, but also featured short boiler side tanks for additional water storage useful in the long distance required by operation in Western Australia's country lines.
The type shared much in common with the N Class suburban tank engines, also of the WAGR, and 10 O class were rebuilt as N class locomotives in 1907/08. The last examples of the O class was withdrawn from service in 1962. 

</doc>
<doc id="19515221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515221" title="Betim Muço">
Betim Muço

Betim Muço (born January 1947 in Tirana, Albania) is an Albanian writer, poet, translator, and physicist.
Primary career as a physicist.
Muço studied physics at the Faculty of Natural Sciences of the University of Tirana, from which he graduated in 1970. After graduation he worked for four years as math and physics teacher in the Krujë District, north of Tirana. In 1974 he moved back in the capital to work as a researcher in the Seismological Institute of the Academy of Sciences of Albania. From 1993 to 1997 he has been Director of the Institute and, until 2001, he was the head of the Seismological Network of Albania. In 2001 he left the country in order to emigrate to the United States. Muço has been a professor at the University of Tirana and a well-known specialist of the earth sciences: he has collaborated or directed many international science projects of the field.
Poet, fictional writer, and translator.
Muço published his first poems when he was high school: his first book of poetry "On the roads of fatherland" () was published in 1967. During more 30 years of literary activity, Betim Muço has published more than 25 books with poems, short stories, novels and essays. He has won several national literary awards, in Albania and abroad. Many of his poems and short stories have been translated into literary anthologies, journals, and magazines of different countries.
Muço is also noted for his translations in Albanian of the works of Saul Bellow, Yukio Mishima, Rainer Maria Rilke, James Joyce, Vladimir Nabokov, Alice Munro and many other authors.
Since 2001, he lives and works in the United States.
Links to Poetry work.
http://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s11069-013-0902-9
http://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s11069-012-0185-6
http://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007/1-4020-4235-3_24
http://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007/978-3-0348-8804-2_9
http://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/BF00876234
http://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/BF00876377
http://www.bssaonline.org/content/81/3/1015.extract
http://www.setimes.com/cocoon/setimes/xhtml/en_GB/features/setimes/articles/2008/05/05/reportage-01
http://fallmeeting.agu.org/2012/eposters/eposter/s43b-2473/
http://www.geophysics.geol.uoa.gr/papers/makro/makro166.pdf
ftp://ftp.iris.iris.edu/pub/Betim/Boise%202012%20-%20CVSZ_UPDATED.pdf
http://www.amazon.com/Antologji-Poezisë-Botërore-të-Shekullit/dp/0979835
http://www.amazon.com/Bumerang-Betim-Mu%C3%A7o/dp/0979835259
http://www.recoursaupoeme.fr/po%C3%A8tes/betim-mu%C3%A7o

</doc>
<doc id="19515237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515237" title="William Alexander Bain">
William Alexander Bain

William Alexander Bain (20 August 1905 – 24 August 1971) was a Scottish pharmacologist, best known for his early work with antihistamine drugs.
Student career.
In 1923, Bain went up to the University of Edinburgh and, after a year, qualified to enter the final honours schools of physiology and of zoology. Bain graduated in 1928 with first-class honours in physiology—the first to do so in Edward Albert Sharpey-Schafer's new science school.
Professional life.
In 1931, Bain was appointed Lecturer in Experimental Physiology and elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh --- probably the youngest fellow at that time. In 1932 he was awarded his Ph.D. in the Faculty of Medicine. The following year was Sharpey-Schafer's last as Professor of Physiology and during it Bain ran the Department of Physiology at the University of Edinburgh. He assisted Sharpey-Schafer in writing the 5th edition of Experimental Physiology and edited the 6th edition after Schafer's death. As his junior colleague, Bain's initial respect for Schafer grew into intense admiration and permanent affection. Schafer's death in 1935 had a marked effect upon him and his influence lasted throughout Bain's life. Indeed, Bain modelled himself upon Schafer in many ways and even his handwriting came to resemble that of his chief.
Bain left Edinburgh on 3 August 1934 to take up a lectureship in physiology at the University of Leeds. His diary entry for that day reads, 'Left Edinburgh, alas! '
In 1958, he assumed the directorship of the new Smith, Kline and French Research Institute at Welwyn Garden City. The move ended his responsibility for pharmacology at Leeds, a responsibility he had carried for almost twenty-five years, much of the time on his own.
Scientific work.
Anyone who saw W. A. Bain setting up a spinal cat, a modified Langendorff Heart, or a cat nerve-muscle preparation, could not fail to be impressed by his skill, elegance and speed. He could cut down, clean and cannulate the femoral vein of a cat, with scalpel and forceps only, before blood had had a chance to ooze.
Three main themes run through his published work-the functioning of the autonomic nerves, the inactivation of the sympathetic transmitter, and the assessment of antihistamine drugs.
Bain's Ph.D. thesis was submitted in 1932 with the title, Studies on the Comparative Physiology of the Heart. The thesis contained a diagram of the apparatus used to demonstrate, on frog hearts, the humoral transmission of the effects of vagus stimulation. This diagram is now known throughout the world for, slightly modified, it has appeared in all editions of The Pharmacological Basis of Therapeutics by Goodman and Gilman.
After the war, Bain returned to experimental work, and devised a technique for the quantitative assessment in man of antihistamine agents. He measured the area of a wheal provoked by the intradermal injection of histamine before, and at various times after, an antihistamine drug. 
The work of Bain and his department gave rise to the adrenergic-neurone blocking drugs which now play an important role in the control of hypertension.

</doc>
<doc id="19515248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515248" title="Carlos Davis">
Carlos Davis

Carlos Davis (born James Carlos Davis; October 11, 1948–present) is an American screenwriter, executive producer and playwright. He is best known for co-authoring the screenplay Drop Dead Fred, the 1991 comedy film starring Phoebe Cates.
Early years.
Carlos Mendoza was born in San Francisco, California, the son of Aida Ester Minamora (November 20, 1912 – September 23, 1993), an art collector and world traveler from Santa Ana, El Salvador who never became an American citizen, and James (June 22, 1911 – January 24, 1954), a San Francisco native who co-managed the Davis Hardwood Company—the first American company to import Philippine hardwood. He has a sister, Louisa Aida Davis (February 8, 1950–present), who was also born in San Francisco. The Mendoza children were raised in San Francisco, New York City, and Europe. Carlos Davis attended Town School for Boys, The Allen-Stevenson School (New York City), Riverdale Country School (New York City), New York University's undergraduate program in Spain, London University, and Georgetown University (Washington, D.C.),
Mendoza now resides in Manhattan.
Current projects.
He is working on a new "Drop Dead Fred" film with Universal Studios for a Memorial Day 2011 release date. He is a writer and producer on the film that will star Russell Brand. He is writing a surfing comedy with his son, James, for a major studio release.
Awards, Nominations, and Distinctions.
"Rascals and Robbers: The Secret Adventures of Tom Sawyer and Huck Finn" was nominated for 3 Emmys, and it was the first major role for Anthony Michael Hall, Cynthia Nixon, and future filmmaker Patrick Creadon.

</doc>
<doc id="19515252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515252" title="Minho VR">
Minho VR

Minho, formerly Rios do Minho, is a Portuguese wine region covering the same areas as the Vinho Verde DOC. The region is classified as a "Vinho Regional" (VR), a designation similar to a French "vin de pays" region. The wines of the Minho and Vinho Verde are nearly identical except for the Minho VR allowing foreign grape varieties to be used that are excluded from the "Denominação de Origem Controlada" (DOC) regulations for Vinho Verde.
Grapes.
The principle grapes of the Minho region include Alvarinho, Arinto, Avesso, Azal Branco, Azal Tinto, Batoca, Borracal, Brancelho, Cabernet Sauvignon, Chardonnay, Espadeiro, Loureiro, Merlot, Padreiro de Basto, Pedral, Rabo de Ovelha, Riesling, Trajadura and Vinhao.

</doc>
<doc id="19515258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515258" title="Autonomie project">
Autonomie project

Autonomie Project is a Fair Trade, Eco-Friendly, and Vegan Fashion Company based out of Boston, MA in the United States. The company began in 2007 when group of friends who were frustrated with the fashion and footwear industries due to their lack of transparency and use of sweatshops and harmful chemicals. Autonomie Project currently produces shoes, flip flops, hand bags, t-shirts, winter hats and accessories. They work with small, independent cooperatives and Fair Trade certified facilities located in developing areas of the world including Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Peru, and the USA. As well as being Fair Trade Certified, the company uses eco-friendly products as much as possible such as organic cottons and Forest Stewardship Counsel certified sustainable all natural rubber. Autonomie Project certifies all products and materials all the way down the supply chain are vegan, produced by Fair Trade standards, and are environmentally friendly.
Autonomie Project is a Co-op America certified Green Business and their Sneakers were given an A+ in Co-op America’s Back to School Shoe Guide. The company also gives back to the communities it works with through Fair Trade initiatives through the Talon Workers Welfare Fund. They also work closely with Trees for the Future and The Haitian Project. Both the sneakers and flip flops produced by Autonomie Project have received positive reviews from Life Goggles and Leafy Green Info.
Autonomie Project also keeps up a blog on Wordpress.com where they discuss fair trade and environmental issues as well as current events and vegan recipes.

</doc>
<doc id="19515264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515264" title="Paul Picard">
Paul Picard

Paul R. Picard (July 17, 1930 – October 3, 1994) was an American film producer best known for his role in developing the series "The Dukes of Hazzard" with Philip Mandelker and creator Gy Waldron.
Life and career.
After starting as an actor, Picard was the director of daytime programming for ABC. and then moved on to oversee shows including "The Lawrence Welk Show", "The Hollywood Palace" and the broadcasts of the Emmy Awards and Academy Awards. During his career, he worked at MGM, American International Pictures and Warner Brothers. In addition to "Dukes of Hazzard", he oversaw "Scruples", "California Fever" and "The Pirate".
He died at his home in Tuscany, Italy from pancreatic cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="19515271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515271" title="Yugoslavia at the 1988 Winter Paralympics">
Yugoslavia at the 1988 Winter Paralympics

Yugoslavia competed at the 1988 Winter Paralympics in Innsbruck, Austria. The country's delegation consisted of three competitors in alpine skiing.

</doc>
<doc id="19515272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515272" title="WAGR N class">
WAGR N class

The WAGR N Class tank engines were 4-4-4T type steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways.
The type was introduced in 1896 and initially served in both Perth and Kalgoorlie, but traffic was lost to Kalgoorlie within a few years and the type was withdrawn to Perth.
They were used on suburban workings and dominated this role until the arrival of the D class tank engines in 1912.
Class list.
The numbers and periods in service of each member of the N class were as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="19515302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515302" title="Brink (surname)">
Brink (surname)

Brink is a German and Dutch surname and means village green. It is also thought to have originally meant "hill with green grass". Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19515334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515334" title="JBOB">
JBOB

JBOB, an acronym for Just a Bunch Of Bytes, is a term is used to describe unstructured data that does not have a fixed format.
This is a variation on the term JBOD (just a "Bunch Of Disks") that is used to describe standard hard drives that are used in a storage array. 
Many computer files have a defined structure such as fixed length records with the data divided into records that are the same length. Structured data might have records of different lengths but each record is prefixed with a RDW (Record Descriptor Word) that indicates the length of that data as well as other attributes. JBOB data has no structure. Records are defined by the presence of characters in the data. For example, a report might have hundreds of records (or lines) but the length of each record is defined by the presence of a Carriage Return (and/or Line Feed). Mainframe computers have traditionally dealt with structured data but unstructured (JBOB) data is much more common in PC environments. The critical difference is that it is difficult, if not impossible, to advance to say, the 100th record without examining every character of the 99 records that precede it. With fixed length records, it is possible to calculate the exact position of a particular record. Even with variable length records, the length of each record is given so navigation is easier. 
Since records are determined by the content of the data, metadata is required like what is the record termination character(s) and is usually stored external to the actual data or file. The processing of JBOB data is usually more difficult and may require special knowledge by the computer program. Metadata might also be required for structured data like the fixed record length or the largest variable length record but there usually exist standard utility software to read/write structured data since the format is a known structure.

</doc>
<doc id="19515374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515374" title="Escalation hypothesis">
Escalation hypothesis

The Escalation Hypothesis is a theory put forward by Geerat J. Vermeij. It states that organisms are in constant conflict with one another and therefore devote lots of resources to thwarting the adaptations evolution brings to all competing organisms as time advances. This is in contrast to adaptations evolution may bring that are unrelated to competition with other organisms such as adapting to ecological niches based upon other factors such as geology and climate. 
Vermeij's extensive work with the characteristics of marine gastropod fossils informed his development of thoughts on escalation. One prediction of the Escalation Hypothesis is that individual species having fewer adaptations that enable them to compete with other life forms are more likely to survive a mass extinction event such as one of The Big Five. This is because there is more flexibility to fit into new ecological niches that arduous adaptations such as heavy shells or energy consuming venom production would hinder.

</doc>
<doc id="19515380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515380" title="Adolf Lesser">
Adolf Lesser

Adolf Lesser (May 22, 1851 - 1926) was a German physician who specialized in forensic medicine. He was born in the city of Stargard, West Prussia.
Lesser studied medicine at the University of Berlin, and from 1877 to 1884 was an assistant at the institute of pharmacology in Berlin. In 1886 he was appointed "Stadtphysikus" in Breslau, and during the following year became an associate professor at the University of Breslau. He remained at Breslau until his retirement in 1921.
He was the author of numerous articles in medical journals, his best known written work being the 1892 "Atlas der Gerichtlichen Medizin" (Atlas of Forensic Medicine). 

</doc>
<doc id="19515392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515392" title="Península de Setúbal VR">
Península de Setúbal VR

Península de Setúbal, until 2009 named Terras do Sado, is a Portuguese wine region covering Península de Setúbal and most of the Sado River region. The area is classified as a "Vinho Regional" (VR), a designation similar to a French "vin de pays" region. With the Setúbal DOC to the northwest and the Atlantic Ocean to the west, the region is almost completely surrounded by the Alentejo VR.
In 2009, the region was renamed from Terras do Sado to Península de Setúbal, to associate the region's name with the name of its internationally most well-known subregion, Setúbal.
Subregions.
Within the Península de Setúbal region there are two designated subregions with a higher level of wine classification:
Grapes.
Red wines produced under the Península de Setúbal VR must contain a blend of at least 50% Aragonez, Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Moscatel Roxo, Periquita, Tinta Amarela and Touriga Nacional. The remaining 50% can include Alfrocheiro Preto, Alicante Bouschet, Bastardo, Carignan, Grand noir, Monvedro, Moreto and Tinta Miuda. The white wines of the region must contain at least 50% Arinto, Chardonnay, Fernao Pires, Malvasia Fina, Muscat of Alexandria and Roupeiro. The remaining 50% can include Antao Vaz, Esgana Cao, Sauvignon blanc, Rabo de Ovelha, Trincadeira das Pratas and Ugni blanc.

</doc>
<doc id="19515399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515399" title="Ferdinand Bardamu">
Ferdinand Bardamu

Ferdinand Bardamu is the protagonist of Louis-Ferdinand Céline's 1932 novel "Journey to the End of the Night" ("Voyage au bout de la nuit").
The hero's first name, Ferdinand, is shared with Céline, the author/narrator for whom he acts as a surrogate. His surname, Bardamu, is derived from the French words "Barda"—the "pack" carried by World War I soldiers—and "mu", the past participle of the verb "mouvoir", meaning to move. As the novel progresses, circumstances compel Bardamu to give up his "baggage" of conventional morality and the optimism of youth.
Footnotes.
The two would later be combined as "Louis Ferdinand Bardamu" by the narrator Raphael of Modiano's "La Place de L'étoile" (1968).

</doc>
<doc id="19515417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515417" title="WAGR C class (1880)">
WAGR C class (1880)

The first WAGR C Class (1880) was a class of steam locomotive used by the Western Australian Government Railways, and were the first class used by the railway around Perth. Built by Robert Stephenson and Company in 1880 to the same design as the NZR F class, of which the company had built three and would later go on to build another nine for NZR and the Westport Harbour Board.
The two locomotives arrived in Perth in 1880-81 and were in service on the Fremantle to Guildford railway by 1881 as the C class with road numbers C1 and C2. As the Perth railway network grew it became clear that the C class had insufficient fuel capacity for such long distances. Both were then rebuilt as 0-6-0STT saddle-tank tender engines with a small four-wheeled tender. This conversion necessitated the removal of the back cab wall. The original coal bunkers and cab front were retained although the bunkers were not used for coal storage.
The conversion of C1 was necessitated both through this insufficient capacity and also due to its having been involved in an accident in a crash near Boya in 1885. It was recovered and transported back to the Midland railway workshops but did not re-enter service until 1887, when it emerged with its new tender. It had also been fitted with vacuum brakes.
Unlike the NZR locomotives, some of which had service lives of over 80 years, the C class were relatively quickly withdrawn. C1 was first to be withdrawn in 1899 and was sold into industrial service after just 19 years with the WAGR. C2 followed shortly after but was not onsold and was presumably scrapped.
Preservation.
C1 was withdrawn in 1899 and sold to Westralian Jarrah Forests Ltd who then used it at their Greenbushes sawmill, where it was named 'Katie'. It was later onsold and ended up working for Bunning Brothers at Nyamup, who used it last in 1940. However, C1 was not scrapped and instead remained at Nyamup until WAGR purchased it back in 1956 and restored it at their Midland Workshops. It was then placed on display at Perth railway station during Show Week 1956, and remained there until 1959 when it was placed in the Railway Exhibition Hall at Claremont Showgrounds in 1959 under the care of the Rail Heritage WA group.
C1 'Katie' passed into the care of the Australian Railway Historical Society, West Australia Division in 1970 and was transferred to the Bassendean Railway Museum in Perth, where it is now on static display. It has since been repainted in all-over black as opposed to the original livery from the 1956 restoration, which appears to be green.
Similarity to the NZR F class.
The WAGR C class was built to the same design as the New Zealand Railways F class, of which 88 locomotives were built between 1872 and 1886 by seven different companies. While both designs were initially similar, the NZR F class locomotives built by Stephensons were later rebuilt with modified cabs to the design of the Neilson & Co.-built engines. The boilers were also modified with a taller dome and firebox-mounted safety valves. None of the F class were ever fitted with tenders either as their use after 1900 was limited mostly to shunting.
The F class engines were all fitted with cowcatchers and also later fitted with Westinghouse continuous air-brakes. Those which survived into the 1950s were fitted with Pyle National turbogenerators to power the locomotive's head and tail lights. The C class engines by comparison were retrofitted with vacuum brakes and retained oil or acetylene headlights until withdrawal, and do not appear to have ever been fitted with cowcatchers.
The closest preserved F class locomotive to C1 is F 233 'Ada' (Stephenson 2593/1885), owned by the Railway Enthusiasts Society and stored at the Pukeoware workshops of their Glenbrook Vintage Railway in South Auckland. This locomotive was also sold into industry and worked for the Southdown Freezing Works in Auckland, who fitted it with a simpler-design saddle tank. It was donated to the RES in 1964 and displayed outside their clubrooms, the former Onehunga railway station until 1984 when it moved to the GVR for storage and eventual restoration.

</doc>
<doc id="19515424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515424" title="Kandiah Neelakandan">
Kandiah Neelakandan

Kandiah Neelakandan (Tamil: கந்தையா நீலகண்டன்; born 16 April 1947) is a Sri Lankan Tamil lawyer who is the secretary of the All Ceylon Hindu Congress. He has been active in providing legal expertise and guidance for the Sri Lanka Hindu Congress, and has worked on the interactions between Hindus and the legal system. He is also an activist for free and fair elections in Sri Lanka
Neelakandan was born in Jaffna, Sri Lanka. He graduated from Jaffna Hindu College and graduated from the Sri Lanka Law College in 1969, becoming a partner at 1973 at Murugesu and Neelakandan. He is an expert on the Sri Lankan market.

</doc>
<doc id="19515436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515436" title="Yugoslavia at the 2000 Summer Paralympics">
Yugoslavia at the 2000 Summer Paralympics

Yugoslavia competed at the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, Australia. The delegation consisted of six competitors: three track and field athletes, one sport shooter, one swimmer, and one table tennis player.

</doc>
<doc id="19515489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515489" title="New Mexico Wind Energy Center">
New Mexico Wind Energy Center

The New Mexico Wind Energy Center officially opened on October 1, 2003. Located 170 miles southeast of Albuquerque and 20 miles northeast of Fort Sumner, the wind farm is well suited for eastern New Mexico's windy landscape.
The wind center consists of 136 wind turbines, each standing 210 feet high. The facility can produce up to 200 megawatts of power, which is enough electricity to power 94,000 average New Mexico homes. Electricity production does not require water, produce emissions, or generate solid waste. 
FPL Energy owns and manages the facility, while PNM purchases all of its output.

</doc>
<doc id="19515497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515497" title="Clark Murray">
Clark Murray

Clark Murray (born 1938) is an American sculptor who is best known for his large outdoor constructions of welded and painted steel pipes. 
Sculptures by Clark Murray include:

</doc>
<doc id="19515500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515500" title="WFOR (AM)">
WFOR (AM)

WFOR (1400 AM, "The Score") is a radio station licensed to serve Hattiesburg, Mississippi, USA. The station is owned by Clear Channel Communications and the broadcast license is held by CC Licenses, LLC.
Programming.
WFOR broadcasts a sports talk format as an affiliate of the FOX Sports Radio Network. Syndicated sports talk programming on WFOR includes "The Dan Patrick Show".
History.
The station, established in April 1924, was assigned the WFOR call sign by the Federal Communications Commission.
In September 1998, Radio Hattiesburg, Inc., reached an agreement to sell WFOR to Cumulus Media as part of a multi-station deal valued at a combined $4.5 million. The deal was approved by the FCC on December 18, 1998, and the transaction was consummated on April 2, 1999.
In October 2000, Cumulus Media, LLC, announced an agreement to sell this station to Clear Channel Communications as part of a large station swap and sale, including seven Cumulus stations in the Laurel-Hattiesburg radio market. The deal was approved by the FCC on December 19, 2000, and the transaction was consummated on January 18, 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19515514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515514" title="McGuffey Middle School">
McGuffey Middle School

McGuffey Middle School is one of four schools that make up the McGuffey School District in rural Claysville, Pennsylvania.The school is approximately 30 miles southwest of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.Like the high school their official colors are navy blue and gold and "Highlanders" has been adopted as the official school nickname.It is part of the joint building with McGuffey High School.

</doc>
<doc id="19515520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515520" title="Asod">
Asod

Asod may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19515568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515568" title="1900s">
1900s

1900s may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19515581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515581" title="1995 Chatham Cup">
1995 Chatham Cup

The 1995 Chatham Cup was the 68th annual nationwide knockout football competition in New Zealand.
Up to the last 16 of the competition, the cup was run in three regions (northern, central, and southern), with an open draw from the quarter-finals on. National League teams received a bye until the third round (last 64). In all, 141 teams took part in the competition, which consisted of five rounds followed by quarter-finals, semi-finals, and a final.
The 1995 final.
Waitakere City completed the league/cup double. 

</doc>
<doc id="19515586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515586" title="1700s">
1700s

1700s may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19515597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515597" title="1600s">
1600s

1600s may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19515599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515599" title="Trás-os-Montes wine">
Trás-os-Montes wine

Trás-os-Montes is a Portuguese wine region located in the Trás-os-Montes e Alto Douro region. The entire wine region is entitled to use the "Vinho Regional" designation Transmontano VR, while some areas are also classified at the higher "Denominação de Origem Controlada" (DOC) level under the designation Trás-os-Montes DOC. VR is similar to the French "vin de pays" and DOC to the French AOC. 
Located in the northeastern corner of Portugal, the Trás-os-Montes region has vineyards across a wide range of altitudes that produces a vast spectrum of wine. The vineyards in the cooler high altitude produces wines that are light bodied while the lower altitude region produces full bodied, highly alcoholic wines. One of the first wines to gain international attention was the semi-sweet, semi-sparkling wine known as "rosado".
Douro DOC, which is famous as the Port wine region, is also located in Trás-os-Montes e Alto Douro and could use the former Trás-os-Montes VR designation. However, with the creation of a separate Duriense VR, Douro vineyards are now separate from both the Trás-os-Montes DOC and Transmontano VR.
Subregions.
There are three subregions of the Trás-os-Montes region that are entitled to the Trás-os-Montes DOC designation. The names of the subregions may be indicated on the label together with the name Trás-os-Montes, for example as Trás-os-Montes-Chaves. These subregions were initially created as separate "Indicação de Proveniencia Regulamentada" (IPR) wine regions, and in 2006 were put together as the Trás-os-Montes DOC. The three subregions are:
Grapes.
The principle grapes of the Trás-os-Montes region include Bastardo, Cabernet Franc, Cabernet Sauvignon, Chardonnay, Donzelinho branco, Gewürztraminer, Gouveio, Malvasia Fina, Merlot, Mourisco Tinto, Pinot noir, Rabo de Ovelha, Sauvignon blanc, Semillon, Tempranillo, Tinta Amarela, Tinta Barroca, Tinta Cao, Touriga Francesa, Touriga Nacional and Viosinho.

</doc>
<doc id="19515608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515608" title="1500s">
1500s

1500s may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19515615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515615" title="Carter PAV">
Carter PAV

The Carter PAV (Personal Air Vehicle) is a two-bladed, compound autogyro developed by Carter Aviation Technologies to demonstrate slowed rotor technology. The design has an unpowered rotor mounted on top of the fuselage, wings like a conventional fixed-wing aircraft mounted underneath, and a controllable pitch pusher propeller at the rear of the fuselage. Heavy weights (75 pounds each) are placed in the rotor tips to enhance rotational energy and to reduce flapping.
Development.
When the CarterCopter crashed in 2005, the cost of repair was deemed higher than the cost of making a new aircraft with the added benefit of incorporating lessons learned from the first aircraft. Design of the PAV was begun during 2005. Several changes and development problems occurred along the way; twin boom was deemed unnecessary, so a single boom was constructed, and flaws in rotor blades and hub were revealed during testing and then corrected.
On November 16, 2009 the AAI Corporation (a division of Textron) signed a 40-year exclusive license agreement with the company concerning all unmanned aircraft systems, one of which is intended to deliver 3000 pounds of cargo similar to the unmanned Kaman K-MAX, but over a future range of 1300 nautical miles compared to the demonstrated or more of the K-MAX. The agreement commits CarterCopters to developing the technology to maturity, in exchange for exclusive rights to develop UAVs for the next 40 years. The first product in the AAI agreement is an autonomous slowed rotor/compound (SR/C) aircraft to be based on the Carter Personal Air Vehicle.
"Critical Design Review" (CDR) for AAI Corporation was performed around January 2010 when the prototype was already being built. Usually a CDR is performed before a vehicle is built.
Testing.
The PAV was Taxi run in Autumn 2010 at Olney Airport after FAA Special Airworthiness Certificate on July 27, 2010, and performed traffic pattern movement on December 2, 2010, piloted by Larry Neal at the controls and co-pilot Robert Luna. Larry Neal was also one of the pilots of the CarterCopter at Olney in 2005.
The first flight occurred on January 5, 2011 at Olney without wings and lasted 36 minutes, which qualified Carter for a milestone payment.
Carter stated that the PAV performed its first zero-roll jump take-off on January 18, 2011, to a height of 120 feet. Eight jump take-offs were performed. There are some electrical issues with the aircraft, and it is not in volume production.
The PAV flew traffic patterns with wings at Olney in January 2012, and has since flown winged test flights. It flies a few hours at a time, but its flight certificate restricts it to within 5 miles of Olney.
As of June 2012, development of the PAV is a year behind schedule due to various technical problems, and a delay of a further year was caused by rotor RPM software control issues. Carter received funding from the Wichita Falls Economic Development Corporation in 2010 to complete the PAV. Carter views the lack of a PAV flight simulator as a mistake, and attempts to build one. The previous CarterCopter was designed using a flight simulator.
Carter says that the PAV has a Lift to drag ratio of 10-15, and reached an advance ratio of 0.85 in 2012.
According to Carter, the PAV reached Mu-1 on November 7, 2013. It also achieved a speed of , and the rotor was slowed down to 113 rpm. The PAV flew its first public show flight outside Olney when it flew to Wichita Falls later that month. Carter says the PAV has achieved a speed of 204 mph at an altitude of 16,000 feet, and reached a Mu of 1.13, and Carter has applied to the FAA to change the PAVs certificate from research and development to demonstration.
Design.
Computer aided design and X-plane flight simulation were used during development.
Unlike the twin-boom CarterCopter, the PAV has a single tailboom. A tilting mast allows the rotor to be tilted 15 degrees forward and 30 degrees aft to allow different centres of gravity and wing angle-of-attacks.
Helicopter rotors are designed to operate in a narrow range of rpm.
Most aircraft have two energy parameters (speed and altitude) which the pilot can trade between, but Carter technology attempts to use rotor rotation as a third energy parameter.
The purpose of the Slowed Rotor/Compound aircraft is to enhance the flight envelope compared to fixed-wing aircraft, helicopters and traditional autogyros, by minimizing the dangerous areas of the stall speed diagram/Height-velocity diagram as well as moving the speed limit up.
It uses Vernier type controls, and most controls are now automated.
Materials used include glass fiber, aluminum, carbon, titanium, and steel. The tip weights had been made of tungsten, while the current (2013) are made of steel. could also be 55 lb lead http://www.cartercopters.com/weekly_update_archive_2008_1.html -->
Suppliers for the aircraft include Blue Mountain Avionics for avionics and air-to-ground video and telemetry, and Sky Ox Oxygen Systems as the PAV is not pressurized.
60 channels of information convey sensor measurements from the aircraft to a ground computer, and 4 video cameras tape the flights. The engine is equipped with a performance enhancement system by Nitrous Express.
Operation.
The PAV has flight characteristics similar to other Carter aircraft. When stationary on the ground, the engine powers up the flat pitch rotor to 370 RPM, and the engine is then disengaged from the rotor to provide full power to the propeller.
The rotor now has substantial rotational energy due to the tip weights, and the rotor blades are pitched to push air down and lift the aircraft in a jump takeoff.
While altitude is reached, the aircraft transitions into forward flight using the pusher propeller, and the rotor shifts to autorotation (windmilling) with air flowing up through the rotor.
As speed increases, the air flow increases rotor RPM like other autogyros. Once sufficient airspeed is reached (around 70 mph) for the small wings to provide lift, rotor blades are feathered to reduce rotor speed to 100 RPM and minimize drag, and lift is provided mostly by the wings. Rotor lift is reduced to 10%, and flight efficiency is somewhat below that of a commercial jet.

</doc>
<doc id="19515636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515636" title="Gull River (Lake Nipigon)">
Gull River (Lake Nipigon)

The Gull River is a river in Thunder Bay District in Northwestern Ontario, Canada. The river is in the Great Lakes Basin and is a tributary of Lake Nipigon. The river's name is translated from the Ojibwa name, "gayaashk".
Course.
"For a map showing the river's course highlighted on a topographic map, see this reference."
The river flows from an unnamed lake to Gull Bay on the western side of Lake Nipigon. The river passes through Gull River 55 Indian Reserve of the Gull Bay First Nation, located on the south shore of Lake Nipigon.
History.
Near the end of the 18th century, the Hudson's Bay Company established a fur trading post, Nipigon House, at Gull Bay.
References.
Other map sources:

</doc>
<doc id="19515660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515660" title="Gull River (Balsam Lake)">
Gull River (Balsam Lake)

The Gull River is a river in Algonquin Highlands and Dysart et al, Haliburton County and the single-tier municipality of Kawartha Lakes in south-central Ontario, Canada. It is in the Trent River and Lake Ontario drainage basins, and flows from southern Algonquin Provincial Park to Balsam Lake on the Trent–Severn Waterway.
Etymology.
While there are no sources as to the naming of the Gull river, one of the possible origins is a translation of the name of the village of Coboconk. The name is translated from the Indian (Likely Ojibwa) term, "Quash-qua-be-conk", meaning ""where the gulls nest"." The town of Minden, about north, was named "Gull River" prior to April 1, 1859.
Course.
The Gull River begins at Longboot Lake in the geographic township of Bruton in Dysart et al, Haliburton County. This is in the southern arm of Algonquin Provincial Park, and just south of the York River in the Ottawa River drainage basin. The river leaves the lake at the southeast and loops east, south, west and north west to Percy Lake.
History.
The Gull River drainage basin is an important reservoir for the Trent–Severn Waterway. The lakes of the system were flooded during the 1800s by man-made cofferdams in order to preserve the flow of the river throughout the year. While the original purpose of this was to aid lumberjacks — who were cutting pine, spruce and hemlock in the area — in sending logs downstream to Trenton after the initial spring flooding had subsided, it would serve a dual purpose when the lock between Balsam Lake and Cameron Lake was completed in 1873, connecting Trenton with Coboconk. Balsam lake was raised 5 metres to provide enough depth for steamboats passing through the lock.
Since that time, the Gull River has been an integral part of the Trent-Severn Waterway. The water levels of the lakes in the drainage basin are closely monitored in order to preserve the reservoir year-round, as well as to protect the cottage lands adjacent to the lakes. Lake levels generally swell during the spring thaw and late fall, and settle back to normal by mid-June. The lowest water levels are in late winter.
Most of the lake front property on the lower sections of the Gull River system was divided into deep narrow lots in the 1830s, unlike the regular-sized concessions in the adjacent land. These properties would in time develop into the many cottages that dot the lakes today.
Geology.
The river's lowest and southernmost lake, Silver Lake, lies upon the boundary line between the granite Canadian Shield, and the Limestone sheaths which lie south of it. The lakes and rivers north of Silver Lake twist and wind between the mountains and valleys created by the retreating glaciers at the end of the ice age. The result is the spectacular and pristine wilderness that has earned Highway 35, that passes through the drainage basin, a reputation as one of the most scenic highways of Ontario.
Recreation.
An artificial white water course was constructed through Minden and has earned the river a reputation amongst enthusiasts and kayakers.

</doc>
<doc id="19515693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515693" title="Courts Island">
Courts Island

Courts Island is a dolerite island with an area of 15.83 ha in south-eastern Australia. It is part of the Actaeon Island Group, lying close to the south-eastern coast of Tasmania, at the southern entrance to the D'Entrecasteaux Channel between Bruny Island and the mainland. It is connected to Bruny Island by a spit at low tide, and is part of South Bruny National Park.
Fauna.
Recorded breeding seabird species are the Little Penguin, Short-tailed Shearwater and Sooty Shearwater. Feral cats are present.

</doc>
<doc id="19515695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515695" title="Eggner's Ferry Bridge">
Eggner's Ferry Bridge

Eggner Ferry Bridge, also known as Eggner's Ferry Bridge, is a two-lane bridge in Trigg and Marshall County in the U.S. state of Kentucky. The bridge carries US 68 and Kentucky Route 80 across Kentucky Lake. The main span of the bridge collapsed on January 26, 2012 after it was hit by a ship. There were no injuries. The bridge was repaired and reopened to traffic on May 25th of that year.
History.
The bridge was built to cross the Tennessee River before Kentucky Lake was planned. The bridge was opened to traffic on March 25, 1932.
On July 10, 1943, officials shut the bridge down for five months to build new pilings and raise the structure to make room for Kentucky Lake. A ferry was established to cross the river while the bridge was closed. Kentucky Governor Simeon S. Willis presided over the re-opening of the bridge in February 1944.
The bridge, plus a sister bridge that crosses nearby Lake Barkley, is slated to be replaced by a tied-arch bridge with four traffic lanes plus a sidewalk and bike path. Construction of the new bridges was initially scheduled to begin in 2011 as part of an upgrade to the existing 68/80 corridor. The project was expected to be completed in late 2017; however, due to damage by a ship strike in January 2012, the timetable may be moved forward.
January 2012 incident.
A mainspan of the bridge collapsed after being struck by the cargo vessel MV "Delta Mariner" on January 26, 2012. At least four vehicles were reported to be on the bridge near the time of the collapse. One pickup truck stopped about 5 feet (1.5 m) from the edge of the missing section; the driver reported that two cars had stopped directly behind him, and he saw another car on the opposite side of the missing section. No injuries were reported.
The U.S. Coast Guard reported on January 27 that the "Delta Mariner" hit the bridge when it tried to pass through what is known as the recreational channel, which has a lower clearance, instead of the shipping channel, which the vessel normally used.
Reports indicate that some of the bridge's navigational lighting was inoperative at the time of the incident. Paducah television station WPSD-TV reported earlier in the week that the bridge was to be reduced to one lane on January 27 for a Kentucky Transportation Cabinet (KYTC) crew to repair the lights. KYTC spokesman Keith Todd stated that the lights facing the MV Delta Mariner were operational, and that the Coast Guard had made the lighting situation known to vessels operating on the waterway.
Kentucky Governor Steve Beshear has announced that the state will immediately review all options for restoring the roadway to service. “We are grateful that this wreck caused no injuries or loss of life. Since that bridge carries 2,800 cars every day, we were very fortunate that no one was on the span at that time,” said Beshear. “We’ll turn our attention to a full inspection of the bridge and determine what steps we can take next to speed up the replacement of that important artery.”
An ongoing concern is the economic impact of the loss of the bridge. The collapse has had an immediate impact on employees and students at Murray State University who normally crossed the bridge during their commutes. According to university officials, about 270 students who attend classes in Murray, 210 of them attending full-time, live in two counties (Trigg and Christian) for which the most direct route to campus is via the bridge. In addition, at the time of the collapse, the school's nursing students had a clinical placement in Hopkinsville, the county seat of Christian County. These individuals have been forced to take a longer route to the university, increasing driving times by approximately an hour, and also increasing their fuel costs to cover the extra distance. University officials have been working with students to identify and resolve problems caused by the bridge collapse.
On March 8, 2012, the Kentucky Transportation Cabinet awarded an emergency repair contract to Hall Contracting of Kentucky, Inc. The contract calls for repairing and reopening the bridge before the upcoming Memorial Day weekend. The same company recently completed emergency repairs to the Sherman Minton Bridge in Louisville, KY on a contract with the Indiana Department of Transportation. The bridge was reopened on May 25, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19515745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515745" title="Model High School">
Model High School

Model High School is a public high school in Shannon, Georgia.
Campus.
The campus consists of the main building, which contains two stories, the gym/auditorium/band and chorus building, the field house, the football and baseball fields, and various branches and wings throughout its main structure, and it also has a vast amount of parking space available. Construction on the new school was completed in 2010.
Extracurricular activities.
Activities and organizations available to students include art, band, board games, cards, chess, chorus, classic cars, DECA, FCA, Key Club, music appreciation, outdoors man, SGA, sports talk, study and walking.
Athletics.
Basketball, Baseball, Cheerleading, Cross Country, Football, Golf, Lacrosse, Soccer, Softball, Tennis, Track & Field, Wrestling, Volleyball

</doc>
<doc id="19515747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515747" title="Harshavarman II">
Harshavarman II

Harshavarman II () was an Angkorian king who ruled from 941 to 944. He succeeded his father in 941; however, his reign at Koh Ker was brief. His cousin, Rajendravarman II, wrestled the power away from him and moved the capital back to Yashodharapura. He died in 944 and received the posthumous name of Brahmaloka.

</doc>
<doc id="19515760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515760" title="The Independent Journal">
The Independent Journal

The Independent Journal, occasionally known as The General Advertiser, was a semi-weekly New York journal and newspaper edited and published by John McLean and Archibald McLean in the late 18th century. The newspaper's content included contemporary essays and notices. 
The "Independent" is primarily remembered for being one of several newspapers to have published the Federalist Papers – a series of eighty-five articles and essays discussing and advocating the ratification of the United States Constitution, written by John Jay, James Madison and Alexander Hamilton. It was, in fact, the first newspaper to publish any such material, when it released the first Federalist essay on October 27, 1787. The release was accompanied by the following notice:
Over the following month, the next seven essays were published by "The Independent Journal", and two other newspapers, "The New York Packet" and "The Daily Advertiser". The essays appeared on Saturdays and Wednesdays in "The Independent Journal", and a few days later in the other two. Following its publication of the seventh Federalist, "The Independent" made an announcement:
In its announcement, the newspaper omitted to note its own publication dates, which continued to be on Wednesdays and Saturdays. However, the plan as outlined in "The Independent" was not consistently followed; "The Daily Advertiser" stopped publishing in the agreed order after the release of the tenth essay. From November 30 onward, "The New York Packet" published on Tuesday and Friday, rather than only Tuesday.
By January 8, 1788, thirty-six Federalist essays had been published between the newspapers. John McLean bundled these thirty six together and published them as Volume I, on March 22, 1788. Publication of the essays resumed on 11 January, and essays thirty-seven to seventy-seven were published from that time through to April 2, 1788. Before the final eight could be published publicly in the newspapers, John McLean compiled and released Volume II of the Federalist essays, which consisted of essays thirty-seven through eighty-five, on May 28, 1788. The eight unpublished essays appeared in "The Independent Journal" and "New York Packet" between June 14 and August 16.

</doc>
<doc id="19515763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515763" title="Siege of Tourane">
Siege of Tourane

The Siege of Tourane (September 1858–March 1860) was a Vietnamese victory during the Cochinchina Campaign, a punitive campaign against the Vietnamese launched by France and Spain in 1858. A joint Franco-Spanish expedition under the command of Admiral Charles Rigault de Genouilly captured Tourane (modern Da Nang) in September 1858, but was then besieged in the city by the Vietnamese and forced eventually to evacuate it in March 1860.
__TOC__
Background.
In 1857 the Vietnamese emperor Tự Đức executed two Spanish Catholic missionaries. This was neither the first nor the last such incident, and on previous occasions the French government had overlooked such provocations. On this occasion Tự Đức's timing was terrible. France and Britain had just despatched a joint military expedition to the Far East to chastise China, and the French had troops to hand with which to intervene in Vietnam. In November 1857 the French emperor Napoleon III authorised Admiral Charles Rigault de Genouilly to launch a punitive expedition to teach the Vietnamese a long-overdue lesson. In the following September, a joint French and Spanish expedition landed at Tourane, whose fine, sheltered harbour would make it a good base of operations for a campaign against Annam.
Forces engaged.
Rigault de Genouilly's flagship was the screw-powered 50-gun frigate "Némésis". He was accompanied by the screw-powered 12-gun corvettes "Primauguet" and "Phlégéton", the steam-gunboats "Alarme", "Avalanche", "Dragonne", "Fusée" and "Mitraille", and the steam transports "Durance", "Saône", "Gironde", "Dordogne" and "Meurthe". The Spanish navy was represented by the armed despatch vessel "El Caño". The transports carried a landing force of two overstrength battalions of French marine infantry (1,000 men), a marine artillery battery and 1,000 troops drawn from the Spanish garrison of the Philippines (550 Spanish troops and 450 Filipino light infantry, mostly Tagalogs and Visayans, known to the French as "chasseurs Tagals").
Tourane lay on the southern shore of the Bay of Tourane. Its main defences were sited on the Tien Cha peninsula, on the eastern side of the bay. The Vietnamese had built five major forts along the sheltered western side of the peninsula, covering the approaches to the town (see map). These forts were known respectively to the French as Fort de l'Aiguade, Fort de l'Observatoire (Observatory Fort), Fort du Nord (Northern Fort), Fort de l'Est (Eastern Fort) and Fort de l'Ouest (Western Fort). Several shore batteries were deployed between these forts.
These were potentially formidable defences:
The bay was defended by several forts. Some of these dated from the period of Pigneau de Béhaine and Olivier de Puymanel, but they were all in good condition, 'very superior', said the admiral, after visiting them, 'to anything we saw in China'. The cannons, of large and medium calibre, were mounted upon modern gun-carriages, the powder came from Britain, and the infantry was armed with good rifles, made in Belgium or France. Their arms, in the hands of trained soldiers, would be capable of sinking the entire naval division, and we were expecting the defenders at the very least to put up a serious resistance to it.
Tourane was defended by a Vietnamese garrison of 2,000 men under the command of the mandarin Le Dinh Ly.
Capture of Tourane and the Tien Sa peninsula.
The allied expedition arrived off the entrance to Tourane Bay at nightfall on 31 August. At dawn on 1 September the warships took up positions facing the five Vietnamese forts on the Tien Sa peninsula.
During the morning of 1 September Admiral Rigault de Genouilly summoned the Vietnamese to hand over the forts within two hours. The summons was taken ashore by a French staff officer and laid at the entrance to the Fort de l'Aiguade. No response was received within the stipulated period, and the French admiral ordered the allied flotilla to open fire, hoisting a French flag at the main mast of "Némésis" and a Spanish flag at the mizzen mast.
The warships of the allied flotilla soon dismounted the guns in the northern group of Vietnamese forts. The Vietnamese response was feeble, and none of the allied ships suffered any damage. Rigault de Genouilly then put ashore the landing companies of "Némésis", "Primauguet" and "Phlégéton", under the orders of "capitaine de vaisseau" Reynaud. The sailors captured their first objective, the Fort de l'Aiguade, with little trouble, charging into the Vietnamese positions with cries of 'Vive l'Empereur!' Rigault de Genouilly's summons was found on a table inside the fort, unopened. The attackers also overran a Vietnamese shore battery a little to the west of the fort. While this attack was being made, French soldiers went ashore in their turn.
The southern objectives, Eastern Fort and Western Fort, were also taken without difficulty. Two French gunboats and the Spanish despatch vessel "El Caño" anchored off the entrance to the Da Nang river and bombarded Western Fort and Eastern Fort. A shell burst inside Eastern Fort as the attackers approached and the survivors of the Vietnamese garrison abandoned their positions forthwith, as did the defenders of Western Fort.
Most of the Vietnamese made their escape from the Tien Sa peninsula, but the defenders of Observatory Fort were unable to evacuate their positions in time. The French stormed the fort, and its defenders were either killed where they stood or taken prisoner.
The allies followed up their victory by occupying Tourane and the Tien Sa peninsula.
Admiral Rigault de Genouilly left Da Nang with the bulk of his forces on 2 February 1859, to launch an attack on Saigon. The French left only a small garrison of soldiers and sailors at Tourane, under the command of "capitaine de vaisseau" Thoyon, and two gunboats. Meanwhile, the Tourane peninsula had been placed under siege by a Vietnamese army under the command of Nguyen Tri Phuong. The siege lasted for several months, though there was relatively little fighting. The Vietnamese adopted a scorched earth policy, laying waste the countryside around Tourane in the hope of starving the French and Spanish out.
In April 1859, in the wake of his capture of Saigon on 17 February, Rigault de Genouilly returned to Tourane with the bulk of his forces to reinforce Thoyon's hard-pressed garrison. The French made two attacks on the Vietnamese positions later in the year. On 8 May Rigault de Genouilly personally led 1,500 French soldiers and sailors in a successful assault on the Vietnamese trenches. A number of Vietnamese earthworks were destroyed and several cannon were captured and brought back to the French lines. French casualties were 78 men killed and wounded.
Engagement at Cam Le, 15 September 1859.
A second, equally successful, assault was made on 15 September on the Vietnamese positions at Cam Le. The Vietnamese had fortified a defence line one and a half kilometres long, consisting of strongpoints linked by trenches. Ditches filled with water had been dug in front of the trenches, and the defences were crowned with bamboo stakes filed to sharp points. The allied garrison of Tourane had recently been reinforced by eight companies of marine infantry, and Rigault de Genouilly was able muster three columns for the attack, under the respective commands of Lieutenant-Colonel Reybaud, Colonel Lanzarote and "capitaine de vaisseau" Reynaud, backed by a strong reserve under the command of "chef de bataillon" Breschin. The French and Spanish stormed the Vietnamese lines and put their defenders to flight. French casualties at Cam Le were 10 men killed and 40 wounded. Several hundred Vietnamese were killed and wounded, and the French and Spanish also captured 40 enemy cannon. The Vietnamese commander Le Dinh Lai was mortally wounded in the engagement.
Despite these impressive tactical victories, the French were unable to break the siege of Tourane. Meanwhile, disease was taking a heavy toll of the allied expedition. Cholera broke out both among the allied landing force and on the warships. Between 1 June and 20 June 1859, 200 French troops died from cholera in Tourane, and one battalion that joined the garrison at the end of April 1859 lost a third of its strength in two months.
Capture of the Kien Chan forts, 18 November 1859.
In the autumn of 1859 Rigault de Genouilly, whose conduct of the war had come under criticism, was repatriated to France and replaced in command of the allied expedition by Rear Admiral François Page. Page disembarked in Tourane on 19 October, and immediately after his arrival offered peace terms to the Vietnamese: an end to the persecution of Christians, the installation of French consuls in Vietnam and certain commercial privileges. These were relatively moderate terms, but the Vietnamese did not accept them. Instead, they spun out the negotiations, believing that the French would eventually leave Vietnam empty-handed.
Page thereupon ordered a third attack on the Vietnamese siege lines at Tourane. The attack was directed against the Kien Chan forts, to the north of Tourane Bay, which barred the route to Huế. Its chief purpose was political rather than military, namely to impress upon the Vietnamese that the French were not prepared to make peace at any price. On 18 November 1859 "Némésis" and "Phlégéton" (towed respectively by "Prégent" and "Norzagaray", a despatch vessel recently bought at Manila), the gunboats "Avalanche" and "Alarme", the transport "Marne" and the Spanish despatch vessel "Jorgo Juan" (which had replaced "El Caño") anchored off the Kien Chan forts and opened a devastating bombardment. Before long the allied warships had wrecked the forts and dismounted their cannon. The casualties were not all on the Vietnamese side, however. Lieutenant-Colonel Dupré-Déroulède, the senior French engineering officer, was cut in two by a cannonball while standing on the bridge of "Némésis". The same shot killed a French sailor, wounded several others, and spattered Admiral Page with blood. Once the forts were silenced a French landing force was put ashore and found that the Vietnamese had abandoned their positions. Once again the French had won a fine tactical victory, overwhelming the Vietnamese defenders and capturing the forts, but once again the victory had no strategic significance.
Allied evacuation of Tourane, 22 March 1860.
Eventually the French decided to evacuate Tourane and concentrate their efforts around Saigon. Preparations for a methodical evacuation began in February 1860. The French and Spanish disarmed and blew up one by one the Vietnamese forts they had occupied and burned their barrack huts. The last soldiers of the landing force re-embarked on 22 March 1860, without hindrance from the Vietnamese. The only trace left behind of the twenty-month Franco-Spanish occupation of the Tourane peninsula was a cemetery in which the allied dead had been buried.
Aftermath.
The Tourane expedition had tied down French resources unprofitably and drained French manpower, and the eventual evacuation of Tourane was an embarrassing confession of failure. Tự Đức was immensely encouraged by the outcome of the siege, and had the news of the allied evacuation proclaimed throughout Vietnam.
In the long run, however, the failure of the expedition made no difference to the course of the war. The military stalemate around Saigon was broken in 1861, when the ending of the war with China freed French military resources for action in Vietnam, by an important French and Spanish victory at Ky Hoa. The allies now began to gain the upper hand. In April 1861, Mỹ Tho was captured. In early 1862 the French captured Bien Hoa and Vĩnh Long. These victories forced the Vietnamese to sue for peace in April 1862. By then the French were not in a merciful mood. What had begun as a minor punitive expedition had turned into a long, bitter and costly war. It was unthinkable that France should emerge from this struggle empty-handed, and Tự Đức was forced to cede the three southernmost provinces of Vietnam (Biên Hòa, Gia Định and Định Tường) to France. Thus, casually, was born the French colony of Cochinchina, with its capital at Saigon.

</doc>
<doc id="19515771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515771" title="2008–09 Isle of Man League">
2008–09 Isle of Man League

The 2008–09 Isle of Man League was the 100th season of Football league on the Isle of Man.
There were two tiers of men's football, consisting 27 clubs, the Sure Mobile Premier League and the CFS Division Two. There were six senior cup competitions – the Manx FA Cup, Railway Cup, Hospital Cup, Woods Cup, Paul Henry Gold Cup and the Charity Shield. Each club had a reserve team in the Isle of Man Football Combination, and they compete in the Junior Cup. There was also the Cowell Cup, an annual Under-19 tournament.
Cups.
Cup results for 2008–09:
FA Cup.
Douglas HSOB 1–1 (3–2 on pens.) St Georges
Railway Cup.
Peel 0–1 Rushen United
Hospital Cup.
St Georges 2–1 Laxey
Woods Cup.
Douglas Royal 1–0 Pulrose United
Paul Henry Gold Cup.
Castletown Metropolitan 4–0 Marown
Cowell Cup (U19).
Castletown Metropolitan 3–1 St Johns United

</doc>
<doc id="19515772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515772" title="Kunu-dong">
Kunu-dong

Kunu-dong (Kunuri) is a village located in South Pyongan Province, North Korea. A key battle of the Korean War, the Battle of Kunu-ri, took place there in November 1950. Kunu-ri was mainly a communication center and a railroad station at the time, and it contains the lateral east-west road which runs from Sinanju on the west coast and Hungnamon the east coast. It is located at the eastern bank of the Chongchon River which parallels the Kunu-ri—Huichon road, and it is also situated at the northern end of the Taedong River valley and on the western slopes of the northern Taebaek Mountains range, generally known as the "Spine of Korea". Kunu-ri is one of the most northern point UN forces managed to reach during the Korean War, which is very near the Chinese border before the massive Chinese attack drove them all the way south. The village was near the location where the US Army 2nd Engineer Battalion burned its colors to prevent their capture by Chinese forces. 
Kunu-ri is currently absorbed by the city of Kaechon.

</doc>
<doc id="19515779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515779" title="CDOS">
CDOS

CDOS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19515812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515812" title="2009 Kansas City Royals season">
2009 Kansas City Royals season

The Kansas City Royals' 2009 season began on April 7 with a game against the Chicago White Sox at U. S. Cellular Field, which Chicago won. On April 10, the Royals hosted the New York Yankees in the first game at the newly renovated Kauffman Stadium for the Royals' home opener. Interleague opponents included the St. Louis Cardinals, Arizona Diamondbacks, Cincinnati Reds, Houston Astros and Pittsburgh Pirates.
The Royals looked to improve on their 2008 record of 75–87 and sought their first playoff appearance since 1985, as manager Trey Hillman returned for his second season with Kansas City. The Royals' payroll for the 2009 season was $70.5 million, approximately 25 percent higher than their 2008 payroll (and 21st in the major leagues).
There was much optimism for the Royals heading into the season, with some experts saying they had the potential reach the postseason. After a strong start and 18–11 record, the Royals suffered several losing streaks and fell back to a losing record, finishing with a dismal 65-97 record.
Off-season.
Coaching staff changes.
Following the 2008 season, third base coach Luis Silverio and hitting coach Mike Barnett were not retained on Trey Hillman's coaching staff. In October 2008, the Royals hired Kevin Seitzer as the team's new hitting coach and John Gibbons as bench coach. Seitzer served as the hitting coach for the Arizona Diamondbacks in 2008, and Gibbons was the manager of the Toronto Blue Jays for five seasons. Both were dismissed from their respective teams before the 2007 season was completed. Dave Owen, the team's bench coach from 2008, will be the third base coach. Bob McClure (pitching), Rusty Kuntz (first base), and John Mizerock (bullpen) were all retained to complete the six-man staff.
Winter meetings.
After the acquisitions of Mike Jacobs and Coco Crisp, the Royals entered the Winter Meetings not seeking to add another big free agent acquisition like in years past (Gil Meche in 2007 and José Guillén in 2008). Through trades, Kansas City sought to acquire relief pitching, a middle infielder, and a starting pitcher. The Royals pursued both RHP Kyle Farnsworth and RHP Brandon Lyon, and signed Farnsworth to a two-year contract. The Royals also signed LHP Horacio Ramírez, who was previously with the team in 2008, and RHP Doug Waechter.
The Royals were also one of the final four teams that were in talks with SS Rafael Furcal. The acquisition of Furcal would have resulted in the Royals moving SS Mike Avilés to second base. Furcal played with the Atlanta Braves, where Royals general manager Dayton Moore worked prior to joining the Royals' front office. Reports said that Kansas City was maneuvering to clear payroll so that they could sign Furcal, or sign Orlando Cabrera, who was in the Royals' backup plan. Kansas City bowed out of talks with Furcal after they could not work around their payroll.
"The Boston Globe" reported that the Royals had "serious discussions" concerning a trade of RHP Zack Greinke to the Atlanta Braves for OF Jeff Francoeur. Reports about Kansas City's purported interest in Francoeur also surfaced weeks before the Winter Meetings but there had been no concrete evidence that the Royals pursued such a deal. Dayton Moore quickly denied the report. Moore showed a reluctance to trade Greinke or outfielders Mark Teahen and David DeJesus, all of whom were attached to rumors throughout the off-season.
Roster moves.
"Kansas City entered the 2008–2009 off-season with 15 players eligible for arbitration."
In October, the Royals acquired 1B Mike Jacobs from the Florida Marlins in exchange for SP Leo Núñez.
In November, the Royals acquired CF Coco Crisp from the Boston Red Sox in exchange for RP Ramón Ramírez.
In December, the Royals did not tender contracts to OF Joey Gathright, LHP John Bale, RHP Jairo Cuevas, and 2B Jason Smith. Bale was later re-signed on a one-year deal,
In January, the Royals agreed to a four-year, $38 million contract with RHP Zack Greinke.
Monthly summaries.
April.
The Royals' season opener against the Chicago White Sox was originally scheduled for April 6 but was postponed due to snow forecasts in the Chicago area. The game was rescheduled for April 7, which was originally an off-day for both teams. The Royals lost the first game of the season after Kyle Farnsworth gave up a game-losing, three-run homer to Chicago's Jim Thome. After losing the first game to Chicago, the Royals won two of three games against Chicago to open the series. The Royals played the New York Yankees on April 10 at the newly renovated Kauffman Stadium for their home opener. It was the first game of a three game series. Kansas City lost the first two games and trailed late in the 8th inning of the third game before Brayan Peña scored a game-tying RBI double and then scored the go-ahead run on Alberto Callaspo's RBI single. Peña is the team's third-string catcher and was listed as designated hitter for the day. The Royals would hold on to the 6–4 lead for their third win on the season.
On April 17 the Royals began a three-game series with the Texas Rangers and eventually won two of them. On that day, 3B Alex Gordon was placed on the disabled list and was ruled out for at least two months after having surgery to repair a torn labrum in his right hip. Despite the bad news, the Royals beat the Rangers 12–3 in the opening game of the series. In the second game against the Rangers (on April 18), RHP Zack Greinke recorded his first career shut-out and extended his scoreless inning streak to 34. The streak dated back to the 2008 Kansas City Royals season. This brought Greinke's statistics to three wins in three starts and an 0.00 ERA, the best in the American League at the time. Texas' Kevin Millwood, who started for the Rangers, had the American League's second lowest ERA entering the game with a 0.64 ERA. The Royals entered the third game of the series against Texas looking for their first series sweep of the season. After trailing 5–3 in the bottom of the eighth, the Rangers tied the game at 5 by the ninth inning after Royals set up pitchers Ron Mahay and Jamie Wright allowed two runs. Texas' Michael Young hit a game-winning leadoff home run off of reliever Kyle Farnsworth's second pitch of the inning. The loss brought Kansas City down to a three-way tie for first place in the American League Central with Detroit and Chicago. Royals manager Trey Hillman kept closer Joakim Soria in the bullpen for the entire series instead reasoning that he didn't want Soria to be used for more than one inning in the third game. RHP Brian Bannister was recalled from Triple-A Omaha to pitch for Kansas City on April 22 and replaced both the injured Doug Waechter, who was placed on the DL, and the struggling Horacio Ramírez in the pitching rotation. Bannister and Jamie Wright pitched eight shut-out innings before closer Joakim Soria returned from an eight-day hiatus to close out the 2–0 victory. Soria battled injuries for most of the month.
Zack Greinke's scoreless innings streak ended at 38 when an unearned run was scored after an errant throw by Mike Avilés in a 6–1 Royals victory over the Detroit Tigers. The run was unearned so Greinke's ERA stayed at 0.00 and his record improved to 4-0 on the season. The game was also Greinke's second complete game of the season. Greinke was featured on the cover of "Sports Illustrated"'s May 4, 2009 issue (Volume 110, Issue 18) for a cover story by Joe Posnanski called "The Best Pitcher in Baseball." Greinke is the first Royals player to appear on the magazine cover since pitcher David Cone on April 5, 1993 for the magazine's baseball preview. The last Kansas City player to appear in an in-season cover was back on June 12, 1989 when "SI" featured outfielder Bo Jackson.
The team won three of four games against the Toronto Blue Jays, who entered the series with baseball's best record. On April 29 Zack Greinke was the first pitcher of the season to record his fifth win and allowed only two runs to the Blue Jays in an 11–3 victory. This brought his ERA for the season from 0.00 to 0.50. By finishing with a 12-10 record for the month, the Royals registered their first winning April since 2003 when they began the season with a 16-7 record.
May.
The Royals entered the month of May in sole-possession of first place in the American League Central. They traveled to the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome to play the Minnesota Twins in a three game series to start off the month. The series was hotly contested with the Royals scoring 22 runs and the Twins scoring 19 and several lead changes. The second game of the series was decided in 11 innings. In the third game, the Royals were no-hit by Scott Baker through six innings before an offensive but then suddenly unleashed an offensive flurry in the seventh, scoring five runs to roar ahead and hold on for a stunning 7–5 victory. Zack Greinke threw his third complete game in a 3–0 shutout of the White Sox on May 4 and improved his record to 6-0 on the year with a 0.40 ERA. Greinke lost his first game of the season to the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim on May 9 in a 1–0 loss. Greinke pitched a complete game and his ERA rose to 0.51.
Joakim Soria continued to battle injuries to his shoulder and his appearances were limited in the early part of May. He was placed on the disabled list and Sidney Ponson was sent to the bullpen in exchange for Luke Hochevar being called up from Triple-A Omaha. In his first appearance of the season, Hochevar lasted only two innings and allowed eight runs in a 12–3 loss to the Oakland Athletics. Entering the game, Kansas City's team ERA led the American League, but took a hit with Hochevar's performance. By the beginning of the fifth inning, Oakland led the game 12–0 and the Royals never recovered and dropped their fourth consecutive game. The Royals lost all five games of their road trip against the Angels and Athletics after sweeping their four game homestand against the White Sox and Mariners.
Zack Greinke's eighth start of the season was delayed by two and half hours of rainfall, but the Royals still won the game 8–1 against the Baltimore Orioles. The game was held at Kauffman Stadium and had a sell-out crowd of 38,353 along with many other games in the season selling out for Greinke's starts. The Royals split their four game home series against the Orioles.
On May 19, Kansas City trailed Cleveland 5–2 entering the ninth inning but accomplished their biggest comeback victory of the season. After two consecutive home runs by Mike Jacobs and Mark Teahen, the Royals rallied to a 6–5 victory after a sacrifice fly by Willie Bloomquist brought David DeJesus home for the winning run.
Kansas City began Interleague play against their crossstate rival St. Louis Cardinals. After losing the first two games of the series by scores of 5–0, the Royals fell to a 21-22 record and under the .500 mark for the first time since April 11 when they were 2-3. After optioning three players (Mike Avilés, Luke Hochevar, and Robinson Tejeda) to the inactive roster, Kansas City won the final game 3–2 and regained a .500 record on the season.
By the end of the month, the Royals began to slip from the top of their division standings in the American League Central, especially following a three-game sweep by the Chicago White Sox left the team with a 23–27 record. An 11–17 record in May dropped the Royals down to fourth place in the division.
June.
Looking to rebound from a sub-par month of May, the Royals began June with a three-game series at Tampa Bay on June 2, but continued to flounder, dropping all three games. They lost their eighth game in a row on June 5 at Toronto, but broke the losing streak the next day thanks to a strong performance from Luke Hochevar. In the 2009 Major League Baseball Draft held on June 9 the Royals selected RHP Aaron Crow with the 12th overall selection. Crow attended the University of Missouri, was born in nearby Topeka, Kansas, and was a longtime Royals fan prior to being selected with the team. That same day, the Royals' defense and bullpen allowed eight unanswered runs to the Indians in an 8–4 loss. The loss dropped the Royals to fifth place in the American League Central.
Player stats.
Batting.
"Note: G = Games played; AB = At Bats; R = Runs scored; H = Hits; 2B = Doubles; 3B = Triples; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in; AVG = Batting average; SB = Stolen bases"
Awards and honors.
Player of the week.
April 13–19: Zack Greinke, shared with Ian Kinsler (Texas Rangers).
Pitcher of the month.
April: Zack Greinke.
Pepsi clutch performer of the month.
April: Zack Greinke.

</doc>
<doc id="19515834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515834" title="Basset Artésien Normand">
Basset Artésien Normand

The Basset artésien normand ("Norman Artesian Basset") is a short legged hound type dog developed in France. The word "Basset" refers to short legged hounds.
History.
Documenting of the French Basset as a purebred breed began in 1870, and from a common ancestral type, two strains were developed. One had straight front legs (Chien d'Artois) and the other had crooked front legs (Normand). The breed club was formed in 1910 and the breed was given its present name in 1924.
Bassets are walking hounds, which are followed by the hunter on foot. The short legs mean that they would not get too far away from the hunter. The "Basset artésien normand" was used to hunt rabbits and other small game alone or in packs, but today they are primarily bred to be pets.
Appearance.
The height of the "Basset artésien normand" is between 30 and 36cms (11.8 to 14.2ins), with a ratio of the height to the body length of about 5 : 8. Weight is roughly 17 kg (37.4 lbs). The coat is short and tricolored (fawn and white with black "blanket", a patch across the back) or bicolored (fawn and white). The head and long ears are distinctive, and the temperament should be calm and good-natured.
Recognition.
The original breed club is the "Club français du Basset artésien normand & du Chien d'Artois", and the breed is recognised by the Fédération Cynologique Internationale as breed number 34 in Group 6, Scenthounds. It is also recognised by the United Kennel Club (US) in the Scenthound Group. The breed may also be recognised by any of the various minor kennel clubs and internet based dog registry businesses, as well as hunting dog registries and clubs. As the breed is few in number outside of France, it is also promoted by rare breed breeder organisations for puppy buyers seeking an unusual pet.

</doc>
<doc id="19515865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515865" title="John Rogers Herbert">
John Rogers Herbert

John Rogers Herbert, RA (23 January 1810 – 17 March 1890) was an English painter who is most notable as a precursor of Pre-Raphaelitism.
Early career.
John Rogers Herbert was born in Maldon, Essex. In 1826, he moved to London to study at the Royal Academy. However, after the death of his father in 1828, Herbert was forced to leave the Academy school and began painting professionally — mostly book illustrations and portraiture. He was successful in his early career, even painting a portrait of Princess Victoria in 1834. However, he was not satisfied with mere money-making portraits and illustrations. His early sketches predict his later interest in larger historical subjects with challenging moral themes and complex compositions. His early subjects were romantic, and many are taken from Venetian history. His work exhibited at the British Institution and the Royal Society of British Artists had titles such as: "The Plain Gold Ring" (1832), "A Lady Watching the Stars" (1834) and "Guilt and Innocence" (1834). Herbert's first major success was "The Appointed Hour" (1835), depicting a melodramatic scene in which a Venetian man lies murdered at the place appointed for a tryst with his lover. The work became a popular engraving. Herbert followed it with other dramatic subjects such as "Captives Detained for a Ransom, by Condottieri" (1836) and "Death of Haidee" (1838).
Conversion and Pre-Raphaelitism.
Herbert had been childhood friends with architect A.W. Pugin, and the two men were very close. Pugin, who was co-architect for the New Palace of Westminster, was a convert to Catholicism and had an influence on Herbert's decision to join the Catholic Church, which happened around 1840. It was in 1840 that Herbert painted his first 'Catholic' picture, "Boar Hunters and Pilgrims of the 15th Century Receiving Refreshments at the Gate of a Convent". Herbert's conversion to the Catholic faith is a defining point in his career. His art gains a deeper purpose and becomes much more personal. 
Herbert was elected an Associate of the Royal Academy in 1841, and became a full member in 1846.
Herbert's work influenced the newly formed Pre-Raphaelite Brotherhood — who asked him to sponsor their publication "The Germ", and whose artistic goal was to 'out-Herbert Herbert'.
Herbert's paintings "The First Introduction of Christianity into Great Britain" (1842) and "Our Saviour Subject to his Parents in Nazareth" (1847) were the inspiration for the two most important early works of William Holman Hunt and John Everett Millais, founders of Pre-Raphaelitism. The two paintings, Hunt's "A Converted British Family Sheltering a Christian Missionary" and Millais' "Christ in the House of His Parents" were exhibited at the RA in 1850 to great controversy. Herbert used his position within the RA to help the young artists.
Westminster frescoes.
When the old Palace of Westminster was destroyed by fire in 1834, it was considered a great opportunity for British Art. In 1845 Herbert was commissioned, along with several other artists, to paint scenes from English literature in the Poet's Hall in the Palace of Westminster. The commission followed several cartoon competitions and much national coverage, and Herbert was assigned a subject from Shakespeare, "Lear Disinheriting Cordelia". 
"Lear Disinheriting Cordelia" (1850) is the first work of Hebert's to show the overt influence of the Nazarenes. The fresco, and related oil works, were critically and publicly acclaimed. However, the fresco itself began to deteriorate almost immediately. Modern restoration has discovered the problem to have been a combination of fire and gas pollution and the use of lime plaster. 
After the success of "Lear", Herbert was commissioned in 1850 to paint nine more frescoes in the Peer's Robing Room, on the theme of "Justice on Earth, and its development in Law and Judgement". The frescoes would illustrate scenes from Biblical history including "Moses bringing down the Tables of the Law to the Israelites", "The Fall of Man", "His Condemnation to Labour","The Judgement of Solomon", "The Visit of the Queen of Sheba", "The Building of the Temple", "The Judgement of Daniel", "Daniel in the Lion’s Den" and "The Vision of Daniel".
Herbert began on "Moses" in 1858. The process was painstaking and frustrating, owing to the continuous deterioration of the fresco as he painted it. In 1861 Herbert erased the entire work and started again in the waterglass technique, as suggested by Prince Albert. He finally finished in 1864, but the time taken to understand the technique was unexpected, and had not produced a perfect result, as the painting continued to deteriorate. Nevertheless, Herbert considered "Moses" one of his most important works. 
Herbert negotiated a higher rate than originally agreed for Moses, owing to the time it had taken him to complete it. However, because of the delay, the death of Prince Albert and the unsuccessful fresco and waterglass techniques, Herbert's commissions for the other works were cancelled. However, he painted "The Judgement of Daniel" in oil, and presented it to the Palace years later, in 1880.

</doc>
<doc id="19515872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515872" title="2AM">
2AM

2AM (Korean: 투에이엠) is a South Korean four-member ballad band under JYP Entertainment. The members are Jo Kwon, Jinwoon, Seulong, and Changmin. 2AM is one of the two subgroups branched out from the eleven-member (before Jaebeom's departure) boy band One Day, the other being 2PM. They officially debuted on July 11, 2008 on KBS's "Music Bank", performing their debut song "This Song". They won their first Mutizen at Inkigayo on February 7, 2010 with "Can't Let You Go Even If I Die".
History.
Pre-debut.
Along with the members of 2PM, 2AM appeared on the documentary "Hot Blood" that was aired on Mnet, documented their rigorous training program on their pre-debut days. Changmin was the only member of One Day to not appear in the documentary because he was serving in the military at that time. Initially, Jinwoon was eliminated on "Hot Blood," but he ended up in 2AM due to Daehun's withdrawal from JYPE. Jo Kwon trained for 2567 days, 12 days past 7 years after joining JYPE.
2008–2009: Debut.
2AM's first single, "This Song", was released on July 21, 2008. They made their debut performance on July 11, 2008, performing their debut song "이 노래 (This Song)".
2AM made a comeback with another single album, "Time For Confession", on March 19, 2009 with "친구의 고백 (Confession of a Friend)" being the title track.
2010: 1st Mini Album and Saint o'Clock.
2AM made a comeback with a second album, "죽어도 못 보내", on January 21, 2010 with "죽어도 못 보내 (Even If I Die I Can't Let You Go)" as the promoted track. In the week before the release, JYP Entertainment revealed a total of four teasers on their Youtube account. Along with a group teaser, the individual shots were based on the seasons. On February 7, 2010, 2AM won their first Mutizen award on Inkigayo since their debut. On February 25, 2010, their second win was on Mnet "M! Countdown". They won a second Mutizen on their final day of promotions for "죽어도 못 보내 (Even If I Die I Can't Let You Go)" on March 7, 2010.
On March 5, 2010, 2AM revealed cuts of their new image through their official website. Jo Kwon, Changmin, Seulong, and Jinwoon respectively transformed to a club DJ, an ice hockey player, a biker, and a basketball player for their new 10-minute drama-music video. The repackaged mini album featured four additional songs, three from their first and second singles and one entirely new song titled "잘못했어 (I Was Wrong)", which was their promoted track. One representative stated, “"The song we’re releasing is something that 2AM has never shown before and is a brand new type of music"”. A portion of the song was revealed in the first episode of 2AM's new reality show "2AM Day" on March 10, where the members playfully sing along to it in the car. Four teasers were released for each member from March 12 to 14. A leaked version of Part 1 of the music video was released on March 15, having been recorded by camera at 2AM's subway showcase. The album was released on March 18, 2010 and "I Was Wrong" won the Mnet "M! Countdown" on April 1, 2010.
From June 30, 2010 to July 20, 2010, 2AM opened for Wonder Girls on the second leg of Wonder Girls World Tour. 2AM is also featured in "Made in Wonder Girls".
On October 26, 2010, 2AM released their first full-length album entitled "Saint o'Clock", with "전활 받지 않는 너에게 (You Wouldn't Answer My Calls)" and "미친 듯이 (Like Crazy)" as the promoted tracks. The won a Mutizen award for "전활 받지 않는 너에게 (You Wouldn't Answer My Calls)" on Inkigayo on November 14.
End 2011-2012: Japan Debut, Comeback and first Chinese song release.
Following the Korean success of their 2010 album "Saint o'Clock", 2AM released a Japan Special Edition of the "Saint o'Clock" on November 9, 2011.>
On January 2012, they released their debut Japanese single "", a Japanese version of the band's Korean single, "Even if I Die, I Can't Let You Go (죽어도 못보내)."
The single successfully entered both Oricon Daily Chart and Weekly Chart in the top 3.
2AM announced their comeback with their 2nd Korean Mini Album F.Scott Fitzgerald's Way Of Love and released the music video for the Title track of the album, "I Wonder If You Hurt Like Me" via their official YouTube Channel on March 12, 2012
2AM followed up with the release of their second Japanese single album "Denwa ni Denai Kimi ni (You Wouldn't Answer My Calls)" in Japan on April 11. The song immediately debuted on Oricon Daily charts at fourth place. This album includes the Japanese version of "You Wouldn’t Answer My Calls," which was released in October 2010 in Korea, "壊れそう (Like Crazy)," and the remake version of Japanese Singer Ken Hirai‘s "瞳をとじて (Close Your Eyes)."
In April 2012, 2PM and 2AM announced the release of a documentary film known as "Beyond The One Day", in Japan. One Day refers to the group from which 2PM and 2AM both split. On April 13, they released the trailer for the film. This was followed up with the release of Japanese single for the theme song "One day" and MV for the song.
In September 2012, 2AM resumed their singing activities in Japan with their third Japanese single. After releasing the full PV for title track "". This single was 2AM’s first original Japanese single. The title track "For You~君のためにできること~" has already been selected as the theme song for Japanese TBS drama NEO Soumatou Company which premiered on July 16.
On October 2012, at a press conference in Taiwan for their "The Way of Love" concert tour, 2AM shared their experiences in the recording of Chinese version of their song "I Wonder If You Hurt Like Me". 
Jokwon expressed his worries about his Chinese pronunciation and whether he could accurately convey the emotions of the song in a different language. However, with the assistance of the producer, 2AM was able to successfully finished recording "I Wonder If You Hurt Like Me (好痛)" in Chinese. for their 2nd Mini Album F. Scott Fitzgerald's Way Of Love (Asia Version).
In November 2012, 2AM released the PV teaser for the title track of their upcoming 4th Japanese single "Darenimo Watasenai Yo" on their Japan Official website. The title track is a ballad that expresses positive feelings about the thinking of a loved one on Christmas Day. The single was scheduled for release in Japan on December 5, 2012.
2013: Comeback and activities.
2AM released their first full-length Japan Album titled "Voice" on Jan 9 2013. The album included tracks from their 1st to 4th Japanese singles and 4 new songs, namely "First Love", "Pretty Girl", "愛の歌がRadioから", "無邪気な笑顔で" and Japanese version of "I Wonder If You Hurt Like Me~君も僕のように."
On February 20, 2013, 2AM′s announced their Korean comeback through their official homepage will be March 5, 2013 after a year hiatus. The new album titled "One Spring Day" features a total of nine tracks and instrumental, is a collaboration with many talented artists that include pianist and composer Yiruma, Eptione Project and more. This will be 2AM second full-length album.
For this album, 2AM is planning for a musical transformation. A sneak preview of the song's introduction showcases Lim Seulong′s voice being prominent and different.
2AM became the second idol group after Super Junior to host SNL Korea on April 13 2013. It is making a hot issue since idol group rarely show up in SNL, one of the hottest shows in Korea. SNL is a show originally made in the United States for more than thirty years and Korea has adopted the format of the show and making it with all the Korean comedians and stars.
2AM will be releasing their new mini album, Nocturne, on November 19 2013.The mini will include 5 tracks. Due to member Jung Jinwoon's recent injury, it was confirmed 2AM will not be promoting on music programs.
This comeback will mark their return in eight months since their album 'One Spring Day' last March. The album concept 'Nocturne' is said to have a graceful piano melody that will show 2AM's sentimental emotions and it is also the title of 2AM's upcoming Christmas concerts in Seoul, South Korea and LA, USA.
Tours.
2AM held their first concert entitled "Saint o'Clock" in Seoul at Korea University, Hwajeong Gym from December 24 to 26, 2010. 
2AM serenaded the crowd with their hit songs such as "You Wouldn't Answer My Calls" and "Like Crazy".
2AM also performed a series of girl group medley such as Wonder Girls's "So Hot", 4minute's "Hot Issue" and miss A's "Bad Girl Good Girl". The crowd went crazy when 2AM danced to After School's "Bang!" as the boys are also dressed in aqua blue cheerleader outfits.
For their solo stages, Changmin wowed the crowd with Tom Jones's "Sex Bomb" and also ripped his shirt. Seulong danced to "Beautiful Monster" and also revealed his chiseled abs. Jinwoon performed Muse's "Hysteria" with his electric guitar and Jo Kwon danced to Lady Gaga's hit song "Telephone".
The guests for the three-day concert includes B2ST, 8eight, Lim Jeong Hee, IU and T-ara.
2AM ended the year 2011 with "2011 2AM Concert – Christmas". On October 28, the boys released still-cuts for the concert, dressed snugly in warm sweaters and Santa hats.
The Christmas concert were held on December 24 and 25, 2011, and marked their final Korean activities before they prepared to advance into Japan for their debut in January.
2012 is a busy year for 2AM. They held their first hall tour in Japan, titled "2AM 1st Japan Tour ‘Never Let You Go", which started on January 24, 2012. They performed at high grade venues including Aichi Geijitsu Gekijou, Tokyo Bunkamura Orchard Hall, and Osaka Umeda Geijitsu Gekijou. 2AM was the first K-Pop idol group to perform at Tokyo Bunkamura Orchard Hall.
In the same year, 2AM held their first Asia concert tour, titled "The Way of Love" which opened in Hong Kong on September 29, 2012 and continued to other stops which include Taiwan, Japan, Seoul and Malaysia, as the last stop.
For this concert, 2AM played with a full band and fans were able to hear a truly live sound rarely heard in K-pop concerts. With the theme of “Time to wake up your emotions“, 2AM was to showcase their beautiful music throughout Asia.
Many exciting stages have been planned for 2AM’s first Asia tour which had solo stages that showcased the special talents of each member. Furthermore, aside from performing ballads and love songs, 2AM sung and dance to upbeat dance tracks.
At each stops, 2AM also prepared special performance of local language song; for Hong Kong stop, they performed a Cantonese song, a Chinese song at Taiwan, a Malay song at the Malaysia stop. For the Korea concert, they transformed themselves into four-member girl group Sistar and performed glamorous "Alone".
2AM member's Seulong was admitted to the hospital on November 1, 2012 for a fractured toe after injuring himself while exercising, the day before their Japan concert. Despite his injury,he headed to Japan and sang onstage for 2AM′s Japan concert on a wheelchair. They performed songs from their Japanese singles releases.
In spite of their busy schedule, 2AM appeared as guests for IU's and K.Will's concerts which took place on June 3, 2012 and December 26, 2012 respectively.
2AM will hold their first solo U.S concert, 2AM's "Nocturne in Christmas" which will take place at Los Angeles' Club Nokia L.A. Live venue on December 15, 2013.
Other contributions.
2AM endorsed up to $1 million for products commercials in early 2010, including Pepsi and BHC Chicken. It was also announced that 2AM would be the new faces of Samsung's "Dugeunduguen Tomorrow" campaign with Kara, succeeding 4Tomorrow in 2009.
In April 2010, they participated in the original soundtrack of drama series "Personal Taste" with a ballad titled "바보처럼 (Like A Fool)", which also became a number one hit.
2AM was chosen to represent Asia on Listen Up! The Official 2010 Fifa World Cup Album with the song titled "No. 1". The song was digitally released on May 18, 2010. In October 2010, the band represented Korea and performed at the 7th Asia Song Festival, organised by "Korea Foundation for International Culture Exchange", at the Seoul Olympic Stadium.
2AM was appointed as ambassadors of the ’2012 World Conservation Congress’. They sung a campaign song that delivered a message of the importance of environmental protection.
2AM was appointed the new tourism ambassadors for the Songpa-gu region in Seoul, South Korea.
2AM was also appointed as the official honorary ambassadors for the ‘DMZ International Documentary Film Festival‘ fourth opening on August 20, 2012
Seulong and Jinwoon will be Samsung Creative Note Ambassadors. They will be taking part in creative stages for SAMSUNG Galaxy Note Day on January 22, 2013 at Busan and Gwangju respectively.
Members activity outside of the group.
Seulong and Jo Kwon were part of "Dirty Eyed Girls" on an episode of 2PM's reality show "Wild Bunny". The music video became extremely popular.
Jo Kwon was paired with Brown Eyed Girls' member Son Ga-In as an imaginary married couple on We Got Married Season II. Seulong and Jinwoon also make regular appearances as commentators on the show. Seulong debuted as an actor in drama series "Personal Taste", which aired on March 31, 2010. In June 2010, Seulong collaborated with IU for the song "잔소리 (Nagging)", which topped several online music charts.
In 2010, Jo Kwon became a permanent member of Family Outing Season 2. Jo Kwon was also cast in the upcoming MBC sitcom "All My Love", which starts airing on November 8, 2010.
In 2011, Lee Changmin hosted a cooking show on Olive TV titled "Food Essay".
On August 7, 2011, the song that Jung Jinwoon wrote and composed "You Walking Towards Me" released a music video of his first solo single, "You Walking Towards Me" was released by Big Hit Entertainment. This was followed by another two-single mini album, which includes the songs "Now or Never" and "Psycho", which he both wrote too.
In 2012, Jung Jinwoon was cast in Dream High Season 2 where he played rocker Jin Yoo Jin. The drama aired on KBS2TV from January 30, 2012 to March 20, 2012.
In June 2012, Jo Kwon released his first solo album titled "I'm Da One". The album contain two different concepts, "Animal" and "I'm Da One".
Changmin made his debut as a musical actor and played one of the lead roles in the musical, "La Cage Aux Folles" which opened on July 4, 2012.
In 2012, Seulong had been cast in Movie "26 Years", where he plays the role of policeman Kwon Jung Hyuk.
"26 Years" opens in theaters on November 29, 2012 KST.
It’s reported that 15,000 people around the country participated in the film and production costs reached 26 billion Won (~$23,897,068).
Changmin and 2PM‘s Jun.K were double cast for the role as D’Artagnan in the musical, "Three Musketeers" which was showing from February 20 to April 21, 2013 at Chungmu Art Hall. This was for his second musical.

</doc>
<doc id="19515873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515873" title="List of Port wine grapes">
List of Port wine grapes

According to the Method of Punctuation of the Plots of Land of Vineyards of the Region of Douro (decree nº 413/2001), there were 30 recommended and 82 permitted grape varieties in Port wine production. The quality and characteristics of each grape varies with the classification of grape varieties making a distinction between "Very Good", "Good", "Average", "Mediocre" and "Bad" quality grapes. But this classification is actually in revaluation based on the technical and scientific data of the CEVD (Center of Wine Studies of Douro). The six most widely used grapes for red Port wine are Touriga Franca, Tinta Roriz, Tinta Barroca, Touriga Nacional, Tinto Cão and Tinta Amarela.
Black grapes.
Recommended Grape Varieties
Good.
Permitted Grape Varieties
White grapes.
Recommended Grape Varieties
Good.
Permitted Grape Varieties

</doc>
<doc id="19515883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515883" title="Smoky Creek Township, Burke County, North Carolina">
Smoky Creek Township, Burke County, North Carolina

Smokey Creek Township is a small township in Burke County, North Carolina, close to the Caldwell County line.

</doc>
<doc id="19515908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515908" title="2PM">
2PM

2PM (Hangul: 투피엠) is a South Korean idol group managed by JYP Entertainment. The current members are Jun. K (formerly known as Junsu), Nichkhun, Taecyeon, Wooyoung, Junho and Chansung. Former leader, Jay Park, officially left the group in early 2010.
The members of 2PM found their start under Korean musician Park Jin Young, who formed an eleven-member band known as One Day. Eventually the band was split into 2PM, and a similar but independent group known as 2AM. 2PM debuted with the song "10 Jeom Manjeome 10 Jeom" (, lit. "10 Points Out of 10 Points"), which showcased their acrobatic dance styles. They achieved their first Number 1 single with "Again & Again". Both singles featured on their first studio album, "", released in 2009. The band went on to release another Korean album, known as "Hands Up", in 2011. They made their Japanese debut later that year with "Republic of 2PM". After more than a year, the group returned in 2013 with their third studio album "Grown".
History.
Pre-debut.
The members of 2PM all auditioned (except Nichkhun, who was scouted)) to become part of JYP Entertainment. Some members already had experience in the entertainment industry, including Jun. K, who had won several singing competitions. Ok Taecyeon, Lee Junho and Hwang Chansung had participated in the show "SuperStar Survival". Part of the members had previously lived in the U.S., ex-leader Jaebeom in the Seattle area, Nichkhun in Southern California, while Taecyeon spent seven years in Massachusetts before returning to Korea.
Originally, the members of 2PM were part of a larger group known as One Day. A documentary called "Hot Blood Men" captured the group's training days. In this documentary, former member Jaebeom finished at the top spot and received the most fan votes. It also featured the elimination of three trainees from the group: Lee Swichi, Im Daehun, and Yoon Doo-joon were all cut.
By the end of the training process, One Day had been reduced to an eleven-member group. However, before the group released any studio albums, the band was split into 2AM and 2PM.
Debut and controversy (2008–09).
While most Korean boy bands at the time, adopted a "pretty boy" (Korean: "ggotminam") image, JYP Entertainment opted to brand 2PM as a more mature group. From here, their nickname "Beastly Idols".
Jaebeom was chosen to serve as the group's leader, as he was the oldest member and also the one where all the members acknowledged as the most talented one. He would play key roles in several of the band's early singles and associated music videos.
2PM debuted with their single "10 Out of 10" () on 4 September 2008. In October 2008, they began to promote "Only You", another song from their debut mini album, "Hottest Time of the Day".
In April 2009, the group released their second mini album, "", which they began promoting that month. In May they won their first Mutizen Song award on "M!Countdown", followed by two more and a "Music Bank" award. On 11 June, 2PM began promotions for "Niga Mipda" (, lit. "I Hate You") on "M!Countdown". In July 2PM achieved first place on the "M!Countdown" and "Music Bank" charts for the song "Niga Mipda". On 30 July, 2PM won the 'Only One Song' award on "M!Countdown".
Later that year a controversy regarding Jaebeom emerged. On 4 September 2009, articles surfaced on the internet regarding Jaebeom's posts from 2005 on his personal Myspace account, in which he expressed his dislike for Korea while still a trainee for JYP Entertainment. These posts, leaked by a netizen who hacked his Myspace account, were taken out of context and severely misinterpreted by the Korean media. Jaebeom issued an apology regarding this matter. Although some demanded that Jaebeom should be forced out of 2PM, JYP Entertainment CEO Park Jin-young stated on 7 September lent the singer a vote of confidence, suggesting that he would remain in the group. Yet the following day, Jaebeom announced on his official fancafe that he would leave the group and return to the United States for a while to calm the situation. He planned to return to school and improve his understanding of music. At the same time, he apologized to his fellow band members for not being a good leader and older brother for them. He also promised to come as a better person. Park Jin-young confirmed that 2PM would continue on as a six-member group. Due to the sensitive topic of Jaebeom's departure, 2PM withdrew for several weeks from their appearances on variety shows.
"01:59PM" and rise to prominence (2009–10).
Despite the controversy, the group went ahead with release of its first studio album. Known as "", the album was released on 10 November 2009. Yet questions about Jaebeom remained. The day after the album's release, Park Jin-young announced that Jaebeom could return to 2PM if he wished to make a comeback, although the singer's return was not imminent. In support of Jaebeom, the six 2PM members decided to equally split their income from their first album with him. The album included tracks voiced by Jaebeom, although his face was excluded from the cover. The group finished re-filming their music video for "Heartbeat", the title song, without Jaebeom in October 2009. Nevertheless, Jaebeom's vocals remained in the audio track.
Both the album and title track, "Heartbeat," quickly rose to the number one position on multiple music sales charts. The group began promotional activities for the album on a variety of music shows, including M.Net "O Good Concert", KBS "Music Bank", MBC "Music Core" and SBS "Inkigayo" in November 2009.
A week and a half after the album's release, 2PM performed at and was honored at the M.net Asian Music Awards with awards for Best Male Group and Artist of the Year (the latter being one of the three most prestigious awards at the show). The group paid homage to Jaebeom during their performance of "Again & Again". During the performance, a spotlight shone over Jaebeom's usual position in the dance formation, and his vocals played over the speakers without being replaced.
In late November 2009, after two weeks of promotional activities for the "1:59PM", 2PM earned their first #1 on a TV music show (KBS Music Bank's "K-Chart") since the album's release, with "Heartbeat", which went on to take #1 on the K-Chart for three more weeks. In addition, "Heartbeat" achieved the "Mutizen" song award Triple Crown on SBS Inkigayo by being the #1 song the Inkigayo "Take 7" chart for three weeks, the maximum amount of time for which a nominated song is eligible to win. On 30 December 2009, at Korean Broadcasting System (KBS)'s end of the year Music Festival, "Again & Again" was recognized as "Song of the Year", winning with 57,060 votes.
2PM's second single from "01:59PM" was "Tired of Waiting". The song was performed live for the first time at the SBS Music Festival in December 2009. 2PM's promotion for the album ended with their SBS Inkigayo performance in January 2010.
"Don't Stop Can't Stop" (2010).
In February 2010, JYP Entertainment announced that Jaebeom would not return to 2PM, as his contract with the company had been permanently terminated, with the agreement of all 6 members. A combined fan meeting and press conference was held two days later with the six remaining members of 2PM and JYP Entertainment CEO Choi Jungwook in attendance. Various 2PM fansites were shut down immediately after the conference as a protest of Jaebeom's termination. Management announced that although 2PM would move forward with six members, a new leader would not be chosen to replace Jaebeom.
In April 2010, the band released "Don't Stop Can't Stop", a mini-album consisting of six tracks. The group intended for the release to illustrate a stronger side of themselves than did their previous releases. The lead single, "Without U", quickly rose to the #1 position on six different Korean music charts. The group made their television performance comeback on Mnet's music program "M! Countdown" in April 2010.
2PM served as the opening act for nine Wonder Girls summer shows in the United States in 2010. 2PM also performed at the eighth annual Korea Times Music Festival in Los Angeles, California in May 2010, and at the Dream Concert in Seoul, South Korea in May 2010.
In May 2010, 2PM released the song "What's Your Celebration?" for the FIFA 2010 World Cup. The song samples K'Naan's Wavin' Flag.
In July 2010, Taecyeon and Wooyoung left their position of emcees at SBS Inkigayo. The next month, Wooyoung also left Winwin to concentrate on 2PM's busy schedule. The 1st concerts took place on 31 July, 1 August (in Seoul) & 7, 8 August (in Busan) (2AM & Miss A were invited as the guests of the concert).
More than 12,000 fans attended 2PM's first concerts in Seoul. 2PM performed all their hit-songs since 2008 plus solo performance from each member. 2PM held two encore concerts in Seoul on 4–5 September to celebrate their second anniversary.
In October 2010, 2PM released their fourth EP, "", with the lead single "I'll Be Back" staying at number one for two consecutive weeks in the "Music Bank". In November 2010, "Still 2:00PM" debuted unexpectedly on the 13th spot of the Billboard's World Album-Chart though no promotions for the album were made in the United States.
2PM was granted the “Most Popular Asian Singer” award at the Mandarin Music Honors 2010 in China. The group attended the event on 18 October at Wukesong Arena; it was the tenth annual MMH. Previously, Rain, Jang Nara, and Shin Seung Hoon have each taken home the “Year’s Best Korean Singer” award, but this is the first time a Korean artist has won the “Most Popular Asian Singer” award. 2PM performed “Heartbeat” and “I’ll Be Back”.
2PM officially made their Japanese debut in December 2010 with their first live event in Japan at the Ryogoku Kokugikan Gymnasium, a place well known for sumo games. The platinum showcase was called “2PM 1st Contact in JAPAN” LIVE.
Japanese debut and "Hands Up" (2011–12).
In May 2011, 2PM released their Japanese debut-single, "Take Off." The song was featured as an ending song in the "Blue Exorcist" anime series. Due to considerable online pre-orders of the limited version A, regular version and limited version B of the single, "Take Off" ranked from No. 1 to 3, respectively, on the pre-order chart of Tower Records Japan. It also reached Number 1 in the USEN's J-Pop Chart. 2PM was the first Korean band to top that chart.
2PM’s first Japanese concert tour, known as the "2PM 1st Japan Tour 2011 Take Off," began in Sapporo on 6 May and ended a week later in Tokyo.
In June 2011, JYP Entertainment released the tracklist of their upcoming second studio album, which would be known as "Hands Up." The album was released later that month on 20 June 2011. For the first time, the album featured two songs composed by 2PM members: "HOT" by Minjun and "Give it to Me" by Junho.
Hands Up got an "all-kill” crown on all of the major charts. Their title track landed at number one, and several additional songs also placed. The promotion period for the album was short; it ended just one month after the album's release. This allowed the band to prepare for their Japanese promotions and for their "Hands Up Asia Tour."
The "2PM Show" began broadcasting in July 2011 on SBS’s E!TV cable channel and featured all six members. It was the first time 2PM would emcee a program with their name on it.
On 30 November 2011, 2PM released their first studio album in Japanese language, "Republic of 2PM". It contains all of their Japanese singles released to date (Take Off, I'm Your Man and Ultra Lover) plus the Japanese version of their most recent Korean hit song “Hands Up”, as well as a new song composed by Minjun for Japanese fans called “Hanarete Itemo" (離れていても, Even When We're Apart) and 4 other completely new songs. The main point of the album artwork motif is a taste of the 50’s and 60’s.
Oricon released their sales for 2011, announcing that 2PM was the 2nd best selling new artist in Japan, only behind Johnny & Associates's group Kis-My-FT2, with 990 million yen (12.68 million USD) only in singles, albums and DVDs sales.
In April 2012, 2PM announced plans to release a documentary film with 2AM, to be known as "Beyond The One Day", in Japan.
"Grown" (2013–present).
After more than a year, 2PM made their Korean comeback in 2013 with their third studio album, "Grown". A teaser for the music video of "Comeback When You Hear This Song", the lead single of their album, was released in May 2, 2013 on 2PM's official YouTube account. The full music video was released in May 6, 2013 along with 10 songs from the album. This album is a two title track album, the track "A.D.T.O.Y." was released on May 11, 2013.
As part of their promotion activities for the album, from 2 May to 31 July 2013, the group took part in the "2PM G+Star Zone" exhibition, at the Apgujeongrodeo Station. It is part of the "G+Dream Project" by Gangnam-gu Office for disadvantaged youth.
The group made their promotional appearance for the album was on M.net's "M! Countdown" on 16 May, where they performed "A.D.T.O.Y." and "Comeback When You Hear This Song", along with Shinhwa, for their album "The Classic" and Seo In-young for her EP "Forever Young".
Other activities.
Television hosting.
In December 2008, 2PM began to host the third season of MBC's "Idol Show" (아이돌군단의 떴다!그녀). The segment ran from 4 December 2008 to 26 March 2009, with a total of seventeen episodes.
The group also starred in a reality show on M.net, titled "Wild Bunny", in which the members escaped the pressures of stardom by performing ten forbidden activities of idols. The show ran from 21 July 2009 to 1 September 2009, with seven episodes aired; the airing of the final episode, which coincidentally featured the members engaged in a "Leader Olympics" game to select a new leader, was postponed indefinitely due to Jaebeom's internet controversy and his subsequent departure from the group.
In addition, Taecyeon and Wooyoung have been hosting SBS (Seoul Broadcasting System)'s weekly music show "Inkigayo", while Jaebeom and Chansung have also made regular appearances on 'Introducing Star Friends'. Since Jaebeom was voted off, Nichkhun replaced his position as the guest. Nichkhun and Wooyoung were also frequent guests on SBS's variety talent show "Star King" between April and October 2009, with the other 2PM members occasionally joining them.
Recently, Taecyeon became a permanent cast member of the second season of "Family Outing", a celebrity variety show airing on SBS. Wooyoung is also now a co-host of the KBS celebrity talk show "Win Win". In March 2010, Junho returned as a permanent cast member of the sports variety show "Dream Team 2", also on KBS, for which he was part of the pilot episode in September before having to withdraw due to Jaebeom's controversy. In June 2010, Nichkhun signed on to be a part of the popular MBC celebrity reality show "We Got Married", where he acted as a make-believe husband to Victoria of Korean girl group f(x). In 2013, Taecyeon appear in We Got Married - Global Edition and his partner was a Chinese actress named GuiGui.
Acting.
The members of 2PM have made numerous appearances in dramas and movies, with roles ranging from cameos to leads.
Chansung, even before 2PM's debut, has starred in MBC's "Unstoppable High Kick", along famous actors such as Jung Il Woo, Park Min Young and Kim Bum, continuing his acting career with roles in "Jungle Fish", Japanese drama "Kaitō Royale" and a supporting role in the MBC drama '7th Grade Civil Servant'. He has also been casted in the forthcoming romantic comedy film 'Red Carpet.
Taecyeon and Wooyoung have also had lead roles in the popular television series "Dream High" broadcast by KBS in 2011, along top actor Kim Soo Hyun and celebrities from the Korean music scene, including IU and miss A's Suzy. Taecyeon has also had roles in "Cinderella's Sister" and in the drama of Japanese production "Boku to Star no 99 Nichi" along Kim Tae Hee. He has also been casted as a lead in upcoming tvN period drama 'Who Are You?' and in the comedy movie 'The Night Before The Wedding'.
Junho debuted as an actor in the film 'Cold Eyes', also starring top actors Sol Kyung Gu and Han Hyo Joo.
In 2012, Nichkhun starred in the debut Thai film "Seven Something". He then appeared in the Japanese live-adaptation film "Ouran High School Host Club" as Lawrence, the president of a Singaporean corporation. This year, he finished filming for One and A Half Summer in China and Greece. It will air in summer next year.
Endorsements.
In March 2009, 2PM was selected to model for EXR, a clothing company in Korea. In July 2009, the members of 2PM were selected as the representatives of foreign artists by the Thai government-led tourism campaign, "I Love Thailand." Member Nichkhun has also been selected by the Tourism Authority of Thailand (TAT) as the face of their newest campaign, "Come to Thailand; Let's Take a Break!"
In August 2009, 2PM collaborated with the Body Shop in 'Soft Hands, Kind Heart', a worldwide campaign that calls for the protection of children and teenagers against sex trafficking. The members will act as Korea's spokespeople for the campaign.
In late October 2009, a commercial film (CF) of 2PM promoting Hanami (a Thai snack company) was released, which also included Jaebeom; the commercial was said to be filmed prior to his departure in September.
November 2009 saw multiple new endorsement deals for the group, the first of which being a commercial and print campaign for Market O's "Real Brownie" pastry. Shortly thereafter, the group endorsed the Samsung Corby mobile phone, one of the newest mobile devices in Samsung's popular "Anycall" series, both on television and on the Samsung website. 2PM is also currently endorsing Paris-Croissant Food Company's Paris Baguette bakery franchise, for which the group recorded a special Christmas song and are featured in a series of commercials with popular Korean actress Kim Tae Hee.
In 2010, 2PM has signed on to endorse Coca-Cola as well as the clothing company SPRIS (also known as PONY). Members Nichkhun, Taecyeon, Minjun and Wooyoung endorse Cass Beer, and Nichkhun has continued advertising for the Suzuki Jelato motorcycle in Thailand. In addition, 2PM now endorses Calvin Klein South Korea, as well as, most recently, It's Skin, a South Korean cosmetics and skin care brand.
In mid-2010, 2PM were chosen along with Girls' Generation to be the spokesperson for Caribbean Bay. Shortly after, the members of 2PM (except for Nichkhun) were chosen to sing the song "Fly to Seoul (Boom Boom Boom)" to support tourism in Korea. Due to renewal of their endorsement deal with Samsung, 2PM recorded the song "Nori For U" for Samsung Anycall NORi.
On 8 June 2011, 2PM participated in Coca Cola‘s 125th anniversary event, held at the Canon Plex Gallery in Apgujung, Seoul. To commemorate the milestone, Coca Cola opened an exhibition with their logo collector’s items and consumer products at the Gallery. Since they’re popular endorsement models for the brand, 2PM were invited to the event and even presented a Coca Cola bottle that they had designed themselves. A giant cake also wowed the crowd with its unique design featuring 125 special bottles and Coca Cola’s limited-edition NRGB bottle.
For 2011, 2PM topped the TV commercial charts of the biggest advertising portal site as hit models because they hold the most viewed commercials. 2PM ranked first (Nichkhun), second (2PM), and tenth (Taecyeon) in the popularity list, tenth (2PM) in total number of commercials, and ninth (2PM) and tenth (Nichkhun) in average ratings. Through this, 2PM have proved that they are TV commercial models loved by both advertisers and consumers. The TV commercial model charts show ranking lists of models based on TV commercials aired on Public TV channels for last 12 months. TVCF’s draws its data from commercials aired on the main channels in the past year, and the site divides up its ranks based on the number of commercials starred in, average grades, number of viewers, and downloads, out of these four charts, 2PM stood out in the viewer hit list. A rep from JYP Entertainment stated, "“2PM is not only starring in commercials in Korea, but also in Thailand for the health drink BRAND’S and the body product line Eversense. Countries across Asia such as Indonesia, the Philippines and Japan are sending in love calls for more.”"

</doc>
<doc id="19515915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515915" title="Gianaclis">
Gianaclis

Gianaclis () is a neighbourhood in Alexandria, Egypt.

</doc>
<doc id="19515919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515919" title="Western Australian state election, 1947">
Western Australian state election, 1947

Elections were held in the state of Western Australia on 15 March 1947 to elect all 50 members to the Legislative Assembly. The result was a hung parliament—the four-term Labor government, led by Premier Frank Wise, was defeated with a swing of approximately 7%, but the Liberal-Country Party coalition, led by the Liberal Party leader Ross McLarty, won exactly half of the seats, and needed the support of the Independent members Harry Shearn and William Read to obtain a majority in the Assembly.
The election was the Liberal Party's first major showing since its formation in 1944-1945 out of the former Nationalist Party. Coincidental with this, in 1944, was the significant change in the fortunes of the Country Party when the Primary Producers' Association, of which the Party had been the political wing, passed a motion during negotiations with the Wheatgrowers' Union deleting the rule which authorised the Party's existence and its use of PPA branches and funds for party purposes. A new organisation was hastily set up by the Opposition Leader Arthur Watts and the member for Pingelly, Harrie Seward, who were very active in setting up branches to endorse local candidates and obtaining donations on which to run the 1947 campaign. This was the start of a significant decline in the Country Party's fortunes over the ensuing decades. 

</doc>
<doc id="19515942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515942" title="The Friars">
The Friars

The Friars may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19515969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515969" title="Salt Marsh Opera">
Salt Marsh Opera

Salt Marsh Opera is a U.S. non-profit opera company that performs across southern Connecticut and Rhode Island. Founded in 2000 and based in Stonington, Connecticut, Salt Marsh Opera has offered productions of "Madama Butterfly", "Tosca", "Cosi fan tutte", "The Mikado", "La bohème", "La traviata", "Il barbiere di Siviglia", and "Lucia di Lammermoor". It also stages full-dress rehearsals and hosts lectures and soirees to expand public appreciation of opera.

</doc>
<doc id="19515981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515981" title="Sara Shepard">
Sara Shepard

Sara Shepard is an American author known for the bestselling "Pretty Little Liars" and "The Lying Game" book series, both of which have been turned into television shows on ABC Family.
Biography.
Shepard graduated from Downingtown High School in Downingtown, Pennsylvania in 1995. She attended NYU and also has an MFA from Brooklyn College. Her father was American, and her mother was born in Toronto. She currently resides in Pittsburgh, PA.
Television Series.
Shepard's "Pretty Little Liars" and "The Lying Game" book series have been turned into a television series by ABC Family. The "Pretty Little Liars" series of novels is "loosely based on her experiences growing up on Philadelphia's Main Line."
"Pretty Little Liars" is filming season four and has been picked up for a fifth. It has also been announced that it would get its own spin-off, "Ravenswood". 
Troian Bellisario, Ashley Benson, Shay Mitchell, and Lucy Hale star as the main characters: Spencer Hastings, Hanna Marin, Emily Fields and Aria Montgomery. Shepard had a cameo on "Pretty Little Liars" in episode seven of season one.
"The Lying Game" was canceled after its second season that aired in March 2013. Alexandra Chando starred as the main two characters: Sutton Mercer and Emma Becker.

</doc>
<doc id="19515986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19515986" title="Clarksville Academy">
Clarksville Academy

Clarksville Academy is a private college-preparatory school in Clarksville, Tennessee, offering pre-kindergarten through grade 12. It focuses on a combination of academic and athletic excellence. The school has several sports teams with a cougar as their mascot.
History.
On November 14, 1969, a group of parents met at the Farm Bureau Building in Clarksville, Tennessee, to discuss forming an independent school in the Clarksville area. The discussion produced three guiding principles for the creation of this new school: Low student-teacher ratio, well-qualified teachers, and a headmaster dedicated to the education and training of children. 
A second meeting was held on December 22, 1969. Floyd L. Brown was elected chairman of the steering committee and later as the first Chairman of the Board of Trustees.
The third meeting was held on May 69, 1971 at which time K. L. Barton was introduced as the Academy's first Headmaster. 
Clarksville Academy opened its doors on August 31, 1970 for classes in grades one through nine.
The campus expanded, adding four new buildings and a nearby sports complex in the year 2007.
Recent Success.
In August 2008, Clarksville Academy installed ActivClassroomss in a majority of the rooms to allow interactive learning with the students.
After a 15-8 record, and victories in the District 10-A, Region 5-A, and Class A sectional, tournaments, the varsity boys basketball team, led by 6'6" Malcolm Smith and the improved Heath Dyer, entered the 2009 TSSAA Class A state tournament for the first time in school history. The drawing for the tournament was taken on Saturday, March 14. They played on Wednesday, March 18 at 3:15 against the Summertown Eagles with over 95% of the school there to root them on. It was a long and hard fought game, but they came away with a 53-50 loss.
The next year, while the Academy celebrated their 40th anniversary and the advance of student Killian White to the National Merit final round, the basketball team made a record 36-2 stand, ranking first in the TSSAA basketball standings. With another district and region victory, they justified their revenge on the Summertown Eagles in the sectional round, allowing their second entrance into the state championships. They re-entered the MTSU Murphy Center against the Wayne County Wildcats and the CSAS Patriots in the quarterfinals and semifinals, respectively. With a police-escorted caravan, the Cougars fought hard against the Grace Baptist Golden Eagles in the finals and won 82-77 in double overtime.
Accreditation and Membership.
The school is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools, and hold membership with the National Association of Independent Schools, Educational Records Bureau, Fellowship of Christian Athletes, Key Club and Builders Club, National Honor and National Junior Honor Societies, and College Board.

</doc>
<doc id="19516000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516000" title="The Friars (Tasmania)">
The Friars (Tasmania)

The Friars are four steep dolerite rocks, with a combined area of about , in south-eastern Australia. They are part of the Actaeon Island Group, lying close to the south-eastern coast of Tasmania, at the southern entrance to the D'Entrecasteaux Channel between Bruny Island and the mainland. They form part of South Bruny National Park.
The group was named The Fryars by Tobias Furneaux in in March 1773.
Fauna.
Recorded breeding seabird species are the Little Penguin, Short-tailed Shearwater, Fairy Prion and Common Diving-Petrel. The Metallic Skink is present. Australian Fur Seals, and possibly New Zealand Fur Seals, use the rocks as a regular haul-out site.

</doc>
<doc id="19516002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516002" title="King Street (Dundas, Hamilton, Ontario)">
King Street (Dundas, Hamilton, Ontario)

King Street starts off as a collector road in the east-end of town in Dundas, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada beside Cootes Paradise and the Desjardins Canal at "Olympic Drive" and switches to an arterial road at "York Street" and cuts through the town of Dundas where it ends in the west-end by the CN railway tracks at the base of the Niagara Escarpment. It is a two-way street throughout.
Note: West of the CN railway tracks this road changes its name to Brock Road.
History.
On January 1, 2001 the new city of Hamilton was formed from the amalgamation of the Regional Municipality of Hamilton-Wentworth and its six municipalities: Hamilton, Ancaster, Dundas, Flamborough, Glanbrook, and Stoney Creek. Before amalgamation, the "old" City of Hamilton had 331,121 Hamiltonians divided into 100 neighbourhoods. The new amalgamated city has 490,268 people in over 200 neighbourhoods. As well, there are two King Streets found in the new city of Hamilton. One in Dundas and the other in Lower City Hamilton, (King Street (Hamilton)).
The Dundas Valley was formed by retreating glaciers more than 25,000 years ago. Dundas originally was known as Cootes Paradise, named after Captain Cootes of the Kings Royal 8th Regiment and was incorporated as a town in 1847. 
The Carnegie Library was the first library to open in Dundas. It opened in 1910 and was funded by a donation from American industrialist, Andrew Carnegie, and the citizens of Dundas. Today it plays a central role in the historic character of the Valley Town. In 1980 it became the home of the "Dundas Art & Craft Association", a non-profit organization. 
Dundas was also proclaimed the cactus capital of Canada in 1976. An summertime festival called The Cactus Festival is held in Dundas annually. When it was discovered that Dundas was already internationally recognized for the Cacti produced by the local "Ben Veldhuis Cactus Greenhouses", the citizens of Dundas came up with the name, “Cactus Festival” for a summertime festival. 
The Desjardins Canal in pioneer days provided the essential means of transportation. Dundas, located at the head of navigation of Lake Ontario and the eastern terminus of the "Governor's Road", was thus in a favoured position. However, in 1823 the government authorized the construction of a canal for larger vessels through Burlington sand-bar. Since its completion would make the shallow approach through Coote's Paradise marsh inadequate, Pierre Desjardins, an enterprising settler from France, formed a company in 1826 to build a canal there. Opened on August 16, 1837, it contributed greatly to the development of this region until the completion of the Great Western Railway in 1853, when the Desjardins Canal gradually fell into disuse. By the time the first train entered Dundas in 1895 commercial traffic on the canal had come to an end.
The canal continued to be a popular recreational spot; boats could be rented for fishing, excursions and picnics to La Salle Park, Oaklands and Burlington Beach. In 1966 Dundas Town Council granted permission for the canal basin to be filled in. On July 1, 1967 as part of Canada's Centennial Celebration Dundas' Centennial Park was officially dedicated.
Hollywood North.
The De Luxe Restaurant is a nostalgic 1950s-style diner used primarily today for film shoots. A number of feature films and television productions have been shot here in Dundas at the De Luxe Restaurant. In 2006 the NBC television serial drama, The West Wing, directed by Christopher Misiano and starring Jimmy Smits and Bradley Whitford was shot here at this location.
Also in 2006, Man of the Year, a political thriller/comedy movie directed by Barry Levinson and featuring Robin Williams and Christopher Walken was shot here. As well, , the third movie in The American Girl Movie Collection, tagged as a Disney Channel Original Movie was shot here. It was directed by Joyce Chopra and stars Molly Ringwald.
In 2007, parts of Closing the Ring, a film directed by Richard Attenborough and starring Shirley MacLaine, Christopher Plummer and Neve Campbell was shot in Dundas and at the De Luxe Restaurant. Also in 2007, CIBC Bank used the restaurant for a TV commercial shoot.
Landmarks.
"Note: Listing of Landmarks from West to East."
Communities.
"Note: Listing of neighbourhoods from West to East."
Roads that cross King Street.
"Note: Listing of streets from West to East."
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19516023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516023" title="The Art of the Engine Driver">
The Art of the Engine Driver

The Art of the Engine Driver is a 2001 novel by Australian author Steven Carroll. It is the first in a sequence of novels, followed by "The Gift of Speed" and "The Time We Have Taken".

</doc>
<doc id="19516060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516060" title="Frank Sheriff">
Frank Sheriff

Frank Sheriff (born 1957) is an abstract sculptor who was born in Yokohama, Japan to an American father and a Japanese-American mother. Because his father was employed by the United States Army, Frank lived in Japan, Nevada, California, New York, Texas, North Carolina, and Hawaii during his childhood. He started studying art at Oregon State University but returned to Hawaii to be with his mother when his father died in 1980. He entered the University of Hawaii at Manoa, where he earned a BFA in 1984, and an MFA in 1989.
Frank Sheriff is known for both abstract and representational metal sculptures. His sculptures in public places include:

</doc>
<doc id="19516068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516068" title="Yeheidie'erding">
Yeheidie'erding

Yeheidie'erding (也黑迭兒丁, "Yěhēidié'érdīng", ? - 1312), also known as Amir al-Din (, "Amīr al-Dīn"), was a Muslim architect who helped design and led the construction of the capital of the Yuan Dynasty, Khanbaliq, located in present-day Beijing, the current capital of the People's Republic of China.
Construction of Khanbaliq.
Yeheidie'erding learned from Han architecture. In 1264, in preparation to establish the Yuan Dynasty, Kublai Khan decided to rebuild the city which was then known as Zhongdu (中都, "central capital", pinyin: Zhōngdū) as his new capital. Liu Bingzhong was the planner and the original architect and was appointed as the supervisor of its construction, while Yeheidie'erding help designed and led the construction. The construction of the walls of the city began in the same year, while the imperial palace was built from 1274 onwards. The design of the city followed the Confucianism classic "Zhouli" (周禮, "rites of Zhou"), in that the rules of “9 vertical axis, 9 horizontal axis”, “palaces in the front, markets in the rear”, “left ancestral worship, right god worship” were taken into consideration. It was broad in scale, strict in planning and execution, complete in equipment. After the establishment of the Yuan Dynasty in 1271, Kublai Khan renamed the city from Zhongdu to Khanbaliq (大都, "great capital", pinyin: Dàdū) in 1272, and it officially became the capital of the Yuan Dynasty, though some constructions in the city were not completed until 1293. It would last until 1368 when Zhu Yuanzhang, the founder of the Ming Dynasty and future Hongwu Emperor, made his imperial ambitions known by sending an army toward the Yuan capital. The last Yuan emperor fled north to Shangdu and Zhu declared the founding of the Ming Dynasty after razing the Yuan palaces in Khanbaliq to the ground, and the city was renamed Beiping (北平, pinyin: Běipíng) by the Ming Dynasty in the same year. After the enthronement of Yongle Emperor, the third Ming emperor, the city was renamed to Beijing (北京, pinyin: Běijīng) and became the capital of the Ming Dynasty.

</doc>
<doc id="19516073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516073" title="Angariones">
Angariones

Angariones (Greek: Αγγαριώνες, older form Αγκαρυώνες - "Agkaryones") is a village in the Greek island of Lemnos, part of the municipal unit Nea Koutali. In 2001 its population was 138. It is situated in the western part of the island, 1.5 km north of Portianou, 2 km west of Nea Koutali, 4 km northeast of Kontias, 4 km west of the Lemnos Airport and 10 km east of Myrina. 
History.
The village was first mentioned in 1396 in a codex of the Pantokratoros monastery as "Kariones". The German traveller Conze knew it as "Agrionis" in 1858. The strategic location of the village on a hill over the bay of Moudros made it very suitable as an observation point for the Byzantines. On the small hill "Paliokastro" there were watchtowers, used during the Orlov Revolt, that were known as the "Angariones Vigles". The name probably refers to "angaron pyr", the fire that the watchmen used to send signals.
Until the 20th century, Angariones has always been a very small village, with some farms and a small church of St. George. There were 25 families in 1862, it slowly rose to 28 in 1874. It was part of the community of Kontias. In 1928 it became an independent community with only 15 inhabitants, but the population grew with the arrival of refugees and landless people. It had 45 inhabitants in 1935. A water supply with a beautiful fountain was built, trees were planted and a school was opened. Cotton cultivation brought significant growth in the 1940s and 1950s, and the population reached its peak at 242 in 1951. It declined again due to emigration, and in 2001 its population was 138.

</doc>
<doc id="19516074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516074" title="Bogoljub Jevtić">
Bogoljub Jevtić

Bogoljub Jevtić (December 24, 1886, Kragujevac, Kingdom of Serbia – 1960, Paris, France) was a Serbian diplomat and politician in the Kingdom of Yugoslavia.
He was plenipotentiary minister of Yugoslavia in Albania, Austria and Hungary. After the assassination of King Alexander I of Yugoslavia, on December 22, 1934 he was appointed prime minister of Yugoslavia, holding this position till June 24, 1935.

</doc>
<doc id="19516086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516086" title="The Gift of Speed">
The Gift of Speed

The Gift of Speed is a 2004 novel by Australian author Steven Carroll. It is the second in a sequence of novels, following "The Art of the Engine Driver" and followed by "The Time We Have Taken".

</doc>
<doc id="19516097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516097" title="Jamke Cheema">
Jamke Cheema

Jamke Cheema is one the largest villages in the Sialkot District of Punjab, Pakistan. The village is about 10 miles away Daska and is located on the west bank of Marala Ravi Link Canal. 
Employment.
Most of the population work in agriculture.
Education.
The village has high literacy rate. There are three high schools, two for boys (Government High School and Saint Mary's High School) and a separate high School for girls. 

</doc>
<doc id="19516105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516105" title="Home (Robinson novel)">
Home (Robinson novel)

Home is a novel written by the Pulitzer Prize-winning American author Marilynne Robinson. Published in 2008, it is Robinson's third novel, preceded by "Housekeeping" in 1980 and "Gilead" in 2004.
The novel chronicles the life of the Boughton family, specifically the father, Reverend Robert Boughton, and Glory and Jack, two of Robert's adult children who return home to Gilead, Iowa. A companion to "Gilead", "Home" is an independent novel that takes place concurrently.
The novel won one of the 2008 "Los Angeles Times" Book Prizes, the 2009 Orange Prize for Fiction and was a finalist for the 2008 National Book Award for Fiction.
"Home" was named one of the "100 Notable Books of 2008" by "The New York Times", one of the "Best Books of 2008" by "The Washington Post", one of the "Favorite Books 2008" of "The Los Angeles Times", one of the "Best Books of 2008" of "The San Francisco Chronicle", as well as one of "The New Yorker" book critic James Wood's ten favorite books of 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19516115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516115" title="Victoria Mironova">
Victoria Mironova

Victoria Mironova is a Russian ballerina and founder of the Victoria International Ballet Academy.
Mironova was initially taught by a teacher of the former "Imperial Russian Ballet" (presently known as the Vaganova Ballet Academy). By the age of 11, she had passed the competitive examination and was enrolled in a full-time program of the Vaganova Ballet Academy in 1971 where she studied for eight years. In the latter years of her studies she took parts as a prima ballerina in performances of her ballet school at the Mariinsky Theater (formerly Kirov Theater).
Having received her Artiste de Ballet diploma she became a professional dancer. Mironova then took a one-year master class of Natalia Dudinskaya, People’s Artist of the USSR (the USA awarded her the title “Outstanding Woman of the 20th century”), to become a Principal Dancer. She had 21 years of professional dance experience with the Mikhaylovsky Theatre (formerly Mussorgsky Opera Theater), St. Petersburg, Russia.
In 1995, after five years of university studies, she graduated from the Pedagogical (Teachers’) Department of the Vaganova Ballet Academy majoring in teaching choreographic disciplines and choreography (as per the Vaganova syllabus). Since 1991, Mironova has taught classical ballet, character and historic dances in Russia and Canada. She is the founder, artistic director, teacher and choreographer at the Victoria International Ballet Academy in Vaughan, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="19516155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516155" title="Tinta Amarela">
Tinta Amarela

Tinta Amarela or Trincadeira is a red wine grape that is commonly used in Port wine production. The grape is noted for its dark coloring. Its use in the Douro region has been increasing in recent years. The vine is susceptible to rot and performs better in dry, hot climates.
It is one of the most widely planted grape varieties in Portugal. It is the oldest and most widely planted grape variety in the Alentejo region, where it is called Trincadeira. The wine tends to be full-bodied and rich, with aromas of blackberries, herbs and flowers.

</doc>
<doc id="19516162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516162" title="Karim Kerbouche">
Karim Kerbouche

Karim Kerbouche (born January 16, 1982) is an ice hockey player, widely recognised as the creator of Algerian ice hockey. In 2008 Kerbouche saw his dream come true as Algeria national ice hockey team took to the ice for the first time in the Arab Cup of Ice Hockey, Kerbouche scoring Algeria's first goal against the Morocco national ice hockey team.
As the Algerian ice hockey programme expanded the Association Algerienne de hockey sur glace et inline was formed. More staff were brought in to fill management roles, while Kerbouche became Director and continued as a player.
As well as continuing to work on the Algerian hockey programme, Kerbouche has put into action the Arab Ice Hockey Association aimed at aiding the progress of ice hockey in the Arab World. He is also working on community projects based in London, aimed at introducing the sport to young Algerians growing up in Britain.
In 2009 Kerbouche Signed for Lee Valley Lions in the ENIHL.

</doc>
<doc id="19516163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516163" title="Leopard hunt game">
Leopard hunt game

Leopard hunt games or simply leopard games are a group of abstract strategy games of Southeast Asian origin, similar in spirit to European fox games, although they are believed to have arisen independently. The games are usually played on a triangular board with three horizontal parallel lines (including the triangle's base) intersecting the other two sides of the triangle and a vertical bisector. Though a number of variants exist, the basic principle of the game sees one player with a single piece (the hunter) and the other playing six or seven pieces (the hunted). Players move pieces in turn along the board's lines. The objective for the hunter is to capture the opponents pieces by "jumping" over them as in checkers while the hunted seeks to corner the hunter so that it has no possible move. Regional variants include Len Choa and Hat diviyan keliya.

</doc>
<doc id="19516170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516170" title="Charles Romley Alder Wright">
Charles Romley Alder Wright

Charles Romley Alder Wright DSc (Lond), BSc (VicT), FCS, FRS (1844 – June 25, 1894) was an English chemistry and physics researcher at St. Mary's Hospital Medical School in London. He was the first person to synthesize heroin, in 1874.
Professional life.
Charles Romley Alder Wright was a founding member of the Royal Institute of Chemistry of Great Britain and Ireland. He served as its first treasurer from 1877 to 1884 and was instrumental in the establishment of the institute.
Discovering heroin.
In quest of a non-addictive alternative to morphine, he had been experimenting with combining morphine with various acids. He boiled anhydrous morphine alkaloid with acetic anhydride over a stove for several hours and produced a more potent, acetylated form of morphine, now called "diacetylmorphine", also known as heroin.
Marketing diacetylmorphine.
Heinrich Dreser, a chemist at Bayer Laboratories continued to test heroin and Bayer marketed it as an analgesic and "sedative for coughs" in 1888. When its addictive potential was recognized, Bayer ceased its production in 1913.

</doc>
<doc id="19516171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516171" title="Maroondah Reservoir">
Maroondah Reservoir

The Maroondah Reservoir is a small reservoir used to supply water to Melbourne, Victoria. 
Constructed in the 1920s by the Melbourne and Metropolitan Board of Works, it is a concrete gravity dam. It is now operated by Melbourne Water.
Like most of Melbourne's water storages, the entire catchment is eucalypt forest completely closed to human activity, as is the reservoir itself. Immediately below the wall, the Maroondah Reservoir Park
features a large garden landscaped in an "English style", featuring many exotic plants very different from the surrounding native vegetation. 
A walking track leads across the dam wall, over the spillway, and up to a lookout from which much of the reservoir can be viewed.
History.
The Maroondah scheme was the third water supply source for Melbourne, following the Yan Yean and Toorourrong schemes. 
The Maroondah Aqueduct was built in 1886–1881 to supply water to the Preston Reservoir from a diversion weir on the Watts River. The level for the aqueduct was determined by the site of the proposed Maroondah Reservoir. Preparatory work for the dam was undertaken during the period 1915–1919. Construction commenced in October 1920 and was completed in 1927. During this period the capacity of the Maroondah Aqueduct was increased.

</doc>
<doc id="19516244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516244" title="Tehachapi Renewable Transmission Project">
Tehachapi Renewable Transmission Project

The Tehachapi Renewable Transmission Project is a project to build approximately 173 miles of new and upgraded high-voltage transmission lines for transmission of electricity from wind farms and other generating units in southern Kern county, California to Los Angeles County and the existing Mira Loma Substation in San Bernardino County. The project is developed by Southern California Edison. Construction started on March 7, 2008. When completed in 2013, the transmission system will have a capacity of 4,500 megawatts that could provide power for 3 million homes.
State laws requiring SCE to provide at least 33% of its power service from renewable sources by 2020 is driving the project. The SCE has no interest in owning the land that the project is on, but is obligated to construct the transmission system nonetheless. 
External links.
California Public Utilities Commission page for the TRTP

</doc>
<doc id="19516248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516248" title="John George Pyke">
John George Pyke

John George Pyke (ca 1743 – September 3, 1828) was an English-born merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Halifax County from 1785 to 1799 and Halifax Township from 1799 to 1800 and from 1802 to 1818 in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly .
He was the only child of John Pyke and Ann Scrope of Yorkshire. He came to Nova Scotia with his parents in 1750, though he was educated in England. A year after his arrival in Canada his father was killed at Dartmouth by the Mi'kmaqs. Two months later, his mother married Richard Wenman. 
At St. Paul's, Halifax in August, 1772, Pyke married Elizabeth Allan, the daughter of Major William Allan by his wife Isabella, daughter of Sir Eustace Maxwell. Elizabeth Pyke was the sister of John Allan. John Pyke inherited his stepfather's properties, including a brewery, in 1781. Pyke also served as magistrate in charge of the police, fire warden and colonel in the local militia. He was also Grand Master for the Freemasons. He died in Halifax.
The Pykes were the parents of seven children: George Pyke was the eldest son, and another son, Lieutenant Wincknatte Pyke (d.1813) of the 7th Royal Fusiliers, was killed at the Siege of San Sebastian. One of their daughters, Anne, married James Irvine.

</doc>
<doc id="19516249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516249" title="Arthur Pembroke">
Arthur Pembroke

Arthur "Bushy" Pembroke MC (23 July 1928 - ) is an Australian Korean War veteran who was awarded the Military Cross for bravery during an attack against Hill 317 during the Battle of Maryang San in October 1951. The Military Cross (MC) is the third highest military bravery decoration awarded to officers and (since 1993) other ranks of the British Army and formerly other Commonwealth Nations including Australia.
Early Life and Officer Training.
Pembroke was born in Brisbane in 1928. After finishing his secondary schooling he attended the Royal Military College, Duntroon in Canberra and was commissioned a Lieutenant in the Australian Army. Graduating in December 1950, Pembroke received the Sword of Honour which is awarded for excellence of conduct and performance of duty.
Korean War Service.
Pembroke arrived in Korea in July 1951 and was attached to the 3rd Battalion, Royal Australian Regiment. He took over as commander of 9 Platoon, 'C' Company which was under the command of Jack Gerke DSO, AM.
Military Cross Action.
The official historian of the Korean War, Robert O'Neill, wrote of the Battle of Maryang San "In this action 3RAR had won one of the most impressive victories achieved by any Australian battalion. In five days of heavy fighting 3RAR dislodged a numerically superior enemy from a position of great strength...The victory of Maryang San is probably the greatest single feat of the Australian Army during the Korean War."
Post-War Service and Civilian Life.
Pembroke was Director of Operation State Emergency Services and Civil Defence from 1978 - 1984. He served in the Returned and Services League Defence Committee for 25 years and was President of the New South Wales Defence Force Welfare Association from 1992 - 1995. He has two sons, one daughter and twelve grandchildren and lives in Sydney.
Honours & Awards.
Lieutenant Colonel Arthur Pembroke has been awarded the following honours:

</doc>
<doc id="19516263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516263" title="Mary Francis Ames">
Mary Francis Ames

Mary Francis Ames, born Mary Frances Leslie Miller, authored and illustrated children's books as Ernest Ames or Mrs. Ernest Ames. Her books include "An ABC, for Baby Patriots" (1899), which was used for teaching children the alphabet, and illustrating "The Tremendous Twins or How the Boers Were Beaten" (1900) and "Really and Truly! Or, the Century for Babes" to accompany text written by her husband Ernest Ames. Books by Mrs. Ernest Ames are taught as examples of imperialism and colonialism in literature classes, and cited as such elsewhere.

</doc>
<doc id="19516306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516306" title="Spade Cooley's Western Swing Song Folio">
Spade Cooley's Western Swing Song Folio

"Spade Cooley's Western Swing Song Folio" was the first songbook to identify the big Western dance band music as "Western Swing". In October 1944, ""Billboard" made the following announcement, unceremoniously giving the subgenre its common label for the first time in a national publication: 'Spade Cooley will put out 25 of his original tunes, together with an album of band numbers and suggestions on arrangements for Western Bands. Book to be titled 'Western Swing'." All songs in the folio list both Spade Cooley and Smokey Rogers as co-writers.
Spade Cooley was one of the first song-writers signed by Jean and Julian Aberbach for their new music publishing house, Hill and Range Songs, Inc., the publishers of this folio.
Sheet music.
Sheet music in the folio are:

</doc>
<doc id="19516323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516323" title="Gladesmore Community School">
Gladesmore Community School

Gladesmore Community School is a mixed-gender comprehensive, 11–16 secondary school in Tottenham, London.
The school's specialisms include Gifted and Talented, Mathematics and Computing, and Applied Learning.
History.
Gladesmore combines a number of previous schools in the vicinity:
Crowland Road School opened in 1911 and became Crowland Secondary Modern in 1946.
The Crowland School buildings then became part of the new Markfield Secondary Modern, which was founded in 1956.
Drayton School then replaced Markfield School, opening in Gladesmore Road in 1967.
Gladesmore was a poor school in the 1980s-90s, but when Tony Hartney became Headmaster in 1999, the school turned from Poor to Outstanding, receiving extremely positive reviews from Ofsted. In 2006, Mr Hartney was awarded a CBE for his work at the school.
Gladesmore received the The Queen's Award for Voluntary Service on 29 June 2011.
Prefecture.
Pupils may apply to become a prefect in year 10, stating their qualities and suitability. In year 11, a head boy and head girl are appointed, along with a deputy for each. In year 7 students may vote for a boy and a girl in their year to become a part of the student council.
Value Life.
In 2003, Gladesmore pupils founded the Value Life campaign, which started as a small gathering of students aiming to tackle gun and knife crime. This evolved into a series of larger events, such as a carnival, a march, a music video and a short film.
Value Life was supported by many officials, such as Queen Elizabeth II, Boris Johnson & David Cameron. The campaign won the Philip Lawrence Award in 2008.
Everybody Dreams.
In 2011, Gladesmore founded the Everybody Dreams campaign, which aims to improve the reputation of Tottenham after the 2011 England Riots. This included the release of a song performed by pupils at the school. It was supported by people like David Lammy, Boris Johnson, Westlife's Mark Feehily, Ricky Gervais, Jessica Ennis and Wretch 32. The song reached number 33 in the iTunes Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="19516333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516333" title="List of airports in the Melbourne area">
List of airports in the Melbourne area

The following are active airports serving the Melbourne area.
Main airports.
The following are the four airports that offer regularly scheduled passenger flights.

</doc>
<doc id="19516335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516335" title="Darin Olver">
Darin Olver

Darin Olver (born March 5, 1985 in Burnaby, British Columbia) is a Canada-born German professional ice hockey left winger. He currently plays for the Eisbären Berlin of the DEL. He comes from a hockey family. His father, John, played in college and coached many teams in Canada and the United States, including 2 years as an assistant coach for Northern Michigan while Darin played there. Also his brother, Mark, is currently playing for the Colorado Avalanche.
Playing career.
Olver played college hockey at Northern Michigan University and was a second round, 36th overall, NHL draft pick of the New York Rangers. Upon graduating from his collegiate career, Olver joined the Rangers American Hockey League affiliate, the Hartford Wolf Pack, on an amateur try-out to end the 2006–07 season.
Without an offer from the Rangers, Olver left for Germany signing a one-year contract with the Fischtown Pinguins of the 2nd Bundesliga. Leading Fischtown with 56 points in 52 contests, Olver was picked up by DEL team, the Straubing Tigers.
With a season limited with injury and producing only 11 points, Olver left for Augsburger Panther signing a one-year contract on March 2, 2009. In the 2009–10 season, Olver broke out to be among the DEL leaders with 60 points, resulting in helping an unlikely Augsburg reach the finals for the first time in their DEL history and quickly earning a one-year extension on March 17, 2010.
Olver consolidated his position among the elite in Germany in the following 2010–11 season. Despite Augsburger returning to the bottom echelons of the DEL, Olver led the entire league with 47 assists and 70 points to be awarded the DEL's player of the year.
On May 2, 2011, Olver left Augsburg and signed with reigning champions, Eisbären Berlin, on a one-year contract.

</doc>
<doc id="19516404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516404" title="The Cavemen Go">
The Cavemen Go

The Cavemen Go are an American indie rock quartet, active since 2003. The Cavemen Go sounds include elements of indie-rock, pop, folk and country.
History.
The Cavemen Go were formed in 2003 by singer/songwriter Jeremy Sage and drummer Bob Breychak (formerly of The Frills/The Sarcastics). Accompanying the duo early on was singer/songwriter Jason Mazzotta (ex-The Frills/The Sarcastics, later of the Bourgeois Heroes and the Novels) who periodically played bass and second guitar with the group (although he never officially joined). Following the recording of their self-titled EP (co-produced by Mazzotta and Marc Teamaker), the band played their first show at The Space in Hamden, Connecticut, opening for Mike Viola (of the Candy Butchers) and Jed Parrish (of the Gravel Pit). By the time the EP was released in the Fall of 2003, the band had added keyboardist and vocalist Steve Rodgers to the group.
During the summer of 2004, the band began work on their second EP "Never Part Again" in Easthampton, releasing the EP in September, 2005 on the Holyoke based 'WG Records.' By this time Rodgers had left the group and was initially replaced by bassist John Varrone, guitarist Zach Lloyd and keyboardist Matt McDonald. Lloyd exited the group before ever playing a show. McDonald also left the group quickly, relocating to England in the Fall of 2005. He was replaced by vocalist/keyboardist/multi-instrumentalist Emily McMinn.
The Cavemen Go played a number of shows throughout the Northeast in 2005 and 2006, opening for groups like We Are Scientists, the American Princes and Cassettes Won't Listen. They also made visits to festivals like the Meriden Daffodil Festival and Popfest! New England not to mention appearances on regional radio and TV programs. During the Fall of 2006 the band went on hiatus while some members re-located to Boston, Massachusetts and Baltimore, Maryland.
In the summer of 2007 the Cavemen began work on their first full-length album. For this recording the band decided to produce the album completely by themselves, buying large amounts of recording and musical equipment in the process. In addition they took over two floors of a three-family house in New Haven's East Rock neighborhood to record the album.
Following principal recording of the album, long-time bassist John Varrone left the group to dedicate more time to his family and to pursue a doctorate in biology. The group initially performed as a trio before replacing Varrone with bassist/vocalist Brian LaRue (aka Tyler Trudeau of the Tyler Trudeau Attempt and Women's Basketball) in early 2009.
After a prolonged period of post-production, the band's debut full-length album "New Lives" was finally released in July, 2009. It was later reissued in June, 2010 on February Records, gaining distribution through Jigsaw Records in the U.S. and Rough Trade shops in the U.K.
After performing at a range venues throughout the Northeast United States in support of the album, the Cavemen Go recorded the non-album single 'Someone's Always Dying To Break My Heart' at New Haven's Firehouse 12 studio. The single was released in November, 2010 on the Connecticut based February Records.
By January, 2011 bassist Brian LaRue had left the band and was replaced by former Those Transatlantics bassist Joe Clark. Also in January, 2011, the band appeared on the February Records compilation "One Year of Original Music From February Records" contributing the previously released song 'The Saddest Affair.'
The Cavemen Go are currently performing throughout the Northeast United States in support of their latest single.

</doc>
<doc id="19516445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516445" title="Craigmore Christian School">
Craigmore Christian School

Craigmore Christian School (sometimes known as Craigmore Christian College) is an R-13 Christian co-educational, independent private school in Craigmore, a northern suburb of Adelaide, South Australia in the Playford district. The school now has about 400 students, with a capacity of up to 600.
History.
The founding Craigmore campus was established in 1980 as an affiliation of the Craigmore Christian Church.
Principal George Sears served from 1981-2005. Sandra Jesshope served as Principal from 2006-2010. In 2011, Dominic Hopps took over this role.
Sport.
There are three communities (houses) derived from the names of Christian missionaries involved in efforts known as Operation Auca; Fleming (blue), Saint (white) and Elliot (red).
Facilities.
Work began in 2007 on a A$4,000,000 building redevelopment and expansion boasting a brand new multi-purpose gymnasium, a 800 seat auditorium, to be jointly used by the church and school, and a new 3-storey administrative and middle school building. This building is also due to house an enlarged library. Craigmore Christian School benefitted from the funds available through the Federal Labor Government's Building Education Revolution erecting new classrooms, Science and Language facilities.
Academics.
Curriculum includes Accelerated Christian Education (ACE) for primary and middle school students, and Vocational Educational Program (VET) for Senior Students along with the South Australian Certificate of Education (SACE). There has been involvement with various state and national competitions and initiatives such as Rostrum Voice of Youth, Tournament of Minds, Premier's Reading Challenge, Scholastic book club, and the South Australian Primary Schools Amateur Sports Association (SAPSASA) competition. The school won the "Happy Little Vegemites Awards" in 2000 as part of a Vegemite promotion, presented by James Blundell.
All students in years 3-12 attend camps in various Australian locations such as Wellington, Wirraway Homestead, Port Hughes, Flinders Ranges, Kangaroo Island, Canberra, Victor Harbor and Aldinga Beach. Other locations for excursions include Adelaide Zoo, Adelaide Symphony Orchestra, and the Adelaide Botanic Gardens.

</doc>
<doc id="19516468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516468" title="Tinta Francisca">
Tinta Francisca

Tinta Francisca is a red wine grape found primarily in the Douro DOC and is sometimes used in Port wine production. The grape is often confused with the similarly named Touriga Francesa. There are some theories that the grape maybe related to Pinot noir but no ampelographical link has yet been discovered between the two varieties. The grape is known for its sweet perfume but has less concentration than other Port grapes.

</doc>
<doc id="19516477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516477" title="Ignacio De La Fuente">
Ignacio De La Fuente

Ignacio De La Fuente (born January 1, 1949) was an Oakland City Councilmember. He was also the President of Oakland's City Council until January 2009, when he became vice mayor of Oakland.
Background.
De La Fuente was born in Mexico City, immigrated to California at the age of 21, and subsequently became an American citizen. De La Fuente settled in Oakland, California and began working in a foundry as a machinist.
Trade union representative.
In 1977 he was elected as a union representative of Phoenix Iron Works. Today De La Fuente serves as an International Vice President for the Glass, Molders, Pottery, Plastics, and Allied Workers International Union, AFL-CIO, where he negotiates for members through the collective bargaining process.
Oakland City Council.
First elected to the Oakland City Council in 1992, he served as the chair of the Council's Economic and Community Development Committee until January 1999. When Oakland adopted the Strong-Mayor form of government, that removed the Mayor from the City Council and created the position of Council President. De La Fuente became the first Council member to be elected by his peers to serve as President of the Oakland City Council in 1999. He has been re-elected to this position every two years since then.
Opposition to medical marijuana movement.
In 1998, when the Oakland City Council deputized the Oakland Cannabis Buyer's Cooperative to distribute medical marijuana, De La Fuente cast a negative vote, saying that he could not support such efforts in "good conscience," citing concerns over abuse as well as control, certification, and monitoring of caregivers. De La Fuente supported efforts in 2003 to shutter all of Oakland's dispensaries but one, contending that "at least half of the clubs (were) selling pot for recreational use."
Oakland-Alameda County Coliseum Joint Powers Authority.
De La Fuente also co-chairs the Oakland-Alameda County Coliseum Joint Powers Authority, overseeing the City’s Coliseum-Arena complex and three professional sports franchises.
2006 mayoral campaign.
De La Fuente ran unsuccessfully for Mayor of Oakland in 2006, placing second of three major candidates, behind the winner (former Congressman Ron Dellums) but ahead of challenger Nancy Nadel. On June 16, 2006, after a careful ballot recount, and a dispute over whether votes for unqualified write-in candidates such as George W. Bush and Homer Simpson counted towards the total, Dellums was declared the winner in the Oakland mayoral race. Dellums garnered the 50.18 percent majority he needed to win the election This was 155 votes more than needed to avoid a runoff. Dellums received 41,992 votes, while De La Fuente received 27,607 votes, and Nadel 10,928 votes.
Personal life.
On October 26, 2007, the councilman's son, Ignacio De La Fuente Jr., was sentenced to fourteen years in prison for the rape of three women, and a 15-year old girl. The councilman maintains his son's innocence, and claims there was a "conspiracy" within the Oakland Police Department to target his son, and publicize the charges, for the purpose of embarrassing the elder De La Fuente during his unsuccessful 2006 mayoral bid.
On December 23, 2010, a California Highway Patrol officer alleges to have observed De La Fuente speeding around 80 mph and making unsafe lane changes while driving his 2006 Buick on the Nimitz Freeway, I-880, near the Fruitvale Avenue exit in East Oakland. A CHP spokesperson alleges that, after being stopped, De La Fuente was noticeably impaired and failed field sobriety and driver coordination tests. He was booked into the North County jail in Downtown Oakland before being released the same evening to the custody of his wife, Elvia. Prosecutors, citing a lack of evidence, declined to seek DUI charges against De La Fuente.

</doc>
<doc id="19516479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516479" title="Attawapiskat River">
Attawapiskat River

The Attawapiskat River is a river in Kenora District in northwestern Ontario, Canada that flows east from Attawapiskat Lake to James Bay.
Course.
The Attawapiskat River travels a distance of , and has a drainage area of .
The source of the river is Attawapiskat Lake at an elevation of . The main rivers flowing into the lake that are thus part of the Attawapiskat River drainage basin are the Marten-Drinking River, the Otoskwin River and the Pineimuta River.
There are two outflows from the Attawapiskat Lake into the Attawapiskat River: a southern and a northern channel. The southern channel is named by the Atlas of Canada as the Attawapiskat River, and is the source location listed in the Infobox at right. The northern channel is named by the Atlas of Canada as the North Channel, and is the more easily navigated route for canoeing. The North Channel outflow from Attawapiskat Lake is at and consists of two short streams that lead into Windsor Lake. The elevation of the river drops significantly along these two outflow channels, descending from the higher ground of the Canadian Shield to the flatter and more boggy Hudson Bay Lowlands. After a series of rapids, the North Channel rejoins the Attawapiskat River (the southern channel) at at an elevation of .
The river continues east, and makes a bend to the north at Pym Island at at an elevation of . The Streatfeild River joins from the right at an elevation of , and the outlet river from McFaulds Lake, centre of the Northern Ontario Ring of Fire geological area, joins from the left further downstream at at an elevation of . Further downstream, the river then heads east once again. The Mukutei River joins the Attawapiskat from the left at at an elevation of , and the Missisa River joins from the right further downstream at at an elevation of .
At at an elevation of the Lawashi Channel begins and takes part of the Attawapiskat’s flow into the Lawashi River at a point upstream of that river’s mouth at James Bay. The mouth of the Lawashi River is approximately southeast of the mouth of the Attawapiskat. After the Lawashi Channel branching, the main river continues east, past the community of Attawapiskat upstream from the mouth, and exits into the James Bay at the Akimiski Strait, across from Akimiski Island.
Geology.
Less than from its mouth, the Attawapiskat has carved out several clusters of spectacular high limestone islands, nicknamed by canoeists the "Birthday Cakes". The formations are unique to the region, the Swampy Cree (Omushkegowuk) word for which, "chat-a-wa-pis-shkag", gives name to the river.
The Attawapiskat kimberlite field lies astride the river.
Economy.
Otoskwin/Attawapiskat River Provincial Park includes parts of the river from Attawapiskat Lake to a point just upstream of the confluence with the Muketei River.
Since June 26, 2008, the De Beers Victor Diamond Mine, in the Attawapiskat kimberlite field, has operated near the river about west of the community of Attawapiskat. The mine was expected to produce of diamonds a year.
References.
Other map sources:

</doc>
<doc id="19516480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516480" title="Educational Theory of Apprenticeship">
Educational Theory of Apprenticeship

The apprentice perspective is an educational theory of apprenticeship concerning the process of learning through physical integration into the practices associated with the subject, such as workplace training. By developing similar performance to other practitioners, an apprentice will come to understand the tacit (informally taught) duties of the position. In the process of creating this awareness, the learner also affect their environment; as they are accepted by master practitioners, their specific talents and contributions within the field are taken into account and integrated into the overall practice.
The Apprenticeship Perspective can be used to teach procedures to students. For example, tying a shoe, building a fire, and taking blood can all use the Apprenticeship Perspective to teach students these skills. However, it can be used to develop master practitioners in fields that involve increased complexity, numerous webs of interaction, or shifting environments demanding constant attention. Driver education, flight training and sports training all use the Apprenticeship Perspective for learners to learn a specific skill.
Definition.
Apprenticeship learning has several formal definitions. Here are the most popular definitions:
In summary, apprenticeship learning is a method used by teachers to teach students about a specific task. It is utilized in a problematic situation so students know how to react when faced with a similar situation. Students work very closely with an expert at learning a specific skill. Apprenticeship learning is very beneficial to the learner.
Educational theory of apprenticeship.
Unlike most other perspectives of education, the apprenticeship perspective is rarely formally taught. This is because the concepts communicated through apprenticeship are often practical, tacit strategies for achieving goals that do not always conform to standard procedure. For example, in an office environment lunch breaks may be limited to thirty minutes, but through apprenticeship one learns that up to forty-five minutes is acceptable. It would be inconvenient for the company to formally allow that allotment, but through informal training the message may still be communicated.
Educational theories of apprenticeship often involve the combination of formal and information training for the development of schema, mental structures that represent individual understanding of experiences that frame a person’s conceptualization of reality. For example, a bicycle mechanic accustomed to road cycling may study texts covering mountain biking, but he will probably find it difficult to apply that formal training on a rough course. Educational theory’s response to this is apprenticeship; by riding with a friend on the mountain side, the cyclist can watch and learn, constantly reiterating his performance to meet the demands of the sport. In this way he is developing his schema through formal and informal training.
The Apprentice Perspective is a holistic field of learning because it involves the education of both the student and the teacher. As the learner develops a schema that begins to incorporate the intricacies of the environment, they will be more capable of performing similarly to their peers. Once this is recognized by the trainer, the student will become accepted as a peer; at this point, as the new worker tackles problems through their new and previously existing schema, their individual talents may start to be applied within the group practices. In this way, apprenticeship retains fresh information and ideas within a common body of knowledge.
Factors of success in apprenticeship.
According to Pratt (1998), successful development through apprenticeship involves three key factors. To become a master of the field, the learning process must be active, social, and authentic. These points will lead to the learner’s greater understanding of the field and improved future contributions:
Apprenticeship phases.
The apprenticeship perspective includes a series of phases that help articulate the roles of the learner and teacher during the process of observing and enacting concepts.
Goals of apprenticeship.
There are three main goals of apprenticeship learning according to Brandt et al. (1993).
These three goals have been accomplished based on published literature, learners feel apprenticeship "learning experience expands their awareness of the factors that should be considered' helps them organize and pay attention to their thought processes while handling difficult tasks, problems, and problematic situations; and emphasizes the importance of particular aspects of such tasks, problems, and problematic situations previously ignored or regarded as unimportant" (Brandt et al., 1993). Clearly the three goals of apprenticeship learning have been accomplished. Learners have been able to discover what works in situations, and knows how to handles problems and finally the learner can perform at a satisfactory level.

</doc>
<doc id="19516483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516483" title="Zapp IV">
Zapp IV

Zapp IV is the fourth studio album by Ohio P-Funk band Zapp. The song "Computer Love" was the albums biggest hit, reaching #8 on the Billboard Hot 100. The song "Radio People" was featured in the movie Ferris Bueller's Day Off.
A music video was produced for the single "It Doesn't Really Matter". There is also a remixed 5:33 Long Version of "It Doesn't Really Matter" released on a vinyl 12" single record.

</doc>
<doc id="19516488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516488" title="Paddy Breathnach">
Paddy Breathnach

Paddy Breathnach (born 1964, Dublin, Ireland) is an award-winning Irish film director and producer. He directed "Man About Dog", "Blow Dry" and "Shrooms". He was also involved in the production of "The Mighty Celt" and "Ape".
He has received awards at the Thessaloniki Film Festival, the San Sebastián International Film Festival and the Bogotá Film Festival. 

</doc>
<doc id="19516495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516495" title="Carolyn A. Miller Elementary School">
Carolyn A. Miller Elementary School

Background.
The Carolyn A. Miller Elementary School serves the poorest children in the Liberian refugee community in Ghana. The mission of the school is to offer an education to every child who cannot afford one. The vision of the Carolyn A. Miller Elementary School is to transform each disadvantaged child of today into a leader of tomorrow.
The school not only provides students with a solid academic foundation in a wide range of essential subjects, but also helps them become responsible and productive members of the Liberian community. This is done by teaching critical skills in conflict resolution, problem solving and peacebuilding.
The faculty encourage and welcome international organizations, volunteers and donors to assist in this critical work - together they can shape the lives and futures of Liberian children, and, through them, the future of Liberia.
Mission.
The local population has been greatly affected by the Liberian civil war, HIV/AIDS and poverty. The school gives the poorest children in the community sound academic instruction and helps them understand the importance of education, and the role it will play in their future. Children are equipped with vital life skills in the classroom and encouraged to develop the moral values of responsibility and dignity. Strong after-school programs help the children discover their unique talents and gifts, and learn how they can be useful in the future.
In Africa, most primary schools require children to pay fees for instruction, uniforms, books and materials. Even modest school fees are beyond the reach of some children living at Buduburam Refugee Settlement. The school's founders saw that, because of these obstacles, hundreds of primary school age children were not receiving an education. They resolved to found a school that would be completely free, and provide a competitive and well-rounded education for disadvantaged youth.
Students at Carolyn A. Miller Elementary are provided with uniforms, books, classroom supplies, and quality instructors. They are also given personalized and individualized academic attention during and after school. The staff are committed to ensuring that each child learns and grows to the his or her full potential at Carolyn A. Miller Elementary.

</doc>
<doc id="19516523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516523" title="Mirza Bzhalava">
Mirza Bzhalava

Bjhalava has made one appearance for the Georgia national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="19516538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516538" title="Periquita">
Periquita

Periquita, also known as Castelão and João de Santarém, is a red wine grape found primarily in the south coastal regions but is grown all over Portugal and is sometimes used in Port wine production. The name is derived from the Portuguese term for "parakeet". The vine thrives in sandy soils but is able to adapt to a variety of conditions. It produces a wine that can be harshly tannic in its youth but softens as it ages. In the Algarve VR, it is often blended with Negra Mole to produce a wine with less aging potential but less harsh in its youth.

</doc>
<doc id="19516547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516547" title="Poplar Island (Chesapeake Bay)">
Poplar Island (Chesapeake Bay)

Poplar Island, located on the Chesapeake Bay, was first seen by Spanish explorer Juan Menendez de Marques in 1573. It is part of Talbot County, Maryland and is currently being rebuilt by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers using dredged material from the Chesapeake Bay's approach channels to Baltimore, located approximately 30 miles north/north-west of the island. The project's current estimate of cost is $1.2 billion and is, according to schedule, going to be completed in the year 2039.
History.
English colonists began settling Poplar Island in the 1630s. It served as a campsite for British warships during the War of 1812.
The island had split into three pieces by the late 1800s. At that time, the larger piece was home to the town of Valliant, a community of about 100 residents, with its own post office, school, general store, and a sawmill. Its sawmill may have contributed to the island's erosion by cutting down trees, whose roots held the sandy soil together.
By 1920, the last permanent resident had left and the island became a hunting retreat. A clubhouse built on Poplar Island during the 1930s had two presidents among its vacationing guests: Franklin D. Roosevelt and Harry S. Truman. The clubhouse burned down in 1946.
Poplar Island's landmass covered more than 1,000 acres in 1847, shaped in a four-mile long crescent, bending around Jefferson Island (east). Erosion eventually reduced its landmass to less than 5 acres by 1990, most of which comprised its southern piece, Coaches Island. Four tiny fragments to the north of Coaches Island were known as North Point, Middle Poplar and South Poplar.
Restoration with dredged material.
Federal and state officials selected Poplar Island in the 1990s as a dumping site for material dredged from the shipping channels approaching Baltimore (dredge soil from Baltimore Harbor is polluted and is not being used in Poplar Island). This would allow restoration of the island while keeping the Chesapeake's deep-draft shipping channels open, maintaining Baltimore as a major port, and halting the earlier practice of open-water dumping. The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers began reconstruction of the island in 1998 with the erection of dikes to contain the dredged material.
The U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service initiated the Poplar Island restoration project, because it was concerned about the accelerating loss of “remote island habitat” in the Chesapeake Bay and the damaging effect it was having on birds, waterfowl and other wildlife. Poplar Island was seen as a mutually beneficial project because Baltimore and the Corps of Engineers (the lead agencies in the project) needed a new place to put dredge spoils, and the FWS needed new land. The agencies cooperated under the slogan of “economy and environment,” since the project helps preserve the local economy (120,000 Maryland jobs depend on the port of Baltimore) while restoring precious habitat for the Chesapeake’s wildlife.
Hart Miller Island, another badly eroded island in the Chesapeake Bay, received dredged material over a 25 year period. By 2009, this island had been restored to 1,140 acres of wildlife habitat and recreation land.
Dredged material from shipping channels in the Chesapeake Bay may also be used to restore James Island, as part of the Mid-Bay Island Restoration Project. James Island, located at the mouth of the Little Choptank River, had eroded to three tiny fragments. The projects plans call for adding 2,000 acres to James Island with dredged material to restore the island to its historic footprint. However, work on James Island depends upon the project's inclusion in federal grants for the Water Resources Development Act; funding had not yet been approved as of March 2011.
Wildlife sanctuary.
Since its reconstruction with dredged material began in 1998, Poplar Island had grown to 1,140 acres by 2005. Plans call for the addition of another 575 acres. Half of the island's acreage will be turned into wetlands and half into uplands. The project will use 68 million cubic yards of dredged material protected by 35,000 feet of containment dikes, built with 75% federal funding and 25% state funding. Only "clean" material, dredged from approach channels, is being used on Poplar Island. The Poplar Island restoration project will not use material dredged from close to Baltimore, which may be contaminated with heavy metals.
The island is the home of approximately 175 different species of birds, including terns and osprey. More than 1,000 diamondback terrapins have been reported hatching annually on the island in recent years.
Chesapeake Bay biologists consider Poplar Island's restoration to be a huge success for the diamondback terrapins, a brackish water turtle — and Maryland’s “official state reptile.” Terrapins started laying eggs on the island almost as soon as construction workers started building the sand berms and beaches, and the island now hosts the nation’s largest terrapin research and propagation project. Terrapins here enjoy a nearly 99 percent survival rate (compared with 10 percent or less elsewhere) because there are no fox or raccoon, their major predators. This prompted the Fish and Wildlife Service to undertake an active environmental education and volunteer program on in the island, including the popular Terrapin Bay." http://www.soundingsonline.com/news/coastwise/288525-poplar-island-success-in-the-bay</ref>
Both the Poplar Island and Hart-Miller Island restoration projects are overseen by Maryland Environmental Service, an independent Maryland State agency responsible for finding innovative solutions to the region’s most complex environmental challenges and preserving the region’s natural resources for generations to come.

</doc>
<doc id="19516564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516564" title="Henry Jolles">
Henry Jolles

Henry Jolles (November 28, 1902-July 16, 1965), born Heinz-Frederic Jolles, was a German pianist and composer. Uprooted from his native Germany by the rise of Nazism, he spent his last quarter-century in Brazil.
Life.
Jolles was born in Berlin to Dr. Oscar Jolles and his wife, Gertrude, née Sternberg. She, at least, was Jewish. The family evidently was prosperous; Oscar, who had received a degree of Doctor of Philosophy at Jena University in 1886, was president and majority owner of the large printing and publishing company H. Berthold AG, and near the end of World War I the Kingdom of Württemberg would honor him with the Wilhelmkreuz, a recently created civilian decoration for merit in the war effort, for his management of that company’s metals business.
Henry Jolles at age six played for the celebrated virtuoso and composer Eugen d’Albert, who subsequently greatly influenced the boy’s musical development. After studying piano with Artur Schnabel and Edwin Fischer and composition with Paul Juon and, privately, with Kurt Weill, Jolles began to develop a successful performing career in the 1920s. His academic career also flourished, bringing appointment as professor at the Cologne Music Academy in 1928, at which point he moved from Berlin-Charlottenburg to Cologne.
The ascendency of the Nazis brought an abrupt halt to this progress and several years of disruptions. In 1933, the regime directed Jolles's dismissal from his Academy position, and by 1934 Jolles had moved to Paris to escape persecution. There, he had some success in re-establishing his performing career and, in 1940 or 1941, married Elisabeth Henriette Sauty de Chalon, but with the fall of France in 1940, Jolles came back into danger from the German occupation. Luck was with him, however, as he received assistance from the American Varian Fry. Jolles thereby secured an entry permit into Brazil and was able to flee France aboard a freighter from Marseille in 1942. Once in Brazil, he settled in São Paulo and changed his name from “Heinz” to “Henry.” His mother and sister died in the Auschwitz concentration camp in 1943. 
Jolles and his wife would remain residents of Brazil for the rest of their lives. Their sole child, a son named Olivier De Chalon Jolles, was born there in 1945. In 1952, fellow expatriate Hans-Joachim Koellreutter invited Henry Jolles to accept a teaching position at the Escola Livre de Música in São Paulo. There his students included composer Henrique de Curitiba. Jolles died in São Paulo in 1965; his wife died there on 26 March 1968.
Career.
Jolles launched a successful career as a performer in the 1920s, earning a reputation as an accomplished performer of both classical and contemporary literature. Of particular note, in 1928 he performed the complete piano works of Franz Schubert in a series of recitals at the University of Heidelberg. Upon fleeing Germany for France after 1933, Jolles met with some success in re-establishing his career, from 1935 to 1939 leading the concert society “La Sonata,” but the German invasion forced him to start yet again in Brazil. That disruption proved one too many; while he returned to touring in Europe in 1946 and in Germany in 1950, and around that time made long playing recordings for the American Haydn Society label, he was unable to recapture his earlier success.
The war was also destructive to his work as a composer. The sole survivor of his compositions predating 1933 is a fragment of a work he wrote jointly with Weill for four pianos. Music written after he arrived in Brazil, of course, did not suffer a similar fate. Among those works are piano pieces, a ballet based on "Carmen", a sonata for violin and piano, and the song "Ultimo poema de Stefan Zweig,"; the last is based on Stefan Zweig’s "Letzte Gedicht," which the poet wrote on the occasion of his 60th birthday in November 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="19516574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516574" title="Heinrich Fritsch">
Heinrich Fritsch

Heinrich Fritsch (December 5, 1844 – May 12, 1915) was a German gynecologist and obstetrician who was a native of Halle an der Saale.
He studied medicine at the Universities of Tübingen, Würzburg and Halle, where in 1869 he earned his medical doctorate. Afterwards he remained at Halle as an assistant at the clinic of obstetrics under Robert Michaelis von Olshausen (1835-1915). In 1877 he became an associate professor, and in 1882 was a professor and director of the obstetrical clinic at Breslau. From 1893 to 1910 he was a professor at the University of Bonn.
Fritsch was a highly regarded surgeon and teacher, who is credited for training an entire generation of acclaimed gynecologists, that included physicians such as Hermann Johannes Pfannenstiel (1862-1909). In 1894 he provided an early description of "Asherman's syndrome", and his name is associated with "Fritsch's manipulation", an obstetric compression technique used for controlling bleeding. 
In 1877, with Hermann Fehling (1847-1925), he founded the gynecological journal "Zentralblatt für Gynäkologie".

</doc>
<doc id="19516582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516582" title="Bailey pair">
Bailey pair

In mathematics, a Bailey pair is a pair of sequences satisfying certain relations, and a Bailey chain is a sequence of Bailey pairs. Bailey pairs were introduced by while studying
the second proof of the Rogers-Ramanujan identities, and Bailey chains were introduced by .
Definition.
The q-Pochhammer symbols formula_1 are defined as:
A pair of sequences (α"n",β"n") is called a Bailey pair if they are related by
or equivalently
Bailey's lemma.
Bailey's lemma states that if (α"n",β"n") is a Bailey pair, then so is
(α'"n",β'"n") where
In other words, given one Bailey pair, one can construct a second using the formulas above. This process can be iterated to produce an infinite sequence of Bailey pairs, called a Bailey chain.
Examples.
An example of a Bailey pair is given by 

</doc>
<doc id="19516590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516590" title="George Knox Anderson">
George Knox Anderson

George Knox Anderson JP (1854 – 19 March 1941) was briefly the Conservative Member of Parliament (MP) for Canterbury.
In April 1912, he was appointed a deputy lieutenant of Kent.
Anderson was elected unopposed in August 1918 to succeed Francis Bennett-Goldney, who was killed while serving in France. Anderson was nearly 64 years old when elected. 
He retired at the dissolution three months later, becoming one of the shortest serving MPs on record. He never made a speech or asked a question, although he voted in 12 divisions.
For many years he was Honorary Treasurer of Canterbury Diocesan Board of Finance.
Anderson died at Bridge Hill, Canterbury in 1941, aged 86.

</doc>
<doc id="19516602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516602" title="List of Irish film directors">
List of Irish film directors

An Irish film director is someone who directs films and is Irish. The list is far from exhaustive.

</doc>
<doc id="19516604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516604" title="Kettle Bottom">
Kettle Bottom

Kettle Bottom is a collection of historical poems published in 2004 by Perugia Press in Florence, Massachusetts and written by Diane Gilliam Fisher. The collection's deep focus is on the West Virginia labor battles of 1920 and 1921, such as the Battle of Matewan and Battle of Blair Mountain. "Kettle Bottom" was named Top Ten Poetry Book for 2005 by American Booksellers Association Book Sense, was winner of the Ohioana Library Association Poetry Book of the Year, was a finalist for the Weatherford Award of the Appalachian Studies Association, and selected for inclusion in The Pushcart Prize XXX: Best of the Small Presses.
Author's Note.
In the Author's Note at the beginning of "Kettle Bottom", Fisher explains the cause of the conflict between the West Virginia miners and the company owners and operators: "Subsistence wages, the unwillingness of coal operators to slow production for safety reasons, their intransigence with regard to the rights of the miners to organize—these conditions made enemies of the miners and the operators. The situation was aggravated by the organization of life in the camps, which the companies controlled in every respect. Housing was owned by the company; trade was often limited to company-owned stores; the company brought in the doctor, often built the school and brought in the teacher, built the church and supplied the preacher."
Structure.
"Kettle Bottom" consists of 50 poems, which are divided into three sections: I. Summer ~ Fall, II. Raven Light, and III. Winter ~ Summer. The collection is structured to read as a narrative; the poems written chronologically into one coherent, suspenseful plot. "Raven's Light," the only poem in the collection's middle section and the longest poem of all the sections, divides the plot between the time before the minor's rebellion (section I, Summer and Fall) and the time after the minor's rebellion (section III, Winter and Summer).
Language.
Diane Gilliam Fisher shows a mastery of language in this collection. One of the strongest literary devices she employs in her poems is an acute sense of dialect and voice, which not only matches time and place (early 1920s in West Virginia), but also character. Her collection is crafted using persona poems. Each is written specifically from one individual's or character's perspective, although the individual who is a particular poem's narrator varies significantly throughout the collection. This unique ability to go outside herself to capture the personalities and viewpoints of others is shown immediately in Diane Gilliam Fisher's opening poem of "Kettle Bottom":
Explosion at Winco No. 9
Delsey Salyer knowed Tom Junior by his toes,
which his steel-toed boots had kept the fire off of.
Betty Rose seen a piece of Willy's ear, the little
notched part where a hound had bit him
when he was a young'un, playing at eating its food.
It is true that it is the men that goes in, but it is us 
that carries the mine inside. It is us that listens 
to what all they are scared of and takes
the weight of it from them, like handing off 
a sack of meal. Us that learns by heart
birthmarks, scars, bends of fingers,
how the teeth set crooked or straight.
Us that picks up the pieces.
nothing to patch with but my old blue dress,
and Ted didn't want flowered goods
on his shirt. I told him, "It's just under your arm,
Ted, it ain't going to show."
you couldn't tell. I seen a piece of my old blue dress
on one of them bodies, blacked with smoke,
but I could tell it was my patch, up under the arm.
When the man writing in the big black book
come around asking about identifying marks,
I said, "blue dress". I told him, "Maude Stanley, 23".
Theme.
The powerful message that "Kettle Bottom" conveys to its readers is a realization of the horrific history of labor in America and the corruption that circulated during this time, causing dangerous work conditions and inhumane treatment of workers.
Characters.
The characters of Diane Gilliam Fisher's poems range from the children, wives, and family of the coal miners, the immigrant works, the company owners and operators, to the news reporters who were brought in to report on the rebellion. One of the most compelling persona poems in the collection tells the life story of an Italian immigrant who came to America with the dream of becoming an expert stonecutter and architect:
David
At home, in Carrara, Papa he is "mastro"
"di tagliapietra", master stonecutter, maker
of beautiful buildings and bridges. Rich men
they knock on our door, asking "licenza"
to enter our house, to talk with Papa
about a portico, or a piazza.
Papa he love the stone.
He takes me to see the David, for what
is Michelangelo, he tells me, if not a stonecutter.
"La differenza", he says, is that when Papa
sees a stone he sees inside it the face
of a beautiful building. Michelangelo
he sees a beautiful man.
Then he cuts away from the stone
everything that is not David.
Papa wants to come here because America
is a land of beautiful buildings still
hiding in their stones. He believes
be can uncover those buildings,
"scoprire la belleza nascosta nella pietra".
When we arrive, he tells the men
with the books -- "roccia, pietra"—and he makes
the motion of hitting the stone. They point
to a train. When the train stops, they give Papa
not a chisel, but a shovel. He shakes his head, "no", 
"no", "no"—but already we owe for the train. 
Papa tries to pay, he goes every day
into the mountain, into the stone. It seals
him in. "Sealed in", the men from the company
they tell Mamma the roof it fell, they are sorry.
No survivors, too dangerous to try to bring
the bodies out. The rich men here, they see nothing
in the stone but money. "Non c'e nessuno che vede"
"ill mio papa e gli altri nella pietra". No Michelangelo
here to cut the stone away from the beautiful men. 
By using persona characters such as the Italian immigrant in "David", Diane Gilliam Fisher conveys in "Kettle Bottom" the emotional truth of West Virginia's coal mining history.

</doc>
<doc id="19516644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516644" title="Chuen Yan Cheng">
Chuen Yan Cheng

Chuen-yan Cheng is the inventor of the male contraceptive drug , which is the first male contraceptive drug on the market now finished with clinical trials showing no side-effects.

</doc>
<doc id="19516651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516651" title="Women in Shakespeare's works">
Women in Shakespeare's works

Women in Shakespeare is a topic within the general discussion of Shakespeare's dramatic and poetic works. Women appear as supporting and central characters in Shakespeare's plays, and these characters, as well as the so-called "Dark Lady" of the sonnets, have elicited a substantial amount of criticism, which received added impetus during the second-wave feminism of the 1960s. A considerable number of book-length studies and academic articles investigate the topic. 
Several moons of Uranus are named after women in Shakespeare.
Historiography.
19th century criticism.
Early criticism of female characters in Shakespeare's drama focused on the positive attributes the dramatist bestows on them and often claimed that Shakespeare realistically captured the "essence" of femininity. Helen Zimmern, in the preface to the English translation of Louis Lewes's study "The Women of Shakespeare", argued in 1895 that "of Shakespeare's "dramatis personae", his women are perhaps the most attractive, and also, in a sense, his most original creations, so different are they, as a whole, from the ideals of the feminine type prevalent in the literature of his day."
Lewes himself strikes a similar tone of praise in his conclusion: "The poet's magic wand has laid open the depths of woman's nature, wherein, beside lovely and exquisite emotion, terrible passions play their dangerous and fatal part."
This early period of women in Shakespeare, which ends in the beginning of the twentieth century, is characterized by a very conventional tone and treatment and the confirmation of female submission. The editors of a 1983 collection called "The Woman's Part", referencing three books by women authors from the 19th century (an authoritative book, "Shakespeare's Heroines" by Anna Jameson, originally published 1832, and two fictional biographies in novel form of two of Shakespeare's heroines from 1885) conclude that these early critics are "uneasy" when Shakespeare's heroines behave "unwomanly", and that adaptations of their stories "praise girlish sweetness and modesty in a style that today appears effusive." These are, they say, "culturally induced limitations" on the part of the female critics and authors studying and adapting Shakespeare's women.
Modern criticism.
Recent critics take a variety of approaches to the topic. For feminist critics influenced by French feminism, the analysis of the female body in Shakespeare's plays has proven fruitful. Carol Chillington Rutter, author of "Enter the Body: Women and Representation on Shakespeare's Stage" (2001), focuses for instance on the body of Cordelia, as her father, King Lear, carries her on to the stage; on the body of Ophelia in the grave; and on the bodies of the two women on the bed at the end of "Othello", "a play that destroys women."

</doc>
<doc id="19516681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516681" title="Cognitive Systems Research">
Cognitive Systems Research

Cognitive Systems Research (ISSN 1389-0417) is an international peer-reviewed academic journal devoted to cognitive science.
The journal is published by Elsevier Science, with the first volume published in 1999. 
The editors in chief are R. Sun of Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute and V.G. Honavar or Iowa State University, Ames. 
The journal has an impact factor in Journal Citation Reports of 1.173. It is indexed in Scopus, and PsychInfo

</doc>
<doc id="19516716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516716" title="Kirzhach River">
Kirzhach River

The Kirzhach River () is a river in the Vladimir Oblast in Russia, a left tributary of the Klyazma River. The length of the river is 133 km. The area of its drainage basin is 1820 km². The Kirzhach River originates at the confluence of the Bolshoi Kirzhach River and the Maly Kirzhach River near Ivashevo Village. The river flows from north to south and empties into the Klyazma at Gorodishchi. The Kirzhach is a shallow river with a maximum depth of 4 m and a maximum width of 70 m. It is not navigable for larger vessels, however it is very popular for canoeing and kayaking. Its major tributary is the Sheredar' River. The towns of Kirzhach and Gorodishchi are located on the shores of the Kirzhach.
The name is from Mordvin: , 'left' (sc. tributary).

</doc>
<doc id="19516742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516742" title="Soldiers' Memorial">
Soldiers' Memorial

The Soldiers Memorial Military Museum in downtown St. Louis is a memorial and military museum, at 1315 Chestnut Street, operated by the St. Louis Board of Public Service. Interior east and west wings contain display cases with military displays and memorabilia from World War I and subsequent American wars. 
The building was designed by St. Louis architectural firm Mauran, Russell & Crowell in a stripped Classical style, with a severely simplified form and limited ornament. It was dedicated by Franklin Delano Roosevelt in 1936 and officially opened to the public on Memorial Day, 1938.
Four monumental sculptural groups representing figures of "Loyalty", "Vision", "Courage" and "Sacrifice" by sculptor Walker Hancock stand, with their horses, on the north and south sides of the building. Other architectural sculpture here was completed by Hillis Arnold. 

</doc>
<doc id="19516743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516743" title="Citygate">
Citygate

Citygate Outlets (T: 東薈城, S: 东荟城, P: "Dōnghuì Chéng") is owned by a consortium of Hong Kong's leading property developers and managed by Swire Properties Management Limited. When it first opened for business in 2000, the mall was simply known as Citygate. Following a major shift in market position, the mall renamed itself Citygate Outlets in August 2006 and became Hong Kong's first—and only—outlet mall. Outlets in the mall currently offer year-round discounts of 30-70% on all merchandise.
Location.
Citygate Outlets is in Tung Chung, above Tung Chung MTR Station, which is the terminus of the Tung Chung Line. The mall is also next door to Tung Chung bus terminus, and is directly connected to the Novotel Citygate Hong Kong hotel. Hong Kong International Airport is 10 minutes away by bus.
Configuration.
Citygate Outlets has almost half a million square feet of retail space: 75 shops and 14 restaurants, a 6-screen multiplex cinema, a 3-suite spa centre, and Asia’s largest outdoor kinetic fountain. The Citygate complex also includes of office space, as well as subterranean parking for over 1,100 cars. The 440-room Novotel Citygate Hong Kong hotel is also connected to the mall.
Design features.
Citygate Outlets has made extensive use of glass and natural light. The mall features two sky-lit atriums, located at the northern and southern ends of the complex. These two atriums are connected to one another by walkways. The mall comprises five storeys, two of which are basement levels. There is a large restaurant-in-restaurant called foodrepublic on the mall’s topmost level. 
Unusually for Hong Kong, Citygate Outlets includes a large open-air piazza called The Square. Asia’s largest outdoor kinetic fountain is located here, and the space is often used for artistic performances, open-air exhibitions and special events.
Positioning.
Citygate Outlets has 63 outlets, including over 70 well-known international brand names. Anchor tenants include Club 21, ESPRIT and I.T It’s a place where visitors can search for off-season goods at large discounts they won’t find elsewhere in Hong Kong. 
Store interiors are spacious and bright, and fitting rooms are widely available. As with popular outlet mall in western countries, Citygate Outlets places heavy emphasis on being a family destination where visitors can enjoy dining and other leisure activities in a setting that’s close to nature.
In 2007, Citygate Outlets won a Silver in the International Council of Shopping Centre MAXI Awards (Category Integration section). It was the first time that a mall in Asia won an ICSC MAXI Award.
Offices.
Hong Kong Airlines has its head office on the seventh floor in One Citygate. Metrojet Limited has its head office in suites 1301 through 1306 in One Citygate.
Food.
There is a branch of Food Republic at L2 of Citygate, serving a variety of food, including Indian vegetarian food on Indian food counter.
Site challenges.
Construction commenced in 1995, and was completed in 1999. The entire complex is built on reclaimed land. 
The combined retail-office complex is a key feature of Tung Chung New Town, which was designed and built as a complement to the construction of Chek Lap Kok International Airport, also on reclaimed land. Remnants of the original village of Tung Chung can still be seen some ten minutes’ walk from the mall.

</doc>
<doc id="19516749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516749" title="List of German Governments">
List of German Governments

List of German Governments is a list of all Governments of the Federal Republic of Germany ministerial teams which have existed since the introduction of the Basic Law in 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="19516750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516750" title="Talent management system">
Talent management system

A talent management system (TMS) is an integrated software suite that addresses the “four pillars” of talent management: recruitment; performance management; learning and development; and compensation management.
Purpose.
Whereas traditional HRMS and enterprise resource planning (ERP) systems focus primarily on transaction processing and the administration of basic human resources processes such as personnel administration, payroll, time management, etc., talent management systems focus on providing strategic assistance to organizations in the accomplishment of long-term enterprise goals with respect to talent, or human capital. Talent management systems may also be referred to as or paired with an applicant tracking system (ATS) in either standalone application or as a suite of products. According to Bersin, talent management may be defined as the implementation of integrated strategies or systems designed to improve processes for recruiting, developing, and retaining people with the required skills and aptitude to meet current and future organizational needs.
Functional modules and their market worth.
TMS solutions typically offer one or many disparate or integrated modules which provide business functionality in areas of human capital management / human resources typically referred to as "strategic".
The role of talent acquisition and performance management has increased many folds compared to learning management systems in the talent management market. Many companies which were earlier working on only one of these domains have moved to developing integrated talent management systems.
Delivery methods.
Many organizations struggle with HR data silos, disconnected technologies, and manual processes, the future of talent management is embodied in solutions designed from the ground up to provide business-centric functionality on a unified talent management platform. Talent management systems recently have been at the forefront of growth in the software as a service (SaaS) delivery market following earlier iterations in the standard HR systems space via application service provider (ASP) delivery models. Traditional delivery via on-premise license sales still exist, but are much less prevalent in the competitive space
Enterprise systems integration.
Vendors of TMS software typically claim varying degrees of integration with other enterprise software vendors, and in particular with leading vendors of HRMS systems. The accuracy of these claims is often a question of interpretation, as the degree to which each vendor integrates with 3rd party systems varies considerably depending on circumstances and both the vendor and the third party solution. In some cases, third party vendors offer certification for such scenarios, in order to offer some basis of comparison.
Competitive market.
The so-called war for talent has driven a marked increase of attention and investment in the talent management space as new vendors continue to enter to support an ever-growing demand for strategic human resources applications. Many of these competitors have entered via the software as a service (SaaS) delivery model, affording small and medium businesses (SMB) new less-costly options. The 2011 Gartner Magic Quadrants for Enterprise Performance Management and Corporate Learning Systems compare the major players of this market each year, and ranked Cornerstone OnDemand, Saba Software, SuccessFactors and Combidata as the space leaders.

</doc>
<doc id="19516766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516766" title="Ochna serrulata">
Ochna serrulata

Ochna serrulata (commonly known as the mall-leaved plane, carnival ochna, Bird's Eye Bush or Mickey Mouse bush due to the plant's bright-red sepals, which resemble the face of Mickey Mouse) is an ornamental garden plant of the Ochnaceae family which is indigenous to South Africa. It is planted in southern African gardens and is an invasive species in Australia and New Zealand.
Taxonomy.
"Ochna serrulata" was first described by the German naturalist Christian Ferdinand Friedrich Hochstetter, and given its current binomial name by Wilhelm Gerhard Walpers. Its specific epithet is derived from the Latin "serrula" "little saw", and refers to its fine-toothed leaf margins.
Description.
"Ochna serrulata" is a small shrub growing between 1 and 2 m (3–7 ft) high, although it may occasionally become a small tree up to 6 m (20 ft) high. The narrow leaves are oblong to elliptic and measure 3–6 cm (1.2-2.4 in) in length by 0.8-1.5 cm wide, and are shiny green with fine toothed serrations along the leaf edges. During the spring, the shrub's fragrant yellow blossoms that appear are usually around 2 cm (0.8 in) in diameter. Though, the petals tend to drop soon after they bloom. Five or six fruits grow from the plant, which are attached to the sepals. While the fruit is developing, the sepals enlarge and turn bright red, in most cases turning the whole plant red. The 0.5 cm diameter fruit are initially pale green and turn black. In places including Kirstenbosch, the fruits on the plant start ripening in the early summer, while the red sepals last until around late summer. The flowers usually attract bees and butterflies, while the birds tend to eat the fruits from the plant. The seeds can be released by birds and water.
Distribution and habitat.
The plant is native to the forest areas of South Africa. It occurs throughout the country, from Cape Town in the south, along the east coast as far as Kwazulu-Natal, and inland through Swaziland and Gauteng. This tough, adaptable shrub grows in sunny, open positions as well as in the shade of deep forest.
It has been widely cultivated outside of South Africa as an ornamental garden plant, and has become a weed in New South Wales and southern Queensland in eastern Australia, where it is found near human habitation in and around large towns and cities.
Cultivation.
This plant makes a very attractive indigenous shrub for South African gardens. It is hardy and resilient and can be planted both in the sun as well as in shady areas. It is initially slow-growing, but speeds up once it is established, especially if it is watered frequently. This is a very good plant for attracting birds to the garden. It does not tolerate frost well, but adapts well to light pruning and is attractive throughout the year, even when not in fruit.
"Ochna serrulata" is also one of several cultivated plants in Hawaii for their colorful flowers and unusual fruits. Originally, "Ochna serrulata" was used as symbol in various places around the world, and it is used at some festivals/holidays.
Invasive species.
"O. serrulata" is a weed in parts of eastern Australia with a potential to spread from its current range. In New Zealand it is listed on the National Pest Plant Accord prohibiting its sale, commercial propagation and distribution.

</doc>
<doc id="19516772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516772" title="Native Seeds/SEARCH">
Native Seeds/SEARCH

Native Seeds/SEARCH, founded in 1983, is a nonprofit conservation organization located in Tucson, Arizona in the United States.
In the words of its mission statement, it seeks "to conserve, distribute and document the adapted and diverse varieties of agricultural seed, their wild relatives and the role these seeds play in cultures of the American Southwest and northwest Mexico." It maintains a seed bank and a Conservation Farm in Patagonia, Arizona, and distributes seeds, native food products, and indigenous arts via mail order and a retail store in Tucson.
SEARCH is an acronym that stands for Southwestern Endangered Aridland Resource Clearing House.
History.
Native Seeds/SEARCH was founded in 1983 by Gary Nabhan, Karen Reichhardt, Barney Burns, and Mahina Drees. The organization grew out of a Meals for Millions gardening project in cooperation with the Tohono O'odham Nation. Native Seeds/SEARCH was founded as a means of curating, collecting, and distributing seeds of traditionally grown crops of the Southwest. In addition to a seed bank, Native Seeds/SEARCH opened a conservation farm in 1997. Seeds are distributed by mail order and a retail store in Tucson. Since 2001, Native Seeds/SEARCH has operated Southwest Regis-Tree to conserve Native Southwestern perennial species.
Crops being conserved.
As of 2012 these are the crops they are conserving and have sufficient seed of to offer to others to plant.

</doc>
<doc id="19516837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516837" title="Southport Island">
Southport Island

Southport Island, with the adjacent Southport Reef, is a 7 ha island in south-eastern Australia. It is part of the Actaeon Island Group, lying close to the south-eastern coast of Tasmania, at the southern entrance to the D'Entrecasteaux Channel between Bruny Island and the mainland.
Flora and fauna.
The principal vegetation community is coastal heath, dominated by "Acacia", "Banksia", "Leptospermum", "Melaleuca" and "Westringia" spp. Blackberry is a problem weed. The island is being used as a translocation site for the endangered heath "Epacris stuartii", which is threatened in its nearby natural habitat by Cinnamon Fungus.
Recorded breeding seabird species are the Little Penguin, Short-tailed Shearwater, Silver Gull and Crested Tern. The Metallic Skink is present.

</doc>
<doc id="19516850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516850" title="Time for a Witness">
Time for a Witness

Time for a Witness is the Feelies' fourth studio album. It was released on March 5, 1991 on A&M.
Track listing.
All songs by Bill Million and Glenn Mercer except as indicated.

</doc>
<doc id="19516857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516857" title="Hugh Reilly">
Hugh Reilly

Hugh Reilly (October 30, 1915—July 17, 1998) was an American actor who performed on the Broadway stage, in films, and on television. He is best remembered for co-starring from 1958 to 1964 as the father, Paul Martin, in the CBS television series, "Lassie".
Early years and career.
Born on October 30, 1915, in Newark, New Jersey, Reilly saw service in the United States Army Air Corps during World War II and pursued a theater career following the war. He made several Broadway appearances (including one with Tallulah Bankhead in "Dear Charles") before heading to Hollywood in the late 1940s.
Reilly worked many early television anthology series. His first screen appearance was in the 1949 episode "The Flying Gerardos" of "Kraft Television Theatre". He subsequently was cast in "Robert Montgomery Presents" (1950-1955), "The Ford Television Theatre" (1951), "Broadway Television Theatre" (1953), "Armstrong Circle Theatre" (1953-1957), "Appointment with Adventure" (twice in1955), "The Alcoa Hour" (1956), "Crossroads" (as host of the 1956 episode "Through the Window"), "The United States Steel Hour" (1958).
His film appearances include "Johnny Stool Pigeon" (1949), and "Bright Victory" (1951).
"Lassie".
In 1957, Reilly guest starred as George Cameron in the episode "Dangerous Channel" of Barry Sullivan's short-lived CBS adventure/drama TV series, "Harbourmaster."
In 1958, Reilly joined "Lassie" in the role of Paul Martin, a farmer, husband, and adoptive father of the show's child character Timmy. Reilly debuted in the opening episode of the fifth season, "The Storm" (1958) with June Lockhart opposite him as his wife, Ruth Martin, and Jon Provost as their son, Timmy.
In 1959, veteran character actor and comedian Andy Clyde was hired to play Cully Wilson, an elderly eccentric farmer and nature lover. When Timmy was scripted into many adventures with Cully, producers felt two adult males on the show would overwhelm the audience and Reilly was consigned to fewer appearances. His character's absence was attributed to workloads in distant fields, Grange meetings, or business trips away from home.
As the eleventh season approached (1964), it was evident that young teenager Provost was outgrowing his role. Producers decided to rework the show and sent the entire Martin family to Australia where Paul would teach agriculture. Reilly made his last appearance on "Lassie" in the first episode of the tenth season, "The Wayfarers" (1964). He appeared in a total of 140 episodes.
Final years.
Following his stint with "Lassie", Reilly was offered the role of The Professor on "Gilligan's Island" but declined, preferring to spend time with his family and performing in theater. The role instead became enormously important to the career of the actor Russell Johnson. He worked television off and on through the 1970s. He was cast on CBS's "The Edge of Night" soap opera from 1971 to 1973. He appeared in one episode each on ABC's "The F.B.I." in 1967 and on NBC's "Father Murphy" in 1982.
In his last years, he often joined "Lassie" co-star Jon Provost at fan conventions and autograph signings.
Personal and death.
Reilly fathered three sons, Josh, Ethan, and David. He died July 17, 1998 of emphysema at Burbank in the San Fernando Valley of California.

</doc>
<doc id="19516865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516865" title="All-in rate">
All-in rate

The term All-in rate is used in both Construction and the Financial sector. It essentially just means "full costs charged for a service".
Financial Definition.
In general finance terminology, an all-in rate is the rate that a financial institution uses in charging customers for accepting bankers' acceptances, consisting of the bankers' acceptance rate (here considered as actually an amount of money, not an amount of money per unit of time, although it may happen to coincide with a rate per unit of time if the time to maturity happens to equal the unit of time used to calculate the rate) plus the commission.
Construction Estimate Definition.
In construction terminology, an all-in rate is the total cost of an item including all direct and indirect costs for that item. These costs would include the gross hourly cost of employing the site operative, based upon the standard working week for the country, including items such as insurances, statutory contributions and taxes. The all-in labour rate for the Middle East includes the cost of importing labour and for food and accommodation.
Example: All-In Labor Rate = (Total Direct Cost of Labor + Total Indirect Cost of Labor) / Total work hours

</doc>
<doc id="19516870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516870" title="Orlin Peralta">
Orlin Peralta

Orlin Orlando Peralta Gonzáles (born 12 February 1990 in Guanaja) is a Honduran footballer who plays as a left back for C.D. Motagua.
Club career.
Peralta played for Vida from 2008 to 2013. On 26 June 2013, he signed for C.D. Motagua.
International career.
Peralta played for Honduras at the 2007 FIFA U-17 World Cup in Republic of Korea and represented the country at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
He made his senior debut for Honduras in a February 2012 FIFA World Cup qualification match against Cuba and has, as of April 2013, earned a total of 4 caps, scoring no goals. He has represented his country in 1 FIFA World Cup qualification match and played at the 2013 Copa Centroamericana.

</doc>
<doc id="19516886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516886" title="The Glitch in Sleep">
The Glitch in Sleep

The Glitch in Sleep is the first novel in The Seems children series, released as a hardcover on September 18, 2007 by Bloomsbury Publishing. It was written by John Hulme and Michael Wexler. The book follows Becker Drane, a Fixer for The Seems on his first Mission to find and capture a Glitch. The Seems is a parallel universe in charge of providing our World with what it needs to keep on going.
The book has also been released as a paperback and as an audiobook. The audiobook was read by Oliver Wyman whose performance was praised by "Booklist". Two new covers have been released for the book both in paperback format. The book was well received by critics who commonly praised the creativity and humor. "The Glitch in Sleep" has also received many awards such as included in Amazon's Best Books of the Year (2007). There is a movie in production being directed by Shawn Levy who also directed Night at the Museum and . However, no release date has been announced yet.
Synopsis.
Setting.
"The Glitch in Sleep" takes place in two worlds, The Seems and The World. The Seems is another world which is in charge of providing our World (The World) with everything it might need, from Sleep to Sunset. In the Seems, there are Departments that control various needs of our World such as Time and Nature. Whenever something goes wrong in The Seems, an elite team of professionals are sent in to Fix the problem. The team is made up of one Fixer and one Briefer. A Briefer is equal to the assistant of the Fixer. If the problems of The Seems are not fixed, The World would be affected depending on how the severe the problem is in the Seems.
Plot.
In the beginning, the Village of Covas, Minho, Portugal is experiencing a severe drought. In reality however, a Rain Tower where water is stored in The Seems, another world that controls our World, had been blocked for an unknown reason. Anytime a problem occurs in The Seems, a special team is called in consisting of one Briefer and one Fixer. They are both highly trained professionals at Fixing any problems. To get the Rain back, Fixer Cassiopeia (Casey) Lake and Briefer Becker Drane are called in. For his exceptional Fix, Briefer Drane is promoted to Fixer #37.
Five weeks later, Becker, receives his first mission as Fixer at night and his Mission is to catch a Glitch destroying the Department of Sleep. Glitches are one of the most destructive problems within the Seems and were thought to have been wiped out during a Missions called the "Clean Sweep". Glitches have three hands which can easily pull wires and destroy items. They are known for being destructive and unpredictable. Quickly, Becker arrives at the Department of Sleep and meets up with his Briefer Simly Frye and they are given aware of the situation. The Glitch is causing no one in The World to get a wink of sleep due to the destruction of many of the ingredients to make a Good Night's Sleep. Soon, many Chain of Events start slipping; The Chain of Events are a complicated series of events trying to give a person the best life they can. However, with a Glitch not allowing anyone to get any sleep, a Ripple Effect could occur which would cause mass destruction to The World.
Becker, Simly and fellow Fixer Casey Lake finally find and trap the Glitch in the Master Bedroom. Using his own invention, the Helping Hand, Becker is finally able to catch the Glitch. During the battle Simly finds his 7th sense, a set of chills that were sent down from his arms to his toes that told him where the Glitch was hiding even though it is thought that Seemsian's can not develop a 7th sense. After fixing up whatever destruction the Glitch caused in the Master Bedroom, everyone hopes that the Good Night Sleeps have been sent on time. However, the team might have been too late, with a warning that the Chain of Events are dissembling and the Ripple Effect about to commence in thirty seconds. With 3 seconds left, the Ripple Effect was successful reverted with enough Good Night Sleeps getting out.
In the epilogue a few Fixers have gathered together and are celebrating the successful Fix of the Glitch when Casey arrives with bad news. Someone has just stolen 50 trays of Frozen Moments, ice cubes made up of one period of one person's life. Although this alone is not to panic, if the Frozen moments are combined with Fertilizer from the Department of Nature and a Second, a Time Bomb could be made.
Publication history.
"The Glitch in Sleep" was first published in the US and UK as a hardcover on September 18, 2007. About two months later the audiobook version was released on November 1, 2007. The paperback was released along with a new cover on August 19, 2008. On July 7, 2008 a new cover was again released as a paperback.
Themes.
The main theme running throughout the story as review from VOYA noted is "suffering and its purpose in the world." The review notes how although many of the older kids will not buy the Bed Bugs, they serve a meaningful purpose. The Bed Bugs can show how suffering is still necessary just like how the Nightmare like qualities of the dream needed a scary moment before jumping into the happy parts.
Critical reception.
"The Glitch in Sleep" has been well reviewed by many critics. "Publishers Weekly" said the book has a "high sense of adventure and an abundance of goofball humor". It also praised how "the authors use the conceit to the fullest, creating a complex and intricate world with a sometimes daunting array of gadgets, bureaucracy, vocabulary and capitalization (a glossary is included—and welcome)" yet at the same time "these details don't become overwhelming, fortunately, thanks to the book's consistently lighthearted tone"."Booklist" praised the audiobook version read by Oliver Wyman, saying his performance "brings humor, excitement, and an occasional satirical twist to scenes involving the fascinating alternative universe". "Booklist" also praised the book calling the "Glitch in Sleep" an imaginative series. "The New York Times" commented how the book can be read just for fun or could also be "mulled over for its implied questions about big philosophical issues". A reviewer from "School Library Journal" wrote "This is a rollicking tale" and praised the characters while comparing it to Garth Nix's"The Keys to the Kingdom" series and also writing "this story is upbeat and full of humor, seeming to draw a novel from David Wiesner's Sector 7"
Awards and recognitions.
"The Glitch in Sleep" was nominated for the Dorothy Canfield Fisher Award, a Vermont children’s choice award. It was also chosen as one on Amazon's Best Books of 2007 along with nine other books and was also named as an Autumn Book Sense Children's pick in 2007. "The Glitch in Sleep" was also in Publishers Weekly "BEA 2007: Fall Titles to Watch" list.
Movie.
Film rights to the first book have been acquired by Twentieth Century Fox, but no release has been yet planned. The movie will be directed by Shawn Levy who also directed Night at the Museum and . Levy first decided to make a movie when he read the book and loved it. He later met up with John Hulme and Michael Wexler during one of their tours to show them what the movie would look like. Levy stated he wanted to produce the movie since "This is such a visually original and fresh world, where memory, weather, sleep and things like that are created.I've been working with Fox to find the next major all-audience franchise, and we feel that if we nail the screenplay, this has the potential to fit that bill, with the same humor, family friendliness, and lack of condescension." This story was also on the cover of the magazine Variety.

</doc>
<doc id="19516890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516890" title="Erick Andino">
Erick Andino

Erick Salvador Andino Portillo (born 21 July 1989) is a Honduran football player, who currently plays for Olimpia in the Honduran Premier League.
Club career.
Andino joined Victoria from Olimpia in January 2012, but returned for the 2012 Apertura and was ruled out for the season with a knee injury.
International career.
Andino played for Honduras at the 2009 FIFA U-20 World Cup in Egypt.

</doc>
<doc id="19516916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516916" title="Constitution of Missouri">
Constitution of Missouri

The Missouri Constitution is the state constitution of the U.S. State of Missouri. It is the supreme law formulating the law and government of Missouri, subject only to the federal Constitution, and the people. The fourth and current Missouri Constitution was adopted in 1945. It provides for three branches of government: legislative (the Missouri General Assembly), executive (the Governor of Missouri), and judicial (the Supreme Court of Missouri). It also sets up local governments in the form of counties and cities.
History.
The first constitution was written in 1820 in only 38 days. The Missouri Constitutional Convention (1861-63) was elected to decide on secession, and made no changes to the constitution.
In 1865, after the American Civil War, and again in 1875, after reconstruction, new constitutional conventions composed Missouri's second and third constitutions. In the early 1900s, the Constitution of 1875 was amended to allow constitutional amendment by the initiative process.
In the early 20th century, Missouri was dominated by corrupt political "bosses", such as Tom Pendergast of Kansas City. In reaction to this, reformers used the initiative to call for a constitutional convention, and the initiative was passed by the voters in 1942. The voters ratified the new constitution in 1945. Voters rejected calls for a constitutional convention in 1962 and 1982, and the Constitution of 1945 remains Missouri's current constitution. Since 1945, there have been more than 60 amendments to the Constitution. In recent years, some of these have been both controversial and high-profile, such as legalizing commercial gambling in 1993, Missouri Constitutional Amendment 2 (2006) (allowing the production of human embryos for stem cell research), Missouri Constitutional Amendment 2 (2004) (an amendment prohibiting same-sex marriage), and an English-only amendment in 2008.
Text.
Articles of the Constitution.
The remainder of the constitution consists of thirteen articles.
Article I: Bill of Rights.
Article I enumerates the rights of all citizens of the State of Missouri. These include that all political power is vested in and derived from the people, to alter and abolish their constitution and form of government whenever they may deem it necessary to their safety and happiness, the inherent rights “all persons have a natural right to life, liberty, the pursuit of happiness and the enjoyment of the gains of their own industry,” the definition of treason, the right to trial by jury, that marriage in the State of Missouri is defined as being between a man and a woman.

</doc>
<doc id="19516933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516933" title="Ellie Harrison (journalist)">
Ellie Harrison (journalist)

Eleanor "Ellie" Harrison (born 17 November 1977) is an English ecologist, journalist and television presenter.
Early life.
Born to a father who was a carpenter, Harrison grew up in rural Gloucestershire close to Cirencester, where the family grew their own fruit and vegetables and kept chickens. She was educated at Sir William Romney's School, Tetbury.
Whilst studying geography at King's College London, she was in a relationship with Nathan Hutchings, son of actor Geoffrey Hutchings. Through his father, Hutchings had contacts in Zimbabwe from the shooting of the Clint Eastwood film White Hunter Black Heart, which allowed the couple to visit the country, where Harrison gained her interest in wildlife. She graduated with BA in Ecology and Geography from King's College, London in 2000.
Career.
Whilst exploring a career as a country singer, Harrison undertook a series of temporary jobs to support her life, ending up as a secretary at Channel 5. Picked from a line-up to host the children's show "Milkshake!", she turned it down, but a year later was chosen to fill-in for Michaela Strachan's maternity leave, presenting "Michaela's wild challenge" for over a year, during which time the show won a children's BAFTA. After this, she became a freelance television presenter, presenting across the BBC, ITV, Channel 4, Channel 5 and the Discovery Channel.
Harrison currently provides filmed reports or is a presenter on various TV shows, including: "Countryfile", "Country tracks", "The Great British Winter" and "The One Show" for the BBC; and "Daily planet" for the Discovery Channel.
Personal life.
Harrison has been engaged to physician Matt Goodman since she was 27, with whom she has two daughters (b. 2009 and 2011). The family live in Gloucestershire.

</doc>
<doc id="19516935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516935" title="Saint Theresa's College of Quezon City">
Saint Theresa's College of Quezon City

St. Theresa's College, (also called STC), Philippines, is a Catholic private school for girls run by the Missionary Sisters of the "Immaculati Cordis Mariae" or Immaculate Heart of Mary (ICM).
STC offers programs from the kindergarten through the elementary and secondary levels. As an ICM school, its educational program draws inspiration from Mother Marie Louise De Meester, Foundress of ICM.
Its students are called “Theresians”, from the name of its patroness St. Teresa of Avila.
Heading the school for the ICM sisters is Sr. Josefina Nebres, the school directress.
History.
Mother Marie Louise De Meester (born on April 8, 1857 in Roesalare, West Flanders, Belgium) and her novices arrived on the shores of Tagudin, Ilocos Sur on June 21, 1910. Tagudin became the foundation of the ICM missionary work throughout the Philippines which gave birth to institutions of learning in the country including the different campuses of St. Theresa's College.
Mother Marie Louise De Meester founded St. Theresa's College Manila (STCM) in 1915 at the invitation of the Most Reverend Jeremiah James Harty, the first American Archbishop of Manila. When World War II wrought havoc on the St. Theresa's College in San Marcelino Street, Manila, leaving it in ruins, little hope was left for the rebuilding of its physical structure.
Institution.
St. Theresa's College provides both academic, non-academic, and extra-curricular activities for their students' learning.
Grade School Department.
The STCQC Grade School is an elementary school for girls. It has facilities and classrooms for students from the kindergarten level to the sixth grade.
Student Council.
The Grade School Student Organization (GSSO) is the official student council of the Grade School department. The Student Council consists of the Grade School President, Vice president, Secretary of Grades 4 and 6, and Treasurer.
Practicum.
The practicum emphasizes experience-based learning. Theories are learned and applied to practical situations or vice-versa, through observation, practice, workshops, team research, media demonstrations and educational trips.
Co-curricular activities.
Students interested in Sciences, Arts and Writing are invited to join an organization for enthusiasts, called SINAG. In this organization, the students' talents and skills in a particular field are cultivated and developed. SINAG or Socialized Instructional Activities for the Advanced Group in Science, Mathematics, Art, and Creative-Writing helps students enhance their potentials in various subjects.
High School Department.
The High School Department is a Catholic college-preparatory school for female students.
The campus features a library, the Instructional Media Center, Biology laboratory, Chemistry laboratory, Physics laboratory, computer laboratories, High School Chapel, cooking rooms, canteen and cafeteria, clinic and the covered court.
Practicum.
The High School's practicum is called KASAMAHAN (which was previously known as PALIHAN). In 2010, STC incorporated the SEG Groups to the PALIHAN Practicum. KASAMAHAN is a social awareness program where students are able to interact with people from different sectors such as fisher folks and farmers. They also visit small communities, going house to house or teaching at a day care center.
School traditions.
Seal.
On a field of gold and blue are imposed the cross and three stars. The blue stands for faithful courage, and the gold proclaims jubilant victory - always - through love. The Latin cross within the seal stands for the victory with Christ over evil. The gold of the cross stands for the love for Christ who died on it and rose from the dead. The three stars stand for the three theological virtues: faith, hope, and charity.
The inscription around the seal reads "Virtute, Scientia, Artibus Floreat" - which is Latin for "education in and through virtue, science, and the arts."
The seal is a badge showing the mountain peak of Carmel, linked with the school's patron saint, St. Teresa of Avila, the first woman doctor of the Church.
Motto.
The school's rallying cry is "Let your light shine and be a blessing."
Colors.
Blue and Gold, which stands for courage and love respectively.
College Hymn.
The lyrics of the College Hymn was written by Aurea Carballo-Gonzalez (STCM HS '31, COL '34) while music was composed by Angeles Rodriguez (STCM HS '26, COL '33).
Family Council.
The Family Council is the official organization of the parents of the students of St. Theresa’s College. They are the ones that organize the annual STC Family Day. The Family council celebrated their Golden Jubilee in 2011
Sambayan Educational Foundation, Inc..
The Sambayan Educational Foundation, Inc. or SEFI was organized in 1972 by the Missionary Sisters of the Immaculate Heart of Mary (ICM) and a group of STCQC parents and alumnae which called forth the school to make available the educational program to deserving families from the lower-middle-income group by way of socialized tuition fee. Its main objective is to make available quality education for less privileged but deserving students.
The SEFI program is not a scholarship program. It is a reduced tuition fee scheme for eleven years of schooling from Grade 1 until High School for qualified lower-middle-income groups. It is perhaps the only such program in existence in the Philippines today. Applicants have to pass a rigorous set of criteria as well as entrance exams to qualify. Once a student has been accepted into the program, a social worker regularly monitors her progress and checks on the family environment.
The initial seed money was provided by the ICM congregation. STCQC parents, alumnae and friends have made substantial contributions to the fund through the years.

</doc>
<doc id="19516941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19516941" title="Robyn Denny">
Robyn Denny

Robyn Denny, born in Abinger, Surrey in 1930, is one of a group who transformed British art in the late 1950s, leading it into the international mainstream. He studied at the Royal College of Art in the mid-1950s, among a generation that included Richard Smith and Alan Green. Inspired by Abstract Expressionism, American films, popular culture and urban modernity, they recognised abstract painting as their only conceivable route. Denny’s idiosyncratic contemporary voice emerged with the first of the public art projects that have punctuated his career: a mural for the Austin Reed store in Regent Street, London which read ‘Great big biggest wide London’; it epitomised the optimism and confidence of the city at the dawn of the 1960s. As an intensely urban man, the scale and format of Denny’s work relate to built environments, to the human presence among structures rather than to nature.
Robyn Denny is married to Marjorie Abela and divides his time between his homes in London and France. Denny has three children, Dominic, Lucy and Ned Denny. He was previously married to the British watercolour artist Anna Teasdale whom he met at St Martin's School of Art.
Robyn Denny is represented by Laurent Delaye Gallery, London: Laurent Delaye
1950s.
From 1950 to 1954 he studied in Paris and at St Martin’s School of Art, London, followed by two years National Service in the Royal Navy. After graduating from the Royal College in 1957 he was awarded a scholarship to study in Italy, then taught part-time at Hammersmith School of Art, the Slade School of Art and the Bath Academy of Art, Corsham. An active and distinguished career included participation in ground-breaking exhibitions throughout Europe and the United States. Denny also had a retrospective at the Tate Gallery (1973); ‘Place’ (Institute of Contemporary Arts, London, 1959); ‘Situation’ (RBA Galleries, London, 1960); ‘London: the New Scene’ (Walker Art Gallery, Liverpool, Minneapolis and North American tour, 1965); Venice Biennale, 1966 and ‘The Sixties Art Scene in London’ (Barbican Art Gallery, London, 1993). In 1981 Denny moved to Los Angeles, but then returned to London in the 1990s. In California he found a congenial urban environment and a natural light, including the notorious smog, that captivated him and enabled him to develop a new aesthetic.
Among the paintings that Denny created at the Royal College are rudimentary images of heads, indebted to French Tachisme, with dripped and dribbled paint and an occasional discreet patch of fashionable burnt bitumen. These were interspersed with abstract collages and large gestural paintings which display the broad gestures and bold marks of American Abstract Expressionism, exhibited in London in 1956 and 1959. Other works, like Denny’s early murals, contain vestiges of letters and numerals, in an echo of contemporary French lettriste painting. In 1959 the deceptively simple canvases that he showed in the ‘Place’ exhibition had, like other works made at this time, a horizontal band at their base. Set directly on the floor, unframed, they invited the viewer to cross a rudimentary threshold, acknowledging the corporeal presence of a viewing body without offering any concessions to illusion.
1960s.
In this way ‘Place’ initiated a reformulation of the understanding of pictorial space for the 1960s. Denny continued his exploration of space though the decade, starting with ‘Situation’ in 1960, an exhibition organised as a celebration of the large canvas, for which artists were required to produce entirely abstract work of not less than . ‘Situation’ (the title referred to ‘the situation in London now’) represented a new professionalism for British artists as well as a synthesis between European and American models. For Denny it opened the period in which he produced ‘some of the most accomplished abstract paintings made in Britain in the twentieth century’ (David Mellor, 2002). During the 1960s he developed a range of work which explores both space and modes of perception. From lines and bands of colour that read as stripes on plain grounds, proposing a space containing a vertical form analogous to the viewer, Denny developed the ‘Out-Line’ group where symmetrical forms are surrounded by a transparent linear structure. With the ‘Lineaments’ this structure became the central, hieratic, almost portal-like focus of the work. In the mid-1960s he introduced oblique lines then, in the ‘Overpaintings’, fragmented structures defiantly at odds with their enclosing squares and rectangles.
In 1969 Denny organised an exhibition for the Arts Council on the American artist Charles Biederman, who for over 20 years worked exclusively on vividly coloured abstract reliefs. This experience coincided with a new intensity of colour in Denny’s work, shifting from rich, dark harmonies to high, bright contrasts, from a sense of twilight to daylight. Formats also changed, notably in the three-dimensional perspex ‘Colour Boxes’ and the ‘Horizontal Paintings’ of the early 1970s which run in a concentrated block across the base of the canvas.
Despite the overall balance and resolution of the 1960s paintings they are inherently contradictory, challenging the viewer’s perceptual expectations. There is neither ‘figure’ nor ‘ground’ but a constant process of visual adjustment; space is thus an ambiguous mental construct rather than a familiar physical quality; colour produces flicker effects and becomes unstable and scale, in works where nothing is certain, is perhaps the greatest conundrum as there is nothing to compare it with. But these perceptual and intellectual dilemmas are what define Denny’s 1960s paintings, marking them as works of rare quality that can stand alongside the best American painting of the period.
1970s.
In California, Denny’s painting again changed radically. In the late 1970s, the acrylic ‘Moonshine’ drawings had incorporated scratch marks, leading eventually to a series of large monochrome paintings where a concentrated cluster of scratching rests, with shockingly disruptive impact, on a thin horizontal: a datum line, never a ‘horizon’. Though they disturb expectation, these are among Denny’s most beautiful works. Their acrylic surfaces are delicate and subtly modulated, constructed from up to 30 layers of pigment applied until it is intensely rich, absorbing the eye and the attention. Few painters can fill a near-monochrome canvas with so much import. The central image may be a small tight parcel of coloured paper, like a spell or a ‘secret’, or an urgent concentration of colour posed on the canvas as an attention-demanding event. Most recently these centres - of meaning, activity and reciprocity between painting and viewer – have become three-dimensional. If their meanings are largely irretrievable they are nonetheless dramatic and disquieting, thrusting their presence forward.
Since the early 1960s colour and form have been inseparable in Denny’s work; they have remained controlled, resolved and resolutely abstract. Yet they are redolent of human experience and of light and space; their titles contain innumerable – if incidental - references to popular culture. Denny’s comment on Charles Biederman is true also of himself: he is one of the ‘most remarkable, and sustainedly radical artists of our time’.

</doc>
<doc id="19517029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19517029" title="Conditions of Faith">
Conditions of Faith

Conditions of Faith is a 2000 novel by the Australian author Alex Miller.

</doc>
<doc id="19517086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19517086" title="Diamond Crevasse / Iteza Gogo Kuji Don't be late">
Diamond Crevasse / Iteza Gogo Kuji Don't be late

"" is Nakabayashi May's fourth official single, released under stage name "Sheryl Nome starring May'n". "Diamond Crevasse" was used as the second ending theme and "Iteza☆Gogo Kuji Don't be late" was used as an insert song for popular mecha anime Macross Frontier.

</doc>
<doc id="19517087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19517087" title="Ruth Ryon">
Ruth Ryon

Ruth E. Ryon (born July 16, 1944) is a former celebrity real estate columnist for the Los Angeles Times who retired in April 2008 after more than 23 years of writing the paper's popular "Hot Property" celebrity real estate column. Ryon is widely credited with having created the celebrity real estate journalism genre.
Professional career.
Ryon's tenure at the Los Angeles Times dates back at least to the 1970s. Her first byline with the paper was on November 20, 1977.
Later on, while reading Parade magazine, Ryon got the idea to write a column with short, pithy items about celebrities buying and selling houses, and she received the go-ahead from her editors to do it. Ryon's first "Hot Property" column appeared on November 25, 1984, and was about Johnny Carson paying $9.5 million for a house in Malibu, California. Ryon went on to write more than 1,300 more "Hot Property" columns, with the column eventually being moved to Page One of the Los Angeles Times' Real Estate section in 1987 and with it also becoming syndicated. Ryon also spent five years on KNX (AM) radio discussing celebrity real estate.
The column was the first of what eventually became a small stable of regular celebrity real estate columns or features in newspapers and magazines across the country, including "Private Properties" in the Wall Street Journal, "Manhattan Transfers" in the New York Observer, "Upper Bracket" in the Chicago Tribune (from 1998 until 2004), "Gimme Shelter" in the New York Post and "On the Block" in People magazine. Online features that have been created in the image of "Hot Property" include Big Time Listings (http://www.bigtimelistings.com), the Real Estalker (http://realestalker.blogspot.com) and "Real LI" in Newsday (http://weblogs.newsday.com/realestate/blog/).
Retirement.
Ryon took a buyout from the Times in April 2008, filing her final "Hot Property" column for the Times' April 13, 2008 Real Estate section. Ryon told readers in a farewell column that she plans to "write that book, work as a consultant, do some freelancing and spend more time with my family, readers, sources and friends." Ryon and her husband live in Redondo Beach, California.
As of October 1, 2008 Ruth Ryon became a senior real estate news columnist for the REAL ESTATE CHANNEL Internet news network with a weekly column called "Celebrity Homes."
Legacy.
The "Hot Property" column continues today in the Los Angeles Times, even though the paper discontinued its Sunday Real Estate section in 2008. 
The Times' "Hot Property" column appears on Saturdays.

</doc>
<doc id="19517089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19517089" title="Verein Seglerhaus am Wannsee">
Verein Seglerhaus am Wannsee

The Verein Seglerhaus am Wannsee (VSaW) (meaning: "Sailing house by the Wann Lake Union") is the second oldest yacht club in Germany after Segelclub RHE. It is located on the shores of the Greater Wannsee lake, southwest of Berlin.
The club has mooring space for 250 yachts. It organizes yearly regatta series with both domestic and international participation. 
Together with the Yacht Club of Kiel, the Norddeutscher Regattaverein and the Hamburger Sailing Club, the Verein Seglerhaus am Wannsee organizes the Kiel Week. Taking place in the Bay of Kiel, this annual event is one of the largest and most prestigious sailing regattas in the world. 
Members of the Verein Seglerhaus am Wannsee have won Olympic, World and European competitions. The Olympic section of the club consists of six teams.
History.
The club was established in October 1867 on a small wooden shack by river Havel with fourteen members and eight boats. In 1877 it moved to its present location at the edge of the Wannsee lake. The first club house was built in 1881.
Soon this yacht club acquired prestige and even German Crown Prince William sailed his yacht on the lake. A larger, roomier club house in Tudor style was built in 1910. This building is now a protected monument.
The Verein Seglerhaus am Wannsee is one of the main members of the International Council of Yacht Clubs.

</doc>
<doc id="19517133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19517133" title="The Burning Raid">
The Burning Raid

The Burning Raid was a Union military raid conducted in the Loudoun Valley of Loudoun and Fauquier counties in Virginia in November and December 1864 during the American Civil War. It was aimed at destroying the forage on which Confederate partisans operating in the area, specifically Mosby's Rangers, subsisted as well as at breaking the will of the citizens of the area for supporting the partisans.
Planning of the raid.
During the Valley Campaigns of 1864, while General Philip Sheridan drove up the Shenandoah Valley he faced a significant threat to his rear and supply lines from Mosby's Rangers based east of the Blue Ridge in Loudoun and Fauquier. Subsequently he was forced to dedicate a significant resources to protecting his rear. Furthermore, Mosby and other partisans in Loudoun routinely raided Union garrisons in Fairfax County and along the Potomac River in Maryland.
In order to limit this threat, General Grant wrote to Sheridan on August 16th suggesting
If you can possibly spare a division of Cavalry, send them through Loudoun County and destroy and carry off all the crops, animals, negroes and all men under fifty years of age capable of bearing arms. In this way you will get many if Mosby's men. All male citizens under fifty can be fairly held as prisoners of war, and not as citizen prisoners. If not already soldiers, they will be made so the moment the rebel army gets hold of them.
At the time, Sheridan was still battling Jubal Early for control of the valley and could not spare a large force for the task. On the 20th he dispatched 650 troopers of the 8th Illinois Cavalry into Loudoun to "break up and exterminate any bands or parties of Mosby's , or other guerrillas which may be met", but the troopers were unable to find and capture the elusive partisans.
The failure of Sheridan to deal with Mosby did not go unnoticed by Grant, who wrote him again on November 9th insisting
There is no doubt about the necessity of clearing out that country so it will not support Mosby's gang . . . So long as the war lasts they must be prevented from raising another crop.
Though Sheridan had by then defeated Early's army in late October at the Battle of Cedar Creek, he feared such action might agitate anti-war advocates and negatively impact the reelection of Abraham Lincoln. In late November, with Lincoln's reelection assured, Sheridan decided he could finally safely conduct operations against Mosby. On the 26th he wrote Union Chief of Staff Henry Halleck, likening his plans for Loudoun to The Burning of the Valley he was then conducting
Now there is going to be an intense hatred of in that portion of the Valley which is nearly desert. I will soon commence on Loudoun County, and let them know there is a God in Israel.
The following day he ordered Major General Wesley Merritt and his 1st Cavalry Division to Loudoun
You are hereby directed to proceed, tomorrow morning at 7 o'clock, with two brigades of your division now in camp, to the east side of the Blue Ridge, via Ashby's Gap, and operate against the guerrillas in the district of country bounded on the south by the line of the Manassas Gap Railroad, as far east as White Plains; on the east by the Bull Run Range; on the west by the Shenandoah River; and on the north by the Potomac. . . To clear the country of these parties that are bringing destruction upon the innocent as well as guilty supporters by their cowardly acts you will consume and destroy all forage and subsistence, burn all barns and mills and their contents and drive off all livestock in the region, the boundaries of which are described above. This order must be literally executed, bearing in mind, however that no dwellings are to be burned and that no personal violence be offered the citizens . . .
The Raid.
On the morning of the 28th, Merritt's 1st Cavalry Division set out for Ashby's Gap in the Blue Ridge and by midday had crossed the mountain and arrived at Paris. The 1st Brigade under Colonel Peter Stagg was dispatched south to Piedmont Station (present day Delaplane) and Markham, while the 2nd Brigade under Brigadier General Thomas Devin covered the area between Paris and Upperville. Late that evening the two brigades reunited in Upperville, where they spent the night.
The following morning, the 1st Brigade again headed south, through Rectortown, Salem (present day Marshall), White Plains (present day The Plains) and then up to Middleburg. The 2nd Brigade operated between Upperville and Snickersville (present day Bluemont) along the foot of the Blue Ridge. Around midday, at the later location, the Reserve Brigade met up with the 1st, bringing the total number of Federals in the county to 3,000.
On the 30th, the 1st Brigade set out east on the Ashby's Gap Pike from Middleburg to Aldie. At the latter village they then turned northwest up the Snickersville Turnpike through Philomont, and Union (present day Unison). Meanwhile the 2nd Brigade set out east on the Winchester pike from Snickersville through Purcellville and Harmony (present day Hamilton). They then turned to the north into the heart of Unionist Loudoun via Waterford then up the Catoctin Creek to the Potomac, whereupon they turned west and headed to Lovettsville. The Reserve Brigade set out north from Snickersville through Woodgrove, Hillsborough and Between the Hills valley to the Potomac. They then turned east and met up with the 2nd Brigade at Lovettsville.
The next day the 2nd and Reserve Brigades set out south from Lovettsville through Wheatland back to Purcellville then onto Snickersville. The 1st Brigade meanwhile operated between Philomont and Middleburg, reuniting with the 2nd and Reserve a Snickersville that evening. The following morning, with the entire valley devastated, the Federals left the county via Snickers Gap.
During the raid, Mosby did not call out the Rangers as the Federal force was far superior to his and fully expecting an attack by him. Instead the Rangers attempted to help local farmers by driving off their livestock ahead of the Federal columns, often bringing them into areas already put to the torch.
The Damage.
According to the report of Merritt, which lacked detail, 5000-6000 heads of cattle, 3000-4000 heads of sheep, and 500-700 horses were driven off and 1000 hogs were slaughtered. In the report of the Reserve brigade 230 barns, 8 mills, 1 distillery, 10,000 tons of hay and 25,000 bushels of grain were reported burned.
In the words of Charles Humphreys, who was with the reserve brigade
Some idea of the general destruction may be formed when I relate that in one day two regiments of our brigade burned more than 150 barns 1000 stacks of hay and 6 flour mills, besides having driven off 50 horses and 300 head of cattle. This was the most unpleasant task we were ever compelled to undertake. It was heart piercing to hear the shrieks of women and children, and to see even men crying and beating their breasts, supplicating for mercy on bended knees, begging that at least one cow - an only support - might be left. But no mercy was allowed. Orders must be obeyed. . .
So complete was the destruction that neither the county's poor house nor its Unionist citizens spared. The only notable exception was the mill of James Downey, the county's representative to the House of Representatives of the Restored Government of Virginia and speaker of that body. John Holland's Woolen Mill, which had supplied uniforms to the Union army, was not so fortunate.
Following the war, 208 loyal citizens of Loudoun filed claims with the government for losses from the raid. They claimed $199,228.24 in property damage and $61,821.13 in livestock losses.
The raid also resulted in the capture of 12 Rangers, though did little to stop Mosby or hurt the regard for which most citizens of the Loudoun Valley had for him.

</doc>
<doc id="19517138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19517138" title="Joe Henderson (baseball)">
Joe Henderson (baseball)

Joseph Lee Henderson (born June 7, 1946 in Lake Cormorant, Mississippi) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. He played parts of three seasons in the major leagues between and , including four games for the 1976 World Series champion Cincinnati Reds, although he did not pitch for them in the postseason. Joe is the uncle of former MLB outfielder Dave Henderson.

</doc>
<doc id="19517160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19517160" title="Florida Commissioner of Agriculture">
Florida Commissioner of Agriculture

The Commissioner of Agriculture and Consumer Services is the head of the Florida Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services (FDACS). The position is elected by voters statewide and is one of four members in the Florida Cabinet. The eleventh and current commissioner is Adam Putnam, who took office on January 4, 2011.
The commissioner serves a four-year term, and is limited to two consecutive terms. Although the department is largely referred to by agriculture portion of name, the vast majority of FDACS is dedicated to consumer regulation and the protection of goods to market.
History.
The Florida Constitution of 1868 created the "Commissioner of Immigration", whose job was to encourage farmers to settle in Florida. An 1871 amendment created a "Commissioner of Lands and Immigration" while eliminating the "Surveyor General". 
The Commissioner of Lands and Immigration became the "Commissioner of Agriculture" when the Florida Constitution was revised in 1885. The newly renamed post also included supervison of state prisons until the Division of Corrections was established in 1957.
The Agricultural Services Reorganization Act was passed in 1959 and took effect in 1961. It eliminated a number of independent bureaus and boards while transferring their duties and responsibilities to divisions under the Commissioner of Agriculture. The resulting divisions included Administration, Animal Industry, Chemistry, Dairy Industry, Fruit and Vegetable Inspection, Inspection and Standards, Marketing, and Plant Industry.
The Office of Consumer Services was established by the legislature in 1967 under the purview of the Commissioner of Agriculture. Two years later, it was renamed the Division of Consumer Services under the Executive Reorganization Act of 1969. The department officially became the Florida Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services, and the 1927 Board of Forestry moved to the FDACS as the Division of Forestry. The FDACS was reorganized again in 1992 along 13 functional divisions. 
Below is a list of past officeholders:

</doc>
<doc id="19517161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19517161" title="Mbulo Island">
Mbulo Island

Mbulo is an island in Western Province, Solomon Islands. Lying in the eastern part of the New Georgia Islands, Mbulo is heavily forested with a volcanic center.

</doc>
<doc id="19517162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19517162" title="The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in the Dominican Republic">
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in the Dominican Republic

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) has had a presence in the Dominican Republic since 1978. The church claims a membership of 106,243 in the country, representing just over 1% of the population.
Beginnings.
On 7 December 1978, the Dominican Republic was dedicated for the preaching of Mormonism by Apostle M. Russell Ballard. The first person baptized in the country was Rodolfo N. Bodden. Bodden had been introduced to the LDS Church by his friends Eddie and Mercedes Amparo, Dominican Mormons who had joined the LDS Church in New York City and had since returned to their home country, and John and Nancy Rappleye, an expatriate American couple from Utah. After his baptism, Bodden held several leadership callings in LDS Church in the Dominican Republic. He was a counselor to the country's first branch president and Bodden was the first district president in the Dominican Republic.
Growth.
The first mission of the church in the Dominican Republic—the Dominican Republic Santo Domingo Mission—was created in 1981 when there were 2500 members in the country. By 1986, there were 11,000 members and the first stake of the church in the Dominican Republic was organized in Santo Domingo, with Bodden as the country's first stake patriarch. The second mission in the Dominican Republic was organized in Santiago on 1 July 1987.
Temple.
On 16 November 1993, the LDS Church announced that it would construct a temple in Santo Domingo. On 17 September 2000, church president Gordon B. Hinckley dedicated the Santo Domingo Dominican Republic Temple; it was the church's 99th operating temple and the first temple built in a Caribbean country.
Status.
In 2008, the church claimed over 106,000 members of the church in Dominican Republic. There are and 194 congregations in 3 missions that meet in 80 church meetinghouses across the country.

</doc>
<doc id="19517167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19517167" title="Big Bad Bill (Is Sweet William Now)">
Big Bad Bill (Is Sweet William Now)

"Big Bad Bill (Is Sweet William Now)" is a song with music by Milton Ager and lyrics by Jack Yellen, written in 1924. The song became a vocal hit for Margaret Young accompanied by Rube Bloom, and an instrumental hit for the Don Clark Orchestra. The song has also been recorded by Ernest Hare (1924), Billy Murray (1924), Clementine Smith (1924), Emmett Miller (1929), Glen Gray & the Casa Loma Orchestra (1940), Peggy Lee (1962), Merle Haggard (1973), Ry Cooder (1978), Leon Redbone (1978), Van Halen (1982) and others and has been a popular song in barbershop quartet and chorus competitions.
The lyrics describe a man "in the town of Louisville..." who was once a fearsome and rough character known for getting into fights, who, after getting married, becomes a peaceable person who devotes his time to domestic activities such as washing dishes and mopping the floor. 
Recordings.
In film:

</doc>
<doc id="19517173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19517173" title="CQ Camelopardalis">
CQ Camelopardalis

CQ Camelopardalis is a variable star in the constellation Camelopardalis.

</doc>
<doc id="19517193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19517193" title="Blanche Rock">
Blanche Rock

Blanche Rock is a 0.07 ha dolerite islet in south-eastern Australia. It is part of the Actaeon Island Group, lying close to the south-eastern coast of Tasmania, at the southern entrance to the D'Entrecasteaux Channel between Bruny Island and the mainland. It is part of the South Bruny National Park.
Fauna.
Recorded breeding seabird and wader species are the Pacific Gull, Sooty Oystercatcher and Black-faced Cormorant.

</doc>
<doc id="19517207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19517207" title="SMS Greif (1914)">
SMS Greif (1914)

SMS "Greif" was a converted freighter serving as a merchant raider with Imperial Germany. 
Originally named "Guben", she was a (4962 GRT) steel-hulled steamship owned by the German-Australian Line (DADG), Hamburg. "Greif" was converted for military service at Kaiserliche Werft Kiel, in 1915. "Greif" was commissioned 23 January 1916 and sailed from the Elbe port of Cuxhaven on 27 February 1916 under the command of Fregattenkapitän Rudolf Tietze (born 13 September 1874). The Royal Navy had learned of "Greif"s sailing and was waiting in the North Sea. 
"Greif" was disguised as the Norwegian "Rena" bound for Tønsberg, Norway when intercepted by the 15,620-ton armed merchant cruiser "Alcantara" on the morning of 29 February 1916. "Alcantara" closed to 2000 yards and slowed to lower a boarding cutter when "Greif" hoisted the German battle ensign, increased speed, and opened fire. "Alcantara" returned fire with six 6-inch (15-cm) guns and two 3-pounders. Range was never more than 3000 yards. "Alcantara" took a torpedo amidships on the port side, and one of "Alcantara"s shells exploded the ready ammunition for "Greif"s after gun. Both ships lost speed. "Greif"s crew abandoned ship 40 minutes after opening fire. "Alcantara" sank first. The light cruiser "Comus" and destroyer "Munster" then arrived to sink the stationary "Greif" and rescue 210 German survivors. 

</doc>
<doc id="19517225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19517225" title="Alexander Hamilton Preparatory Academy">
Alexander Hamilton Preparatory Academy

Alexander Hamilton Preparatory Academy (abbreviated as AHPA) is a four-year comprehensive public high school located in Elizabeth, in Union County, New Jersey, operating as part of Elizabeth Public Schools. The academy accepts students from grades nine through twelve in Elizabeth who have passed the requirements for enrollment. The academy is operated by the Elizabeth Board of Education. Alexander Hamilton Preparatory Academy is accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools. The curriculum prepares its students for four-year colleges and Ivy League schools.
As of the 2010-11 school year, the school had an enrollment of 707 students and 43.0 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 16.44:1. There were 550 students (77.8% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 550 (9.76% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch.
Awards, recognition and rankings.
The school was the 46th-ranked public high school in New Jersey out of 328 schools statewide according to "U.S. News & World Report".
The school was the 303rd-ranked public high school in New Jersey out of 328 schools statewide in "New Jersey Monthly" magazine's September 2012 cover story on the state's "Top Public High Schools", the first time that the school was included in the magazine's rankings. 
History.
Alexander Hamilton Preparatory Academy was originally known as Alexander Hamilton Middle School, which had been constructed in 1924 to replace the Cherry Street School after it was demolished. The middle school became a high school during the summer of 2008. The school was named after Alexander Hamilton, a one-time Elizabeth resident who served as the first Secretary of the Treasury and a Revolutionary War Leader who once resided and attended a school in Elizabeth back when the city was known as Elizabethtown.
Curriculum.
Alexander Hamilton Preparatory Academy selects students with a grade point average of 2.0 or higher, who demonstrate academic potential and are committed to preparing for post-secondary education. Students will comply with a rigorous academic course sequence which includes: four years of English, four years of Mathematics, four years of Science, four years of Social Studies, three years of World Language, and one year of World Literature. eleventh and twelfth graders pursue a concentration in leadership studies.
Academic and elective courses.
Alexander Hamilton Preparatory Academy offers major courses for students such as English I,II,II, Geometry, Algebra II, Pre-Calculus, Probability and Statistics, Trigonometry and plenty of Science classes such as Biology, Chemistry, Physics and Forensic Science. As a new independent high school, the academy is beginning to offer a few Advanced Placement Programs (AP) classes for students who wish take them for Course credit also known as college credits. Elective classes are also offered such as the fine arts, music, and business.
Advanced Placement courses offered include AP English Literature, AP Spanish Literature, AP French Literature, AP United States History, AP Chemistry and AP Biology. A new Advanced Placement class that was added for the 2010-2011 school year is AP Art History which will involve students in the aspects of art and origins of paintings and sculptures. There are three foreign language courses available for students to take as an elective. Spanish I, II & III, French I, II & III and Italian I, II & III. All students must have taken three years of a world language to obtain their credits. 
Electives available for students to choose are Dance I, II & III, Chorus, Marching Band I, II, III (Marching Band is offered as a twelfth period course which is during after school hours), Journalism, Drama I & II, Criminal Justice I & II, Public Speaking & Debate I & II, Sociology, Women's Studies, Black Studies, Economics, Computer Science and Drawing and Painting I & II. There are more electives offered at Alexander Hamilton Preparatory Academy, as well as the Advancement Via Individual Determination (AVID) class which is a required course for every student.
Regulations.
Students enrolled in the AHPA are expected to comply with all rules, regulations and policies of the Academy and the district. Students will be required to wear school uniforms, perform community service, and take ownership in the AVID program. The combination of rigorous and relevant courses, a variety of elective subjects, and the philosophy of the AVID program give students the opportunity to excel in high school and beyond.
In order for a student to qualify for graduation, they must complete 160 credits and perform 60 hours of community service by their senior year, 25 of which must be completed during senior year.
AVID.
The Alexander Hamilton Preparatory Academy integrates a rigorous curriculum with the philosophies of the Advancement Via Individual Determination (AVID) program. AVID is a research-based instructional model that encourages students to prepare for and participate in a challenging college preparatory curriculum. In addition to enrolling in honors and AP level courses, students will receive academic support through a specially designed AVID elective, taught by AVID-trained instructors.
Athletics.
The Alexander Hamilton Preparatory Academy does not have its own athletic teams, instead the students participate in sports that represent the whole city of Elizabeth not just one academy. Therefore being, students from all the Elizabeth Academies including Elizabeth High School are all on one sports team competing against other schools outside the city.

</doc>
<doc id="19517244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19517244" title="New Brooklyn">
New Brooklyn

New Brooklyn is a 2008 feature film directed by Christopher Cannucciari, starring Blanca Lewin, Matt Cavenaugh, Frank Harts, Pablo Cerda, Kat Ross and Frank Nasso.
New Brooklyn is Blanca Lewin's first feature film in English. Her previous works include; "Sangre eterna", "Sábado, una película en tiempo real" and "En la cama". The film was released to various film festivals beginning late Fall 2008. The film is a drama about the movable and unmovable obstacles in the lives of Brooklyn dwellers, centering around the story of a recent South American arrival, Marta Piro (Blanca Lewin). The film includes a mix of professional actors and Brooklyn non actors.
Synopsis.
"Brooklyn is in transition from warehouses and barrios to a gentrified playground of boutiques and ultra-modern condominiums. New Brooklyn is a gritty depiction of survival alongside a tumultuously changing city."
Plot.
Marta and Angela are Brooklyn roommates. Angela has lived in Brooklyn her whole life, Marta has recently arrived from South America. Marta becomes exploited by both the city and Angela's brother, Eddie. She desperately waits for her Chilean boyfriend, Alvaro to arrive and make things better. Marta, it seems, is a woman with her life on hold. She moved from Chile to get work as an actress in New York, but she spends all of her free time talking about and waiting for her boyfriend, Alvaro (Pablo Cerda), to join her from Chile. Once he arrives, however, he is so supremely uninterested in her that he rarely makes eye contact with her and bolts from the apartment as soon as he dumps his stuff on the bed. After Alvaro arrives only to break up with her, Marta must learn to find the courage to stand up for herself and confront Angela and Eddie.

</doc>
<doc id="19517254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19517254" title="Li Xilie">
Li Xilie

Li Xilie (李希烈) (died May 9, 786) was a general of the Chinese Tang Dynasty who, believing himself to be strong enough to claim imperial title, did so as the emperor of a new state of Chu. His efforts to expand Chu was repeatedly thwarted by generals loyal to Tang, however, and in 786, after he grew ill, he was poisoned to death by his general Chen Xianqi.
Background.
It is not known when Li Xilie was born, but it is known that his family was from Yan Prefecture (燕州, in modern Siping, Jilin), and that his father's name was Dading (大定). His surname might have been originally Dong. It was said that he joined the army of Pinglu Circuit (平盧, then headquartered in modern Chaoyang, Liaoning). During the Anshi Rebellion, when part of the Pinglu army was led by Li Zhongchen — then still named Dong Qin and who might have been Li Xilie's father's cousin — across the Bohai Sea, to join the campaign against the rebel Yan state north of the Yellow River. Later, after Li Zhongchen was made the military governor ("Jiedushi") of Huaixi Circuit (淮西, headquartered in modern Zhumadian, Henan), Li Xilie followed him there and served under him.
As of 779, Li Zhongchen was said to be greedy, violent, and sexually immoral. If his officers and soldiers had beautiful wives or daughters, he would often force the women to have sexual relations with him. He entrusted the important matters of the circuit to his brother-in-law Zhang Huiguang (張惠光), whom he made his deputy. Zhang was said to be corrupt and causing much grief to the soldiers. Zhang's son, an officer, was even more corrupt than his father. Li Xilie was supported by the soldiers, and he took this opportunity to plot a mutiny with his colleague Ding Gao (丁暠). On March 28, 779, Li Xilie and Ding killed Zhang and his son and expelled Li Zhongchen. Li Zhongchen fled to Chang'an. Emperor Daizong, crediting him for his past achievements, kept him at Chang'an and gave him the honorary title of acting "Sikong" (司空, one of the Three Excellencies) and allowed him to exercise his previously-honorary authorities as a chancellor. He made Li Xilie prefect of Huaixi's capital Cai Prefecture (蔡州) and acting military governor (nominally serving under Emperor Daizong's own son Li Zao (李造) the Prince of Xin), but stripped the circuit of Bian (汴州, in modern Kaifeng, Henan) and Ying (潁州, in modern Fuyang, Anhui) Prefectures, transferring them to Yongping Circuit (永平) under Li Mian's command, moving Yongping's headquarters to Bian Prefecture. After Emperor Daizong died later in the year and was succeeded by his son Emperor Dezong, Emperor Dezong formally made Li Xilie the military governor of Huaixi.
As "Jiedushi" of Huaixi Circuit.
In imperial service.
Li Xilie subsequently drew favors from Emperor Dezong by repeatedly suggesting to Emperor Dezong, who had wanted to wipe out the "de facto" independence of several circuits — Pinglu (the original territory of which had been abandoned and whose headquartered had moved to modern Tai'an, Shandong), ruled by Li Zhengji; Weibo (魏博, headquartered in modern Handan, Hebei), ruled by Tian Yue; Chengde (成德, headquartered in modern Shijiazhuang, Hebei), ruled by Li Baochen; and Shannan East (山南東道, headquartered in modern Xiangfan, Hubei), ruled by Liang Chongyi — that he be allowed to attack Liang and take Shannan East Circuit back for the imperial government. In 781, after Li Baochen died, Emperor Dezong refused to let his son Li Weiyue inherit his position, and the military governors of the "de facto" independent circuits, who were aligned with each other, then prepared for war against imperial causes. However, Liang was in the worst strategic position among these circuits, as his was the weakest circuit among them and was surrounded by circuits obeying imperial orders, and therefore he did not take as provocative gestures as the others. Nevertheless, Emperor Dezong, not wanting to take any chances, effectively gave Liang the choice of submission or fight by issuing an order promoting him but summoning him to the capital Chang'an. Liang, after much deliberation, refused and planned for war.
In summer 781, Emperor Dezong created Li Xilie the Prince of Nanping and put him in command of overall operations against Liang — against warnings by the chancellor Yang Yan that, based on how Li Xilie had turned against Li Zhongchen, he could not be trusted. Instead, Emperor Dezong publicly praised Li Xilie for his loyalty — although this drew a private remark from his official Li Cheng (李承) that he believed that Li Xilie would turn arrogant and defiant if he were to defeat Liang. Subsequently, when Li Xilie's advances were slowed by torrential rains, Yang Yan's fellow chancellor and political enemy Lu Qi secretly suggested to Emperor Dezong that Li Xilie had slowed down due to his displeasure with Yang; as a result, Emperor Dezong removed Yang from his chancellor post. Meanwhile, Liang launched a preemptive attack against Jiangling, hoping to capture it and gain access to the south. However, he was defeated at Siwang (四望, in modern Xiangfan) and retreated back to Shannan East's capital Xiang Prefecture. He gathered his troops and concentrated them in Xiang and Deng Prefectures, while Li Xilie gathered the forces and headed northwest on the Han River toward Xiang Prefecture. Liang attacked some of Li Xilie's troops stationed at Linhan (臨漢, near Xiang Prefecture), slaughtering them, but subsequently, when Li Xilie's main troops arrived, Liang's generals Zhai Hui (翟暉) and Du Shaocheng (杜少誠) was defeated by Li Xilie at Man River (蠻水, flowing through modern Xiangfan) and then Shukou (疎口, also in modern Xiangfan). Zhai and Du surrendered to Li Xilie, and Li Xilie ordered them to take their troops to enter Xiangyang (the capital of Xiang Prefecture) first. Liang ordered resistance, but his troops opened the gates and fled outside. Liang, seeing no escape, committed suicide with his wife and children by jumping into a well. Li Xilie took his body out from the well, cut off the head, and sent it to Chang'an. Li Xilie also slaughtered Liang's relatives and friends, as well as 3,000 soldiers who had participated in the Battle of Linhan. Emperor Dezong granted Li Xilie the honorary chancellor designation of "Tong Zhongshu Menxia Pingzhangshi" (同中書門下平章事).
Turning against imperial rule.
After Li Xilie's victory over Liang, instead of turning Shannan East over to imperial authority, he began to act as if it were his private domain. Emperor Dezong, remembering Li Cheng's remarks, sent Li Cheng to Shannan East to serve as military governor — with no escorts, at Li Cheng's own request. Once Li Cheng got to Xiang Prefecture, Li Xilie initially refused to let him take over its governance and housed him at a pavilion for guests, and then tried to intimidate him with threats. Li Cheng refused to leave, and Li Xilie, unwilling to break with the imperial government at that time, allowed his soldiers to pillage Xiang Prefecture and then withdrew back to Huaixi. In 782, with imperial forces engaging the forces of Tian Yue, Wang Wujun, Zhu Tao (both Wang and Zhu having participated in Li Weiyue's destruction earlier but then rebelled in light of Emperor Dezong's failure to grant them territory that they wanted), and Li Na (Li Zhengji's son, who had taken over after Li Zhengji died later in 781 as well), Emperor Dezong made Li Xilie the military governor of Pinglu, intending to have him attack Li Na. Li Xilie, however, was in secret communication with the four rebels, who had declared themselves princes independent of Tang, and he, under the guise of attacking Li Na, moved his headquarters to Xu Prefecture (許州, in modern Xuchang, Henan) and requested permission from Li Mian the military governor of Yongping Circuit (永平, headquartered in modern Kaifeng, Henan) to pass through his territory. Li Mian, suspecting Li Xilie's intentions, granted permission but put his forces on high alert. Li Xilie, realizing that Li Mian was on guard, did not attack him. However, Li Xilie then claimed several titles that had not been granted him by Emperor Dezong — the supreme commander of the armed forces, "Taiwei" (太尉, one of the Three Excellencies), and the Prince of Jianxing.
In spring 783, Li Xilie finally took more apparent provocative action against the imperial government, by capturing Ru Prefecture (汝州, in modern Luoyang, Henan) and its acting prefect Li Yuanping (李元平). He then sent his forces to raid the nearby prefectures. At the suggestion of Lu Qi — who had been resentful of the senior official Yan Zhenqing — Emperor Dezong sent Yan to Huaixi to make one final attempt to persuade Li Xilie to return to the imperial fold. Once Yan arrived at Huaixi, Li Xilie put him under house arrest, albeit at a comfortable pavilion, and refused his demands that Li Xilie return to the imperial fold. Li Xilie cut off the communication lines between Chang'an and the Yangtze River-Huai River region, forcing Tang official communications to go through the middle Yangtze region. HIs subsequent attempts to expand, however, were repelled by Tang generals Geshu Yao (哥舒曜) and Li Gao (李皋) the Prince of Cao, and his campaign stalled. An attempt by his subordinate Zhou Zeng (周曾) to overthrow him and replace him with Yan, however, failed. In light of Zhou's failure, however, Li Xilie made one attempt to reconcile with Emperor Dezong, sending an apology that blamed his own rebellion on Zhou, and then moving his headquarters back to Cai Prefecture, where he felt more secure. For the next several months, he continued to engage imperial troops and raid the surrounding prefectures, but did not undertake any substantial maneuvers to expand.
In fall 783, soldiers of Jingyuan Circuit (涇原, headquartered in modern Pingliang, Gansu), at Chang'an at the time in preparation for deployment to battle Zhu, Tian, Wang, and Li Na, mutinied, forcing Emperor Dezong to flee to Fengtian (奉天, in modern Xianyang, Shaanxi). They supported Zhu Tao's brother Zhu Ci as their leader, and Zhu Ci soon declared himself the emperor of a new state of Qin. In the subsequent confusion, Xiangcheng (襄城, in modern Xuchang), which Geshu was defending, fell to Li Xilie, and Geshu fled back to Luoyang. Later in 783, Li Xilie attacked Li Mian's headquarters at Bian Prefecture, but could not capture it quickly enough. He forcibly conscripted civilians to participate in the siege and, when they could not complete the filling-up of the moat around Bian Prefecture on time, buried them alive, referring to them as "wet wood." Around the new year 784, Li Mian abandoned Bian Prefecture, which then fell to Li Xilie, who then moved his headquarters to Bian Prefecture. Li Mian's subordinate Li Cheng (李澄, note different character than the Li Cheng who had previously resisted Li Xilie) surrendered Hua Prefecture (滑州, in modern Anyang, Henan) to Li Xilie as well. The Yangtze-Huai region was all shocked by the development, and Chen Shaoyou (陳少游) the military governor of Huainan Circuit (淮南, headquartered in modern Yangzhou, Jiangsu) sent his subordinate Wen Shu (溫述) to Li Xilie to pledge allegiance to Li Xilie.
When Emperor Dezong, still at Fengtian, declared a general pardon in spring 784 — the scope of which included even Zhu Tao, Wang, Tian, Li Na, and Li Xilie and implicitly promising them that if they submitted to nominal imperial authority again, he would not dare to interfere with them again — Wang, Tian, and Li Na all renounced their self-claimed princely titles. Li Xilie refused, however, and declared himself the emperor of a new state of Chu and making Daliang (i.e., Bian Prefecture) his capital.
As emperor of Chu.
After Li Xilie declared himself the Emperor of Chu, he sent emissaries to Chen Shaoyou and Zhang Jianfeng the prefect of Shou Prefecture (壽州, in modern Lu'an, Anhui), trying to get them to formally submit. Chen was receptive, but Zhang was not and killed Li Xilie's emissaries. Li Xilie sent his general Du Shaocheng (杜少誠) to attack Zhang, but was defeated by Zhang. Other efforts by him to expand were also repelled by Li Gao and Li Jian (李兼) the prefect of E Prefecture (鄂州, in modern Wuhan, Hubei). Meanwhile, when Li Xilie himself attacked Ningling (寧陵, in modern Shangqiu, Henan) and called on Li Cheng to aid him, Li Cheng refused. When Ningling's defender Liu Chang (劉昌) received archery reinforcements from Han Huang the military governor of Zhejiang West Circuit (浙江西道, headquartered in modern Zhenjiang, Jiangsu), Li Xilie was forced to lift the siege on Ningling and withdraw.
In late 784, the Tang general Li Sheng recaptured Chang'an and welcomed Emperor Dezong back to Chang'an. Li Xilie's brother Li Xiqian (李希倩), who had been serving under Zhu Ci, was executed. Hearing of Li Xiqian's death, in anger, Li Xilie executed Yan Zhenqing. Meanwhile, when he subsequently had difficulty in capturing Chen Prefecture (陳州, in modern Zhoukou, Henan), Li Cheng openly turned against him and resubmitted to Tang. Tang forces under Li Cheng, Liu Qia (劉洽), and Qu Huan (曲環) then converged on Bian Prefecture, and Li Xilie, in fear, left Bian Prefecture and moved his capital back to Cai Prefecture. Li Xilie's general Tian Huaizhen (田懷珍) then surrendered Bian Prefecture to Tang forces. Li Xilie was able to capture Deng Prefecture (鄧州, in modern Nanyang, Henan) in spring 785, but made no major gains thereafter. In fall 785, Emperor Dezong, at the advice of the chancellor Lu Zhi, issued an edict that ordered the surrounding circuits not to take further aggressive actions against Chu, but merely to defend themselves against Chu attacks. He also promised that if Li Xilie surrendered, his life would be spared. Li Xilie did not respond. His further attacks continued to be repelled by Tang generals, however, and it was said that his territory was constantly shrinking.
In spring 786, Li Xilie grew ill after eating beef. At the encouragement of his concubine Lady Dou, who was a friend of the wife of Li Xilie's general Chen Xianqi, Chen induced Li Xilie's physician to poison him to death. Li Xilie's son subsequently tried to take over control of the circuit and again pledge allegiance to Tang, but Chen killed him, along with Li Xilie's wife, sons, and brothers, and then resubmitted to Tang imperial authority.

</doc>
<doc id="19517257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19517257" title="Conserve School">
Conserve School

Conserve School is a semester school for environmentally and outdoor minded high school students located in Land O' Lakes, Vilas County, Wisconsin, United States. For seventeen weeks students pursue a program of environmental studies and outdoor activities that is designed to deepen their love of nature, reinforce their commitment to conservation, and equip them to take meaningful action as environmental stewards.
The program interweaves college-preparatory academics with:
Designed primarily for high school juniors, Conserve School incorporates the flexibility to accommodate advanced sophomores.
Academics.
The Conserve School academic program is made up of two types of courses, Core Courses and Electives. 
All students take the five core courses: 
Students select their electives based on their individual needs. Math and Spanish electives focus on keeping students up-to-date in these sequential and skill-based subjects. Art electives allow students to explore their creativity. The Advanced Placement Environmental Science elective combines with the required environmental science class to give students a year's equivalent of AP Environmental Science.
Faculty and staff.
All seven members of Conserve School's teaching staff are passionate about education, experts in their fields, and hold advanced degrees. Most importantly they enjoy collaborating with young people.
Conserve School's teaching staff is augmented by a cohort of Field Instructors. The Field Instructors are all graduate fellows enrolled in a two-year master of natural resources program through the University of Wisconsin–Stevens Point.
Accreditation.
Conserve School is accredited by two internationally known accreditation agencies. Conserve School's academic program is accredited by the North Central Association Commission on Accreditation and School Improvement (NCA CASI), an accreditation division of AdvancED. Conserve School has achieved American Camp Association (ACA) accreditation to support the school's outdoor and residential life programming.
Lowenwood.
Conserve School's campus was named Lowenwood by Conserve School's founder, James Lowenstine. The campus has access to eight lakes (of which four are completely enclosed by school property). The campus is adjacent to the Sylvania Wilderness and Sylvania Recreation Area and its additional of forests, lakes, and streams.
The Lowenstine Academic Building (or LAB) is the main campus building with a variety of classrooms, art & music spaces, a theater, dining room, library, and expansive indoor open area called the Gathering Space. The Lowenwood Recreation Center (or LRC) is the hub for athletic and outdoor activities with its gymnasium, fitness center, outdoor equipment room, locker rooms, and welcoming lounge. Students can check out a variety of equipment from the LRC to aid in their outdoor pursuits including bikes, boats, skis, snowshoes, and ice skates. Elaine House is home for the girls on campus and the boys live in Donahue House. 
There are roughly of trails on Conserve School's grounds, which students use for hiking, biking, snowshoeing, and skiing.
History.
With the passing of James Lowenstine in 1996, the building of his dream, a school to inspire conservation minded environmental stewards, began. Following the directions Mr. Lowenstine left in the Conserve School Trust the Conserve School Board of Trustees began the initial planning for Conserve School. Mr. Lowenstine directed the Trustees to create a school with a curriculum that would include: instruction in reading, writing, arithmetic, and nature study. The nature study was to include a focus on the ecology of unspoiled forest and lake areas such as Conserve School’s Lowenwood campus. In addition the school should include instruction in outdoor sports including skiing, use of snowshoes, archery, ice skating, target practice, swimming, fishing, boating, camping, sledding, methods of survival in unexplored areas, and other outdoor activities.
From the fall of 2002 until the spring of 2010 Conserve School operated as a four-year college preparatory school. Due to financial concerns, the school switched to its current semester school model in the fall of 2010. The decision to transition the school was legally challenged by a group of concerned parents, alumni, and community members, as well as by the Culver Educational Foundation.
On August 21, 2010 the first semester school semester began with 48 students from 12 different states.
Legal challenges.
On November 14, 2005, a lawsuit was filed against Conserve School by the Culver Educational Foundation, parent of Culver Academies in northern Indiana. The suit alleged a breach of fiduciary duties on the part of Conserve School's trustees, claiming the construction and continued operation of Conserve School was financially unsustainable. Culver stood to inherit nearly all of the trust assets should the operation of Conserve School be declared financially impractical. On May 25, 2007, at the request of Culver, the lawsuit was dismissed with prejudice, with all parties to bear their own costs and attorney's fees.
In response to the Conserve School Trustee's decision announced in January 2009 to transition to a semester school, a group of parents and alumni filed a lawsuit to preserve the four-year program The case was filed in Vilas County Circuit Court on February 20, 2009. On April 7 the Culver Educational Foundation joined the lawsuit against Conserve School. On April 14, Wisconsin Attorney General J.B. Van Hollen asked the Vilas County Circuit Court for permission to intervene in the lawsuit. On June 8 the Vilas County Circuit Court upheld the Conserve School Trustees’ right to transition to a semester school and denied the Wisconsin Attorney General's request to intervene. The Culver Educational Foundation appealed the ruling to the Wisconsin Court of Appeals. On November 16, 2010 the Wisconsin Court of Appeals for District III affirmed the ruling by the Vilas County Circuit Court. The Wisconsin Court of Appeals decision concludes with the statement, “Although the trustees’ new program is a significant departure from the way the school previously operated, it does not reflect a finding of legal impossibility or impracticality. To the contrary, it reflects the trustees’ desire to operate the school in a manner best suited to current economic realities within the boundaries of the trust instrument.”

</doc>
<doc id="19517271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19517271" title="2003 Molson Indy Vancouver">
2003 Molson Indy Vancouver

The 2003 Molson Indy Vancouver was the eleventh round of the 2003 CART World Series season, held on July 27, 2003 on the streets of Concord Pacific Place in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="19517311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19517311" title="Nilai Municipal Council">
Nilai Municipal Council

Majlis Perbandaran Nilai or Nilai Municipal Council (MPN) is a local authority which administrates whole of Seremban district (except Seremban town which under Majlis Perbandaran Seremban (MPSNS)) such as Nilai, Pajam, Labu, Mantin, Lenggeng, Taman Seremban Jaya, Sungai Gadut, Pantai and Rantau. This agency is under Negeri Sembilan state government. MPN are responsible for public health and sanitation, waste removal and management, town planning, environmental protection and building control, social and economic development and general maintenance functions of urban infrastructure. The MPN main headquarters is located at Bandar Baru Nilai near Nilai town. On 9 September 2013, the Nilai Municipal Council will merged with the Seremban Municipal Council (MPSNS) to become as Majlis Bandaraya Seremban (MBS) (Seremban City Council).
History.
Formerly known as Majlis Daerah Seremban (MDS) (Seremban District Council). This agency was granted its municipal status on 2000.
Dato' Hj. Abd. Halim b. HJ. Abd. Latif
Organisation chart.
President (Yang di-Pertua) of Nilai.
Dato' Hj. Abd. Halim b. Hj. Abd. Latif

</doc>
<doc id="19517364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19517364" title="Control point (orienteering)">
Control point (orienteering)

A control point (CP, also control and checkpoint) is a marked waypoint used in orienteering and related sports such as rogaining and adventure racing. It is located in the competition area; marked both on an orienteering map and in the terrain; and described on a control description sheet. The control point must be identifiable on the map and on the ground. A control point has three components: a high visibility item, known as a flag or kite; an identifier, known as a control code; and a recording mechanism for contestants to record proof that they visited the control point. The control point is usually temporary, except on a permanent orienteering course.
For events held under IOF Rules the kite has a triangular form with each face being about 30 cm x 30 cm and coloured white and orange. Most national governing bodies, and related sports, use the same design. The earlier specification used white and red.
The location of control points is kept secret from the competitors until the start of the competition, when they receive the map. The map may be pre-printed with the control points, or the competitor may be required to copy control points onto the map from a master map. Control points are selected and prepared anew for each competition. Permanent courses, with their permanent control points, are used primarily for training and recreation, but rarely for competition.
History.
In the early days, control points were staffed. Often the competitors were given at the outset only the location of the first control point, and were given the next location by the control point staff, who also stamped the control cards.
The first public orienteering competition, in Norway in 1897, had three controls, at the farms Finnerud, Bjørnholt and Slakteren, while start and finish were on the farm Grøttum (see map in ref). The first Swedish public orienteering competition, near Stockholm in 1901, used two churches (Bromma and Spånga Church) and two large farms as control points.
Control description sheet.
In orienteering competitions the locations of the control points are described on a control description sheet (or clue sheet). It is sometimes incorrectly referred to as a "Course Description Sheet". For beginners, and the younger competitors, the description is written in a simple text format, but for advanced orienteers the descriptions use symbols (pictorial), in accordance with the "IOF Control descriptions". These symbols eliminate any language-based confusion, vital for international competition. The control descriptions are fixed to or printed on the map, and separate control description sheets may be available at the prestart. Some competitors wear the extra control description sheet in a holder strapped onto their forearm, so that they can read it while running.
A popular software program for producing control description sheets is Clue, available free from the Delaware Valley Orienteering Association.
Control card and punching.
Each competitor is required to carry a control card, and to present it at the Start and hand it in at the Finish. The control card is marked by some means at each control point to show that the competitor has completed the course correctly.
In both trail orienteering and North American style mounted orienteering, it may not be feasible, safe, or permitted for the competitor to go to the control point itself. Instead, the competitor views the control point from a short distance and marks the control card with a pen. Several marking schemes are in use, including a pre-printed multiple choice form, and a "secret word" posted at the control point that the competitor must copy down.
In foot orienteering, the oldest form of orienteering, the first control cards were card stock with a perforated stub, the stub to be handed in at the Start as a safety check. At each control, originally, the control staff or the competitor rubber stamped the control card using a rubber stamp and inkpad kept at that control. Rubber stamps soon were replaced with ticket punches, usually with a different punch shape (circular, square, diamond, star, etc.) at each control. Card stock control cards are in limited use today, having been mostly replaced by weatherproof stock such as Tyvek. Ticket punches have been replaced by needle punches that punch a pattern of small holes in the control card (similar to a perfin).
Weatherproof stock and needle punches are being replaced with electronic punch systems. The orienteer carries a small electronic control card that is a memory card encased in plastic and provided with a strap to attach to the finger. At each control point, and at the Start and Finish too, the orienteer inserts the card into a battery-operated station. There are two principal types of these, SPORTIdent and EMIT although newer technologies are starting to emerge using RFID wristbands timing or QR barcode timing such as iOrienteering. The SPORTIdent control card is a small plastic stick ("e-card" or "e-punch', also "dibber" and "fingerstick"). The EMIT control card is a larger, card-shaped stick with a built-in backup feature: a small paper card inside the control card is pierced by a pin in a specific location at each station.
In both electronic punch systems, the control code (number) and punch time at each control point are recorded on the card. At the finish, data on the card are copied to a computer and a receipt is printed to confirm or deny that the course has been completed correctly. A system has been developed to report these data by amateur radio. When a control card is punched, the reporting transmitter sends its own identifier and the orienteer's identifier and punch time. This is received at a base station, often located at the Finish, where the orienteer's progress on the course can be monitored and displayed to spectators.
The RFID and iOrienteering systems work differently. The RFID bands do not store any information but are simply used to record the runner 'dibbing' at the control box, the data being transmitted via the mobile phone data system back to the finish. it allows for instant/active viewing of positions and timings- but mobile reception is needed and this reduces it usability in some areas. 
iOrienteering works but using the runners smart phone camera to record control points as they are passed. The information is stored on the phone and uploaded at the end of the run. It is more suitable to permanent courses or simple low key orienteering or navigation events, but can be used widely at low cost for almost any navigation event or challenge 
Exceptions.
Notable exceptions to the above control point features occur in several orienteering sports. 

</doc>
<doc id="19517389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19517389" title="Big Creek Bottom">
Big Creek Bottom

Big Creek Bottom, commonly referred to as Big Creek, is a medium sized creek located in Union Parish, Louisiana, United States. More specifically, it is located in the northeastern part of the parish near Marion, Louisiana. The creek is in prime location for game and has been determined to have had Native Americans surrounding it in the 17th, 18th, and 19th centuries. This is evident by the arrowheads used to hunt game surrounding the areas of the creek. The Choctaw Indians were some of note to inhabit this area.
The creek is roughly long, though seems longer due to the winding nature of it through different types of terrain. The creek goes through hardwood bottoms, higher terrain of pine trees, and turns swampy in some areas. It is known by thousands of residents of north Louisiana for its beauty and the many types of wildlife it attracts and supports. White-tail deer use the creek year-round for a main water supply. Wood ducks also inhabit the creek year-round for the food sources of acorn trees that surround the creek and the insects that are located in the more swampy part of the creek. Though, the wood ducks inhabit the creek more in the fall and winter.
Big Creek Bottom is usually referred to by the natives as Big Creek except for the areas in very low terrain where it is more appropriately called Big Creek Bottom. The creek is ten yards wide in some places and can reach depths of eight feet in the winter, and can be as shallow as six inches (152 mm) in the summer.

</doc>
<doc id="19517398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19517398" title="Davis College">
Davis College

Davis College may refer more than one higher education institution:

</doc>
<doc id="19517413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19517413" title="Seremban Municipal Council">
Seremban Municipal Council

Majlis Perbandaran Seremban or Seremban Municipal Council (MPSNS) is a local authority in Malaysia which administers Seremban towns and other areas such as Senawang, Rasah, Mambau and Paroi. This agency is under the Negeri Sembilan state government. MPSNS are responsible for public health and sanitation, waste removal and management, town planning, environmental protection and building control, social and economic development and general maintenance functions of urban infrastructure. The MPSNS main headquarters is located at Jalan Yamtuan in Seremban towns. On 9 September 2013, Seremban will achieve its city status and renamed as Majlis Bandaraya Seremban (MBS) (Seremban City Council).

</doc>
<doc id="19517416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19517416" title="Avery–MacLeod–McCarty experiment">
Avery–MacLeod–McCarty experiment

The Avery–MacLeod–McCarty experiment was an experimental demonstration, reported in 1944 by Oswald Avery, Colin MacLeod, and Maclyn McCarty, that DNA is the substance that causes bacterial transformation, in an era when it had been widely believed that it was proteins that served the function of carrying genetic information (with the very word "protein" itself coined to indicate a belief that its function was "primary"). It was the culmination of research in the 1930s and early 1940s at the Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research to purify and characterize the "transforming principle" responsible for the transformation phenomenon first described in Griffith's experiment of 1928: killed "Streptococcus pneumoniae" of the virulent strain type III-S, when injected along with living but non-virulent type II-R pneumococci, resulted in a deadly infection of type III-S pneumococci. In their paper ""Studies on the Chemical Nature of the Substance Inducing Transformation of Pneumococcal Types: Induction of Transformation by a Deoxyribonucleic Acid Fraction Isolated from Pneumococcus Type III"", published in the February 1944 issue of the "Journal of Experimental Medicine", Avery and his colleagues suggest that DNA, rather than protein as widely believed at the time, may be the hereditary material of bacteria, and could be analogous to genes and/or viruses in higher organisms.
Background.
With the development of serological typing, medical researchers were able to sort bacteria into different strains, or "types". When a person or test animal (e.g., a mouse) is inoculated with a particular type, an immune response ensues, generating antibodies that react specifically with antigens on the bacteria. Blood serum containing the antibodies can then be extracted and applied to cultured bacteria. The antibodies will react with other bacteria of the same type as the original inoculation. Fred Neufeld, a German bacteriologist, had discovered the pneumococcal types and serological typing; until Frederick Griffith's studies bacteriologists believed that the types were fixed and unchangeable from one generation to the next.
Griffith's experiment, reported in 1928, identified that some "transforming principle" in pneumococcal bacteria could transform them from one type to another. Griffith, a British medical officer, had spent years applying serological typing to cases of pneumonia, a frequently fatal disease in the early 20th century. He found that multiple types—some virulent and some non-virulent—were often present over the course of a clinical case of pneumonia, and thought that one type might change into another (rather than simply multiple types being present all along). In testing that possibility, he found that transformation could occur when dead bacteria of a virulent type and live bacteria of a non-virulent type were both injected in mice: the mice would develop a fatal infection (normally only caused by live bacteria of the virulent type) and die, virulent bacteria could be isolated from such infected mice.
The findings of Griffith's experiment were soon confirmed, first by Fred Neufeld at the Koch Institute and by Martin Henry Dawson at the Rockefeller Institute. A series of Rockefeller Institute researchers continued to study transformation in the years that followed. With Richard H.P. Sia, Dawson developed a method of transforming bacteria "in vitro" (rather than "in vivo" as Griffith had done). After Dawson's departure in 1930, James Alloway took up the attempt to extend Griffith's findings, resulting in the extraction of aqueous solutions of the transforming principle by 1933. Colin MacLeod worked to purify such solutions from 1934 to 1937, and the work was continued in 1940 and completed by Maclyn McCarty.
Experimental work.
Pneumococcus is characterized by "smooth" colonies and has a polysaccharide capsule that induces antibody formation; the different types are classified according to their immunological specificity.
The purification procedure Avery undertook consisted of first killing the bacteria with heat and extracting the saline-soluble components. Next, the protein was precipitated out using chloroform and the polysaccharide capsules were hydrolyzed with an enzyme. An immunological precipitation caused by type-specific antibodies was used to verify the complete destruction of the capsules. Then, the active portion was precipitated out by alcohol fractionation, resulting in fibrous strands that could be removed with a stirring rod.
Chemical analysis showed that the proportions of carbon, hydrogen, nitrogen, and phosphorus in this active portion were consistent with the chemical composition of DNA. To show that it was DNA rather than some small amount of RNA, protein, or some other cell component that was responsible for transformation, Avery and his colleagues used a number of biochemical tests. They found that trypsin, chymotrypsin and ribonuclease (enzymes that break apart proteins or RNA) did not affect it, but an enzyme preparation of "deoxyribonucleodepolymerase" (a crude preparation, obtainable from a number of animal sources, that could break down DNA) destroyed the extract's transforming power.
Follow-up work in response to criticism and challenges included the purification and crystallization, by Moses Kunitz in 1948, of a DNA depolymerase (deoxyribonuclease I), and precise work by Rollin Hotchkiss showing that virtually all the detected nitrogen in the purified DNA came from glycine, a breakdown product of the nucleotide base adenine, and that undetected protein contamination was at most 0.02% by Hotchkiss's estimation.
Reception and legacy.
The experimental findings of the Avery–MacLeod–McCarty experiment were quickly confirmed, and extended to other hereditary characteristics besides polysaccharide capsules. However, there was considerable reluctance to accept the conclusion that DNA was the genetic material. According to Phoebus Levene's influential "tetranucleotide hypothesis", DNA consisted of repeating units of the four nucleotide bases and had little biological specificity. DNA was therefore thought to be the structural component of chromosomes, whereas the genes were thought likely to be made of the protein component of chromosomes. This line of thinking was reinforced by the 1935 crystallization of tobacco mosaic virus by Wendell Stanley, and the parallels among viruses, genes, and enzymes; many biologists thought genes might be a sort of "super-enzyme", and viruses were shown according to Stanley to be proteins and to share the property of autocatalysis with many enzymes. Furthermore, few biologists thought that genetics could be applied to bacteria, since they lacked chromosomes and sexual reproduction. In particular, many of the geneticists known informally as the phage group, which would become influential in the new discipline of molecular biology in the 1950s, were dismissive of DNA as the genetic material (and were inclined to avoid the "messy" biochemical approaches of Avery and his colleagues). Some biologists, including fellow Rockefeller Institute Fellow Alfred Mirsky, challenged Avery's finding that the transforming principle was pure DNA, suggesting that protein contaminants were instead responsible. Although transformation occurred in some kinds of bacteria, it could not be replicated in other bacteria (nor in any higher organisms), and its significance seemed limited primarily to medicine.
Scientists looking back on the Avery–MacLeod–McCarty experiment have disagreed about just how influential it was in the 1940s and early 1950s. Gunther Stent suggested that it was largely ignored, and only celebrated afterwards—similarly to Gregor Mendel's work decades before the rise of genetics. Others, such as Joshua Lederberg and Leslie C. Dunn, attest to its early significance and cite the experiment as the beginning of molecular genetics.
A few microbiologists and geneticists had taken an interest in the physical and chemical nature of genes before 1944, but the Avery–MacLeod–McCarty experiment brought renewed and wider interest in the subject. While the original publication did not mention genetics specifically, Avery as well as many of the geneticists who read the paper were aware of the genetic implications—that Avery may have isolated the gene itself as pure DNA. Biochemist Erwin Chargaff, geneticist H. J. Muller and others praised the result as establishing the biological specificity of DNA and as having important implications for genetics if DNA played a similar role in higher organisms. In 1945, the Royal Society awarded Avery the Copley Medal, in part for his work on bacterial transformation.
Between 1944 and 1954, the paper was cited at least 239 times (with citations spread evenly though those years), mostly in papers on microbiology, immunochemistry, and biochemistry. In addition to the follow-up work by McCarty and others at the Rockefeller Institute in response to Mirsky's criticisms, the experiment spurred considerable work in microbiology, where it shed new light on the analogies between bacterial heredity and the genetics of sexually-reproducing organisms. French microbiologist André Boivin claimed to extend Avery's bacterial transformation findings to "Escherichia coli", although this could not be confirmed by other researchers. In 1946, however, Joshua Lederberg and Edward Tatum demonstrated bacterial conjugation in "E. coli" and showed that genetics could apply to bacteria, even if Avery's specific method of transformation was not general. Avery's work also may have played a role in the continuation of X-ray crystallography studies of DNA by Maurice Wilkins, who faced pressure from his funders to make whole cells, rather than biological molecules, the subject of his research.
Despite the significant number of citations to the paper and positive responses it received in the years following publication, Avery's work was largely neglected by much of the scientific community. Although received positively by many scientists, the experiment did not seriously affect mainstream genetics research, in part because it made little difference for classical genetics experiments in which genes were defined by their behavior in breeding experiments rather than their chemical makeup. H. J. Muller, while interested, was focused more on physical rather than chemical studies of the gene, as were most of the members of the phage group. Avery's work was also neglected by the Nobel Foundation, which later expressed public regret for failing to award Avery a Nobel Prize.
By the time of the 1952 Hershey–Chase experiment, geneticists were more inclined to consider DNA as the genetic material, and Alfred Hershey was an influential member of the phage group. Erwin Chargaff had shown that the base composition of DNA varies by species (contrary to the tetranucleotide hypothesis), and in 1952 Rollin Hotchkiss published his experimental evidence both confirming Chargaff's work and demonstrating the absence of protein in Avery's transforming principle. Furthermore, the field of bacterial genetics was quickly becoming established, and biologists were more inclined to think of heredity in the same terms for bacteria and higher organisms. After Hershey and Chase used radioactive isotopes to show that it was primarily DNA, rather than protein, that entered bacteria upon infection with bacteriophage, it was soon widely accepted that DNA was the material. Despite the much less precise experimental results (they found a not-insignificant amount of protein entering the cells as well as DNA), the Hershey–Chase experiment was not subject to the same degree of challenge. Its influence was boosted by the growing network of the phage group and, the following year, by the publicity surrounding the DNA structure proposed by Watson and Crick (Watson was also a member of the phage group). Only in retrospect, however, did either experiment definitively prove that DNA is the genetic material.

</doc>
<doc id="19517430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19517430" title="John O'Callaghan (musician)">
John O'Callaghan (musician)

John O'Callaghan is an Irish Musician and DJ, mainly producing electronic dance music. He also produces music under the alias of Joint Operations Centre, Mannix and Stenna. He has also collaborated with fellow Discover artists such as Bryan Kearney, Neal Scarborough (as Inertia), Thomas Bronzwaer (as Lost World) and Greg Downey as well as more recently, trance hero Leon Bolier. His best known track is Big Sky, done with vocalist Audrey Gallagher.
Achievements.
John O'Callaghan formerly had the majority of his work released on Discover, the British record label set up by John Askew. Recently, his work has been released by Armada Music and its sublabels; primarily on Armind and Soundpiercing. The remix of his vocal trance production "Big Sky" by Agnelli & Nelson was voted “Tune of The Year” by listeners of Armin van Buuren's A State of Trance radio show in 2007.
In 2008, not only did John enter the DJ Mag 100 in 2008 at number 60 but he also picked up two awards at the 'Irish Dance Music Awards', winning 'Best Producer' and 'Best DJ'. With the success of 2008 flowing, John also became the first Irishman to play Trance Energy. In 2009, he rose 36 places to 24th in the DJ Mag 100.
In addition to numerous single releases, he has released a live album (Discover "Live As" Volume 2) and two artist albums, "Something To Live For" and "Never Fade Away".
"Never Fade Away" was released in 2009 on the Armada label shortly following the single release of "Find Yourself feat. Sarah Howells". "Find Yourself" was tipped a future favorite on Armin Van Buuren's weekly radio show, A State Of Trance. The track has received recognition from many DJs including Armin Van Buuren, Tiesto, Judge Jules, Matt Hardwick and Gareth Emery. The track has also received a remix from Cosmic Gate which is also making a lot of headway in many DJs' set lists. O'Callaghan has also released another single from the album, "Surreal" which includes vocals from 'Jaren'.
2010 also marked the start of John's very own sublabel on Armada Called "Subculture"

</doc>
<doc id="19517431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19517431" title="Men Against the Sky">
Men Against the Sky

Men Against the Sky is a 1940 drama starring Richard Dix and written by Nathanael West and based on a story by John Twist. Directed by Leslie Goodwins, this film deals with the dangers of flying and aircraft development in the period before World War II.
Plot.
Phil Mercedes (Dix), who was once a record-setting pilot, is an aging, alcoholic, aeronautics show performer. While inebriated, he crashes his stunt plane into a barn and is grounded for a year. His sister Kay (Barrie) is his only means of support, who hopes to land a job as a draftswoman for Martin Ames (Taylor), the chief engineer for Dan McLean (Lowe), an airplane manufacturer that hopes to win a big contract with the government given the war in Europe. Though Kay is not a very skilled draftsman, she shows Ames some drawings with creative designs, from Phil, that interest him. Preliminary tests of the aircraft prove disastrous, but Phil establishes the viability of his designs by flying the experimental aircraft himself, which restores his damaged reputation.
Production.
Paul Mantz, noted movie "stunt" pilot was the aviation consultant on the film. Also notable is the use of footage of the experimental Hughes H-1 Racer during its trials.
Reception.
Bosley Crowther of the New York Times in a contemporary review, characterized "Men Against the Sky" as a "generally entertaining little action picture," though he criticized its "maudlin heroics", the storyline which was "routine and obvious" and the performances that were no better than "stock and pedestrian."

</doc>
<doc id="19517434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19517434" title="102 Minutes That Changed America">
102 Minutes That Changed America

102 Minutes That Changed America is a 102-minute American television special documentary film that was produced by the History channel and premiered commercial-free on September 11, 2008, marking the seventh anniversary of the 2001 attacks. The film depicts, in virtually real time, the New York-based events of the attacks primarily using raw footage from mostly amateur citizen journalists. The documentary is accompanied by an 18-minute documentary short called I-Witness to 9/11, which features interviews with nine firsthand eyewitnesses who captured the footage on camera.
According to this film, most of the archival footage was in possession of the U.S. government but was released to History years after 9/11.
The documentary film attracted 5.2 million viewers.
The program aired on Channel 4 in the UK, France 3 in France, History Channel in Brazil on 7 September 2009, SBS6, in the Netherlands on 9 September 2009 and on ZDF in 2009 and 2010. A&E Television Networks, parent company of History, aired it across all of their cable networks on September 11, 2011 at 8:46 a.m. EDT, the exact time American Airlines Flight 11 crashed into 1 World Trade Center ten years earlier.
Awards and nominations.
2009 Emmy Awards.
In 2009, "102 Minutes" won four (4) Primetime Emmy Awards for the following categories:

</doc>
<doc id="19517435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19517435" title="Actaeon Island">
Actaeon Island

Actaeon Island is a 15.65 ha dolerite island game reserve in south-eastern Australia. It is part of the Actaeon Island Group, lying close to the south-eastern coast of Tasmania, at the southern entrance to the D'Entrecasteaux Channel between Bruny Island and the mainland. There is a navigation beacon on the highest point, 14 m asl.
Fauna.
Recorded breeding seabird and wader species are the Little Penguin, Short-tailed Shearwater and Sooty Oystercatcher. European Rabbits occur on the island and seals occasionally haul-out there. The Metallic Skink is present.

</doc>
<doc id="19517448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19517448" title="List of NFL quarterbacks who have passed for 400 or more yards in a game">
List of NFL quarterbacks who have passed for 400 or more yards in a game

In the National Football League, 123 quarterbacks have passed for at least 400 yards in a single game ("400-yard game"), 266 times in the regular season and 18 more in the postseason.
Sid Luckman was the first to pass for 400 yards, in 1943. Dan Marino has recorded the most 400-yard games, with 15. Drew Brees has recorded the most 400-yard postseason games, with 3, including 2 consecutive in a single postseason (unofficial 3 consecutive over two postseasons). Cam Newton is the only player to throw for 400 yards in his first career game/first start of his rookie season, and the only rookie with two (consecutive) 400 yard games. Don Strock is the only quarterback to have thrown for 400 yards in a game that he did not start. Ken O'Brien and Nick Foles are the only quarterbacks to have earned a perfect passer rating in a 400-yard game. Kurt Warner is the only quarterback to have thrown a 400 yard game in the Super Bowl.
There have been eight occurrences of a quarterback recording two consecutive 400-yard games. There have been nine games where two opposing quarterbacks collected 400 passing yards in the same game. There have been two single-days (September 21, 1986 and January 1, 2012) where three quarterbacks recorded 400-yard games – based on performances in 2 games. There has been one NFL 'week' (September 8–12, 2012) where four quarterbacks recorded 400-yard games – based on performances in 3 games.
Of the 255 times a quarterback has earned 400 passing yards, only 54% have resulted in a win: 137 wins, 114 losses, 4 ties. The percentage of wins had been 60% (116 of 194 occurrences) prior to 2006, but has fallen to 34% (21 out of 61) since 2006. The number of 400-yard games has varied dramatically, from a high of 20 times in 2011 to just one in 2005, and none at all in some years (most recently 1979).
Along with O'Brien's and Foles' perfect passer rating of 158.3 in their 400 yard games, there have been 12 times a quarterback earned a rating of 140—all were wins. Peyton Manning has the highest passer rating in a 400-yard postseason game, with 145.7. Randall Cunningham has the two lowest passer ratings in 400-yard games, losing both his 50.5 and his 52.0 rated games.
Fifteen of the quarterbacks on this list have thrown one game each of at least 500 yards. The quarterbacks with 500-yard games have only won eight (53%) of those fifteen games. Y. A. Tittle had the highest passer rating, 151.4, for a 500-yard game—also tying the NFL record of 7 touchdown passes in that effort.
List of 400-yard games.
"Att = Attempts; Comp. = Completions; Yds. = Yards; TDs = Touchdowns; INTs = Interceptions; Rtg = Rating"
<br>
<br>
Quarterbacks with consecutive games of 400 or more yards.
Only eight quarterbacks have, by NFL standards, had 400 or more passing yards in back-to-back games. Seven have done so in the regular season, and Drew Brees has done so in the postseason. Cam Newton accomplished this feat in his first two professional games, and Tom Brady also had 400-yard games in the same two weeks of the NFL season as Newton.
"*"Two quarterbacks, Kurt Warner and Brees, have thrown for 400 or more yards in their final post-season game of a season and then passed for 400 or more yards in the first game of the following regular season. Warner did so with the St. Louis Rams in his Super Bowl XXXIV win on January 30, 2000 and again in the Rams' Week 1 win on Sept. 4, 2000. Brees accomplished the same feat in the New Orleans Saints' loss in the Wild Card round of the 2010–11 NFC playoffs and the Saints' Week 1 loss in the 2011 Kickoff Game. Note that the NFL does not recognize these cases as "consecutive games". By contrast, Brees' 400-yard performances in the Wild Card and Divisional rounds of the 2011–12 playoffs do count as "consecutive", as they were accomplished in a single season.

</doc>
<doc id="19517463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19517463" title="Prochownik's Dream">
Prochownik's Dream

"Prochownik's Dream" is a 2005 novel by the Australian author Alex Miller. In this new novel the double Miles Franklin winner dramatises the dichotomy within an artist as he negotiates the creative life.' - Jane Sullivan, 'The Age'. [http://www.theage.com.au/news/books/the-millers-tale/2005/11/03/1130823343002.html]

</doc>
<doc id="19517558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19517558" title="2008 Summer Paralympics closing ceremony">
2008 Summer Paralympics closing ceremony

The 2008 Summer Paralympics closing ceremony was held at the Beijing National Stadium, also known as the Bird's Nest. It began at 8:00 pm China Standard Time (UTC+8) on September 17, 2008. The number 8 is associated with prosperity and confidence in Chinese culture.
Sequence of events.
The closing ceremony took place on September 17, 2008 in the National Stadium . The sequence of events was;

</doc>
<doc id="19517561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19517561" title="Joakim Puhk">
Joakim Puhk

Joakim Puhk (25 May 1888 – 14 September 1942) was an Estonian businessman, economist and Rotarian; a member of the International Chamber of Commerce, and a member of the International Olympic Committee from 1936 to 1942.
Biography.
Joakim Puhk was born in Viljandi to Jaak Johann Puhk and Anna Luise Puhk as their third child and first son out of five yet to be born. Anna-Luise, his mother, was born at Imavere Manor in Viljandimaa as a daughter of gardener. His father, also from Viljandimaa was a member of a family with 18 children. Puhk attended to the Riga Commercial School from where he graduated in 1904. Being a leftist his participation in the 1905 Russian Revolution resulted 3 years of imprisonment for the revolutionary activities. Because Joakim Puhk was still a minor, his sentence was reduced to 2 years. After released from prison Puhk returned to his homeland Estonia where he engaged with his fathers company established in 1881 and renamed in 1913: Jaak Puhk and Sons Department Store. (). On 27 July 1917, Joakim Puhk's father died and he, 29 years old at the time together with his younger brothers Eduard, Voldemar, Aleksander and Evald continued to run the business.
Besides been involved with the family business Puhk became the director of a factory "Ilmarine", and member of the board of an insurance company Estonian Lloyd Ltd. After the February Revolution Russia granted autonomy to Estonia, Puhk hold the chairman of the Food Office of the Autonomous Governorate of Estonia in 1917–1918. During the German Occupation of Estonia in World War I, during 1918–1919, Puhk was nominated to an assistant of the Minister for Food.
After the end of German Occupation and beginning of Estonian war of independence Puhk became an economic expert consulting the Estonian government, participating at the Paris Peace Conference, 1919, and in 1920 at the signing of the Tartu Peace Treaty. Puhk was an elected member of the Estonian Constituent Assembly that adopted the first Constitution of Republic of Estonia on 15 June 1920.
On 10 November 1925 Joakim Puhk was elected the chairman of the Board of the Estonian Chamber of Commerce and Economy and in 1925 became a member the International Chamber of Commerce' World Council. He served as Honorary Consul for Lithuania (1921–1927) and Finland (1927–1940).
In 1921 Puhk married Anna Sinisoff and they had two daughters: Eva-Agne was born on 15 August 1927 and Anna Mirjam on 19 March 1933.
Joakim Puhk, one of the richest person in Estonia in the 1930s was an active sponsor of sports that resulted nomination for candidacy of membership for the International Olympic Committee. The submission for candidacy was supported by the Finnish and Swedish Olympic Committees and Puhk became a member in July 1936.
After the Soviet Occupation of Estonia Joakim Puhk was arrested on 31 August 1940 and executed by the NKVD on 14 September 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="19517621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19517621" title="List of East West 101 episodes">
List of East West 101 episodes

The following is a list of episodes for the Australian television series, "East West 101". The series began on 6 December 2007 and continues presently. 20 episodes have currently been aired. The series aired on the SBS network in Australia. The show is based on the New South Wales Police's Major Crimes Unit, starring Don Hany as a Muslim police officer named Detective Zane Malik and William McInnes as Anglo-Australian Detective Sergeant Ray Crowley as they investigate serious crimes in New South Wales affecting people of all races while trying to balance their lives, especially when the two officers had experienced tragic events that threaten to work against their ethics as policemen.
The first, second and third seasons are available on DVD. The second season was released on DVD before it began airing on SBS.

</doc>
<doc id="19517656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19517656" title="Scott Glacier (Alaska)">
Scott Glacier (Alaska)

Scott Glacier is a 15-mile-long (24 km) glacier located in the Chugach Mountains, near Cordova, Alaska. It begins at and trends southwest to , 13 miles (21 km) east northeast of Cordova. The Scott Glacier was named in 1908 after a "local miner".

</doc>
<doc id="19517673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19517673" title="Andreas Vevera">
Andreas Vevera

Andreas Vevera (born 1971) is a gold medalist at Table tennis at the 2008 Summer Paralympics. He represented Austria and played in the Men's Individual - Class 1. His motto is "Give everyday your best."

</doc>
<doc id="19517677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19517677" title="List of A-Grade highways in Sri Lanka">
List of A-Grade highways in Sri Lanka

This is a list of A-grade highways in Sri Lanka sorted by route number.

</doc>
<doc id="19517679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19517679" title="Korean Council for University Education">
Korean Council for University Education

The Korean Council for University Education (KCUE) is a private association of four-year higher educational institutions in the Republic of Korea intended to promote cooperation between universities and represent their interests, particularly regarding university autonomy from state regulation, to the government. It is comparable in some respects to organizations such as the Association of American Colleges and Universities (AAC&U), the German Rectors’ Conference (HRK), or the Japan Association of National Universities (JANU). The KCUE is unique, however, in that the presidents of all South Korean universities, public and private, are required by law to hold membership.
History.
The KCUE was founded in 1982 and legally consolidated in 1984 during the later period of authoritarian rule in South Korea. It was largely intended to placate growing demands from universities for greater autonomy from a centralized education system that was strictly regulated by the Ministry of Education. During the first several years of its existence, however, the KCUE had little semblance of autonomy from or influence over the authoritarian government at the time and was able to achieve few of its objectives.
With the beginning of substantial democratization in South Korea in 1987-1988 and the subsequent, gradual liberalization of the higher education system, the KCUE was increasingly able to accomplish its original purposes and expand its functions, particularly in research and training of university staff. By the mid-1990s it had taken on significant responsibilities related to university evaluations and the university admissions system previously under the exclusive purview of the Ministry of Education.
Organization.
The KCUE is nominally controlled by a General Assembly composed of the presidents of all member universities. The General Assembly elects a ten to twenty-member Board of Trustees and a Chairman (currently Ewha Woman's University President Bae Yong Lee) that make most executive decisions. The Board of Trustees elects a Secretary-General (currently Kyungpook National University Professor Chong Yul Park) that oversees day-to-day operations of the KCUE. The organization's activities are mainly funded by the Ministry of Education and mandatory membership fees from universities.
Functions.
The main purposes of the KCUE are to support the development of South Korea’s higher education system by “promoting inter-institutional cooperation concerning major issues common to four-year universities and colleges” and represent the collective voice of universities to the government to “increase the autonomy, initiative, public accountability, and overall quality” of higher education.
Research.
The KCUE’s Research Institute for Higher Education, formally established in 1985, conducts research as commissioned by its member universities or the government. It focuses on research regarding the management and administration of universities, policy options for reform in South Korea’s university admissions system, financial support of universities from private and governmental sources, and the development of university curricula and teaching methods. The Institute's research is published, among other places, in the Korean language journal "Daehak Gyoyuk" ("Higher Education") [http://magazine.kcue.or.kr/].
University Faculty/Staff Training.
In order to improve the quality of leadership, instruction, and administration at member universities, the KCUE's Training Center for Higher Education, formally established in 1995 in a separate facility in Daegu, South Korea, trains approximately 2,500 university administrators, faculty, and staff annually in areas of greatest need as requested by universities. The Center uses training seminars, conferences, and programs to disseminate updated research information on university education and administration from the KCUE and other organizations.
University Admissions.
Since the mid-1990s the Ministry of Education has gradually delegated much of its authority over the country's admissions process to the KCUE. In late 2004, it announced that the KCUE would decide admissions schedules and develop admissions rules. More significantly, the transition team of incoming South Korean President Lee Myung-bak announced in January 2008 its intention to transfer most responsibilities regarding the university admissions system from the Ministry of Education to the KCUE, which would thus allow universities to decide admission criteria, such as whether to include interviews in admissions processes and how to weight the College Scholastic Ability Test in admissions decisions. Lee had made a promise during the 2007 presidential campaign to give universities greater autonomy.
University Evaluations.
In addition to conducting research on accreditation and evaluation in higher education, the KCUE is one of the few formal, albeit voluntary mechanisms of evaluation or accreditation in the South Korean higher education system. It began conducting simple evaluations of its member universities in 1983 and more detailed evaluations beginning in 1994 that included separate assessments at the departmental and institutional level.
Academic Records Verification.
In response to the widely reported scandals in late 2007 involving well-known university professors, government officials, and television personalities in South Korea that had forged academic credentials from both domestic and international universities, the KCUE established its Academic Records Verification Service in September 2007. It currently processes verification requests from any South Korea-based organization to confirm the domestic or international academic credentials of South Korean citizens or foreigners seeking employment at a business, admission to a school, etc. Concerns regarding forged credentials were so widespread that the service received over 500 requests on the first day, and over 10,000 applications were filed within the first ten weeks. The South Korean Ministry of Justice currently uses the KCUE to verify the credentials of all E-2 visa applicants seeking to teach foreign languages such as English in the country.

</doc>
<doc id="19517702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19517702" title="Securities turnover excise tax">
Securities turnover excise tax

A Securities Turnover Excise Tax (STET) is a small tax on every stock, swap, derivative, or other trade. It has been levied historically in the United States and has been proposed more recently as a way to reduce speculation in financial markets.
History.
In the United States, the STET was used to fund the Spanish American War.
Re-instatement of the STET was briefly proposed in 1990, as a part of US deficit reduction measures.
Advocacy.
John Maynard Keynes, in "The General Theory of Employment, Interest, and Money" suggested that an excise tax on transactions and trades would discourage speculation in the stock market.
In 1934, muckraking journalist and novelist Upton Sinclair ran for Governor of California on the End Poverty in California plan. The fourth plank of the plan called for repeal of the state's sales tax and imposition of "a tax on stock transfers at the rate of 4 cents per share."
The STET was a major plank of the 2008 platform of American presidential candidate Ralph Nader, and that same year was proposed by Oregon Congressman Peter DeFazio as a means to pay for the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19517721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19517721" title="Davis College (Ohio)">
Davis College (Ohio)

Davis College is a private for-profit 2-year school located in Toledo, Ohio, United States. It was formerly known as David Business College and Toledo Business College.
History.
In 1881, Matthew H. Davis left his chairmanship in the mathematics department and his position as director of the business department at Albert College, Belleville, Ontario, to accept the management of Toledo Business College. The small school of 35 students, which had been established in 1858, rapidly grew to 350 students. During the 23 years Davis directed the school, four other schools were absorbed, and the name was changed to Davis Business College. The curriculum was gradually changed from Latin, German, Greek, calculus, and epistolary writing to banking, mercantile trades, shorthand, and typing.
After Davis' death in 1904, his son, Thurber P. Davis, left the University of Michigan to take over the management of Davis Business College. Under the leadership of the younger Davis, electric typewriters were added. Stenotype and data processing augmented the expanding curriculum.
In 1948, when Thurber became ill, his daughter Ruth L. Davis became the third generation of the Davis family to lead the school.
In 1953, Davis Business College was among the first to be accredited by the Accrediting Commission for Business Schools. In 1964, it met commission requirements for a junior college of business. Office management, payroll accounting, and the Automation Institute were added to meet the growing needs of business and technology.
In 1983, John Lambert became President of Davis College. President Lambert expanded the Davis curriculum to include allied health, aviation, computer, and graphic design programs, which doubled the College's enrollment. In 1986, Davis met the requirements for accreditation by the American Association of Medical Assistants. In 1991, Davis College was granted accreditation by the HIgher Learning Commission of the North Central Association.
In 1993, Diane Brunner became the fifth President of Davis College. At the time of her appointment, she was the youngest female college president in Ohio.
In 2008, the College was honored as one of Ohio's best employers by the Ohio Chamber of Commerce.
Davis College also earned the Better Business Bureau Torch Award for marketplace ethics.

</doc>
<doc id="19517728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19517728" title="Lisa Picard Is Famous">
Lisa Picard Is Famous

Lisa Picard is Famous, also known as Famous, is a 2000 comedy-drama film directed by Griffin Dunne and written by Nat DeWolf & Laura Kirk. The film stars Kirk, DeWolf, Dunne, Daniel London, and a large number of famous actors in cameos as themselves.
The films story is about a documentary maker who has focused on Lisa Picard as she is on the verge of stardom. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2000 Cannes Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="19517732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19517732" title="Resourcefulness">
Resourcefulness


</doc>
<doc id="19517738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19517738" title="Death Rituals">
Death Rituals

Death Rituals is the eighth studio album by American death metal band Six Feet Under. It was released on November 11, 2008 through Metal Blade Records. It is also available in a limited digipak edition with three live bonus tracks.
On October 6, 2008, the song "Shot in the Head" was posted at Brave Words & Bloody Knuckles as part of their "Knuckle Tracks" online player. The song was removed on October 12, 2008.
Another song titled "Seed Of Filth" was available for streaming on the Metal Blade Records MySpace page from October 21, 2008. The song was also released as the album's first single. A was video shot on October 31, 2008 at Gasoline Alley in Largo, Florida.
This was the last album of original material to feature founding bassist Terry Butler and drummer Greg Gall. It is also their longest album to date, clocking in at just under 50 minutes.
Recording and production.
The recording process of the album began in May 2008 at the Morrisound Studios in Tampa, Florida with Chris Carroll.
The album has so far proved slightly more popular amongst fans than Commandment. Kerrang also gave the album a rare '5K' rating.

</doc>
<doc id="19517745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19517745" title="Sterile Island">
Sterile Island

Sterile Island is a 3.68 ha island game reserve in south-eastern Australia. It is part of the Actaeon Island Group, lying close to the south-eastern coast of Tasmania, at the southern entrance to the D'Entrecasteaux Channel between Bruny Island and the mainland.
Fauna.
Recorded breeding seabird and wader species are the Little Penguin, Pacific Gull and Sooty Oystercatcher. European Rabbits occur on the island. The Metallic Skink is present.

</doc>
<doc id="19517771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19517771" title="Theo and the Skyscrapers (album)">
Theo and the Skyscrapers (album)

Theo and the Skyscrapers is the first album by Theo & the Skyscrapers. It was released March 28, 2006 by Ozit Morpheus. The songs are reminiscent of Blondie. The album includes a bonus DVD with videos of "Run Rabbit Run," "Time," "Broken Girl," and others, which features the work of photographer, Rob Roth.

</doc>
<doc id="19517786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19517786" title="Stautzenberger College">
Stautzenberger College

Stautzenberger College, formerly Toledo Dental Academy, is a private college located in Maumee, Ohio, United States. It has branch campuses in Allen Park, Michigan and Brecksville, Ohio. It is part of American Higher Education Development Corporation.

</doc>
<doc id="19517807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19517807" title="So Many Ways to Die">
So Many Ways to Die

So Many Ways to Die is the second album by Theo & the Skyscrapers. It was released July 7, 2007 on the band's label, Dark Daddy Records. The album is a mix of electronic and dark dance.

</doc>
<doc id="19517820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19517820" title="Upper Great Southern Football League">
Upper Great Southern Football League

The Upper Great Southern Football League is an Australian rules football league based in the state of Western Australia, incorporating teams from towns located within the Great Southern, Wheatbelt and Peel regions. The league was formed in 1959 from a merger of the town competitions in Wagin and Narrogin. There are currently 8 teams covering all tiers of the league.
The representative side from the league won the 2009 WA Country Football Championships, A-Section, defeating the Avon Football Association.
2011 Ladder.
 
FINALS 
 
2012 Ladder.
 
FINALS 

</doc>
<doc id="19517823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19517823" title="The Warrior (disambiguation)">
The Warrior (disambiguation)

The Warrior may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19517850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19517850" title="Cradle of Darkness">
Cradle of Darkness

"Cradle of Darkness" is the fifth episode of the science fiction television series 2002 revival of "The Twilight Zone". The episode was first broadcast on October 2, 2002, on UPN. It stars Katherine Heigl, who later became known for her role in "Grey's Anatomy".
Plot.
Andrea Collins (Katherine Heigl) travels from an unmentioned time to April 28, 1889, to Braunau am Inn, Austria, and becomes a housemaid to the Hitler family. Her plan is to kill the infant Adolf Hitler.
Her first attempts fail due to disruptions and her own inability to kill a baby. After being unable to kill the baby, Collins goes into a church to confess. She tells the father that someone in the city would cause the death of 60 million people and that she will kill him, to which the father replies that nobody knows the future but even if it is true, only God has the right to kill that person.
Andrea finally manages to fulfill her plan by stealing the child and jumping into a river with it. However, Kristina, another housemaid, having followed Andrea and witnessed her jump, buys a homeless woman's baby – the homeless woman ironically a Gypsy – and passes it off as Adolf, presumably the one known to history in the first place. Effectively Andrea murders an innocent child while creating Adolf Hitler .

</doc>
<doc id="19517885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19517885" title="Alice de Warenne">
Alice de Warenne

Alice de Warenne, Countess of Arundel (15 June 1287 – 23 May 1338) was an English noblewoman and heir apparent to the Earldom of Surrey. In 1305, she married Edmund FitzAlan, 9th Earl of Arundel.
Family.
Alice, the only daughter of William de Warenne and Joan de Vere, was born on 15 June 1287 in Warren, Sussex, six months after her father had been accidentally killed in a tournament on 15 December 1286. On the death of her paternal grandfather, John de Warenne, 6th Earl of Surrey in 1304, her only sibling John de Warenne, 7th Earl of Surrey succeeded to the earldom. He became estranged from his childless wife and they never reconciled, leaving Alice as the heir presumptive to the Surrey estates and title.
Marriage to the Earl of Arundel.
In 1305, Alice married Edmund Fitzalan, 9th Earl of Arundel, the son of Richard Fitzalan, 8th Earl of Arundel and Alice of Saluzzo. He had initially refused her, for reasons which were not recorded; however, by 1305, he had changed his mind and they were wed.
They had nine recorded children, and their chief residence was Arundel Castle in Sussex.
Arundel inherited his title on 9 March 1302 upon his father's death. He was summoned to Parliament as Lord Arundel in 1306, and was later one of the Lords Ordainers. He also took part in the Scottish wars.
The Earl of Arundel and his brother-in-law John de Warenne were the only nobles who remained loyal to King Edward II, after Queen Isabella and her lover Roger Mortimer, 1st Earl of March returned to England in 1326. He had allied himself to the King's favourite Hugh le Despenser, and agreed to the marriage of his son to Despenser's granddaughter. Arundel had previously been granted many of the traitor Mortimer's forfeited estates, and was appointed Justice of Wales in 1322 and Warden of the Welsh Marches in 1325. He was also made Constable of Montgomery Castle which became his principal base.
The Earl of Arundel was captured in Shropshire by the Queen's party. On 17 November 1326 in Hereford, Arundel was beheaded by order of the Queen, leaving Alice de Warenne a widow. Her husband's estates and titles were forfeited to the Crown following Arundel's execution, but later restored to her eldest son, Richard.
Alice died on 23 May 1338. She was not quite fifty-one years old. Her brother died in 1347 without legitimate issue, thus the title of Surrey eventually passed to Alice's son, Richard.

</doc>
<doc id="19517909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19517909" title="Not the End of the World">
Not the End of the World

Not the End of the World may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19517920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19517920" title="Gota">
Gota

Gota or Gøta or Göta may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19517923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19517923" title="Providence University">
Providence University

Providence University (PU; ) is a Catholic co-educational institution in Shalu District, Taichung City, Taiwan.
History.
Providence University was founded by an American congregation, the Sisters of Providence of Saint Mary-of-the-Woods (Indiana, United States). In the summer of 1919, Bishop Joseph Tacconi of Kaifeng, Henan Province, mainland China, met with Sisters of Providence general superior Mother Mary Cleophas Foley to request sisters for a school for young women in Kaifeng. In 1921 Mother Marie Gratia Luking (1885–1964) and five other Sisters of Providence founded the Hua-Mei Girls' Elementary and High Schools there, one of the first schools for girls in China. In the spring of 1929, the school was forced to close because of political turbulence. 
The Providence Sisters, enthusiastic about female education, endeavored to establish another school in spite of the critical situation. In 1932, by the effort of the Board of Trustees, Ching-Yi Girls' High School was instituted in Kaifeng. Cardinal Paul Yü Pin was the first chairperson of the Board of Trustees, and Chi-Liang Ing was the first president of the school. In 1942, Mother Gratia and the other sisters were imprisoned and did not regain their freedom until 1945. In 1948, the war between the Kuomintang Party and the Communist Party forced the sisters to retreat first to Shanghai and later to Taiwan.
Providence University in the media.
Recently Providence University hit the news with a new course offered in mass communication. Students learn how to appreciate and analyse viewers' reactions to porn movies.
Transportation.
The university is accessible East from Shalu Station of the Taiwan Railways Administration.

</doc>
<doc id="19517926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19517926" title="The Images">
The Images

The Images may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19517929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19517929" title="Bowie High School (El Paso, Texas)">
Bowie High School (El Paso, Texas)

Bowie High School is one of the oldest operating high schools in El Paso, Texas and is part of the El Paso Independent School District. It is located in the Chamizal neighborhood in the South Central part of the city next to the border with Mexico, not far from the Bridge of the Americas linking El Paso with Ciudad Juarez, across San Marcial Street from Chamizal National Memorial. 
Bowie High serves Downtown El Paso and the western half of South Central (also known as South) El Paso; its attendance zone is roughly defined by Interstate 10 on the north, the Rio Grande on the south and west, and Luna Street on the east. It is fed by Guillen Middle School and the elementary schools in its feeder pattern include Aoy, Beall, Douglass, and Hart. Bowie High also hosts a magnet program for business and international relations, International Business Academy, which opened in 2003 and draws students from throughout the district. It was named for Texas Revolution hero and Alamo defender James Bowie.
History.
Bowie High School was founded in 1927 to relieve overpopulation at El Paso High School. The first school building still exists on South Cotton Street at Sixth Avenue in the Segundo Barrio (Second Ward) section of South-Central El Paso; it is now Guillen Middle School. Bowie High was eventually relocated at its current location as a result of restructuring in South El Paso; it sits on what was once Mexican territory ceded to the United States as a result of the Chamizal Treaty which settled a boundary dispute between the United States and Mexico.
Organizations.
Bowie High School consists of great fine arts organizations including the Mighty Bowie Bear Band, Drama Club, Los Osos Orgullosos Mariachi, Los Osos Orgullosos Choir, and The Bear Orchestra. These organizations are located at the new Fine Arts building. Other organizations include

</doc>
<doc id="19517970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19517970" title="Rohitha Bogollagama">
Rohitha Bogollagama

Chandrasekera Rohitha Bandara Bogollagama (born 6 August 1954) (known as "Rohitha Bogollagama") (Sinhala: රෝහිත බෝගොල්ලාගම, ) is a Sri Lankan politician and the current Sri Lanka Freedom Party chief organiser for the Kotte Electorate. He had also served as the Cabinet Minister of Foreign Affairs from 28 January 2007 until he was defeated in the General Elections held on 8 April 2010, losing his seat in parliament. He had a long career in law running from 1976 to 1999, before being elected to the Sri Lankan parliament in 2000.
Early life.
Born in Nikaweratiya, North Western Province, to Chandrasekera Malala Banda Bogollagama (former Chairman, National Lotterys Board from 1966 to 1970) and Vinitha Bogollagama (née Senerath), he is one of their five children. Bogollagama attended Ananda College in Colombo and later the Sri Lanka Law College, passing out in 1976. He was called to the Bar and enrolled as Attorney-at-Law by the Supreme Court of Sri Lanka in October 1976.
Legal career.
Bogollagama's career in law ran for nearly thirty years, and included serving as legal consultant to the Ceylon Fertiliser Corporation from 1985 to 1993, and legal advisor to the United States government-run Voice of America from 1991 to 1999. He was also Chairman of the Sri Lanka Cement Corporation and Chairman and Director General of the Board of Investment of Sri Lanka.
Political career.
As a member of the United National Party, Bogollagama was elected to parliament in 2000 for Kurunegala District, and served the Parliamentary Consultative Committees on Finance, Foreign Affairs, Defence, Industrial Development & Investment Promotion, and Power & Energy. On 12 December 2001, Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe appointed him Minister of Industries. As minister he initiated the "Yuga Dekma", a large industrial fair, in 2002. In 2004 president Chandrika Kumaratunga dissolved parliament and removed non-cabinet ministers on 12 February.
While in opposition in 2004, he was appointed by a unanimous decision to serve as the Chairman of the Committee on Public Enterprises (COPE), an oversight committee of parliament responsible for accountability of public enterprises.
Bogollagama switched political allegiance on 18 November 2004, siding with the United People's Freedom Alliance; the President swore him in as the Cabinet Minister of Advanced Technology and National Enterprise Development on the same day.
He became the Minister of Enterprise and Development on 23 November 2005. As Minister, he argued in favour of returning Sri Lanka to GMT +05:30 time, which was the official time before 1996. He represented the government of Sri Lanka at two rounds of peace talks with the LTTE at Geneva in 2006.
He was defeated in the General Elections held on 8 April 2010, losing his seat in parliament and was not reappointed the cabinet.
Foreign Affairs Career.
Bogollagama was acclaimed for the diplomacy he demonstrated when engaging with the international community on promoting investment, tourism, trade and strengthening diplomatic relations, which he did in a constructive and consistent basis as Cabinet Minister of Foreign Affairs.
Family.
He is married to Deepthi Samarakone, they have children Dhakshitha a BBM graduate in Finance from the Singapore Management University, Singapore and Dilshani Bogollagama a Medical student at the All India Institute of Medical Sciences, New Delhi, India.

</doc>
<doc id="19517975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19517975" title="Hermann Fehling (physician)">
Hermann Fehling (physician)

Hermann Johannes Karl Fehling (July 14, 1847 - November 11, 1925) was a German obstetrician and gynecologist who was a native of Stuttgart. He was the son of the chemist Hermann von Fehling (1811-1885).
In 1872 he received his medical doctorate from the University of Leipzig, and following graduation remained in Leipzig as an assistant to obstetrician Carl Siegmund Franz Credé (1819-1892). In 1877 he became director of the Württemberg state midwifery school in Stuttgart, and later accepted a teaching job at the University of Tübingen (1883). 
In 1887 he became a professor of obstetrics at the University of Basel, and afterwards served as a professor at the Universities of Halle (1894) and Strasbourg (1900). In the aftermath of World War I, Fehling along with other German professors were expelled from the University of Strasbourg. He eventually settled in Baden-Baden, where he died in 1925.
Hermann Fehling is considered to be one of the leading gynecologists of his era, and made contributions in his research of disorders that included eclampsia, rachitic pelvis and puerperal osteomalacia. In 1877, with Heinrich Fritsch (1844-1915), he founded the journal "Zentralblatt für Gynäkologie". 

</doc>
<doc id="19518009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518009" title="The Images (Tasmania)">
The Images (Tasmania)

The Images is a 0.53 ha group of rocky islets and reefs in south-eastern Australia. It is part of the Actaeon Island Group, lying close to the south-eastern coast of Tasmania, at the southern entrance to the D'Entrecasteaux Channel between Bruny Island and the mainland. It is a conservation area.
Flora and fauna.
Much of the group is bare of soil or vegetation, but the central section is dominated by dense and stunted blackwoods, matted extensively with blackberries. Recorded breeding seabird and wader species are the Pacific Gull and Sooty Oystercatcher. The Metallic Skink is present.

</doc>
<doc id="19518013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518013" title="Bureaupedia">
Bureaupedia

Bureaupedia is a wiki used internally at the FBI with the intention of capturing the knowledge of senior agents and reduce knowledge loss due to retirement.
Bureaupedia's existence was revealed in a September 2008 article in "Federal Computer Week".
FBI officials see Bureaupedia as a knowledge management tool that will let agents and analysts share their experiences to ensure that their accumulated insight remains after they retire. The project is a collaborative effort between the FBI’s chief knowledge officer and chief technology officer.
Critiques.
An earlier wiki, Intellipedia, had been established for similar purposes across the U.S. government's 16 intelligence agencies including the FBI, and it has been suggested that FBI staff should use that one instead of the new smaller-scope Bureaupedia. Wikipedia co-founder Jimmy Wales noted in testimony to Congress differences between vertical and horizontal information sharing and suggested that both could be successful e-government endeavors.

</doc>
<doc id="19518023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518023" title="Elluz Peraza">
Elluz Peraza

Elluz Coromoto Peraza González (born 26 January 1958 in Caracas, Venezuela) is a Venezuelan pageant titleholder and actress. Peraza was Miss Venezuela 1976, but she resigned on May 24, 1976, because she married two days after her coronation. First runner-up Judith Castillo of Nueva Esparta succeeded her.Now successfully working as a writer, producer and director at a Christian company, "yesHEis" doing short films to share through the internet. You can see her in some of those short films going to: es.yesheis.com
Personal life.
She was Miss Venezuela 1976, but only by 36 hours (she rejected her crown for marriage)
She was married to Jorge Martínez (2001–2002) (divorced), German Freites (1982–1984) (widowed) 1 child, and
Nehomar Bruzual (1976–1980) (divorced) 1 child. One grand daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="19518028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518028" title="Milk Morinaga">
Milk Morinaga

__TOC__
Works.
Tankōbon volumes.
Notes about this table: (1) romaji preserves original spelling for words with western etymology, for legibility. (2) Title translations are non-official unless otherwise indicated.
Chapters.
Stories included in the "Study After School" anthology:
Stories included in the "Amai Kuchibiru" anthology:

</doc>
<doc id="19518049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518049" title="Tom Snooks">
Tom Snooks

Thomas James Snooks (1890–1958) was a pioneering picture-show man and a developer-builder in the north-eastern suburbs of Perth, Western Australia. In addition to his professional interest in cabinet-making and building, Tom possessed a love for live theatre, staging a number of Gilbert and Sullivan productions in the (now defunct) Maylands Methodist hall, when he was in his early twenties. Not long after the First World War he began showing silent films at a number of venues in Maylands - at the Maylands town hall and the old Lyric Theatre - as well as in Bassendean, and Inglewood, under the business name Central Pictures. By staggering the starting times, Tom and his brothers were able to shuffle canisters of film between competing venues via a speeding motor cycle, thereby keeping the local police force on its toes. In the early days, Tom would go on stage to introduce the silent films, as he believed in the power of the word as well as the image.
Tom was born in Hawthorn, Victoria in 1890, and, when he was six or seven, migrated with his family to gold-booming Perth in order to escape financially depressed Melbourne. He attended state school in Subiaco, Western Australia in the late 1890s and early 1900s, after which the family moved to a hill-top property in Maylands. This rambling timber-clad house became the family headquarters of the extended Snooks clan until the 1970s. The expertise for both of Tom's business activities arose from his early training. When he began an apprenticeship in cabinet making he not only learnt woodworking skills but also imbibed his teacher's love of Shakespeare and the Romantic poets. It was Shakespeare who stimulated his lifelong interest in the performing arts. Tom, who prided himself on being a self-made man, had little time for formal education. He died prematurely in Inglewood in 1958 from a heart damaged by scarlet fever contracted in his youth.
Tom involved his entire family of four brothers (Jack, Ted, Harry, and Mick) and three sisters (Dorrie, Min, and Alice) in his expanding picture show business. The Snooks brothers enthusiastically took part in racing film canisters between cinemas, operating the film projectors (at the Civic Theatre, the centre of the business, the projector was on a swivel mount so that it could show films in either the theatre or the picture gardens), showing people to their seats, and "chucking out" troublesome patrons. The girls dispensed tickets, arranged refreshments, and looked after the accounts. From the 1940s to the early 1960s, the Snooks family continued to own the Civic property, but leased the film-showing business to Goldfields Pictures.
Tom Snooks was actively involved with the Civic Theatre site in Inglewood, Western Australia from the early 1920s until his death in 1958. It was in the early 1920s that Tom built the Piccadilly Picture Gardens, which was one of the first outdoor film-showing venues in the inner north-eastern suburbs. It was a structure that fascinated the local children, as it was built to resemble a castle, clad in appropriately painted corrugated iron. Owing to the success of this venture he reshaped the entire site in the early 1930s, building an indoor cinema with an adjoining picture gardens - now rechristened the Civic Theatre - together with a series of shops providing second-storey accommodation and two blocks of flats. He was the designer, builder, and owner of this prominent complex that occupies the corner of Beaufort Street and Dundas Road. Tom chose the name Civic because, like the clock tower that looked both ways along this arterial road, it looks the same from both directions. Being a thrifty man, the earlier name Piccadilly was reused for the new flats. This heritage-listed complex of buildings was redeveloped for residential purposes - owing to the demise of suburban cinemas in the face of television - between 2006 and 2008. The Janus-like clock tower, however, remains as a major local landmark.
Construction industry.
While the picture-show business absorbed a great deal of Tom's time at nights and weekends, it was not his main business. In his day job, Tom was partner and, after the early retirement of his father Thomas George Snooks (1860–1937), principal of T. Snooks & Son, a successful building firm, which had its offices in the second-storey rooms under the clock tower. At least one of Tom's grandsons - the historical economist Graeme Snooks - regularly delighted in climbing to the top of the tower to look out over the entire district, while his father (William Donald Snooks, 1920–1966) was otherwise occupied with the firm's accounts. T. Snooks & Son was responsible for building many houses and small businesses in the Maylands-Inglewood area and beyond. Until Tom retired in 1945, due to ill health, all the boys, together with their sister Min (in accounts), worked in his firm; thereafter they established their own building business called Snooks Bros, which continued operating until the mid-1960s. Tom Snooks, therefore, played a significant role in both building and entertaining this microcosm of interwar suburbia.
References.
1. M.D. Bell, "Perth: A Cinema History", Sussex,UK: Book Guild, 1986.
2. V. Geneve, "The picture gardens of Western Australia", National Trust of Western Australia, 1998.
3. V. Geneve, "Versions of Modernism in Western Australian Cinema Design, 1930-1940", MA thesis, University of Western Australia, 1991.
4. City of Stirling, Western Australia: Inglewood, "Significant Landmarks", [http://www.stirling.wa.gov.au/home/council/Suburbs/Inglewood.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="19518059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518059" title="Kondamuru">
Kondamuru

Kondamuru is a village in Prakasam District, Andhra Pradesh, India.
Educational facilities.
my village 1ststandard to 7thClass two MPUP SCHOOLS ONE AT VILLAGE AND 2nd AT HARIJANAWADA.
Temples.
CHENNAKESAVASWAMI TEMPLE, Sivalayamu, Ramalayam, Kondamuramma temple, polerammatemple, Anjaneyaswamy temple, Amkammatemple
Agriculture.
paddy, cotton, chelli, marize, & other N.Sagarcanel & tank water using the Agriculture
Politics.
CONGRESS, TDP Top parties SOME PRP

</doc>
<doc id="19518077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518077" title="María José Yéllici">
María José Yéllici

María José de las Mercedes Yéllici Sánchez is a pageant titleholder, was born in Madrid, Spain on May 12, 1945, and grew up in Caracas, Venezuela. Yéllici was the Miss Venezuela titleholder for 1969, and was the official representative of Venezuela to the Miss Universe 1969 pageant held in Miami Beach, Florida, USA, on July 19, 1969. 
She resigned on October, 1969, because she would marry three months after her coronation. First runner-up Marzia Piazza of Departamento Vargas succeeded her.

</doc>
<doc id="19518084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518084" title="J. H. Leopold">
J. H. Leopold

Jan Hendrik Leopold (May 11, 1865 – June 21, 1925) was a Dutch poet and classicist.
Leopold was born at 's-Hertogenbosch, Netherlands. After living in Arnhem he moved to Rotterdam early in 1892, where he became a teacher of classical languages at the Gymnasium Erasmianum.
He translated portions of "The Rubaiyat of Omar Khayyam" into Dutch.
He died in Rotterdam. The school commemorates him with a bronze and stone monument including his portrait and one of his poems.
External links.
In Dutch:

</doc>
<doc id="19518088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518088" title="Fender Tele Jr.">
Fender Tele Jr.

The Fender Tele Jr. (pronounced "Telly Junior") is a variant of the Fender Telecaster electric guitar, produced in a limited run of 100 by the Fender Custom Shop in the early 1990s. While its body shape and scale length are those of the Telecaster, many of its construction and electronic features are more similar to those of a Gibson Les Paul electric guitar.
While many Fender Custom Shop guitars are simply higher-quality, handmade versions of common Fender models, the Tele Jr. is unique in its appeal to guitarists who want something in between a Fender and a Gibson. Its Fender-standard scale length, chambered mahogany body, P-90 pickups, and other distinctive features contribute to the Tele Jr.'s unique sound. (The Custom Shop Tele Jr. should not be confused with the later, factory-production model of the same name.)
External links.
Official Site

</doc>
<doc id="19518091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518091" title="Donough O'Brien (author)">
Donough O'Brien (author)

Donough O’Brien (born 23 April 1939) is a marketing and public relations executive and author of books containing quirky facts.
Life.
O'Brien was born in London, the son of E.D. (Toby) O’Brien. His father helped to run Britain’s propaganda against the Nazis in World War II, was then the Conservative Party’s first professional Public Relations officer and later PR consultant. The O’Brien family is one of the oldest lines of descent in Europe, dating back from much earlier than the Irish High King Brian Boru (941-1014). 
O'Brien was educated at Stowe School and then at university in Paris and Munich. He served in the Irish Guards for four years as a National Service and then as a Short Service Officer. During the 1960s he lived in London sharing a flat with Hon. Brian Alexander (son of Earl Alexander of Tunis) and Patrick Lichfield Earl of Lichfield, known as a society photographer. At this time O'Brien combined his interest in painting and motor-racing to become a motor racing artist working for Shell, BP, Porsche and Mercedes Benz.
Public relations.
After a start in the Rank Organisation, O'Brien developed a broad-based marketing career in public relations, advertising, design and film-making. In 1987, his design company, Sampson Tyrrell was bought by WPP Group, now the largest marketing group in the world. He also founded, with Chris Spring, the New York-based Spring O’Brien Inc., a tourism and information technology marketing firm.
Writing.
O'Brien also went into authoring, his first illustrated book published in 2000 being "Fringe Benefits", which charted the lives of both Donough and his father Toby, with a foreword by Joanna Lumley He followed this by "Fame by Chance" in 2003 which identified places all over the world which had been made famous, or infamous, by a twist of fate. Peter Ackroyd, historian and author, in his foreword commented "I do not remember reading an anthology of places that became famous quite by chance. This book contains many such stories of fortuitous association, fascinating and surprising in equal measure. An unusual and compendious addition to the literature of famous topographies." "Banana Skins, the slips and screw-ups that brought the famous down to earth" was published in 2006 and "Numeroids, any number of things you didn’t know … and some you did" in 2008.
O'Brien’s uncle Turlough O’Brien was a publicist for the Home Office and then the Post Office.

</doc>
<doc id="19518101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518101" title="Sagyusam">
Sagyusam

The sagyusam is a type of "po" (포), or outer robe in hanbok, Korean traditional clothing, which was worn by young boys until they had a coming-of-age ceremony called "gwallye" (관례). The name was derived from the shape; the lower end of the garment is divided into four parts.

</doc>
<doc id="19518106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518106" title="Nuvoletta clan">
Nuvoletta clan

The Nuvoletta clan is a Neapolitan Camorra clan operating from the town of Marano di Napoli, situated on the northern outskirts of the city of Naples, southern Italy. 
History.
Background.
In the 1960s, Ciro, Lorenzo and Angelo Nuvoletta initially joined the clan of Antonio Maisto who was dealing in contraband cigarettes. After their early exploits with the Maisto clan, they diversified and became significant landowners using state funds designed to set up small agricultural landholdings. The made their fortune swindling the Italian government and the European Economic Community (EEC) and intimidating insurance officials, as well as local farmers who took loans from finance companies managed by the Nuvolettas. During the 1980s the Nuvoletta clan transformed into an international holding investing in agriculture, cleaning contracts, construction, drugs, fraud, stud farming and hotels. The legal assets of the clan amounted to US$ 280 million around 1990.
The Nuvoletta clan first began to appear in the news at the same time the Nuova Famiglia (NF) was formed. The NF was a federation of Camorra clans which apart from the Nuovoletta clan, consisted of Michele Zaza (a Camorra boss with strong ties with Cosa Nostra), the Gionta clan (from Torre Annunziata), Antonio Bardellino from San Cipriano d'Aversa and Casal di Principe, the Alfieri clan led by Carmine Alfieri, the Galasso clan of Poggiomarino (led by Pasquale Galasso), the Fabbrocino clan of the Vesuvius area (led by Mario Fabbrocino), the Giuliano clan from Naples' quarter Forcella (led by Luigi Giuliano) and the Vollaro clan from Portici (led by Luigi Vollaro). It was formed to contrast the growing power of Raffaele Cutolo's Nuova Camorra Organizzata (NCO).
Links with Cosa Nostra.
The clan's regent Lorenzo Nuvoletta was the heir to a family of landowners. His grandfather and then mother had accumulated large areas of land, with its fruit crops exported to other areas. The Nuvolettas had many significant and powerful contacts within the Sicilian Mafia, as a result of their relationship with the Sciorio family. Lorenzo's many telephone calls with Luciano Leggio, boss of the Corleonesi, were frequently intercepted by the Carabinieri. The Mafia "supergrasses", Tommaso Buscetta, Antonio Calderone and Salvatore Contorno, confirmed that the Nuvolettas had very close links with the Sicilian Mafia. 
While testifying in court, the Sicilian Mafia boss Tommaso Buscetta, who became a pentito (collaborator with Italian Justice), spoke of Lorenzo Nuvoletta: 
Likewise, the Catania Mafia boss, Antonino Calderone, recalled: 
After his collaboration with Italian Justice in 1992, Galasso clan boss Pasquale Galasso revealed details of further meetings held at Nuvoletta's villas in 1981. He mentioned that these meetings frequently involved representatives of all the major Camorra clans, with usually a hundred people present, many of them fugitives, as well as dozens of cars. He explained: 
Structure.
The clan was ruled by the three Nuvoletta brothers: Lorenzo, Ciro and Angelo. Lorenzo died in 1994 after a serious illness; Ciro, the most bloodthirsty of the group was killed in an ambush between the Nuvoletta's and the Bardellino-Gionta-Alfieri-Galasso-Verde. Angelo was the smartest of the brothers and literally the ""brains"" of the group, who was entrusted with the economic management of the group. Angelo was eventually arrested in May 2001, after having been on the list of thirty most dangerous fugitives in Italy since 1995. He was sentenced to life imprisonment for the murder of journalist, Giancarlo Siani.
Compared to the other Camorra clan in the 1980s and early 1990s, the Nuvoletta clan was almost unique in that they never had any high-level pentito. According to judge Giuseppe Borrelli, they were able to insulate themselves by adopting the cellular structure dominant within the Sicilian Mafia. As he explained: 
Activities.
The Nuvoletta clan is involved in mostly white collar rackets such as construction, supply of public entities, concrete manufacturing companies, cleaning companies and control of the operations of hotels. This is its economic empire as reconstructed by Anti-Mafia investigators, an empire with an annual turnover of 1,200 billion lire. A census taken of the part of their income from illegal activities in 1985, was estimated to be around 100,000 billion lire. In the early 1990s, this increased to 120,000 billion lire. Of these, 40,000 billion lire were proceeds from drug trafficking and 30,000 billion lire were from extortion.

</doc>
<doc id="19518122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518122" title="CMA CGM Medea">
CMA CGM Medea

CMA CGM Medea is a container ship built in 2006. Although she is among the largest in the world, she can carry four thousand fewer containers than the largest, "Emma Mærsk".
Design.
"CMA CGM Medes" was built in 2006 in the ship-yard of Hyundai Heavy Industries. She is long and has a beam of . The draft, while the ship is fully loaded can reach a maximum of . The ship has a deadweight tonnage of 113,909 metric tons and a gross tonnage of 107,711 gross tons. The large size makes the ship more profitable. The net tonnage of "CMA CGM Medea" is 50,109 net tons. The vessel has a capacity for 9,415 TEU, according to company calculations.
Engine equipment.
The main engine installed on board of "CMA CGM Medea" is Man B&W 12K98MC, which is both reliable and produces high power at low revolutions. This produces a cruising speed of 23.2 knots, with a maximum speed of 25.4 knots. In addition the ship has two bow thrusters with power of 2,500 kW each, for added manoeuvrability in ports.
Bridge equipment.
"CMA CGM Medea" is equipped with modern instruments to allow the plotting of the ship's position. The bridge equipment consists of GPS, dGPS, Automatic Identification System (AIS) and Automatic Radar Plotting Aid (ARPA), which usually allows the position of the ship to be plotted with an accuracy of 100 meters. The Electronic chart system - ECDIS plots the ship's position against charts automatically. The information from the AIS, ARPA and Radar is used to allow the bridge crew to accurately plot the positions of other ships in the vicinity.

</doc>
<doc id="19518132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518132" title="Robert L. Flurry">
Robert L. Flurry

Robert Luther Flurry, Jr. (November 15, 1933 – September 3, 2008) was a chemistry professor and researcher who authored three chemistry textbooks. After serving in the U.S. Navy as a musician, he received his B.A., M.S., and Ph.D. from Emory University and completed his post-doctoral studies at Illinois Institute of Technology. In 1962 he joined the faculty of the University of New Orleans and stayed there until his retirement. Flurry died of complications from Parkinson's disease.

</doc>
<doc id="19518141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518141" title="Short Stack">
Short Stack

Short Stack was an Australian pop punk band, formed in 2005. The band consisted of members Shaun Diviney, Andy Clemmensen and Bradie Webb. Their touring members included Luke Lukess, Sinj Clark, Lewis Usher, and Chris Smith. Shannon Hotchkins was also a member of Short Stack before any song was ever performed or recorded. Short Stack were twice named ]'s Oz Artist of the Year, and produced two gold-selling albums, three top ten singles, and ARIA number one chart award and a platinum-selling single. They have also shared the stage with artists such as McFly, Hellogoodbye, Simple Plan, Good Charlotte and The Veronicas, many of which while still completing their HSC. However, in 2012, the group split, releasing SOUL on YouTube, a song which was intended to be their next single. Their third album was released on 18 October, over a year and a half since the split. No comments have been made by any former members on its release, nor on the topic of Short Stack becoming a band once again, though the album's release has sparked rumours of a possible reformation of the band.
History.
2002–2005: Formation of Short Stack.
Shaun Diviney, Andy Clemmensen and Bradie Webb met on the train to the Hunter School of Performing Arts in Newcastle, New South Wales. Eventually, they decided to form a band and named it Short Stack. Originally, Shannon Hotchkins played drums, Webb played guitar, Clemmensen played bass and Diviney was the lead vocalist. However, after Hotchkins left, Diviney heard Webb playing on the drums and realised that he had the talent. So, Diviney became the lead vocalist and guitarist, Clemmensen stayed on bass, and Webb became the drummer.
2005–2008: Early years.
Three years after the band members met, they entered Youthrock, a competition for school-based bands. They failed to pass the first round in 2005, but were inspired to continue with their careers and made a limited-edition release of their first album, "One Size Fits All", produced by Webb. They saved up money, and later released around 40 copies throughout local schools and the community.
They later returned to Youthrock in 2006, placing third. This was where they met Trevor Steel and Chris Johns of indie label "Sunday Morning Records", who then signed the band in August 2007. Over time, Short Stack accumulated a dedicated fanbase of teenagers through social networking sites such as MySpace, Facebook, Twitter and YouTube. Their YouTube channel, well known for "Short Stack TV", has gained some attention on YouTube, including becoming the 29th most-viewed of all time Australian YouTube channel.
In 2008, Short Stack was awarded Channel V's Oz Artist of the Year Award, beating other popular acts such as The Getaway Plan, The Living End, The Veronicas and Kisschasy.
2009: "Stack Is the New Black" and "Sweet December".
On 14 August 2009, Short Stack released their debut album, "Stack Is the New Black". The band has released four singles, "Shimmy a Go Go", "Princess", "Sway, Sway Baby!" and "Ladies & Gentlemen". "Sway, Sway Baby!" debuted at number 2 on the ARIA singles chart, making it the highest ranking debut on the week of its release; it dropped 25 places during the following week.
Short Stack was awarded runner-up of the Oz Artist of the Year 2009, losing the award to Kisschasy.
It was announced that Short Stack would release "Ladies & Gentlemen" and "Sweet December" as well as songs remixed by Bradie, on an EP. The EP was released on 11 December. "Sweet December" debuted at number 8 on the ARIA singles chart.
2010–2011: "This Is Bat Country".
On 29 July 2010 on his Twitter, Diviney announced that the first single from their second album would be titled "Planets" and it would be released as an EP. This EP includes the songs "I Will. I Will. I Will.", "Electric Romantics" and "In My Hands".
On 24 September, to coincide with the release of "Planets", Short Stack performed the song live at Federation Square in Melbourne. The event was televised live on "Sunrise".
In an interview with The Music Network, the band revealed the new album was produced by Lee Groves and would be released in November. Shaun Diviney also announced a new orchestral sound, stating: "We've been having fun looking backward through music rather than going down the electro-pop route which everybody seems to be doing now." Webb added: "It's a lot more laid back. Less thrashy, more sexy."
Their second album, "This Is Bat Country", was released on 12 November 2010. "Planets" was included on the album.
The second single that was released from "This Is Bat Country" is titled "We Dance to a Different Disco, Honey". On 18 October, Short Stack performed "Planets" live on "The X Factor". On the same day, "This Is Bat Country" became available for pre-order, with a collector's limited edition pack including an action figure of the band and an exclusively signed poster.
On 2 November, Universal Music Australia confirmed that Short Stack would appear on the cover of issue #709 of the Australian edition of "Rolling Stone" magazine. In November, Short Stack won their second Oz Artist of the Year Award from Channel V, beating artists such as Bliss n Eso, the John Butler Trio and Amy Meredith.
Also in November, Short Stack went on a meet and greet tour around the country to promote the release of "This Is Bat Country". On 14 November, they performed "Planets" and "We Dance to a Different Disco, Honey" on "Telethon". The third single from "This Is Bat Country", "Heartbreak Made Me a Killer", was released as an EP on 25 March 2011. Short Stack opened for Good Charlotte as part of their Cardiology Tour in Australia in April 2011.
Short Stack toured Australia on their "This Is Bat Country" tour in July 2011. On 11 May 2011, Diviney appeared on the panel of the ABC game show "Spicks and Specks".
2011–2012: "Bang Bang Sexy" and the end of Short Stack.
Their last single "Bang Bang Sexy" was released on 19 September 2011.
Short Stack were nominated to win Channel V's Oz Artist of the Year. They made the top 4 alongside 360, Guy Sebastian and New Empire.
The band also released their first documentary, "The Story of Short Stack", based on their road to success. It was directed, produced and edited by Clemmensen. In the documentary, the name of the new album was released as "Art Vandelay", as well as the track listing for that album.
On 30 March 2012, Short Stack announced via their Facebook page that they would no longer be making music together stating that "even though we are no longer making music, we still remain the closest friends." Along with the announcement they released their last ever song and music video, "S.O.U.L.". This also halted the making of "Art Vandelay" and concluded Short Stack forever.
After Short Stack.
Shaun Diviney has continued his music career, which he is enthusiastic about. He made a trip to Los Angeles in mid-2012 to write some more music for his solo career. Diviney also announced that Webb is likely to continue his career in producing music and that Andy aims to pursue a future in film directing.
On 15 October 2012, it was announced that Clemmensen would make an appearance in the long-running soap opera "Neighbours". Clemmensen's character, Harry Vass, competes against Sophie Ramsay (Kaiya Jones) during an open mic night.
Shaun Diviney's new project/band, Diviney announced a tour of Australia, playing in Brisbane, Sydney and Melbourne. In a Q&A Diviney posted, they announced that they would also tour England and release their first studio album and single during 2013. On 23 December 2012, Diviney announced their Sydney gig was sold out, the first (and currently only) of the shows to sell out. Diviney's debut EP "Sex Games" was released on 28 June 2013, and was a success, topping Australian rock album charts within hours of its release.
"Art Vandelay" was officially released on Friday, 18 October 2013 on iTunes and for stream on Spotify.
Touring.
Short Stack toured several times, to promote each of their albums, and often held meet-and-greets.
Awards.
APRA Awards.
The APRA Awards are presented annually from 1982 by the Australasian Performing Right Association (APRA), "honouring composers and songwriters".

</doc>
<doc id="19518154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518154" title="Not Bad for a Girl">
Not Bad for a Girl

Not Bad for a Girl is a rockumentary on women musicians of the 90s from the indie rock music genre grunge and riot grrrl and celebrates madness, creativity, and gender play. Tina Silvey was the executive producer. Silvey Co. producing MTV music videos for most of the well known indie grunge/indie bands including: Nirvana, Red Hot Chili Peppers, Jane's Addiction, Sonic Youth, Soundgarden, Alice in Chains, Mudhoney, Stone Temple Pilots, The Smashing Pumpkins, Liquid Jesus, Concrete Blonde, and The Replacements. Not Bad for a Girl was written, directed, produced and shot by rock phenomenologist feminist Lisa Rose Apramian, edited, shot and co-produced by Kyle C. Kyle, drummer for Venus and the Razorblades, the Motels, Wafflebutt, and the Wild Stares and co-produced by Courtney Love and Kurt Cobain. A DVD, with a booklet, is available for purchase at the official website and a release date for the sequel book is in the works. Awarded Best Documentary at the New York Underground Film Festival 1996, Nominated: Best Director, 19th Atlanta Film and Video Festival 1995.
The bands featured in the film were Hole, L7, Lunachicks, Babes in Toyland, Joan Jett, Calamity Jane, Bulimia Banquet, The Mudwimin, Silverfish, 7 Year Bitch, Bratmobile, Bikini Kill. Courtney Love and Kurt Cobain provided funding for the film.
Cara-Beth Burnside is also featured on the beginning and end titles. At that time she was the best female ramp skate boarder and snow boarder in the world.
The documentary features in-depth interviews with every band member, including Donita Sparks and Jennifer Finch from L7, Courtney Love from Hole, Kat Bjelland from Babes in Toyland, and Becky Wreck from the Lunachicks along with clips from live performances from 1989-1994. It also features female rock communities including riot grrrl and the first annual Riot Grrl Convention, Rock 'n' Roll High School of Melbourne Australia, and the Feminist Majority Foundation sponsored "Rock for Choice" benefits with L7/ Joan Jett. According to press releases, the film explores themes such as the musicians' relationship to creativity and music, the negotiation of gender identity and gender performance (feminist term coined by Judith Butler) through rock, subversion of stereotypes and gendered expectations through stage play performances and stylization of the body, and the processes of healing and reclaiming through musical expressions.
The sequel Not Bad for a Girl book contains images, anecdotes, reviews, interviews from many more bands unable to fit into the original including Bikini Kill, Bratmobile, Strangefruit, 7 Year Bitch, Tribe 8, Dickless, Girl in a Coma and rock musicians in France, Japan, Brazil, Italy and the Middle East.
Screenings.
The film was screened at film festivals, including the following:
First Annual Los Angeles Independent Film Festival, Directors Guild of America and Raleigh Studios, Los Angeles, CA, April, 1995
22nd Athens International Film and Video Festival, Athens, OH, May 1995
19th Atlanta Film and Video Festival, Nominated: Best Director, Atlanta GA, June 1995
Le Nouveau Festival, now called Festival du Nouveau Cinema, International Cinema Video, Montreal, Quebec, CA
June 1995
44th Melbourne International Film Festival, Melbourne, Australia, June 1995
42nd Sydney Film Festival, Sydney, Australia, June 1995
5th Jump Cut International Film Festival, Perth, Australia, July 1995
Festival Internacional de Cinema, Lisboa, Portugal, Aug-September 1995
Hamburg International Film Festival, Hamburg, Germany September 1995
31st Chicago International Film Festival, Chicago, Il, October 1995
Musik-Film Fest: International Film Festival, Amsterdam, The Netherlands,
October 1995
Sinking Creek Film Festival (Nashville Film Festival)
November 1995
Third Annual New York Underground Film Festival, New York Film Academy, Winner: Best Documentary Feature, March 1996
18th Créteil International Women's Film Festival: Films des Femmes, Créteil, France, March 1996
21st Berlin International Film Festival, Berlin, Germany, March 1996
Reel Music Film Festival, Northwest Film Center, Portland, OR April 1996
4th Annual Boston International Festival of Women’s Cinema, Brattle Theatre, Cambridge, MA April/May 1996
One Reel Film Festival, Bumbershoot, Seattle WA, August 1996
Underground Film Festival, Honolulu Museum of Art, Honolulu, HI, November 1996
Third Sheffield International Documentary Festival, Sheffield, UK 1996
German Film Institute Festival, Berlin, Germany, January 1997
20th Anniversary International Gay and Lesbian Film Festival, Gay Pride Week, San Francisco, CA June 1997
In addition to these festivals, it was also screened at the following universities, museums and conferences:
Hallwalls Contemporary Arts Center, Women in Film Series, Tribute to Ginger Rogers, Buffalo, NY, Winter 1993 (screened as a work-in-progress)
University of Minnesota Film Society, University Film Center, Fall 1994
Boston University, Film Dept, Boston, MA, Fall 1995
Portland Art Museum, Rock Documentaries, Portland, OR, Winter 1996
21st Annual Feminist Psychology Conference, Association for Women in Psychology, Oregon, Winter 1996
Bowling Green State University, Women’s Studies, Bowling Green, OH, February 1996
Washington State University, American Studies, “American Movement Cultures: Boundaries, Bodies, Borders,” Pullman, WA, Spring 1996
University of Southern California, Women’s Studies, Los Angeles, CA, Spring 1996
University of Southern California, Dept of Communication: Popular Culture, Los Angeles, CA, Spring 1996
Madison University, Women’s Studies, Gulfport, MS, Spring 1996
University of Washington, Women’s Studies, Seattle, WA, 1997
Harvard University, Women’s Studies, Cambridge, MA, November 1997
Long Beach Museum of Art, Long Beach, CA, February 1999
University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, Michigan, 2001
Its art house and theatrical screenings include:
ED VIC MOVIE HOUSE, San Francisco, CA, August, 1996
FILMHOUSE, Edinburgh, Scotland, May 1996
DEUTSCHE INSTITUTE FUR FILMKIND, Amsterdam, Netherlands, October 1996
NUART THEATER, Los Angeles, CA, October 18–24, 1996
CINEMA DU PARC, Montreal, Quebec, Canada, November 1–14, 1996
CINEMA VILLAGE, New York, NY, November 22–29, 1996
NEIGHBORHOOD FILM SOCIETY, Philadelphia, PA, December 11–13, 1996
WINNIPEG FILM GROUP, Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada, December 11–14, 1996
CINEMATEQUE, Cleveland, OH, January 18–19, 1997
BRATTLE THEATER, Cambridge, MA, February 4, 1997
CINEFEST FILM THEATRE, Cambridge, MA, February 18–19, 1997
BRATTLE THEATRE, Cambridge, MA Return Engagement, March 11, 1997
ROXIE THEATER, San Francisco, CA, April 1–3, 1997
LARK THEATER, Larkspur, CA, April 4–5, 1997
WORMWOOD’S THEATRE, Halifax, NS, Canada, April 11–14, 1997
ROXIE THEATER, San Francisco, CA Return Engagement, April 18–25. 1997

</doc>
<doc id="19518194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518194" title="Elden Lyon Park">
Elden Lyon Park

Eldon Lyon Park is the largest park owned and operated by the city of Bethany, Oklahoma. It contains many picnic tables, basketball courts, and a 1 mile track running around the perimeter of the park. 
During the 4th of July, the park is home of the Bethany Freedom Celebration. The Freedom Celebration includes rides, food, crafts booths, concerts, and fireworks.

</doc>
<doc id="19518200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518200" title="1994 Chatham Cup">
1994 Chatham Cup

The 1994 Chatham Cup was the 67th annual nationwide knockout football competition in New Zealand.
Up to the last 16 of the competition, the cup was run in three regions (northern, central, and southern), with an open draw from the quarter-finals on. National League teams received a bye until the third round (last 64). In all, 141 teams took part in the competition, which consisted of a preliminary round followed by five rounds proper, quarter-finals, semi-finals, and a final. Note: Different sources give different numberings for the rounds of the competition. Some record five rounds prior to the quarter-finals; others note a preliminary round followed by four full rounds. The first of these notations is used in this article.
The 1994 final.
Waitakere City won the final, part of a 31-match undefeated run in all competitions.
The Jack Batty Memorial Cup is awarded to the player adjudged to have made to most positive impact in the Chatham Cup final. The winner of the 1994 Jack Batty Memorial Cup was Ivan Vicelich of Waitakere City.

</doc>
<doc id="19518215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518215" title="Kamakura Valley">
Kamakura Valley

The is a geographical area that is located in the Rokko Mountains, Hyogo, Japan. This valley is a part of Setonaikai National Park in Japan. 
History.
The name of Kamakura Valley originated in a historical episode that in the 13th century, Hōjō Tokiyori, one of Shikken, namely the regent for the shogun in the Kamakura shogunate, visited this valley and praised the beauty.
Geography.
This valley is along Funazaka River, which is a branch of the Muko River. The length of the valley is about two kilometers. This valley was made by the river invaded liparite, so we can see high stone wall of liparite along the river.This valley has the famous Hyakujo Rock as the rand mark and a popular rock climbing spot of this region.

</doc>
<doc id="19518228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518228" title="Ararat Hills">
Ararat Hills

The Ararat Hills are a mountain range in Humboldt County, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="19518234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518234" title="Sonar Tire">
Sonar Tire

SonarTir () is one of the brands of Nankang Rubber Tire Corp., Ltd.(). Established in 1996, at Taipei city, Taiwan. Its factory is located in the city of Hsinchu, Taiwan, which produces tires of UHP, LTR, 4x4, Snow, and SUV. In 2008, SonarTir has a sales and distribution network in more than 50 countries worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="19518265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518265" title="Nazrul Kader">
Nazrul Kader

Nazrul Kader, also known as Lintu, was a left arm spin bowler from Bangladesh. He was a member of the Bangladesh cricket team that played against the MCC in the historical match at Dhaka in 1976-77.
Bowling action.
Though he was a spin bowler, he had the fast run up of a left arm seamer. Unlike most other left arm spinners, he mostly bowled over the wicket. He was quicker than most spinners, and he surprised many batsman with his pace. He also had a good "Chinaman" (the wrong one of the left arm spinner).
International career.
He had a brief, but highly successful international career. In the historical match at Dhaka, he was the most successful bowler for the local side taking 4/54. In February 1978, he bowled well against the touring Decan Blues side of India. After the match the Indian captain, Ajit Wadekar described him as the best Bangladeshi bowler.
Lintu enjoyed his most successful season in 1978-79, against the touring MCC side. His figures include, 4/49 at Jessore, 5/67 at Rajshahi, 4/58 at Chittagong, 3/79 and 3/29 at Dhaka. With his spinning partners, Omar Khaled Rumy and Ashraful Haque giving him excellent support, he completely mesmerized the MCC batsman. Only the former test players, Conrad Hunte (West Indies) and John Jameson (England) showed the necessary technique to handle him.
The spinning trio.
At a time when the famed spinning quartet of India, (Chandra, Bedi, Prasanna and Venkat) were coming to the ends of their careers, the spinning trio of Bangladesh were just beginning to make their mark on international cricket. Helping Nazrul Kader, was Omar Khaled Rumy, a leg-spin/googly bowler, and Syed Ashraful Haq, an orthodox off spin bowler. Especially during the 78-79 season the trio was in full flow. The slow turning pitches were suitable to them. At Jessore Rumy (4/30) and Lintu (4/49) bowled the MCC out for only 166. At Dhaka, Lintu with 3/79, Rumy with 3/63 and Ashraful with 2/1 bowled the opposition for a mere 210. The trio were lucky to have Shafiq-ul-Haq Hira behind the stumps, as Hira was an expert in keeping to the slow bowlers. Keeping to Lintu was a special challenge, because of his extra pace, but Hira was up to the task.
An abrupt end.
During the summer of 1979, Bangladesh made their international debut abroad taking part in the first ICC Trohpy in England. With the successes against the MCC behind him, Lintu was a certainty for the tour. Yet, when the team was announced astonishingly his name was missing. It was a sort of a disciplnary action for his missing the month-long physical training camp. Now, Lintu apart from being a brilliant left arm spinner, was a highly meritorious student. At that time, he was studying engineering at BUET. Attending the camp would have meant missing a whole academic year.
This exclusion pretty much ended Lintu's brief international career. Soon, he went abroad for further studies, and instead of concentrating on cricket he pursued his career as an engineer. This decision, though sad, wasn't uncommon in the 70s and 80s. With Bangladesh cricket very much at the amateur stages, a number of other cricketers (Mainu, Shirazi, Misha to name a few) gave their professional career greater importance than cricket. Things only changed in later part of the 80s.
The big loss.
Lintu's unfortunate departure was a big loss for Bangladesh cricket. Bangladesh had to wait for another decade before the arrival of the next quality left-arm spinner (Enamul Haq Moni). Even now, many consider Lintu to be the greatest left-arm spinner to come from Bangladesh.

</doc>
<doc id="19518292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518292" title="La Marina">
La Marina

La Marina is a coastal village administered by the city of Elche, in the province of Alicante on Spain's Costa Blanca. Nearby inland is a large urbanisation built from the mid-1980s onwards confusingly also called La Marina: more correctly called Urbanisation La Marina. The village is on the Costa Azul bus route providing access northwards to Alicante and southbound to Torrevieja and ultimately Cartagena.

</doc>
<doc id="19518297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518297" title="Janis Spindel">
Janis Spindel

Janis Spindel, of Janis Spindel Serious Matchmaking, Inc., is an upscale matchmaker, author, and entrepreneur.
She started her business, Janis Spindel Serious Matchmaking, Inc. in 1993. According to her website, she created this business after she had matched fourteen different couples together and they all ended up getting married within one year. Her company is headquartered in New York City on the Upper East Side of Manhattan and in the summer months, she opens up her office out in the Hamptons in addition to her headquarters in New York. Although she is located in New York, she travels all over the country and even Canada for her clients. Her website was launched in 2005. She originally worked with both men and women as her clients, but has now narrowed down her clientele to only men and she specializes in upscale professionals who range in ages of 27 to 78.
Spindel is a former fashion executive. Prior to matchmaking, she was the proprietor of 9 retail locations of "Mommy and Me." 
She is involved in multiple charities and charitable events including The Libby Ross Foundation, Susan G. Komen Foundation, City Meals On Wheels and St. Judes Hospital.
Books.
Her first book, "Get Serious About Getting Married: 365 Proven Ways to Find Love in Less Than a Year" was published by Harper Collins/Regan Books in January 2006. The book hit the New York Times Best Seller list upon its release. 
Her second book, “How to Date Men: Dating Secrets from Americas Top Matchmaker” was released in August 2007. It was published by Plume/U.S. Penguin Group, and also hit the New York Times Best Seller list. An article in New York Times addressed the issues that the book touches upon. “Ms. Spindel’s guide addresses typical benchmarks like the first and second date, a relationship’s failure to thrive and adjustment issues…” 

</doc>
<doc id="19518308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518308" title="SimRank">
SimRank

SimRank is a general similarity measure, based on a simple and intuitive graph-theoretic model.
SimRank is applicable in any domain with object-to-object relationships, that measures similarity of the structural context in which objects occur, based on their relationships with other objects.
Effectively, SimRank is a measure that says "two objects are similar if they are related to similar objects."
Introduction.
Many applications require a measure of "similarity" between objects.
One obvious example is the "find-similar-document" query,
on traditional text corpora or the World-Wide Web.
More generally, a similarity measure can be used to cluster objects, such as for collaborative filtering in a recommender system, in which “similar” users and items are grouped based on the users’ preferences.
Various aspects of objects can be used to determine similarity, usually depending on the domain and the appropriate definition of similarity for that domain.
In a document corpus, matching text may be used, and for collaborative filtering, similar users may be identified by common preferences.
SimRank is a general approach that exploits the object-to-object relationships found in many domains of interest.
On the Web, for example, two pages are related if there are hyperlinks between them.
A similar approach can be applied to scientific papers and their citations, or to any other document corpus with cross-reference information.
In the case of recommender systems, a user’s preference for an item constitutes a relationship between the user and the item.
Such domains are naturally modeled as graphs, with nodes representing objects and edges representing relationships.
The intuition behind the SimRank algorithm is that, in many domains, similar objects are related to similar objects.
More precisely, objects formula_1 and formula_2 are similar if they are related to objects formula_3 and formula_4, respectively, and formula_3 and formula_4 are themselves similar.
The base case is that objects are similar to themselves
It is important to note that SimRank is a general algorithm that determines only the similarity of structural context.
SimRank applies to any domain where there are enough relevant relationships between objects to base at least some notion of similarity on relationships.
Obviously, similarity of other domain-specific aspects are important as well; these can — and should be combined with relational structural-context similarity for an overall similarity measure.
For example, for Web pages SimRank can be combined with traditional textual similarity; the same idea applies to scientific papers or other document corpora.
For recommender systems, there may be built-in known similarities between items (e.g., both computers, both clothing, etc.), as well as similarities between users (e.g., same gender, same spending level).
Again, these similarities can be combined with the similarity scores that are computed based on preference patterns, in order to produce an overall similarity measure.
Basic SimRank equation.
For a node formula_7 in a graph, we denote by formula_8 and formula_9 the set of in-neighbors and out-neighbors of formula_7, respectively.
Individual in-neighbours are denoted as formula_11, for formula_12, and individual
out-neighbors are denoted as formula_13, for formula_14.
Let us denote the similarity between objects formula_1 and formula_2 by formula_17. 
Following the earlier motivation, a recursive equation is written for formula_18.
If formula_19 then formula_18 is defined to be formula_21.
Otherwise,
where formula_23 is a constant between formula_24 and formula_21.
A slight technicality here is that either formula_1 or formula_2 may not have any in-neighbors.
Since there is no way to infer any similarity between formula_1 and formula_2 in this case, similarity is set to formula_30, so the summation in the above equation is defined to be formula_24 when formula_32 or formula_33.
Computing SimRank.
A solution to the SimRank equations for a graph formula_34 can be reached by iteration to a fixed-point.
Let formula_35 be the number of nodes in formula_34.
For each iteration formula_37, we can keep formula_38 entries formula_39 of length formula_38, where formula_41 gives the score between formula_1 and formula_2 on iteration formula_37.
We successively compute formula_45 based on formula_39.
We start with formula_47 where each formula_48 is a lower bound on the actual SimRank score formula_18:
To compute formula_51 from formula_39, we use the basic SimRank equation to get:
for formula_54, and formula_55 for formula_19.
That is, on each iteration formula_57, we update the similarity of formula_58 using the similarity scores of the neighbours of formula_58 from the previous iteration formula_37 according to the basic SimRank equation.
The values formula_39 are nondecreasing as formula_37 increases.
It was shown in that the values converge to limits satisfying the basic SimRank equation, the SimRank scores formula_63, i.e., for all formula_64, formula_65.
The original SimRank proposal suggested choosing the decay factor formula_66 and a fixed number formula_67 of iterations to perform.
However, the recent research showed that the given values for formula_23 and formula_69 generally imply relatively low accuracy of iteratively computed SimRank scores.
For guaranteeing more accurate computation results, the latter paper suggests either using a smaller decay factor (in particular, formula_70) or taking more iterations.

</doc>
<doc id="19518351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518351" title="Carpet plot">
Carpet plot

A carpet plot is any of a few different specific types of plot. The more common plot referred to as a carpet plot is one that illustrates the interaction between two or more independent variables and one or more dependent variables in a two-dimensional plot. Besides the ability to incorporate more variables, another feature that distinguishes a carpet plot from an equivalent contour plot or 3D surface plot is that a carpet plot can be used to more accurately interpolate data points. A conventional carpet plot can capture the interaction of up to three independent variables and three dependent variables and still be easily read and interpolated.
Carpet plots have common applications within areas such as material science for showing elastic modulus in laminates, and within aeronautics.
Another plot sometimes referred to as a carpet plot is the temporal raster plot. 
Variants.
Three-variable carpet plot (cheater plot).
A carpet plot with two independent variables and one dependent variable is often called a cheater plot for the use of a phantom "cheater" axis in lieu of the horizontal axis. As a result of this missing axis, the values can be shifted horizontally such that the intersections line up vertically.This allows for easy interpolation by having fixed horizontal intervals correspond to fixed intervals in both independent variables. The horizontal shift must sometimes be adjusted in order to eliminate or mitigate overlapping. Depending on the data being depicted, eliminating overlapping is not always possible. The common solution is to split the plot into two carpets.
Four-variable carpet plot (true carpet plot).
Instead of using the horizontal axis to adjust the plot perspective and align carpet intersections vertically, the horizontal axis can be used to show the effects on an additional dependent variable. In this case the perspective is fixed, and any overlapping cannot be adjusted. Because a true carpet plot represents two independent variables and two dependent variables simultaneously, there is no corresponding way to show the information on a conventional contour plot or 3D surface plot.
Carpet plot with isolines.
To add an additional dependent variable, isolines that are a function of the two independent variables can be added within the carpet to create a contour plot in the carpet domain. Contours can be added to cheater plots as well as to true carpet plots.
Lattice plot.
The effects of an additional independent variable can be visualized via multiple carpets on the same plot corresponding to different values of the third independent variable. If the intersections are connected, a lattice appears. For an intermediate value, a whole carpet can be interpolated using the lattice lines. This technique may result in too much overlapping of carpets in a true carpet plot but is always possible for a cheater plot because the separation of the additional carpets can be adjusted on the phantom horizontal axis.

</doc>
<doc id="19518393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518393" title="Gray Hills">
Gray Hills

The Gray Hills are a mountain range in Lyon County, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="19518402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518402" title="Yuma Asami">
Yuma Asami

Life and career.
AV debut - S1 and Alice Japan.
Asami was born in Gunma prefecture on March 24, 1987, and made her AV debut in October 2005 at the age of 18. She has been under contract from 2005 with two large Japanese AV studios, Alice Japan and S1 No. 1 Style. She has made about one movie a month for each of them since the beginning of her career. Most of her videos with S1 have been with director Hideto Aki while her Alice Japan videos have been primarily directed by Yuji Sakamoto. Both studios specialize in the "softer" type of pornography with straight sex scenes involving a solo actress, little or no storyline, and an avoidance of the more extreme activities of Japanese porn.
Asami has been one of the most popular AV actresses in Japan since her debut and has regularly placed at the very top in DVD sales and rentals. The DMM website listing of the top 100 AV actresses by sales ranked her as number 1 in both 2006 and 2007.
Asami has been involved with a number of unusual projects for Alice Japan, mostly with director KENGO. Among these are "Amateur Actor Audition – Yuma Asami", released in 2007, with a plot where she supposedly interviews 10 potential AV actors between the ages of 19 and 41 and tests their abilities. On the opposite side of the coin, in the 2008 video "AV Actress Audition – Yuma Asami", the storyline has her acting as the company rep interviewing and coaching 10 aspiring AV actresses. In another video from 2008 ("Number One Idol Yuma Asami Produce Real Virgins") she meets specially selected "virgin" fans who are gently initiated by the actress.
Asami was recognized by AV fans for her work by winning the Grand Prix award at the 2006 AV Actress Grand Prix. In 2007 her S1 video "Hyper Risky Mosaic – Special Bath House Tsubaki" made with 11 other S1 actresses won the First Place Award at the 2007 AV Open competition. In addition, at the annual 2008 Adult Broadcasting Awards, a competition among adult TV channels on satellite broadcaster SKY PerfecTV!, Asami won the award for "Most Appearances" in 2007. She "wowed the crowd" by bending over several times to expose the tops of her breasts. Her November 2008 video "Double Risky Mosaic, Rio & Yuma" was the S1 entry in the 2009 AV GrandPrix where it won the top GrandPrix Award as well as taking the prizes for DVD Sales and Package Design, the Retailers Award, and the Best Featured Actress Video Award.
In June 2010, Asami starred in one of the first two AVs made in 3D, the S1 produced "Attracting The Best Stereoscopic 3D Yuma Asami Sex BODY". The release of the two videos matched the introduction of 3D televisions by Sony and Panasonic and were expected to increase sales of the TVs. When the major Japanese adult video distributor DMM held a poll of its customers in 2012 to choose the 100 all time best AV actresses to celebrate the 30th anniversary of adult videos in Japan, Asami took second place.
Non-AV appearances.
In addition to her hardcore video activities, Asami has also made several "gravure" videos, which are essentially glamour films which may include nudity but no sexual acts. She was the star of the softcore direct-to-video (V-Cinema) erotic action flick directed by Yoshikazu Katō. The video, released by GP Museum in October 2006, also featured AV and pink film actress Lemon Hanazawa.
Asami also worked in television, performing in the J-dorama "Shimokita GLORY DAYS" (下北GLORY DAYS) along with fellow S1 actresses Sora Aoi and Honoka and singer-actress Aya Sugimoto. The 12 week series aired on TV Tokyo beginning in April 2006. She played the character "Komori Miha" in the series which was based on the manga of the same name and revolved about a ronin student moving to Tokyo and sharing a house with several beautiful women. In 2007 she appeared in Episode 5 of the late night TV Asahi erotic drama . Asami also had a role in the 2009 sequel to the manga-based TV Tokyo series "Jōō Virgin" (嬢王 Virgin). The series about kyabakura hostesses also featured AV actresses Sora Aoi, Akiho Yoshizawa and Saori Hara.
In another genre, she was also in an erotic horror "pink film", , directed by Hideo Jojo and co-starring Japanese AV actress Yuria Hidaka. In the movie, which premiered in Osaka April 2008, Asami is the mysterious and deadly proprietess of an inn. The film was released as a DVD in October 2008.
In October 2010, Asami starred in "Shinshaku: Yojōhan fusuma no shitabari" (新釈　四畳半襖の下張り), a "new interpretation" (Shinshaku) of the 1973 "pink film" "The World of Geisha" based on the novel by Kafū Nagai. The film was directed by former AV actress Kyōko Aizome and also featured Kyoko Hayami who had appeared in the 2003 cult hit "The Glamorous Life of Sachiko Hanai". The film was released as a DVD in January 2011. She also starred in two more "pink films" for Shintōhō Eiga directed by Kyōko Aizome, the June 2011 in the role of Sada Abe, and the December 2012 based on a novel by Oniroku Dan.
Asami played the role of Oshichi in the mainstream erotic period drama . The film, directed by Hajime Hashimoto and released in June 2013, was based on the kabuki play "Sakura Hime Azuma Bunsho" with a modern twist.
Other activities.
In 2006, Asami was featured as a Cabaret Club hostess in the PlayStation 2 videogame Yakuza 2. She debuted as a singer with the J-pop CD, "Resolution", in January 2008. The CD was packaged with a bonus DVD which includes images, a making-of video and a music video. She was also a member and sometimes leader of the J-pop girl's group "Ebisu Muscats" from its foundation in 2008 until its final concert in April 2013.
She has also been active in advertising making promotional videos for the adult website Tospo.jp with the QR Code for their site covering her breasts. She also appears on a T-shirt marketed in a collaboration between Cex Work, a new company started up by photographer Yasumasa Yonehara, and the apparel label "THE MASK". The T-shirt, released in October 2007, featured a semi-nude photo of Asami taken by Yonehara.
Cancer.
Asami announced on June 6, 2013, that she had had surgery in February 2013 to remove an ovarian tumor and was currently undergoing treatment and chemotherapy. The tumor was discovered when Asami had an MRI scan because of stomach problems. After removing her uterus and ovaries, the doctors described the cancer as borderline malignant and classified the tumor as Stage 3 (out of four) as to development. An update from August 2013 reported that she had undergone six chemotherapy treatments and was "on the road to recovery."

</doc>
<doc id="19518407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518407" title="Halfpint Range">
Halfpint Range

The Halfpint Range is a mountain range in Nye County, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="19518410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518410" title="Utah College of Applied Technology">
Utah College of Applied Technology

Utah College of Applied Technology (UCAT) is a system of eight regional applied technology college (ATC) campuses in the state of Utah. UCAT is a public post-secondary institution and is governed by an 18-member Utah College of Applied Technology Board of Trustees. The UCAT president is the chief executive officer of the Board of Trustees and carries out the day-to-day business of the College. Each regional applied technology college campus has a board of directors composed of business and education leaders from the region who provide advice about the current needs of employers for technically-skilled workers. Each regional applied technology college campus is led by a campus president who serves as chief administrative officer.
During the 2012-13 academic year UCAT served over 35,000 part and full-time students. About 25% of UCAT's students are high school-age students who spend part of their day learning technical skills at regional applied technology college campus. About 75% of UCAT's students are adults who are seeking new skills to obtain employment or are upgrading their current employability skills. UCAT students who complete their training programs are awarded certificates that indicate the mastery of specific employability competencies in their area of study.
Another feature of UCAT is its Custom Fit program which served approximately 14,000 students during the 2012-13 academic year. Custom Fit works with Utah companies to address their identified need for increasing the skills of incumbent employees. Utah companies utilizing the Custom Fit program provide a 50% or more company cash contribution to the cost of the program.
Each regional campus of the Utah College of Applied Technology is accredited by the Council on Occupational Education. This national accrediting body specializes in accrediting career and technical education institutions that focus on a technically-trained workforce.
Utah College of Applied Technology headquarters are located at:
2801 N Ashton Boulevard
Lehi, Utah 84043
Phone: (801) 341-6000
Fax: (801) 341-6019
UCAT website:
www.ucat.edu
UCAT President: Robert O. Brems
Vice President for Instruction/Student Services: Jared Haines
Vice President for Finance and Administrative Services: Tyler Brinkerhoff
Director of Public Relations: Jordan Rushton"'
Regional Campuses.
BATC Campus President, Richard Maughan
DATC Campus President, Michael Bouwhuis
DXATC Campus President, Kelle Stephens
MATC Campus President, Clay Christensen
OWATC Campus President, Collette Mercier
SWATC Campus President, Dana Miller
TATC Campus President, Scott Snelson
UBATC Campus President, David Woolstenhulme

</doc>
<doc id="19518418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518418" title="Hays Canyon Range">
Hays Canyon Range

The Hays Canyon Range is a mountain range in northwest Washoe County, Nevada, adjacent the California border. The Surprise Valley with its alkali lakes and the Warner Mountains lie to the west.
Description.
The Hays Canyon Range is a mostly linear, north-south trending range, variable in width, about 40 mi long. The range overlooks the linear Surprise Valley to the west; high elevation dry lakes, above 5500 ft lie to the northeast. Crooks Lake lies in the north of the lower elevation section of the range.
The highpoint of the range is Hays Canyon Peak, at the extreme south of the range. Other peaks from north to south are:
External links.
Hays Canyon Peak

</doc>
<doc id="19518429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518429" title="Highland Range (Lincoln County)">
Highland Range (Lincoln County)

The Highland Range is a mountain range in Lincoln County, Nevada. Nearby ranges include the Bristol Range to the north, the West Range to the northwest, the Ely Springs Range to the west, the Black Canyon Range to the southwest, the Chief Range to the south and the Pioche Hills to the east. 
Mine workings in the range are associated with the historic Pioche silver mining district.

</doc>
<doc id="19518441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518441" title="1993 Chatham Cup">
1993 Chatham Cup

The 1993 Chatham Cup was the 66th annual nationwide knockout football competition in New Zealand.
Up to the last 16 of the competition, the cup was run in three regions (northern, central, and southern), with an open draw from the quarter-finals on. National League teams received a bye until the third round (last 64). In all, 153 teams took part in the competition, which consisted of a preliminary round, five rounds proper, quarter-finals, semi-finals, and a final. 
The 1993 final.
Napier City Rovers won the league/cup double.

</doc>
<doc id="19518442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518442" title="Hiko Range">
Hiko Range

The Hiko Range is a mountain range in Lincoln County, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="19518449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518449" title="Hiller Mountains">
Hiller Mountains

The Hiller Mountains are a mountain range in Clark County, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="19518456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518456" title="Mount Raiden Volcanic Group">
Mount Raiden Volcanic Group

Mount Raiden Volcanic Group is a volcanic group of active stratovolcanoes and lava domes situated in Hokkaidō, Japan. The volcanoes were active 1.4 million to 800,000 years ago.

</doc>
<doc id="19518458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518458" title="Hungry Range">
Hungry Range

The Hungry Range, or Hungry Mountain is a low, elongated mountain in Washoe County, Nevada. The mountain separates Hungry Valley on the east from Antelope Valley on the west.

</doc>
<doc id="19518467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518467" title="Huntoon Mountains">
Huntoon Mountains

The Huntoon Mountains are a mountain range in Mineral County, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="19518473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19518473" title="CIQA-FM">
CIQA-FM

CIQA-FM is a Weatheradio Canada station which broadcasts weather information and alerts on a frequency of 93.3 FM in Iqaluit, Nunavut, Canada, in English, French and Inuktitut. The transmitter site is located near Iqaluit Airport. The station is a rebroadcaster of VHF station VEV284, which operates on 162.550 MHz.
Operated by Environment Canada's Meteorological Service of Canada, the station was licensed in 1998.

</doc>
