<doc id="19572888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572888" title="Paulos Gregorios">
Paulos Gregorios

Paulos Gregorios, born Paul Verghese or Vargīsa Pôla (1922–1996), was Metropolitan of the Delhi diocese of the Orthodox Syrian Church for over two decades.
Life.
Gregorios was born on 9 August 1922 in Tripunithura to a traditional Christian family. He started his career as a freelance journalist, contributing articles and reports to various newspapers in Kochi and Malabar. Later, after working with the "Cochin Transport Company", he joined the "Post & Telegraphs Department" in 1942. He then took up a job as a teacher in Ethiopia. He came to the attention of the Emperor of Ethiopia, Haile Selassie I. The relationship that developed between them led Verghese to appointments as the head of various institutions in Ethiopia.He was sent to the United States for higher studies. He received his education there from Goshen College, Oklahoma University, Princeton and Yale. In 1954, he returned to India with a masters degree in theology. He worked as a director of the Fellowship house in Aluva and a visiting professor of Union Christian College Aluva. In 1955, he joined the faculty of the Orthodox Theological Seminary, Kottayam. He also served as the general secretary of the Orthodox Students Christian Movement. During the Ethiopian Emperor's visit to India, in 1956, Verghese was persuaded to return to Ethiopia. There he served as the Emperor's personal aide and advisor.
In 1959, he returned to India and in 1961 he was ordained as a priest. Fr. Verghese continued to pursue theological studies. He did his doctoral studies in Oxford and Germany and received his Doctorate in Theology from Serampore College in Calcutta.
In 1975, Fr. Paul Varghese was elevated as a bishop with the name Paulos Gregorios. He took charge of the newly formed Diocese of Delhi, a position he held until his death. He established the Delhi Orthodox Centre, where he began such ambitious projects as the Neeti Shanti Kendra for promoting peace and justice, and Sarva Dharma Nilaya for inter- religious dialogue and cooperation.
Concurrently, Mar Gregorios was the Principal of the Orthodox Theological Seminary at Kottayam, the premier teaching and training institution for the priests of the Church. He raised it to a college recognized for the award of graduate and post graduate degrees. He established the Sophia Centre linked to the Seminary.
He held various positions in the W.C.C. (World Council of Churches). There he headed the Division of Ecumenical Action as an Associate General Secretary. Later, he was a member of the Central Committee and of the Executive Committee, Moderator of the Commission on Church and Society (1975–83), and one of its Presidents (1983–91). He led WCC delegations to major conferences including the UN General Assembly Special Sessions on Disarmament (1983,1988). In WCC forums and beyond, he persistently opposed apartheid and the old and new colonialism. He chaired the World Conference on Faith, Science and the Future in Cambridge, USA (1979). He was the vice-president of the Christian Peace Conference (1970–90).
A member of the Senate of the Kerala and Serampore Universities for a number of years, Mar Gregorios was a visiting Professor at Denver, Harvard, Wooster, and Princeton. He was a fellow at the Indian Institute of Advanced Study at Shimla, the vice-president of the Kerala philosophical Congress, and the president of the Indian Philosophical Congress.
Awards.
"Certificate of Merit for Distinguished Service and Inspired Leadership of the World Church", Cambridge (UK); "Order of St.Vladimir" (USSR); "Order of St.Sergius", First Rank (USSR); "Order of St.Mary Magdalene" (Poland); "Doctor of Theology" - "Leningrad Theological Academy" (USSR); "Doctor of Theology" - "Lutheran Theological Academy" (Budapest); "Doctor of Theology"- "Jan Hus Faculty" (Prague); "Doctor of Theology (h.c.)" - "Orthodox Faculty" (Czechoslovakia); "The International Biographical Roll of Honour for Distinguished Service to World Unity and Understanding Among Religions" (USA); "Distinguished Leadership Award for Extraordinary Service, Peace and Unity" (USA); "Hall of Fame Award for Extraordinary Services to Peace and Unity" (USA); "Hidalgo de San Antonio de Bejar" (Texas, USA); "Otto Nuschke Prize for Peace" (GDR); "Soviet Land Nehru Award" (India); "Man of the Year Award", "Bhai Param Vir Singh International Award" (India); "Golden Academy Award for Lifetime Achievement" (USA); "Eminent Ecumenical Educator Award" (India); "Acharya Award" (India); "Distinguished Alumnus Award", Princeton Theological Seminary (USA); "Oskar Pfister Award", American Psychiatric Association (USA); "Social Services Award", Goshen College (USA).

</doc>
<doc id="19572895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572895" title="Anti-Booker prize">
Anti-Booker prize

Anti-booker () Russian literary award that existed between 1995 and 2001. Established by newspaper Nezavisimaya Gazeta using money of Boris Berezovsky. Its name refers to British-sponsored Russian Booker and differences are:
Judging panel.
Judges included well-known journalists, editors, literary critics and artists:
et al.

</doc>
<doc id="19572899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572899" title="Henry Compton">
Henry Compton

Henry Compton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19572907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572907" title="Carson-Iceberg Wilderness">
Carson-Iceberg Wilderness

The Carson-Iceberg Wilderness is a federal wilderness area located northeast of Stockton, California. It encompasses and was designated by the California Wilderness Act of 1984. It protects an area of High Sierra landscape with elevations from to along the Sierra Mountains from Ebbetts Pass to Sonora Pass in the south. The US Forest Service manages the wilderness which is in both the Stanislaus National Forest and the Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest.
Located in the wilderness are the headwaters of the Carson River draining the east side of the crest, as well as the North and Middle Forks of the Stanislaus River on the west slopes. <br>
The name Carson-Iceberg comes from two prominent geographical features: the Carson River (named for noted scout and explorer Kit Carson) and the distinctive granite formation called "The Iceberg" on the southern boundary near Clark Fork Road.
Historical highlights: Jedediah Smith crossed the Sierra Nevada Range near Ebbetts Pass sometime in 1827, and the first immigrant party of Bartleson-Bidwell crossed over in 1841 near Sonora Pass.
The wilderness supports large herds of mule deer and there is also good habitat for black bear, which have become a problem due to an insatiable appetite for backpackers' food.
The forest cover consists of lodgepole pine, Jeffrey pine, aspen, Sierra juniper and curl-leaf mountain mahogany. 
Paiute cutthroat trout.
The Carson-Iceberg Wilderness supports a native population of the only Paiute cutthroat trout in existence in the drainages of Silver King Creek, a tributary of the East Fork Carson River. They were listed as endangered under the Endangered Species Preservation Act of 1966 and upgraded to threatened status in 1973 with the passage of the Endangered Species Act (ESA) which allowed regulated fishing of the Paiute. Historically, the US Fish and Wildlife Service believe the Paiute trout only occupied the Silver King Creek and its tributaries below the barrier of LLewellyn Falls, and around 1912 were introduced to other streams where the Paiute hybridized with the Lahonton and rainbow trout species.
The revised recovery plan by the US Fish and Wildlife Service seeks to remove nonnative fish from the environment, protect habitat for the current populations of Paiute trout, both within the historical range of the Silver King Creek watershed and the other streams in the region, such as North Fork Cottonwood Creek, and lastly, to study the Paiute trout to better understand the population trends.<br> 
The main distinguishing characteristic is the lack of spots on the body. The closely related Lahontan cutthroat trout has between 50 to 100 spots whereas the Paiute may have five or none.
The Paiute trout require a habitat of clean, well-oxygenated, moving water with gravel bottoms and quiet pools near riparian zones. They reach maturity in 2 years, spawn during June and July with eggs hatching in 6–8 weeks and the fry emerging from the gravel in 2–3 weeks. The rate of growth depends on water temperature and food access, with the Silver King Creek Paiute having been measured at 13.5 inches. Predators include the water shrew and the dipper, a bird that can go underwater to feed. Humans impact the Paiute trout as the fish show a lack of wariness to anglers, possibly because of the high elevation environment and lack of predators. Serious population declines have occurred from moderate to light fishing of the trout. 
Also in the Silver King Creek watershed are the mountain yellow-legged frog and the Yosemite toad.
Permits.
A permit is required from May to October for overnight visits into the wilderness but can be used to visit more than one wilderness area in a single trip. There is a limit of 15 people and 25 stock in the wilderness.
Leave No Trace methods of wilderness travel are highly encouraged by the US Forest Service.

</doc>
<doc id="19572912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572912" title="Sue Campbell, Baroness Campbell of Loughborough">
Sue Campbell, Baroness Campbell of Loughborough

Susan Catherine Campbell, Baroness Campbell of Loughborough, CBE (born 10 October 1948), is a British sports administrator who has been Chairman of UK Sport since 2003.
Educational career.
Campbell was educated at Long Eaton Grammar School and Bedford College of Physical Education, followed by the University of Leicester where she obtained a Master of Education degree. She worked as a physical education teacher at Whalley Range High School in Manchester for two years in the early 1970s, before becoming Deputy Director of Physical Education at Leicester University in 1972. She was a Lecturer in the Department of Physical Education and Sports Science at Loughborough University from 1976. In July 2011 she received an Honorary Doctorate of Arts from the University of Bedfordshire.
Sports career.
In 1980, Campbell was appointed Regional Officer for the East Midlands by the Sports Council of Great Britain. She was Deputy Chief Executive of the National Coaching Foundation for one year in 1984, before becoming its Chief Executive for a decade, 1985 to 1995. She was appointed MBE in 1991. Campbell became Chief Executive of the Youth Sport Trust in 1995, having played a key role in setting it up. She was an adviser to the Department of Culture, Media and Sport and the Department for Education and Skills from 2000 to 2003.
In 2003 Lady Campbell was appointed as Chairman of UK Sport, the new name for the Sports Council of Great Britain, and appointed CBE in the same year. She retained her executive position with the Youth Sport Trust until 2005 when she became its Chairman.
On 10 November 2008 she was, on recommendation by the House of Lords Appointments Commission, created Baroness Campbell of Loughborough, of Loughborough in the County of Leicestershire. Lady Campbell of Loughborough sits on the crossbenches of the House of Lords. She chose to make her maiden speech on the subject of the London 2012 Olympic and Paralympic Games.
Influence.
In February 2013 she was assessed as one of the 100 most powerful women in the United Kingdom by Woman's Hour on BBC Radio 4.

</doc>
<doc id="19572915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572915" title="Henry Sadler">
Henry Sadler

Henry Sadler may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19572917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572917" title="Granny Pants">
Granny Pants

"Granny Pants" is the fifth episode in the third season, the 46th episode overall, of the American dramedy series "Ugly Betty", which aired on October 23, 2008. The episode was written by Sheila Lawrence and directed by Fred Savage.
Plot.
The story begins at "Mode", where Betty finds herself in the middle of a battle between Daniel and Wilhelmina over the Valentine photo shoot, with Daniel insisting on "love is a battlefield" and Willi demanding one about "puppy love." Either way, from Betty and Claire's observation, the idea becomes a mess. Betty and Claire believe that ever since the 50-50 deal was made Daniel has taken his mind off DJ and focused more on work. This concerns the two as Claire confronts Daniel, who admits that he does miss DJ and he wants to settle down and start a family. Later he tells Betty about his plan, so he has compiled an application to submit to a dating service and when Betty sees it, she makes some modifications before he can submit it. 
As Betty returned to her desk, she sees Kimmie sitting there. Kimmie then asks for Betty's help in finding a job after she quit her job at Flushing Burger and dumped her boyfriend, saying that she wants to start anew and have the same success that Betty has. Betty initially reluctant to accept her idea, but after Daniel suggests to Betty that she hire a temporary assistant to help her and Kimmie jumps at the opportunity. 
Betty then tells Christina about what Kimmie did back in high school, as evidenced in a flashback in which Betty befriends Kimmie at the cafeteria, but as she reached for a drink in the school cooler, Kimmie pulls Betty's dress down, which causes her to become popular, and Betty becomes the laughing stock of the entire school and was called "Granny Pants" for the rest of highschool. Christina suggests that Betty turns the tables on Kimmie, as she tells Kimmie to request a receipt and Kimmie accidentally offended Wilhelmina in the process, causing MArc to humiliate her. That move later spurred on by Hilda at Casa Suarez, even though Ignacio thinks Betty should reconsider. But on Kimmie's first day, Betty sees how Kimmie is treated by Marc and Amanda and she comes to her defense. This leads Betty to do a job briefing on Kimmie and over time the transformation is a success.
Over at the Suarez home, Justin is looking forward to making to the lead role in "Billy Elliot the Musical", with encouragement from Hilda (who has been taking anger management classes to get over Tony) and Ignacio. However at school, Justin is harassed by bullies, but seems undeterred by them. Later that day at the auditions, Justin is shocked to learn that one of the bullies, a football jock named Randy, has also signed up for the auditions, leading to a dance-off between the two. But in the end both guys lost to a younger boy, and Randy broke down in tears and shoos Justin off while he is trying to cheer him up. However, the two later bond as friends at school. 
However, on the night that Kimmie managed to get VIPs to several nightclubs and after she asked Betty to come along as a sign of her gratitude and start of friendship, Amanda befriends Kimmie and suggests a make over. When Betty returns to meet up with her, she is shocked to see Kimmie dressed way better than Betty. Kimmie laso tells Betty that she accidentally revealed that they will go clubbing later, and she invited Amanda and Marc to tag along. During the cab ride Betty finds herself riding in the front while the trio are palling around in the backseat, and when they arrive to the club, its Betty who gets left out as Kimmie, Amanda and Marc get in. 45 minutes later, Betty prepares to leave. Kimmie stops her and tells her she only got Amanda and Marc in so that they can bond better. She then convinces Betty to go to three more clubs and an after party, because they really are friends. Betty initially refuses because of their work tomorrow, but upon learning that Daniel and Willi will not be at Mode until noon, she eventually agreed. 
Also that same night, Daniel shows up to meet his date on a yacht for a dinner cruise. Unfortunately, the "date" is none other than Wilhelmina. Both are shocked that they used the same matchmaking service and lied about their profiles, but before they can exit the yacht, the yacht has already left the dock. During the evening the two have a civil dinner together but they want to finish their evening early. The two looked at the smoke alarm, and Daniel decided to activate it using a candle, while Wilhelmina assists by spraying perfume so that the flames get closer to the alarm, and the ploy works as the cruise ship had to head back to shore. Later on, the two have a casual conversation about working together even if they can't stand each other, and they decided that they should just have to trust each other as a team. When the two reached their final destination, they went their separate ways, but Wilhelmina had another reason to end their evening, which was to stop by an old acquaintance's apartment for sex.
The following morning, Betty wakes up and discovers that she is going to be late as Daniel calls her to tell her that Kimmie has picked up the slack. As Betty arrived she asked Kimmie why she didn't call her and Kimmie insists she has sent text messages to Betty. Kimmie is later seen at lunch once again palling around with Amanda and Marc, and asked Betty to get water from the cooler. When Betty went to get a drink from the cooler, the memories of the past came back as Kimmie was coming towards her, but instead it backfired as Betty accused her of trying pull the same stunt but it would be Kimmie who would be embarrassed, and as she walked away, the message Kimmie left showed up on Betty's cellphone.
As Betty felt sorry for what has happened to Kimmie, she suggests to Daniel that she give her a better role in the magazine after they got into the clubs. At the meeting room, Wilhelmina announces that she will give way to Daniel's idea for the February issue and apologizes for the previous clashing of opinions. Daniel then announced that Kimmie has been promoted to Associate Editor. This stuns Betty in a big way and as she witnesses Kimmie reverting to her old ways, so does her flashbacks of that day back at the high school cafeteria.
Production.
On the same day this episode aired, it was announced that Lohan's six episode stint would be reduced to four. This move lead to rumors about Lohan's behavior on the set, especially with America Ferrera, but the producers say that her stint was temporary anyway: "Lindsay wrapped up her arc, and she's done filming. She did a great job, and we enjoyed having her. Viewers can look forward to her episodes tonight and next week."
Despite the riff, both Becki Newton and Vanessa Williams claim that there were no problems on the set. Notes Newton: "I think people love drama, and I think when you watch the show you’ll see the drama was between the characters on screen."
Ratings.
Thanks in part to the 2008 World Series between the Philadelphia Phillies and the Tampa Bay Rays, this episode came in third with a 5.7/9, but at the same time posted its best-since-premiere numbers at the 8PM hour (2.8/8 in 18-49, 8.7 million viewers overall).
Reception.
Lohan's performance was well received, despite the negative feedback from fans. Zap2it states: "Regardless of which side you believe in the Ugly Betty-Lindsay Lohan Breakup 2008, the real loser is the audience. Say what you will about LiLo as a person, but I like her as an actress and am sad her run will be cut short. She seems very natural and doesn't woodenly overact like her peers (sorry Duffster, but you have the sweetness, no rehab thing going for you)."
Trivia.
The person that says "previously on "Ugly Betty"" is Hilda.

</doc>
<doc id="19572931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572931" title="Brian Loftin">
Brian Loftin

Brian Loftin (born April 4, 1972 in Kansas City, Missouri) is a retired American soccer forward and was the commissioner of the Xtreme Soccer League. He played one season in Major League Soccer with the Tampa Bay Mutiny, as well as several seasons in the USISL. However, his greatest fame as a player came in eight seasons of indoor soccer where he was a consistent scoring threat with the Kansas City Attack and Milwaukee Wave. He also earned twelve caps, scoring five goals, with the United States national futsal team.
Player.
Loftin attended the U.S. Military Academy at West Point for two years where he was a 1992 All Patriot League soccer player. He transferred to the University of Evansville in 1993. After completing his collegiate eligibility in the fall of 1994, Loftin attended an open tryout with the Kansas City Attack of the National Professional Soccer League. He impressed the coaches and was signed to a contract, becoming a regular on the Attack front line for four seasons. In 1997, he played for the Carolina Dynamo in the USISL. In March 1998, the Tampa Bay Mutiny selected Loftin in the first round (second overall) in the 1998 MLS Supplemental Draft. He played eight games for the Mutiny that season. He also played five games for the Charleston Battery of USISL. In April 1999, he signed with the Milwaukee Rampage of the USL A-League. He would play outdoor summer soccer with the Rampage through the 2000 season. In 2000, he was First Team All League with the Rampage. Loftin also signed with the Milwaukee Wave of the NPSL and remained with them for four seasons before retiring in 2003. One of his most notable goals came in the Game 5 of the 2000 NPSL finals, in which Loftin executed a spectacular bicycle kick to score. In his last two seasons, the Wave played in the Major Indoor Soccer League. Loftin also earned twelve caps, scoring five goals, with the U.S. national futsal team between 1996 and 2000.
Executive.
In between his playing career with the Wave and becoming commissioner of the XSL, Loftin was the GM/CEO of the Chicago Storm.

</doc>
<doc id="19572948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572948" title="Chalaaboun">
Chalaaboun

Chalaaboun = Schaalabbin in Hebrew שעלבים or שעלבין, in Arabic شلعبون is a place in south Lebanon near Ain Ebel.
Chalaaboun was in the Tribe of Dan region. Tribe of Dan is one of Tribes of Israel.
It is mentioned in the Old Testament under the name "Schaalabbin"
Ernest Renan visited Chalaaboun during his mission to Lebanon and described what he found in his book Mission de Phénicie (1865-1874)
He found a tomb similar to that of Christ and many other things.
Near Chalaaboun is Dueir 1 km to the south west.

</doc>
<doc id="19572964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572964" title="St Agnes RC school">
St Agnes RC school

St Agnes Roman Catholic School is a Catholic voluntarily aided primary school in Crawcrook, Tyne and Wear, United Kingdom. It is a popular and oversubscribed school, larger than average for a village primary school. This is largely due to its excellent performance when compared to other schools in the Gateshead Local Education Authority and nationally. In its last OFSTED inspection report (2007) it was found to be outstanding in the majority of areas.
Pupils come largely from the St Agnes parish of Crawcrook, but a significant number also come from the surrounding towns and villages including Ryton, Greenside, Clara Vale, Wylam and Prudhoe.
It is a feeder school of St Thomas More RC in Blaydon.
The head teacher is Mrs L Hudson.

</doc>
<doc id="19572967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572967" title="Uppsala Programme for Holocaust and Genocide Studies">
Uppsala Programme for Holocaust and Genocide Studies

The Uppsala Programme for Holocaust and Genocide Studies () is an academic institute conducting research in Holocaust and genocide studies. It is a part of the Centre for Multiethnic Research of the Faculty of Philosophy and History at Uppsala University. 
As part of its national information campaign focusing on the Holocaust and genocide, the Swedish government finances the Uppsala Programme for Holocaust and Genocide Studies. Housed within the Centre for Multiethnic Research of the Faculty of History and Philosophy, the Programme commenced its research and educational activities in 1998. The Programme is guided by a three-part mandate: research and publication, documentation, and continuing education, primarily of teachers. Additional funding is provided by the Uppsala University Rector's office. Studies are published by the programme in international journals as well as in publications of the university like Studia Multiethnica Upsaliensia, Uppsala Multiethnic Papers and Acta Sueco-Polonica.
The programme is cooperating with academic institutions through research and pedagogical exchange both within Sweden and with universities in Australia, Germany, France, Israel, Canada, Poland, the United Kingdom and the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19572985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572985" title="Patrick Kong">
Patrick Kong

Patrick Kong (; born 1975) is a Hong Kong film director and screenwriter.

</doc>
<doc id="19572995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19572995" title="Strategic steam reserve">
Strategic steam reserve

A Strategic steam reserve (SSR) is a collection of withdrawn steam locomotives which is kept in working order for possible use in a national emergency. During the Cold War several countries, including Sweden and the Soviet Union, kept SSRs and the United Kingdom is reported to have done so, albeit without hard evidence.
Need for a SSR.
Many European railways have a large mileage which is electrified. In the event of a war, or major natural disaster, electricity supplies could be disrupted and electric locomotives would be unworkable. Diesel locomotives could also be at risk for two reasons:
Feasibility.
Although the availability and even storage of large numbers of steam locomotives would be practical (at least, on the scale of other Cold War strategic projects), the overall usefulness of such a reserve is far less practical.
The British 'Strategic Reserve'.
The alleged British 'Strategic Reserve' is a potent and frequently recurring urban myth amongst railway enthusiasts. Following the complete withdrawal of mainline steam traction in 1968, the myth persisted for decades that a reserve of locomotives had been retained for such a strategic purpose. As no official reserve existed, nor was any reserve obviously visible, this encouraged many fanciful explanations for where the reserve might be hidden, usually in some underground tunnel or mine. One theory even claimed that the growing steam preservation movement was itself the Strategic Reserve. 
Some support for these theories was given by the young age and high quality of the British locomotive fleet. The British Railways Standard classes were the pinnacle of British locomotive design and had been constructed until only a few years before withdrawal, even after the withdrawal of steam had been planned. Rather than applying Hanlon's razor to this evident wastefulness, the assumption was that there must have been some other secret justification to constructing a fleet of new, capable and standardised locomotives.
Another theory was that the reserve comprised the NCB's continued operational fleet of Austerity saddle tank locomotives. This theory, despite having no more evidence for it than any other of these fantasies, did at least have some technical credence. The Austerities had been designed for just such a situation, were solidly constructed, reliable and easy to maintain. Despite slow speed and short range, they were also powerful in terms of tractive effort. These were the last standard gauge steam locomotives to be constructed in the UK in the 20th. Century, and were in a good condition, especially regarding their projected boiler life remaining. As they had also been operated by the Army themselves, this was taken as further "evidence" to support the theory, amongst the fringes of rail enthusiasts. Following the Miners' Strike, the demise of the UK coal industry and the Austerity fleet, enthusiasts even found an opportunity to blame Margaret Thatcher for scrapping the non-existent Strategic Reserve.
In fact all scrapped steam locomotives have been accounted for, and the alleged hiding places (for example Box Tunnel) proved to be innoccuous. In any case the use of such a reserve is completely infeasible, steam locomotives required a huge support infrastructure of water and coal supply which died with them and is no longer available. In 2008, BBC Radio 4's programme "Punt PI", with Steve Punt, investigated the alleged Strategic Reserve, but found no evidence for its existence.

</doc>
<doc id="19573000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573000" title="Tony Franklin (Australian footballer)">
Tony Franklin (Australian footballer)

Anthony 'Tony' Franklin (born 18 December 1950) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1970s.
Originally from the Tasmanian club Penguin, Franklin played mostly as a ruckman and half forward in his two seasons at South Melbourne. His career was dogged by recurring hamstring injuries. 
He represented Tasmania at interstate football and won the Lefroy Medal for a performance against Victoria.
After leaving South Melbourne he spent some time in the VFA playing for Sandringham. Franklin rejoined the Swans as a coach, guiding the Reserves team to the 1980 VFL Reserves Grand Final, where they lost by 33 points to Geelong. When the Swans relocated to Sydney in 1982, Franklin was appointed chairman of the match committee.
When Ricky Quade was suddenly admitted to hospital with a bleeding ulcer midway through the 1984 season, Franklin filled in as senior coach for Sydney's round 14 game against Collingwood, which they lost by 31 points. He later served as their Chairman of Selectors.

</doc>
<doc id="19573004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573004" title="Historie of the arrivall of Edward IV">
Historie of the arrivall of Edward IV

The Historie of the Arrivall of Edward IV. in England and the Finall Recouerye of His Kingdomes from Henry VI. A.D. M.CCCC.LXXI is a chronicle from the period of the Wars of the Roses. As the title implies, the main focus of the work is Edward IV's arrival in England in 1471 to reclaim his crown. On 2 October 1470, King Edward had fled to Flanders in the face of a rebellion by Richard Neville, Earl of Warwick. Warwick set upas a puppet kingHenry VI, whom he had himself previously helped depose. On the continent Edward received support from Charles the Bold, Duke of Burgundy, and on 14 March 1471 he landed at Ravenspurn in Yorkshire, and started making his way south. On 14 April Edward defeated Warwick at the Battle of Barnet. Warwick was killed and Edward's reign was secured.
The author of the "Arrival" is unknown, but he identifies himself as a servant of Edward IV. For this reason the chronicle is written from a perspective sympathetic to King Edward, but this also allows the author a unique perspective. He claims that he experienced some of the events described first hand, and learned the rest from people closely involved. The work was also written shortly after the events, and for these reasons it is considered the most authoritative source on the period, more so than e.g. the "Croyland Chronicle" or the works of Polydore Vergil. The chronicle exists in two versions; in addition to the full, official one there is also an abridged version in French. This version was sent to the citizens of Bruges, the city where Edward had resided in exile, in appreciation of their hospitality.

</doc>
<doc id="19573010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573010" title="Alex Haley House and Museum">
Alex Haley House and Museum

Alex Haley House and Museum is a Tennessee state-owned historic house in Henning, Tennessee. It was originally known as W. E. Palmer House and was the boyhood home of author Alex Haley. He was buried on the grounds. The home was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. In 2010, a visitor center opened with a small museum about Haley's life. 

</doc>
<doc id="19573025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573025" title="Westhoughton by-election, 1951">
Westhoughton by-election, 1951

The Westhoughton by-election took place on 21 June 1951. The contest followed the resignation of the sitting Labour Party member of parliament, Rhys Davies.
In April 1951 Davies, who had held the Westhoughton constituency in south Lancashire for thirty years, announced that he would not be standing for parliament again. At the time he was Labour's longest serving MP. He subsequently resigned from the Commons due to ill health, and the writ to hold a byelection to fill the vacancy was moved on 31 May. At the time of Davies's resignation, the Labour Party held a slim majority of only five seats, following the 1950 general election. Davies had secured a majority of nearly 12,000 votes over the Conservatives in 1950.
Nominations for the byelection closed on 12 June, and there were only two candidates: J T "Tom" Price, the forty-eight-year-old chief legal officer of the Union of Shop, Distributive and Allied Workers for the Labour Party; and Frank J Land, a thirty-eight-year-old master baker from Bolton for the Conservatives.
Tom Price belonged to the same trades union as Davies, and had strong connections with south Lancashire. Land was a member of the Bolton Chamber of Trade, and vice-chairman of Bolton Young Conservatives. On 14 June Winston Churchill, Conservative leader, issued a statement in support of Land and attacking the Labour government who he blamed for the fall in the value of the pound. Price campaigned on the record of the Labour government, claiming it had done a great deal to improve the life of ordinary people. Land called for an end to nationalisation of industries, claiming this led to higher prices. Both candidates supported a programme of building large numbers of council houses.
Results.
Price retained the seat comfortably for the government, although with a reduced majority:

</doc>
<doc id="19573049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573049" title="Feitian">
Feitian

Feitian may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19573050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573050" title="List of Canadian battles during the First World War">
List of Canadian battles during the First World War

List of Canadian battles during the First World War in which the Canadian Expeditionary Force participated:

</doc>
<doc id="19573051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573051" title="Canoeing at the 1984 Summer Olympics – Women's K-2 500 metres">
Canoeing at the 1984 Summer Olympics – Women's K-2 500 metres

The women's K-2 500 metres event was a pairs kayaking event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1984 Summer Olympics program.
Results.
Heats.
Ten crews entered in two heats on August 6. The top three finishers from each of the heats advanced directly to the final while the remaining four teams were relegated to the semifinal.
Semifinal.
The top three finishers in the semifinal (raced on August 8) advanced to the final.
Final.
The final was held on August 10. 

</doc>
<doc id="19573059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573059" title="John C. Bear">
John C. Bear

John C. Bear is a former member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 97th District. A Republican, Bear served from January 2, 2007 through January 1, 2013. He originally sought reelection in 2012 winning the Republican primary, but he later decided not to seek another term and withdrew from the race before the general election. Republicans chose Steven Mentzer to replace Bear on the general election ballot. Mentzer was unopposed in the general election. 
Bear is a graduate of Warwick High School. He received a B.A. with Honors in Political Science from Temple University and a Master’s of Governmental Administration from the University of Pennsylvania. He is also a graduate of the Engalitcheff Institute on Comparative Political and Economic Systems at Georgetown University. He also served as Borough Councilman in Lititz, Pennsylvania. Bear also worked for an international management and technology consulting company, BearingPoint, for 9 years.

</doc>
<doc id="19573064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573064" title="Quluaq School">
Quluaq School

Quluaq School in Clyde River, Nunavut, is a full school from kindergarten through grade 12. It serves a community of 820 people anbd a school under the Qikiqtani School Operations.

</doc>
<doc id="19573065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573065" title="Centre Democrats (San Marino)">
Centre Democrats (San Marino)

The Centre Democrats (, DdC) was a social Christian political party in San Marino. Its Italian counterpart was The Daisy.
It emerged in 2007 as a left-wing split from the Sammarinese Christian Democratic Party. For the 2008 general election, the first elections the Centre Democrats have taken part in, the party was part of the Reforms and Freedom coalition, centred on the Party of Socialists and Democrats which won 25 seats out of 60 in the Grand and General Council gaining 45.78% of the national vote. The Centre Democrats itself gained 2 seats out of the 25 the coalition and 4.94% of the national vote.
On 4 March 2011, the party merged with Euro-Populars for San Marino to form the Union for the Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="19573069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573069" title="Kinlochbervie Camanachd Club">
Kinlochbervie Camanachd Club

Kinlochbervie Camanachd Club is a shinty club from Kinlochbervie, Sutherland, Scotland. 
History.
Shinty was traditionally played throughout the Highlands of Scotland until the early 20th century when it died off in many areas and there was a tradition of play in North West Sutherland. 
In 2007, as part of Highland 2007, the pupils of Kinlochbervie High School took a vote and decided to spend more time playing shinty.[http://www.spanglefish.com/kinlochberviecamanachd/index.asp?pageid=91525] This led to Kinlochbervie being a founder member of the Far North Shinty League in 2007. The club also supplied some players to Naver Athletic, the first team from Sutherland to compete in national shinty.
In their first season in 2007-08, Kinlochbervie came second in the Far North League to Farr. They finished just behind Farr again in the same position for the 2008-09 season. This season they finished in 1st place ahead of their rivals Farr Camanachd.
In 2011, the club entered the Development League run by the Camanachd Association and also took a trip to Ireland to play Shinty/Hurling. The club defeated Strathspey in their final match 6-5.[http://www.northern-times.co.uk/Sport/Other-Sport/Great-fund-raising-effort-by-KLB-shinty-team-7205938.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="19573081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573081" title="List of Vitória F.C. seasons">
List of Vitória F.C. seasons

Vitória Futebol Clube is a Portuguese sports club from Setúbal, popularly known as Vitória de Setúbal ().
European performance.
Despite never winning or reaching a final in the UEFA Cup, in a span of six years Vitória was four times quarter-finalist, having defeated such teams as Liverpool, Fiorentina, Anderlecht, Internazionale and Leeds United.

</doc>
<doc id="19573083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573083" title="Gallatin Bank Building">
Gallatin Bank Building

The Gallatin Bank Building was constructed in 1887 on a plot at 34 Wall Street (Manhattan). It was enlarged from an original plot bought at 36 Wall Street when the bank was organized in 1829. The purchase price was $12,000. Originally called The Bank of New York, the name was later changed to Gallatin because of its association with the family of Albert Gallatin. John Jacob Astor was one of the bank's organizers and he was instrumental in persuading financier, Albert Gallatin, to become its first president.
History of the edifice.
The Gallatin Bank structure, which opened in 1887, was built on land purchased after the resignation of bank president James Gallatin, in 1868, and the beginning of the term of his successor, Frederick D. Tappen. The edifice endured for forty-two years and was the home of important financial firms. The Gallatin Bank Building was one of the most distinguished establishments on Wall Street from the late 19th century through the second decade of the 20th century. It was destroyed to make room for a new structure completed by the Bank of Manhattan Company in late 1929. The new edifice at 40 Wall Street occupied of space. The Bank of Manhattan building was 64 stories in height and became the tallest office building in the world when finished.

</doc>
<doc id="19573089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573089" title="Enoch Oteng">
Enoch Oteng

Enoch Oteng (born July 8, 1988 in Brussels) is a Belgium-Ghanaian footballer, who currently plays for Merksem SC.
Career.
Oteng began his career 1998 with VAV Beerschot. After merger named: Germinal Beerschot. He served Germinal Beerschot in the Jupiler League for one year and joined Verbroedering Geel in July 2007. He was released by his club on January 2009 and joined to Greek side AE Larissa. After he plays with V.C. Herentals the season 2009-2010. At the end he quit there and go plays for fun in an Antwerp pubteam. He joined than in summer 2010 to Dutch side VV Axel., before in Juni 2011 returned to Belgium and signed for K. Merksem SC.
Personal life.
Oteng is of Ghanaian descent and his parents are Belgian immigrants from Accra.

</doc>
<doc id="19573096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573096" title="Freedom List">
Freedom List

Freedom List (, LdL) was a political coalition for the 2008 general election in San Marino, composed of:
In the 2008 general election Freedom List ran within the centre-right Pact for San Marino coalition. The electoral coalition won 35 seats out of 60 in the Grand and General Council in the Sammarinese parliamentary election, 2008 gaining 54.22% of the national vote and a governmental majority of 5 and has become the new government of San Marino and as a result the Freedom List which itself gained 4 out of the 35 seats the coalition gained and 6.28% of the national vote, as part of the coalition, became part of the government. 
The association was disbanded in 2011, following the collapse of the government coalition.

</doc>
<doc id="19573113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573113" title="The First Death">
The First Death

Dimitris Lyacos's The First Death is the latest installment of the narrative sequence "Poena Damni".
History.
The book was originally published in Greek in 1996 and has been translated in English, German,Spanish and Italian. Its two predecessors depict the Odysseus-like wanderings of a figure who, in postmodern style, labors to create the world he explores.
Contents.
In "the First Death", the result of his voyaging is that he himself is on the verge of dissolution, a castaway who is also an abortion, dying before he has ever achieved birth.
Oblique classical references are embedded in the text such as the presence of Orpheus, suggested by images of dismemberment, and echoes of Dionysos.

</doc>
<doc id="19573118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573118" title="United States vice-presidential debate, 2008">
United States vice-presidential debate, 2008

The 2008 United States vice-presidential debate, took place on October 2, 2008, between U.S. vice-presidential candidates Sarah Palin, the Governor of Alaska, and Joe Biden, the senior Senator for Delaware, at Washington University in St. Louis, and was moderated by Public Broadcasting Service journalist Gwen Ifill. It was the first such debate to feature a female candidate since the 1984 vice presidential debate. The debate was watched by about 70 million viewers according to Nielsen Media Research, making it the most-watched vice-presidential debate in history. It was only the second presidential or vice-presidential debate to surpass 70 million viewers, the first being the 1980 presidential debate between Governor Ronald Reagan and President Jimmy Carter, which drew nearly 81 million viewers.
Venue.
Washington State University in Pullman, Washington, had been offered the opportunity to host the debate, but declined in order to pursue hosting one of the presidential debates. In November 2007 it was announced that Washington University in St. Louis would be the venue for the debate, making the university the only institution, as of 2008, to have hosted three or more presidential debates.
Debate.
The first 90-minute presidential debate was divided into nine 3-minute issue segments, allowing the candidates to discuss selected topics, answer follow-ups from a moderator and directly address each other. The vice-presidential debate format followed that of the first presidential debate, but included questions on all topics and had shorter response and discussion periods.
The two candidates had never met before, which was part of the build-up to the debate. Palin said on one of her stump speeches before the debate, "I've never met before. But I've been hearing about his Senate speeches since I was in, like, second grade." After moderator Gwen Ifill introduced the candidates, where they came out, Palin asked Biden, "Can I call you Joe?" He replied affirmatively. She said at one point, "I may not answer the questions the way the moderator and you want to hear." Critics said she was avoiding the debate itself, while her supporters could make the claim that she was answering the questions to "Joe six-pack" or "hockey moms." She used her inexperience to her advantage by saying, "It's so obvious that I'm a Washington outsider and not used to the ways you guys operate."
Palin spoke in greatest depth about energy policy while Biden spoke in greatest depth about foreign affairs. Biden refrained from criticizing Palin, concentrating his criticisms on McCain. While Palin offered brief criticism of Biden, she concentrated most of her criticism on Democratic presidential nominee Barack Obama. Whereas Biden defended against Palin's criticisms of Obama, Palin tended not to offer detailed defenses against Biden's criticisms of Republican nominee John McCain and the George W. Bush administration, emphasizing instead generalizations about McCain and Palin's plans to reform the ways of Washington. Biden let it be known that he thought at one time McCain was a "maverick," but that is no longer the case.
During the debate Palin made the point of talking about a potential surge strategy in Afghanistan and mentioned the commanding general there as being "McClellan." Pundits criticized Biden's omission of the general's name; he referred to him several times only as the "commanding general in Afghanistan," until it was discovered the General's name is in fact David D. McKiernan.
One of the most memorable moments during the debate came at the end when Biden talked about the tragedy that affected his family when his wife and daughter died and his sons were injured. He explained by saying, "The notion that somehow, because I'm a man, I don't know what it's like to raise two kids alone, I don't know what it's like to have a child you're not sure is going to – is going to make it – I understand [...]." Palin did not react to this, instead, returning to her campaign's platform.
Reception.
Much interest leading up to the debate stemmed from Governor Palin's poorly handled interviews conducted in the weeks leading up to the event; many of her responses were the brunt of severe criticism, and a poll in early October from the Pew Research Center showed that the number of people who believed Palin was qualified to serve as president had dropped to 37% from 52% in early September. Consequently, the vice-presidential debate was largely seen as an opportunity for further destruction or redemption on Palin's part. Several polls suggested that Biden had won the debate; although, many observers were surprised by Palin's speaking abilities and knowledge of John McCain's policies. CNN polls found Biden won 51 to 36. It is widely agreed that both candidates accurately followed the "do no harm" guideline of vice-presidential debates. James Taylor, professor of political science at the University of San Francisco commented, "resuscitated herself, but I'm not sure she did quite enough to do anything for John McCain." He added "Biden demonstrated he knows John McCain better than Sarah Palin does. She couldn't offer rebuttals during the depth of discussions. She read the Cliff Notes on McCain, and Biden has known John McCain."
According to a poll of uncommitted voters conducted immediately after the debate by CBS News and the former Knowledge Network, 46% thought Senator Biden won the debate, 21% thought Governor Palin had won, and 33% thought it was a tie. Fox News Channel held a poll regarding the performance of each candidate, with 51% of the votes in favor of Biden, and 39% in favor of Palin. The Opinion Research Corporation's poll on the debate revealed that 51% of viewers felt Biden had won, while 36% were in favor of Palin. In the same poll, 87% said Biden was capable of fulfilling the duties of the vice presidency, while 42% said Palin is. Palin was considered more likable however, scoring 54% to Biden's 36%. Mark Halperin of "Time" graded both candidates' performances a B.
The event overall was widely described as having little effect on the 2008 presidential race, although a CBS News poll found that the presidential race tightened following the vice-presidential debate, with the Obama-Biden lead falling from 9 points to 4 points.
Moderator Gwen Ifill.
The debate's format offered moderator Gwen Ifill great freedom and power to decide the questions which can cover domestic or international issues. On the day before the debate, it gained wide media attention that Ifill had authored a new book "The Breakthrough: Politics and Race in the Age of Obama", which was to be released by publisher Doubleday on January 20, 2009, the day of the presidential inauguration. Ifill did not inform the debate commission about her book. Fox News' Washington managing editor Brit Hume claimed Ifill had a "financial stake" in an Obama victory because of the profit she stood to make from her book. "There's not a lot of demand out there for books about the 'Age of ' or the 'Age of ,'" said former Indiana Representative John Hostettler in an article in WorldNetDaily. John McCain said he was confident Ifill would do “a totally objective job,” but stated, “Does this help that if she has written a book that’s favorable to Senator Obama? Probably not.” In response to the controversy, Ifill questioned why people assume that her book will be favorable toward Obama, saying "Do you think they made the same assumptions about Lou Cannon is white when he wrote his book about ?".
A national poll was held immediately following the vice-presidential debate, indicating that 95% of viewers felt Ifill was fair and unbiased.
Parody.
Soon after the debate, a parody was created as the cold open for popular sketch comedy show "Saturday Night Live", starring Tina Fey in her signature impression of Sarah Palin and Queen Latifah appearing as a guest to play Gwen Ifill. As usual on SNL sketches, the transcript corresponded to the debate while making fun of candidates' shortcomings. Palin, as usual, was depicted as not really knowing much other than having been a maverick. "You know, we're gonna take every aspect of the crisis and look at it and then we're gonna ask ourselves, 'What would a maverick do in this situation?' And then, you know, we'll do that!". Senator Biden was comedically portrayed in his soft spot for John McCain. "Because, look, I LOVE John McCain. He is one of my dearest friends. But, at the same time, he's also dangerously unbalanced. I mean, let's be frank, John McCain – and again, this is a man I would take a bullet for – is bad at his job and is mentally unstable."
The debate sketch sparked a great deal of interest, including a rare response by Joe Biden on ABC's "Good Morning America". Biden told host Diane Sawyer "Oh God. I wish I had that much hair." Still unable to stop laughing, Biden said, "These guys are incredible, I don't know what to say."

</doc>
<doc id="19573121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573121" title="Debbie Purdy">
Debbie Purdy

Debbie Purdy (b. 1963) is a British political activist from Bradford, West Yorkshire, with primary progressive multiple sclerosis, notable for her challenge to the law in England and Wales as relates to assisted suicide. On 20 September 2009, it was announced that guidelines on assisted suicide law will be published by the UK Government. The guidelines for England and Wales "come after a legal battle won by Debbie Purdy", as "Law Lords accepted earlier this year that had a right to know whether her husband would be prosecuted if he helped her to travel abroad to commit suicide."
Purdy's case.
Debbie Purdy and her counsel David Pannick QC argued that the Director of Public Prosecutions (Ken Macdonald QC) is infringing on her human rights by failing to clarify how the Suicide Act 1961 is enforced.
The DPP counsel takes the position that the law does not require the DPP to make any further clarification of the Act, they argue that the Act and further information contained in the Code for Crown Prosecutors provides sufficient information.
Purdy's particular concern was to discover what, if any, actions her husband, Omar Puente, takes in assisting her suicide would lead to his prosecution. The penalty for those who "aid, abet, counsel or procure the suicide of another" is a maximum of 14 years. No family member of the 92 Britons who have gone abroad for an assisted suicide has been prosecuted but some have been charged and have had to wait for months before hearing the charges have been dropped. Purdy says that if her husband would be exposed to prosecution for helping her travel to Switzerland to a Dignitas clinic to die, she would make the journey sooner whilst she is able to travel unassisted. This would save her husband from exposure to the law but also forces Purdy to make her decision on dying before she feels it is absolutely necessary. 
The hearing began on 2 October 2008 and was complete soon after. The venue was the High Court of Justice. It proceeded before Lord Justice Scott Baker and Mr Justice Aikens. In court the DPP said that Purdy could not be given any reassurance that her husband would not be prosecuted as the law was clear that assisting suicide is an offence.
On 10 December 2008 Sky TV broadcast a programme on which a man with motor neurone disease was shown committing suicide with assistance. There had also been the UK case of a Mr James who went to Switzerland with the aid of his parents after being paralysed whilst playing rugby and the Department of Public Prosecutions determined that to prosecute the parents would be against the public interest. These two events led to the issue of assisted suicide making the first story on the BBC's "Newsnight". Purdy appeared to debate the issue and denied that it is society that makes disabled people wish to kill themselves and reasserted her belief that it is right to be able to seek assistance when one is physically incapable of committing suicide oneself.
Personal life.
Purdy met her husband in Singapore when he was playing with a band, and married in 1998 in Bradford. She was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis after she found her feet felt heavy when out dancing. Currently she uses a wheelchair for mobility and both her sight and hearing have begun to deteriorate.

</doc>
<doc id="19573127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573127" title="Western Virginia Land Trust">
Western Virginia Land Trust

The Western Virginia Land Trust (WVLT) is a non-profit land trust headquartered in Roanoke, Virginia that seeks to preserve the wilderness and farmlands in the western portion of the Commonwealth of Virginia (not the State of West Virginia) from excessive commercial development. WVLT's service area contains ten counties: Bedford, Botetourt, Craig, Floyd, Franklin, Montgomery, and Roanoke. In December 2012, the Western Virginia Land Trust changed its name to the Blue Ridge Land Conservancy.
Conservation efforts.
Since 1996, WVLT has been credited with protecting more than of land. In 2009, Roanoke, Virginia donated the second of two conservation easements on the Carvins Cove Natural Reserve to WVLT and the Virginia Outdoors Foundation, making the Carvins Cove Natural Reserve the largest tract of land protected with a conservation easement in Virginia. The easement was designed to protect of the viewshed from the Appalachian Trail as well as a major source of the drinking water supply for the Roanoke Valley. Carvins Cove Natural Reserve is the second-largest city park in the United States and the largest east of the Mississippi. 
In August 2008, WVLT worked to preserve more than a mile of a Chesapeake Bay tributary stream and a wetland the size of 16 football fields in Botetourt County, VA.
Donations.
In April 2008, WVLT donated adjacent to the Grassy Hill Natural Area Preserve to the Virginia Department of Conservation and Recreation.
Awards.
In 2004, Scenic Virginia honored WVLT with its "Best Preservation of a Scenic Viewshed" award for preservation work along the Blue Ridge Parkway. In 2006, Scenic Virginia presented WVLT and a group of partners the same award for their efforts in preserving Tinker Mountain. Scenic Virginia also recognized WVLT in 2008 with its Scenic Water Corridor Preservation Award. In 2009, WVLT received a Governor’s Environmental Excellence Award along with the City of Roanoke, VA, and the Virginia Outdoors Foundation for the preservation of Carvins Cove Natural Reserve.
In 2009, WVLT presented Virginia Governor Tim Kaine with the A. Victor Thomas Environmental Stewardship Award in recognition of the governor's conservation efforts during his term in office.

</doc>
<doc id="19573176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573176" title="Marzili">
Marzili

Marzili may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19573177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573177" title="Newport, Monroe County, Florida">
Newport, Monroe County, Florida

Newport is an unincorporated community in Monroe County, Florida, United States. It is located in the upper Florida Keys on Key Largo on US 1 (the Overseas Highway) northeast of Rock Harbor and southwest of the Census-designated place (CDP) of Key Largo.
Geography.
It is located at .
Its elevation is , making it relatively high for the Keys.

</doc>
<doc id="19573193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573193" title="Allan Miller (Australian footballer)">
Allan Miller (Australian footballer)

Allan R. Miller (born 27 October 1925) was an Australian rules footballer who played for South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Miller, a forward, was recruited to South Melbourne from South Surfers. He kicked a bag of five goals in just his third league game, against Geelong at Lake Oval. In 1950 he kicked 21 goals for the season and played his last game for the club the following year.
In 1967 and 1968 Miller coached South Melbourne, with the side finishing ninth on each occasion. He was succeeded by Norm Smith in 1969.
His son, Greg Miller, also played for South Melbourne. 

</doc>
<doc id="19573194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573194" title="Newport, Florida">
Newport, Florida

There are two communities in Florida that use the name Newport:

</doc>
<doc id="19573213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573213" title="Patrizio Bosti">
Patrizio Bosti

Patrizio Bosti (Naples, September 5, 1959) is a powerful Italian Camorra boss and head of the Bosti clan, a Camorra crime syndicate based in the city of Naples. His nickname is ""'o Patrizio"". Bosti and his clan are aligned with the long established Licciardi and Contini Camorra clans. The power, influence and wealth his clan held allowed Bosti to become one of the top Camorra leaders within the Secondigliano Alliance ("Alleanza di Secondigliano") of leading Naples area clans. Bosti was included on the list of most wanted fugitives in Italy and had been a fugitive from 2005, but was eventually arrested on August 10, 2008, in Girona, Spain. He was spotted when he took a flight from Naples to Barcelona a week before and traced to nearby Girona, where he was spending some time in a luxurious villa. Bosti was convicted in absentia of heading a clan of the Naples-based Camorra crime syndicate and sentenced to 23 years in prison for the murder of two rival mobsters during a feud in 1984. He was later extradited to Italy to face the murder charges. 

</doc>
<doc id="19573219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573219" title="2009 FIVB Volleyball World League">
2009 FIVB Volleyball World League

The 2009 FIVB Volleyball World League was the 20th edition of the annual men's international volleyball tournament, played by 16 countries from 12 June to 26 July 2009. The Final Round was held in Belgrade, Serbia.
Pool standing procedure.
Match won 3–0 or 3–1: 3 match points for the winner, 0 match points for the loser<br>
Match won 3–2: 2 match points for the winner, 1 match point for the loser

</doc>
<doc id="19573228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573228" title="Movement for Constitutional Freedoms">
Movement for Constitutional Freedoms

The Movement for Constitutional Freedoms ("Movimento per le Libertà Statutarie", MLS) was a liberal political party in San Marino.
It was launched on 21 April 1964 by Leo Dominicini and its main goals were to defend civil liverties and to reinforce constitutional checks and balances. Influenced by the Italian Radical Party, MLS strongly supported the extensive use of referendum.
Between 1973 and 1974 the party entered the government, along with the Christian Democrats and the Socialists. In 1974 MLS had what was its best electoral result: 2.9% of the vote. Later that year Dominicini died and the party was disbanded by 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="19573237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573237" title="Književni tjednik">
Književni tjednik

Književni tjednik () was a weekly literary magazine published by the Croatian Publishing and Bibliographic Institute (HIBZ) from 1941 to 1942. The magazine's editor was Pavao Tijan.
The magazine's first edition was released on December 18, 1941 and the last on June 28, 1942. Among the magazines contributors were Tin Ujević, Ivan Goran Kovačić and Vladimir Nazor. The magazine was discontinued for a "lack of paper" although HIBZ director Mate Ujević later claimed that it was banned by the authorities for containing an anti-fascist article.
During the communist regime in Yugoslavia the magazine was not available for academic research. Many of the archived editions subsequently went missing, although personal collections such as Dragutin Tadijanović's survived to the end of the regime.

</doc>
<doc id="19573239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573239" title="Robert Bealknap">
Robert Bealknap

Robert Bealknap (or Belknap) JP (died 19 January 1401) was a British justice. He is first mentioned in June 1351 in a papal register of indults issued to inhabitants of Great Britain, where he is called a "clerk, of the diocese of Salisbury" in Wiltshire. He next appears in 1353 as a member of a commission to survey Battle Abbey. This commission was followed by an extensive number of others, as evidenced by extant patent rolls, until 1388, most of which related to oyer and terminer, walliis et fossatis, gaol delivery, sewer, and the peace primarily, but not exclusively, in Kent and other parts of southeastern England. He was appointed a Justice of the Peace for Kent on 18 May 1362, and at the same time began serving as legal counsel. In July 1362 he served on a commission with William of Wykeham investigating lands granted to the Bishopric of Winchester, which Wykeham at that time held. From this point Belknap's career as a lawyer began to prosper; from 1371 he was retained as a lawyer by Westminster Abbey, and from 1374 by John of Gaunt. He was sent along with John Wycliffe and John Gilbert to Bruges in July 1374 to negotiate papal provisions; he returned in September and on 10 October he was made Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, and was Knighted on 28 December of that same year. From 1375 to 1388 he served as a Trier of Petitions in Parliament, and in 1376 he was involved in investigating Richard Lyons in Essex and Sussex after complaints of embezzlement.
Following the death of Edward III he was reappointed as Chief Justice under Richard II but was widely unpopular; at the time of the Peasants' Revolt he was in Essex conducting a court of trailbaston and was forced to promise not to conduct such courts again, as well as physically attacked; When the rebels reached London he was one of 15 people whose deaths they demanded. He also offended the people of London itself by suggesting that their claim to the position of Chief Butler of England for Richard's coronation should be rejected; in response they placed a model of his head on a water fountain in the marketplace so that it would vomit wine when Richard walked by. Belknap's downfall began when he advised the commission created in Parliament on 19 November 1386 to reform the government. The king and his advisers saw this commission as infringing on royal authority, and on 25 August 1387 Belknap and the other justices involved were summoned to Nottingham and asked whether such a commission was lawful and, if not, how the summoners should be punished. The justices responded that such a commission was unlawful, and that the summoners should be punished as traitors. Belknap reportedly refused to seal the answers until threatened with death by Robert de Vere, Duke of Ireland, and Michael de la Pole.
In response to this the Lords Appellant seized power on 17 November. After the Merciless Parliament began on 30 January 1388 Robert Charleton was made Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, and Belknap was arrested along with his fellow justices. The group were brought to trial on 27 February due to their answers in relation to the legality of the parliamentary commission, and were sentenced to death. After many high-ranking figures including William Courtenay and Queen Anne pleaded on their behalf, the sentence was changed to that of forfeiture and attainder, including exile to Drogheda, Ireland.
At the time of his attainder, Belknap held extensive manorial properties in Kent (Beachborough Manor, Orpington, Seintling or Saint Mary Cray, Bybrook Manor, Westcombe Manor, Kingsnoth, among others), Sussex (Knelle Manor, Wilting Manor), Hampshire (Crux Easton, Penton Mewsey), Hertfordshire (Rushden, La More Manor), Cambridgeshire (Gamlingay, Caldecote), Norfolk (Salthouse), Bedfordshire (Little Holwell), and Oxfordshire (Hoo Manor). The attainder and exile were revoked in the January 1397 parliament. Some of Belknap's land holdings were returned to him or members of his immediate family with the first parliament of Henry IV in October 1399, although his wife Juliana in a noted case was allowed to bring suit as feme sole for certain lands. Belknap died less than two years later on 19 January 1401, and was buried in Rochester Cathedral.
Family.
Robert Belknap was born about or before 1330, possibly in Kent or Wiltshire, England, the son of John Belknap and his wife Alice. He was married twice, first to Amy (possibly de Say), who died before 1373, and second to Juliana Darset (died 1414), daughter of John Darset (or Darsett/Dorsett) and Elizabeth Phelipp, daughter of Thomas Phelipp of Baldock, Hertfordshire. Belknap presumably had all of his five known children through Juliana:
Robert Belknap is the great grandfather of Sir Edward Belknap, Privy Councillor to Henry VII and Henry VIII, through Sir Hamon Belknap's son Sir Henry Belknap (died 20 June 1488).

</doc>
<doc id="19573264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573264" title="Diana Lucas">
Diana Lucas

Diana Lucas (born December 6, 1986, at Alenquer, near Lisbon, Portugal) is a Portuguese singer and actress.

</doc>
<doc id="19573286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573286" title="Canoeing at the 1984 Summer Olympics – Women's K-4 500 metres">
Canoeing at the 1984 Summer Olympics – Women's K-4 500 metres

The women's K-4 500 metres event was a fours kayaking event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1984 Summer Olympics program. This event debutted at these games.
Final.
With only seven crews entered, a final was held on August 11. This was the first time that less than nine competitors competed in a final at the Summer Olympics since the men's C-2 1000 m event at Melbourne in 1956. As of the 2008 Summer Olympics, it is the only canoeing event since 1956 that did not have nine competitors or crews in the final.
In the official report, there was no time taken for the British team at the 250 m mark.

</doc>
<doc id="19573298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573298" title="Tadeusz Kowalski">
Tadeusz Kowalski

Tadeusz Kowalski (May 31, 1894 in Lviv – April 1940 in Kharkiv) was a Polish military officer and sportsman.
Biography.
Kowalski was a competitive pair skater with partner Zofia Bilorówna. They were nine time (1927–1935) Polish national champions. They won the bronze medal at the 1934 European Figure Skating Championships. It was the first medal at that event for Poland. Their highest placement at the World Figure Skating Championships was 4th, which they accomplished in 1934.
Kowalski was also a footballer. Between 1912 and 1928, he played for the Czarni Lwow team.
He was an officer of the Polish Army. He was killed during the Katyn massacre. In 2007, the Polish Minister of Defense posthumously awarded him the rank of major.

</doc>
<doc id="19573333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573333" title="Anglers Park, Florida">
Anglers Park, Florida

Anglers Park is an unincorporated community in Monroe County, Florida, United States. It is located in the upper Florida Keys on Key Largo on US 1 (the Overseas Highway) northeast of the Census-designated place (CDP) of Key Largo and adjacent to the John Pennekamp Coral Reef State Park.
Geography.
It is located at , with an elevation of , making it relatively high for the Keys.

</doc>
<doc id="19573351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573351" title="Boccia at the 1992 Summer Paralympics">
Boccia at the 1992 Summer Paralympics

Boccia at the 1992 Summer Paralympics consisted of three events.

</doc>
<doc id="19573377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573377" title="Steve Crossley">
Steve Crossley

Steve Crossley (born in Bradford) is an English rugby league player who is currently signed to Featherstone Rovers. He has also played at club level for Bradford Bulls and Dewsbury Rams.
Bradford Bulls.
Steve Crossley was signed from Clayton RLFC by the Bradford Bulls, after a few years in the academy Crossley finally made his debut. Statistics do NOT include pre-season friendlies.
2010 - 2010 Season
Steve made his Super League debut in Round 17 (Crusaders RL) and also plyed in Round 18 (Warrington Wolves). He wouldthen feature in four consecutive games from Round 20 (Hull FC) to Round 24 (Catalans Dragons), he scored a try against Harlequins RL. He did not appear in any more games this season. At the end of the 2010 season he signed a 2-year contract with the Bulls.
2011 - 2011 Season
Crossley appeared in two of the three pre-season games. He played against Dewsbury Rams and Keighley Cougars. Crossley scored a try against the Rams.
Steve was selected in Round 11 (Catalans Dragons). He was not selected until Round 27 against Wakefield Trinity Wildcats.
At the end of the 2011 season Crossley was released from his contract.
Dewsbury Rams.
Shortly after being released from the Super League side Bradford Bulls, Crossley quickly signed for Championship side Dewsbury Rams.
Featherstone Rovers.
Crossley joined Featherstone Rovers in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19573390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573390" title="Master of Whitestorm">
Master of Whitestorm

Master of Whitestorm is a science fiction/fantasy book by Janny Wurts, published in 1992.
Plot summary.
Korendir is the Master of Whitestorm, a man driven to uncover both his past and his destiny in a character driven fantasy world.
The novel starts with Korendir bounded on Mhurgai slave ship, he is a sullen character who engineers an impossible escape, taking his partner on the oar, Haldeth, with him. Korendir becomes a mercenary for hire, achieving many impossible feats and quests in order to win his wealth and secure his home in the headland of Whitestorm. Korendir battles were-leopards, weather elementals, demons and witches in his battles.
The story is told mostly from a third person perspective, whereby the reader is shown what Korendir does but no explanations from Korendor as to the why of what he does. A hallmark of Janny Wurts' writing style, the reader must interpret his actions and reasons for themselves. This story is a character study of the enigmatic Korendir, his impact on those around him and his drive to outgrow his past and establish his own future.

</doc>
<doc id="19573395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573395" title="Bill Douglass">
Bill Douglass

William "Bill" Douglass (1923–December 19, 1994) was an American jazz drummer born in Sherman, Texas. Douglass relocated to Los Angeles when he was six months old, becoming in his adulthood a popular LA musician who worked shows and sessions with some of swing's top performers. Douglass provided drums for notable instrumentalists like Benny Goodman and Ben Webster, as well as providing backing for vocalists such as Lena Horne and June Christy. Douglass was also known for his work in the American Federation of Musicians, where he was an active proponent of desegregation. He held offices in local unions both before and after their racial integration.
Youth.
Six months after Douglass was born in Sherman, Texas, his extended family relocated to Los Angeles in an effort to escape Jim Crow laws. A member of a musical family, Douglass took an early interest in music. He cited as a pivotal moment in his life when he first heard Benny Goodman's drummer Gene Krupa performing "Sing, Sing, Sing" on the radio, when he realized, "That's what I had to do. That's all there was to it." Douglass met and befriended Dexter Gordon while attending McKinley Junior High School in Los Angeles, at which point he first began playing drums. At Jefferson High School, both Douglass and Gordon began taking band under teacher Lloyd Reese, who encouraged the rudiments and private instruction. Though a drummer, Douglass took private keyboard instructions, which he credited with helping him to understand how the various instruments in an ensemble relate. Douglass never took private drum lessons, but eventually made the acquaintance of Cab Calloway drummer Cozy Cole, who used to allow Douglass to watch him practice. Douglass learned a lot watching Cole and other drummers, who gradually helped him evolve a style of his own.
Along with Gordon and Lammar Wright, Jr., Douglass began playing night clubs while still in school and frequently haunted Central Avenue, an important nexus of African-American jazz music at the time. Douglass eventually began playing drums for pianist Gerald Wiggins, along with double bass and tuba player Red Callender, until he and Callender left to form a trio with blind pianist Art Tatum.
Military service.
In 1941, Douglass graduated high school. He enlisted in the United States Army and was assigned to the African-American 10th Cavalry Regiment at Camp Lockett in Campo, California, where he served along with his high-school band teacher as a member of the band. Fifteen months after enlisting, he was shipped overseas, serving in such diverse locations as Casablanca, Oran, Algiers, Naples and Rome. During these travels, Douglass became drum major of his 28-piece ensemble, a position he attributed to his "great height".
Music and political career.
After leaving the service, in about 1949, Douglass began a three-year stint with Benny Goodman, where he was at the time the only black member of the band. During that period, Goodman often complained of the need to deal with a separate local chapter of the American Federation of Musicians for Douglass, as the chapters of the union were segregated. Lloyd Reese encouraged Douglass, along with fellow musicians Buddy Collette, Charlie Mingus and Chico Hamilton, to work against the discrimination in the unions, which they did along with Marl Young and Benny Carter. Not allowed to voice opinions at their local union from the floor, the group ran for office, succeeding well enough to take the majority position on the board of directors, though only Douglass took a high position, the vice presidency. At the same time, white members of the American Federation of Musicians were applying pressure within their local. In spite of significant opposition, a majority vote of both of the unions eventually led to their joining into one in 1953.
The amalgamation of the unions was not without some difficulty. Horace Tapscott, who was a 15-year-old member of the union at the time and remembered Douglass as among the "vanguard of the movement," indicated in his 2001 autobiography that after the amalgamation, the union was separated by cliques, where a "particular, small, black group of guys would work all the time, because they were in that particular clique with these particular guys who ran the studios." Though he said that the work seemed to get better "for certain people", he also said that many of the older musicians "didn't have anyplace to go" after the closing of the black union.
Music education.
Even as a working musician, Douglass expanded into teaching drums at Drum City. Among his students, Douglass taught Ray Brown, Jr. (the adopted son of bassist Ray Brown), Karen Carpenter, and Ella Fitzgerald.

</doc>
<doc id="19573396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573396" title="Andresen v. Maryland">
Andresen v. Maryland

Andresen v. Maryland, , was a United States Supreme Court case in which the Court held that search of petitioner's offices for business records, their seizure, and subsequent introduction into evidence did not offend the Fifth Amendment's proscription that “o person … shall be compelled in any criminal case to be a witness against himself.” Although the records seized contained statements that petitioner voluntarily had committed to writing, he was never required to say anything. 

</doc>
<doc id="19573403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573403" title="Power Pro Kun Pocket series">
Power Pro Kun Pocket series

Power Pro Kun Pocket series (パワプロクンポケットシリーズ, abbrv. :パワポケ), sometimes simply called Pawapoke or Power Pocket, is a sub-series (spinoff) of the Jikkyō Powerful Pro Yakyū series baseball game developed by Konami. The series is released only on the Nintendo's hand held platform (GBC, GBA, and Nintendo DS). The series consists of 14 game entries (12 main series, 1 spin-off and 1 remake).
Originally, the game was planned to link the story with the Success Mode storyline in the main (Pawapuro) series. However, the series now departs from the world of Pawapuro series and forms independent storylines. Since the 8th iteration, Konami uses Baseball variety instead of Sport/Simulation as a game genre. Instead of baseball, the portion in Success Mode are much larger than the main series, which will be mentioned below.
It is noted that the Atsumare! Power Pro Kun no DS Koushien is not included in the series, although the prequel Pawapoke Koushien was (see note). The DS version of MLB Power Pros 2008 also used the sprites in Power Pro Kun Pocket, but obviously it is not a Pawapoke series member either.
The game.
Although the game nearly retains everything, including the feature of Power Pro series mascot (The Pawapurokun: a Rayman like character without face parts (other than eyes) and have its legs detached from the rest of its body) using nearly the same game system as the main series, the Power Pro Kun Pocket series is completely different from its mother series (Power Pro Series) in other aspects. It uses a more simple system in baseball than their main series. Many features outside the Success Mode were removed from the series, however, features related to Success Mode is increased.
As a feature of the whole Power Pro Series, passwords produced in the Pawapoke series can be transferred to Nintendo consoles' Power Pro Series for playing, but the ability may be weakened a lot.
Differences between Pawapuro and Pawapoke Series.
Here are some of the major differences between the two series:
The Success Mode in Power Pro Kun Pocket series.
Other than the first game (one success mode), and Koshien (does not feature any success mode), all other Power Pro Kun Pocket series titles features at least two different success modes, which called "Outer-Success" and "Inner-Success". Unlike the Power Pro series, this series did not follow storyline with realism, and many fantasy elements were mixed into the series. The series was greatly influenced by Tokimeki Memorial series, which was the original success mode in power pro series intends to, even Konami itself admit the series becomes "a Gal-game with baseball contents", making them changed its genre to "Baseball Variety".
Like the Power Pro's setting, fictional pro teams exists in the series as well, but it is completely different teams since the setting has been developing on its own now.
Super Ability.
There exist 10 rare abilities collectively called Super Ability, which can give a great increase to statistics (can exceed limit) or have more negative effects towards opponent players. Pitcher and fielders have a separate 5-set ability and no one can hold more than one Super Abilities. Some Super Abilities will cancel out other Super Abilities in play. Such abilities will not be kept when the player is transferred to the Power Pro series.
The only way to obtain the Super Abilities is playing in Success Mode. In "Outer-Success", players can obtain Super Abilities by finishing the girl's endings, which each of them keep two (one each for pitcher and fielder) Super Abilities. However, in each of the series there exist a wild-card girl character, who can give any Super Abilities by players' choice, but usually it needs tougher requirements.
Games in the Series.
Spinoffs.
"Note: Power Pocket Koushien (DS) was released as a Power Pro Kun Pocket series title entry when it was released in 2005. However, as the storyline has no relationship with the main series, currently Konami has removed it from the series' website. Although KDE-J did not have any official announcement towards such change, nor any declaration about that removal of series entry, it was assumed Power Pocket Koushien are no longer one of the series' entries. (Power Pocket Koushien's sequel, Atsumare! Power Pro Kun no DS Koushien was a completely different case to presequel since it was never released as a Power Pro Kun Pocket series title entry.)"

</doc>
<doc id="19573408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573408" title="Mezre">
Mezre

Mezre may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19573423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573423" title="Andresen">
Andresen

Andresen and the parallel form Andreasen (Norwegian cognate "Andreassen") are Danish-Norwegian patronymic surnames meaning "son of Andreas". It has a similar origin as the name Andersen. It may refer to:
Persons with the name Andresen:
Also:
Persons with the name Andreasen:

</doc>
<doc id="19573425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573425" title="La Ville dont le prince est un enfant (film)">
La Ville dont le prince est un enfant (film)

La Ville dont le prince est un enfant is a 1997 made for television film adapted from 1955 play by French dramatist Henry de Montherlant of the same title.
The title, literally translated, "The City Where the Prince is a Child", is taken from Ecclesiastes 10:16: ""Woe to thee, O land, when thy king is a child, and thy princes eat in the morning!""
The French language film was subsequently released in North American markets on DVD in 2004 under the title, The Fire That Burns, similar to the 1977 English language translation of the play produced in 1977 under the title, "The Fire that Consumes".
Summary.
Philosophy student André Sevrais (played by Naël Marandin) attends a Catholic boys' school in Paris, where he becomes fast friends with his younger schoolmate, a little rebellious boy named Serge Souplier (played by Clément van den Bergh). This friendship between the two youngsters does not go unobserved by the Abbot of Pradts (played by Christophe Malavoy), who harbors a secret obsession with Souplier and uses his position of authority to try to handle the adolescent Servais, with the pretext of protecting the youngster Souplier; ultimately, however, he is undone by his own hand.

</doc>
<doc id="19573428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573428" title="Flint, Ohio">
Flint, Ohio

Flint is an unincorporated community in Sharon Township, Franklin County, Ohio, United States, located north of downtown Columbus near the intersection of Flint and Park Roads. It was served by stations on the Cleveland, Columbus and Cincinnati Railroad (New York Central system) and Sandusky and Columbus Short Line Railway (Pennsylvania system), which opened through the area in 1851 and 1893, respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="19573436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573436" title="Assunção dos Anjos">
Assunção dos Anjos

Assunção Afonso de Sousa dos Anjos (born 1946) is an Angolan diplomat and political figure.
Biography.
Anjos was born in Luanda and worked at the Ministry of External Relations as Director for Africa and the Middle East. He was Director of the Cabinet of the First Deputy Prime Minister, Director of the Cabinet of the Minister of Planning, and then Director of the Cabinet of the President of the Republic from 1979 to 1993, under José Eduardo dos Santos. Subsequently he was Ambassador to Spain until being dismissed from that post at his own request in November 1999. He was then Ambassador to France; in October 2002, while still holding that post, he strongly denied that Angola had any military presence in Côte d'Ivoire during that country's civil war.
Anjos was instead appointed as Ambassador to Portugal in early August 2002 and was sworn into that post by President dos Santos on 18 December 2002. He was later appointed as Minister of External Relations on 1 October 2008, having been dismissed from his post as Ambassador to Portugal immediately beforehand. In 2010 he was replaced by Georges Chicote and subsequently appointed as a presidential adviser.
Anjos is a member of the Central Committee of the Popular Movement for the Liberation of Angola (MPLA).

</doc>
<doc id="19573448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573448" title="Grayvik, Florida">
Grayvik, Florida

Grayvik is an unincorporated community in Monroe County, Florida, United States. It is located in the upper Florida Keys on Key Largo within the Ocean Reef Club at the northnmost part of the island. It is northeast of the Census-designated place (CDP) of North Key Largo.
Geography.
It is located at , its elevation .

</doc>
<doc id="19573479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573479" title="Mikk">
Mikk

Mikk is an Estonian masculine given name, a version of Michael.
People named Mikk include:

</doc>
<doc id="19573496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573496" title="Milanlu">
Milanlu

Milanlu may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="19573502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573502" title="Native American Heritage Sites (U.S. National Park Service)">
Native American Heritage Sites (U.S. National Park Service)

Many National Park Sites in the United States commemorate the contribution of the Native American culture(s). The term ‘Native American’ includes all cultural groups that predate the arrival of either western European explorers/settlers or east coast explorers and settlers. In this sense, Native Alaskans of both arctic and sub-arctic cultures are included with the American Indians of the continental United States. Native Hawaiians are included as the traditional cultures of the islands.
Many sites were created specifically to preserve the remains of cultures that no longer exist, such as Mesa Verde National Park or Russell Cave National Monument. Some tell the story of a vibrant culture that continues to contribute to the American culture, as with Canyon de Chelly National Monument. Yet others commemorate American Indian cultures that contributed to the development of an area, as Cape Cod National Seashore, or were a part of greater events in American history, such as Pea Ridge National Military Park. The largest number preserve the historical contributions of the Native Cultures throughout time; included in these are Devils Tower National Monument, Pipestone National Monument, and Kaloko-Honokohau National Historical Park.
Parks.
NPS units proposed but not confirmed as interpreting Native American culture(s) as a primary theme:

</doc>
<doc id="19573553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573553" title="John Palmer House (Portland, Oregon)">
John Palmer House (Portland, Oregon)

John Palmer House is a historic house in Portland, Oregon, United States. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
John Palmer was a builder who settled in Portland, Oregon in the 19th century.  Construction on the John Palmer House was started in 1890. John Palmer’s wife died just four years after moving into the home.  For many years the home was used as the Multnomah Conservatory of Music.  The Sauter Family purchased the John Palmer House in the late 60’s and lavished great care and attention on the home.  They opened the home as a Bed & Breakfast and hosted many receptions and weddings in the beautiful garden. Maggie Kolkena and Susan Dunn purchased the home in 2008 for use by not-for-profit organizations. Refreshing this grand old house has included complete re-wiring and re-plumbing, the remodel of the kitchen and addition of a modern bathroom.  The main floor, with its extravagant Bradbury & Bradbury wallpapers, remains largely unchanged. External work was initiated in the spring of 2010.  JPH has a new roof, a repaired porch and a lovely new coat of paint. For a detailed description of the John Palmer House you can download this Historic American Building Survey prepared by the talented Anisa Becker.

</doc>
<doc id="19573605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573605" title="1937 World Figure Skating Championships">
1937 World Figure Skating Championships

The World Figure Skating Championships is an annual figure skating competition sanctioned by the International Skating Union in which figure skaters compete for the title of World Champion. 
The 1937 men competition took place February 12 to 13, 1937 in Vienna, Austria. 
The 1937 ladies and pairs competitions took place March 1 to 2, 1937 also in London, Great Britain.
Results.
Men.
Judges were
Ladies.
Judges were
Pairs.
Judges were

</doc>
<doc id="19573631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573631" title="Cycling at the 1992 Summer Paralympics">
Cycling at the 1992 Summer Paralympics

Cycling at the 1992 Summer Paralympics consisted of nine events. All were road cycling events, no track cycling was held.

</doc>
<doc id="19573636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573636" title="Ichibanchō, Chiyoda, Tokyo">
Ichibanchō, Chiyoda, Tokyo

The district borders Chiyoda (Tokyo Imperial Palace) on the west, Sanbanchō and Yonbanchō on the north, Nibanchō on the east, and Kōjimachi on the south.

</doc>
<doc id="19573642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573642" title="List of homonymous states and regions">
List of homonymous states and regions

The following are a list of homonymous states and regions that share a single name

</doc>
<doc id="19573659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573659" title="Self-styled orders">
Self-styled orders

Pseudo-chivalric orders or self-styled orders are organizations which falsely claim to be chivalric orders. Most self-styled orders arose in or after the mid-eighteenth century and many have been created in the present day, though most are short-lived and endure no more than a few decades.
Genuine orders.
Although not officially recognised by any international treaty, the International Commission for Orders of Chivalry (ICOC) has developed widely accepted principles employed in determining which organizations are genuine chivalric orders (many of which are listed on the website of the Commission) rather than self-styled ones.
The Commission was created as a temporary committee of the International Congress of Genealogical and Heraldic Sciences in August 1960, though it has been transformed into a permanent and independent international body. The principles established by the ICOC for determining genuine orders of chivalry may form a set of reasonable guidelines for such, especially given that there are no other generally recognized international guidelines available, the legislation of countries which regulate such orders notwithstanding.
The ICOC's most recent Register and Provisional List of Orders was published in 2007.
The ICOC has published the following statement on their website: ""...it should be acknowledged that some serious mistakes were made, where organizations were included in the Register alongside historical chivalric orders despite not being such, and because of this it has been necessary to go back to the 1964 Register and use that as a starting point." "These include, first and foremost, the so-called 'Order of Saint John of Jerusalem, Knights Hospitaller' (or 'Royal Yugoslav Order of Saint John'), included from 1970, and the so-called 'Niadh Nask,' included from 1996/1998.""
Certain other organisations (such as the Augustan Society and the International Fellowship of Chivalry-Now, which state publicly that they are not chivalric orders) that may appear to have a chivalric character, nevertheless carefully distinguish themselves from legitimate orders of chivalry, thus differentiating themselves from self-styled orders.
The ICOC argues that a chivalric order must have a fount of honour (or "fons honorum") as either its founder or its principal patron in order to be considered a chivalric order; a fount of honour is a person who held sovereignty either at or before the moment when the order was established. (Holding sovereignty before the founding of an order is considered effective in creation of a genuine chivalric order only if the former sovereign had not abdicated his sovereignty before the foundation of the order but, instead, had been deposed or had otherwise lost power.) Some organisations create a false "fons honorum" in order to satisfy this requirement and give themselves apparent legitimacy; often, the founder or patron of a self-styled order has assumed a false title of nobility as well as supposed current or former sovereignty.
The ICOC's definition is explicitly rejected by many countries, while others simply do not regulate the wearing of decorations and therefore remain neutral. The criteria of France provide an illustrative example of those nations which take a more regulatory approach: Only decorations recognised by the Chancery of the Legion of Honour may be worn publicly, and permission must be sought and granted to wear any foreign awards or decorations. Dynastic orders are prohibited unless the dynasty in question is currently recognised as sovereign. (For example, the Royal Victorian Order is explicitly recognised, whereas the Order of Saints Maurice and Lazarus is not.) Failure to comply is punishable by law. A non-exhaustive list of collectively authorised orders is published by the government; in restricting itself only to orders issued by sovereign entities, it is considerably more exclusive than the ICOC list.
Contrary to a popular myth, a person who is a knight or of noble birth does not have the right to confer titles of nobility or Orders of Chivalry on others. According to tradition and international law, no person or organization, other than the Head of State, or the Head of a Royal House or Dynasty—whether regnant or non-regnant—can be a fount of honour. This is because any other person lacks the required sovereignty to do so, even if he or she is of royal blood.
In the United Kingdom, where the fount of honour is the Monarch, some societies have permission from the Monarch to award medals, but these are to be worn on the right side of the chest. No UK citizen may accept and wear a foreign award without the Sovereign's permission, moreover, the government is explicit that permission for foreign awards conferred by private societies or institutions will not be granted. In France, likewise, with very few exceptions, no non-governmental orders and medals are permitted to be worn. In Sweden, decisions about medals and orders worn on a military uniform has been delegated to the General Staff.
Other characteristics.
Self-styled orders may share certain other characteristics:

</doc>
<doc id="19573674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573674" title="Ziegfeld Follies of 1936">
Ziegfeld Follies of 1936

The Ziegfeld Follies of 1936 is a musical revue with lyrics by Ira Gershwin, music by Vernon Duke and sketches by Gershwin and David Freedman. The Ziegfeld Follies were a series of revues presented from 1907 through 1931, 1934, 1936, 1943, and 1957.
Productions and background.
The musical premiered on Broadway at the Winter Garden Theatre on January 30, 1936 and closed on May 9, 1936 after 115 performances. Produced by Billie Burke Ziegfeld and Lee Shubert and J. J. Shubert, it was directed by John Murray Anderson and Edward Clarke Lilley, choreographed by Robert Alton, sketches directed by Edward D. Dowling, and ballets directed by George Balanchine. Scenic design and costumes were by Vincente Minnelli, with additional costumes by Raoul Pène Du Bois, and original orchestrations were by Robert Russell Bennett, Conrad Salinger, Hans Spialek and Don Walker. The cast starred Fanny Brice, Bob Hope, Eve Arden, Josephine Baker, Judy Canova, Gertrude Niesen, June Preisser, and the Nicholas Brothers.
The musical had a return engagement on Broadway at the Winter Garden Theatre on September 14, 1936, and closed on December 19, 1936 after 112 performances. Brice reprised her role, with the additional cast of Bobby Clark, Gypsy Rose Lee, Cass Daley, and Jane Pickens.
Fanny Brice was the star of the "Follies" and dominated the show, so much so that when she became ill in May 1936, the production closed. 
"The Follies" were presented as a staged concert in 1999 as part of City Center's "Encores! Great American Musicals in Concert" with musical director Rob Fisher and the Coffee Club Orchestra. The revival was directed by Mark Waldrop who also adapted the book, choreographed by Thommie Walsh, the ballet sequence choreographed by Christopher Wheeldon. The scenic consultant was John Lee Beatty; costume coordinator, Gregg Barnes; lighting by Peter Kaczorowski, sound by Scott Lehrer and projections by Eyewash, Inc. 
It starred:Christine Ebersole, Ruthie Henshall, Peter Scolari, Howard McGillin, Stephanie Pope, Mary Testa, Karen Ziemba, Bob Walton, Jim Walton, Stanley Bojarski Kevin Chamberlin, Jock Soto, Jenifer Ringer, and Jonathan Sharp. 
Sketches.
In the opening number Brice mocks her famous song ("My Man") in "He Hasn't a Thing Except Me", standing against a lamp-post. In "The Sweepstakes Taker" Brice portrays a Jewish Bronx housewife who wins the Irish sweepstakes. In "Fancy Free' she becomes the affected and bored British "Zuleika" as she exchanges witty remarks with her husband Sir Robert, and, leaving behind elegance, burps in his face and utters a trade-mark "Denk you." As Baby Snooks, Brice stars with popular stars of the day (such as Clark Gable). 
Songs.
Gershwin and Duke wrote 28 songs and special material, but almost half were cut. The only song to become popular was "I Can't Get Started (With You)", helped by an early recording by Bunny Berigan. The song was sung by Bob Hope to Eve Arden. The Berigan recording was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="19573696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573696" title="Pavao Tijan">
Pavao Tijan

Pavao Tijan (born in Senj in 1908 - died in Madrid in 1997) was a Croatian encyclopaedist who spent the latter half of his life in Spain. 
Tijan was born in Senj in 1908. He attended the University of Zagreb where he finished a degree in Croatistics and Slavistics in 1930. He was subsequently a gymnasium professor. He edited "Hrvatski jezik" was also a member of the "Croatian Encyclopedia" project. He was a member of the Croatian Publishing and Bibliographic Institute and edited its publication "Književni tjednik". With the fall of the Independent State of Croatia in 1945 he fled from the oncoming Yugoslav Partisan army for fear of reprisal. He and members of his family travelled through Austria and settled in Rome where Tijan remained until 1947. From there he travelled to Madrid, which remained his home for the rest of his life.
In 1993, Tijan returned to Zagreb and Senj for his first visit to Croatia in 48 years. Tijan was made an honorary citizen of Senj. He died in Madrid in 1997. In 2007, the Croatian Government had his written works brought to Zagreb from Madrid.

</doc>
<doc id="19573711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573711" title="Àmbit metropolità de Barcelona">
Àmbit metropolità de Barcelona

Àmbit metropolità de Barcelona () is one of the seven territories defined by the Regional Plan of Catalonia (). It is located in the central coast of Catalonia, in Barcelona (capital city of Catalonia) and its influence area. It is formed of seven "comarques": Alt Penedès, Baix Llobregat, Barcelonès, Garraf, Maresme, Vallès Occidental and Vallès Oriental. It has been suggested by local authorities that Alt Penedès and Garraf should form a separate administrative entity called "Vegueria del Penedès", as Penedès was a historical territory, or "vegueria", with two "comarques": Baix Penedès (Camp de Tarragona) and Anoia (Comarques Centrals). To a large extent coincides with the Barcelona metropolitan area.
Àmbit metropolità is the most populous "vegueria" with 5,012,961 inhabitants (2010), and a density of 1,549 inhabitants/km2.
Vegueria.
The "vegueria" was a feudal land division in the Principality of Catalonia, Kingdom of Sardinia, and Duchy of Athens during the Middle Ages and into the Modern Era until the Nueva Planta decrees of 1716. It was the primary division of a county in Catalonia and the basic territorial unit of government in Sardinia and Athens after those countries became part of the Crown of Aragon. The office of a veguer was called a "vigeriate" (Latin: "vigeriatus").
In 1936, Catalonia was reconstituted into "comarques". Although these were quickly abolished in 1939 they were reconstituted again in 1987. Each "comarca" was grouped with two to four others into a "vegueria", of which there were nine, with their capitals at Barcelona, Girona, Tremp, Vic, Manresa, Lleida, Reus, Tarragona, and Tortosa.
Since the 1987 reconstitution it has been decided that Vegueries be formally re-established in 2011. Under the 2006 Statute of Autonomy of Catalonia, the four provinces which make up Catalonia are due to be replaced by seven vegueries, which will also take over many of the functions of the "comarques". As of October 2008, whereas the final boundaries of the new vegueries have yet to be formally approved, they are expected to incorporate largely historical boundaries: Àmbit metropolità de Barcelona, Alt Pirineu i Aran, Camp de Tarragona, Comarques Centrals, Comarques Gironines, Ponent (or Lleida) and Terres de l'Ebre.

</doc>
<doc id="19573717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573717" title="Minkend">
Minkend

Minkend (; and Hak – ) is village in Lachin district of Azerbaijan. Since May 17, 1992 the village together with Lachin district has been under control of the Armenian forces.
Geography.
The village is located at the west side of the Hakari River and in the north part of Lachin district, 320 km from Baku, the capital of Azerbaijan.
History.
According to the Russian Empire Census in 1897 Minkend had a population 902, of which 506 were Armenians, and 396 were Kurds.
In 1905 140 Armenian inhabitants of the village were killed and 40 wounded during the Armenian-Tatar massacres

</doc>
<doc id="19573733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573733" title="Gordon Denlinger">
Gordon Denlinger

Gordon R. Denlinger is a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 99th District and was elected in a special election in 2003. Denlinger is a member of the House Agriculture and Rural Affairs, Appropriations, Finance and Tourism Committees.
Denlinger also serves as the Republican Chair of the Subcommittee on Fiscal Policy for the House Appropriations Committee, Vice-Chair of the Finance Committee, and Co-Chair of the Jobs Creation Working Group under the Republican Policy Committee.
In addition to his legislative committee assignments, Representative Denlinger currently serves as founding chairman of the Values Action Team, a coalition of like-minded legislators working to advance traditional family values in Pennsylvania's State Capitol.
Personal.
Denlinger graduated from Bob Jones University in Greenville, South Carolina in 1985 with a degree in Accounting. He was first elected to represent the 99th legislative district in a special election on March 18, 2003 to fill the remainder of Leroy Zimmerman's term.
A Certified Public Accountant, Denlinger had been Controller for Sharp Shopper, Inc., a grocery discounter based in Ephrata, Pennsylvania, prior to taking office. From 1990 until 2002, he was Assistant Controller for Newell Rubbermaid’s Graco Children’s Products Division. Graco, based at the time in Elverson, PA, is the world’s largest producer of baby furniture.
Gordon Denlinger and his family are members of Zeltenreich Reformed Church in New Holland, where he has served as an elder. He and his wife reside in Narvon, Pennsylvania and have four children: Evan, Abram Preston, Blake, and Mariah.

</doc>
<doc id="19573744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573744" title="Tyler Baldock">
Tyler Baldock

Tyler Baldock (born September 21, 1984 in Surrey, British Columbia) is a Canadian goalkeeper, who plays for Wirrulla Bombers in Australia.
Career.
Baldock played Abbotsford Mariners before joining Whitecaps. On August 27, 2008 he was called from the Vancouver Whitecaps Residency to Vancouver Whitecaps.
Baldock played college soccer for Carson-Newman College, where he attended school before entering the Residency program.
On 10 December, Baldock, along with teammate's Diaz Kambere and Stefan Leslie, became free agents and signed than for Australian club Wirrulla Bombers.
Baldock is now the starting goalkeeper for Athletic Club of BC in the Fraser Valley Soccer League Premier division.
Coaching career.
On 23 August 2008 was named as the new Goalkeeper Coach of the Trinity Western Spartans.

</doc>
<doc id="19573745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573745" title="Football 7-a-side at the 1992 Summer Paralympics">
Football 7-a-side at the 1992 Summer Paralympics

Football 7-a-side at the 1992 Summer Paralympics consisted of a men's team event.

</doc>
<doc id="19573749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573749" title="Maccabi Rishon LeZion F.C.">
Maccabi Rishon LeZion F.C.

Maccabi Rishon LeZion () was an Israeli football club based in Rishon LeZion. The club spent two seasons in the top division at the start of the 1950s and was part of the wider Maccabi Rishon LeZion sports club which still exists today.
The club took part in the first post-independence league during 1949-50, finishing second from bottom with just eight points and conceding 117 goals (the second highest to date, excluding the double season of 1966-68), twice conceding more than ten goals; they lost 10-1 at Hapoel Ramat Gan and 13-0 at home to champions Maccabi Tel Aviv, a result that remains the largest defeat in the top division.
The following season (1951-52), they finished bottom with just four points and another 100 goals conceded, and were relegated to Liga Bet alongside city rivals Hapoel.
The club folded during the 1953-54 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19573806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573806" title="1994–95 Scottish Premier Division">
1994–95 Scottish Premier Division

The 1994–95 Scottish Premier Division season began on 13 August 1994 and was the first season of the new-look ten team league.
Overview.
The 1994–95 Scottish Premier Division season ended in success for Rangers who won the title by fifteen points from nearest rivals Motherwell to clinch seven titles in a row. Dundee United were relegated to the First Division after finishing bottom with Aberdeen surviving the relegation playoff against Dunfermline Athletic. As champions, Rangers qualified for the Champions League while Motherwell were joined by League Cup winners Raith Rovers in qualifying for the UEFA Cup. Fourth-placed Celtic qualified for the Cup Winners' Cup as Scottish Cup winners.
The season began on 13 August with the first goal of the season scored by Hibernian's Billy Findlay as they won 5-0 at home to Dundee United. The regular league season ended on 13 May, with the relegation/promotion play-off following on the 21st and 25th.
Promotion and relegation from 1993–94.
Promoted from First Division to Premier League
Relegated from Premier Division to First Division
Results.
Matches 1-18.
During matches 1-18 each team plays every other team twice (home and away).
Matches 19-36.
During matches 19-36 each team plays every other team a further two times (home and away).
Top scorers.
Source:=http://www.rsssf.com/tabless/scot95.html RSSSF

</doc>
<doc id="19573810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573810" title="Tor Saglie">
Tor Saglie

Tor Saglie (born 13 September 1949) is a Norwegian civil servant. He was educated at the University of Oslo, graduating in 1976 with a cand.polit. degree in political science. He was the director (head of administration) of the University of Oslo from 1991 to 2003 and permanent under-secretary of state ("departementsråd") in the Ministry of Local Government and Regional Development from 2003 to 2006. In 2006, he was appointed the first Labour and Welfare Director, i.e. the head of the Labour and Welfare Service and the Labour and Welfare Administration. He left in the summer of 2011. In April 2012 he was appointed as permanent under-secretary of state in the Ministry of Justice and the Police.
He is married to former cabinet minister Tove Strand.

</doc>
<doc id="19573813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573813" title="Goalball at the 1992 Summer Paralympics">
Goalball at the 1992 Summer Paralympics

Goalball at the 1992 Summer Paralympics consisted of men's and women's team events.

</doc>
<doc id="19573823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573823" title="Todd Petty">
Todd Petty

Todd Petty is the head coach of Texas Tech's women's tennis team. He replaced Cari Groce prior to the 2008/09 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19573850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573850" title="TT5">
TT5

The Theban Tomb TT5 is located in Deir el-Medina, part of the Theban Necropolis, on the west bank of the Nile, opposite to Luxor. It is the burial place of the Ancient Egyptian artisan (his exact title was Servant in the Place of Truth) named Neferabet, who lived during the Ramesside period.
Neferabet (also called Neferabu) was the son of Neferronpet and Mahi. His wife was named Taesi (Ta-Iset).
Tomb.
The tomb has two burial chambers. In chamber A a son named Nedjemger is shown offering a vase to Neferabet and Taesi. A large group of relatives is shown adoring the Hathor cow from the mountain. The relatives include: Neferabet himself, his "father" the scorpion curer Amenmose (father-in-law?), and his brother Amenemope. Also included are Neferabet's sons Neferronpet, Ramose, Nedjemger, Meriunu and Neferabets brothers Anhotep, Ipu, Huy, Merymaat and a man named Iryfdjodj. The women in the scene include Neferabet's wife Ta-ese, her mother Tenthaynu, his sister Istnofret and several daughters named Henuttu, Mahy, Tenthaynu, Hetepy, Mutemopet and Istnofret.
In another scene several family members are shown adoring Re-Harakhti. The relatives in this scene include Neferabet's father Neferronpet, Neferabet himself, Neferabet's brother Anhotep and several of Neferabet's uncles: Rahotep, Maaninakhtef, Ipu and Pashed.
In chamber B five panels show the family adoring Anubis. Neferabet is accompanied by his wife, his sons Nedjemger, Neferronpet, Ramose, and Meriunu as well as his daughters Henutta, Tentha, Istnofret, Henut-iunet, Hetepy, Mutemopet, Mahy and Roruti. Anhotep is accompanied by their sisters Tentamenet and Ta(y)senofret.
Finds.
A stela mentioning Neferabet's father Neferrenpet is now in the British Museum (BM 150)

</doc>
<doc id="19573896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573896" title="Cluedo Card Game">
Cluedo Card Game

Cluedo: The Card Game (or Clue: The Card Game in the U.S.) is a card game version of the classic board game Cluedo (Clue, in the U.S.). There have been two different games made with the same name. Despite the common name, the games play differently. One was published by Waddingtons in 1992, the other by Winning Moves Games USA in 2002.
Waddingtons' version.
In this game, the goal is to be the first player to get rid of all your cards. Each player starts the game with a hand of five cards dealt randomly from the deck. The deck is then placed between the two players and the top card is flipped over next to the deck to create a discard pile. On a player's turn, they may play a card from their hand onto the discard if the card being played has a matching image or number to the card on top of the discard pile. If none of their cards match one of these two characteristics, then the player must draw a card from the deck and add it to their hand. The deck has some special weapon cards that allow other actions to be taken when played. For example, if a player plays a dagger card, they choose a player and that player loses a turn. If a candlestick is played, the next player after the one who played it, in turn order, loses a turn. If a rope card is played, the player playing it gets an extra turn. Lastly, if a player play a revolver card, they choose a player and exchange their hand with that player.
Winning Moves' version.
The Winning Moves' version of this game is much more like the original game, where the goal is to deduce based on clues you gain throughout the game. Here, players are trying to track down Mr. Boddy's killer who has managed to flee the mansion. The goal is to figure out who the killer is, what mode of transportation they used to flee, and where the fled to. The game starts with the dealer separating and shuffling the different cards (6 suspect, 6 vehicle, and 9 destination) and choosing one of each for the "solution." The remaining cards are then shuffled together and dealt out as evenly as possible to players. Players mark those cards off on their clue sheets. The dealer then shuffles up and deals one Action card to each player. Action cards allow a player to perform different actions on their turn. These are how players gain access to additional clues, allowing them to work to deduce the solution. Once all players have an action card, the destination markers are shuffled face-down and one is dealt to each player. The players flip up their destination markers and the remainder destination markers are placed in the middle face up.
On a player's turn, they perform the following actions:
1)Draw an action card from the deck
2)Play one action card
3)Check off any new clues on their sheet
4)(optional) Make an Accusation
Action cards allow the player to gather clues from other players in various ways. Once a player thinks they have the solution, they can make an accusation on their turn (you may do it without playing an action card). A player may only make one accusation a game. The player names off the suspect, vehicle, and destination, then secretly looks at the solution cards. If they match the player's accusation, the player wins. If not, the player is still in the game, but cannot win. 

</doc>
<doc id="19573918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573918" title="Jean Comaroff">
Jean Comaroff

Jean Comaroff is Professor of African and African American Studies and of Anthropology, Oppenheimer Fellow in African Studies at Harvard University. She is an expert on the effects of colonialism on people in Southern Africa. Until 2012, Jean was the Bernard E. & Ellen C. Sunny Distinguished Service Professor of Anthropology and of Social Sciences at the University of Chicago and Honorary Professor of Anthropology at the University of Cape Town.
She received her B.A. in 1966 from the University of Cape Town and her Ph.D. in 1974 from London School of Economics. She has been a University faculty member since 1978.
In collaboration with her husband John Comaroff, as well as on her own, Comaroff has written extensively on colonialism,and hegemony based on fieldwork conducted in southern Africa and Great Britain.
Comaroff also serves as a member of the Editorial Collective of the journal "Public Culture".
Personal life.
Jean Comaroff was born in Edinburgh, Scotland, shortly after World War II. Her father, a Jewish South African doctor, joined the British Army Medical Corps while studying abroad to specialize in obstetrics and gynecology. Her mother was a convert to Judaism, born to a Lutheran German family that had emigrated to South Africa in the late nineteenth century. Dr. Comaroff's parents returned to South Africa when she was ten months old, settling in the highly segregated industrial town of Port Elizabeth. While the family supported local political unrest, her father kept a low-profile due to his role running a local clinic. Her mother was involved in community work, including running soup kitchens and night-school, and working with the elderly Jewish community.
In late 1960s, she and her husband, anthropologist John Comaroff moved to Great Britain to pursue a PhD in anthropology. Both Jean and John Comaroff were faculty members at the University of Chicago between 1979 and 2012.
For full interview, see 2008 interview with Kalman Applbaum.
Personal Quotes.
"The fascinating thing is that anthropology is anti-hegemonic in many of the questions it asks, and is threatened in many places. But the ideas produced within anthropology are still generative far beyond the discipline." Nov. 2008
Publications.
Joint Publications (with John Comaroff):

</doc>
<doc id="19573948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573948" title="Lynn Kelly">
Lynn Kelly

Lynn Kelly is an Irish model, and former Miss Universe Ireland.
In 2008, Dublin-born Kelly was crowned Miss Universe Ireland, narrowly beating rival Lorraine Turner in the finals. Judges at the ceremony included Rosanna Davison, Bianca Gascoigne, Duncan James, and Brendan O'Connor. 
Prior to becoming Miss Universe Ireland, had nursed her grandmother, who was diagnosed with breast cancer in 1996, to health. She is a keen Irish dancer, and has won several dancing competitions. 

</doc>
<doc id="19573956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573956" title="List of Speakers of the House of Assembly of Zimbabwe">
List of Speakers of the House of Assembly of Zimbabwe

This is a list of Speakers of the House of Assembly of Zimbabwe and its historical antecedents since 1923.

</doc>
<doc id="19573965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573965" title="TT6">
TT6

The Theban Tomb TT6 is located in Deir el-Medina, part of the Theban Necropolis, on the west bank of the Nile, opposite to Luxor. It is the burial place of the Ancient Egyptian artisans named Neferhotep and Nebnefer (father and son respectively), who lived during the end of the 18th and beginning of the 19th Dynasty.
Neferhotep the Younger, son of Nebnufer and grandson of Neferhotep is buried in TT216.
Tomb.
In the passage into the tomb both Nebnefer and Neferhotep are mentioned. Neferhotep is called Chief Workman in the Place of Truth.
In the chapel the right side shows the son Nebnufer. He is depicted with his wife Iyi before a goddess. In another scene Nebnufer, his wife Iyi and her mother Ese receive receive offerings, while nearby Nebnufer and Iyi are shown playing a game. In the scene where Nebnefer and his wife adore Re-Harakhti, he is specifically said to be the son of the dignitary of the Western Side, Chief workman of the Place of Truth, Neferhotep.
The left side of the chapel shows scenes with Neferhotep and his wife Iyemwaw. The couple appear with several children. Their son Nakhy is an army scribe and chariot warrior of His Majesty, Mose is a transport officer of His Majesty, horse groom and Porter of the temple of Usermaatre Setepenre. A daughter Tuya also appears before her parents.
The ceiling has two parallel inscriptions. One for Nebnefer and his wife, the other for Neferhotep and his wife.
A shrine contains more scenes. Neferhotep and Nebnufer are shown with relatives before Khnum, Anuqet and Satis in one scene, while they appear before Anuqet and the Horus falcon in another. 

</doc>
<doc id="19573992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573992" title="Nabbie's Love">
Nabbie's Love

Music.
The film's music is an eclectic mix of Japanese, English, and Irish influences.

</doc>
<doc id="19573997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19573997" title="Gunnleifur Gunnleifsson">
Gunnleifur Gunnleifsson

Gunnleifur Vignir Gunnleifsson (born 14 July 1975) is an Icelandic football goalkeeper, who currently plays for Breiðablik, having spent most of his career with Breiðablik's Kópavogur rivals HK.
Career.
Gunnleifur started his career with local club HK by making 3 appearances in the 1995 season as the club was relegated from the 1. deild to the 2. deild. He joined lower-league club KVA from Eskifjörður and Reyðarfjörður (later known as Fjarðabyggð) and was their 1st choice goalkeeper for the 1996 season as the club was promoted from the lowest league, the 3. deild, to the 2. deild. He then headed back to HK to be their main goalkeeper for the 1997 season in the 2. deild, as the club was promoted to the 1. deild again, along with Gunnleifur's former club KVA. 
After impressing in the lower leagues he moved to Úrvalsdeild club KR where he played 10 of 18 games in the 1998 Úrvalsdeild, keeping a clean-sheet for seven games in a row, as well as keeping national team goalkeeper (8 games in the last year before that) Kristján Finnbogason out of the team as KR finished 2nd in the league. He only managed one game in the 1999 season where KR won their first Icelandic title for 31 years, moving to fellow Úrvalsdeild outfit Keflavík before the 2000 season as the club finished 6th, 2 points away from relegation, and again as they finished 6th in the 2001 season, this time 4 points away from relegation. 
Despite having played every game of both seasons for Keflavík he transferred back to his local club, HK, before the 2002 2. deild season as the club was promoted to the 1. deild again. The club won the league by winning 15 of 18 games and only losing once, with Gunnleifur even managing to score in the last game of the season against Selfoss from a penalty in the 70th minute to make the score 6–1, with the game finishing 7–2. He remained the first choice for HK as the club finished 8th in 2003, 3rd in 2004 two points from a promotion place, 7th in 2005 and as the club finished 2nd in 2006 and were promoted to the Úrvalsdeild for the first time. 
There he played every game in 2007 as HK finished 9th, two points away from relegation, and every game but one in 2008 as the club was relegated in 11th place. Gunnleifur joined Liechtenstein based Swiss Super League club FC Vaduz on loan on 13 February 2009 in the Icelandic off-season. He didn't return from the loan until late July, in the middle of the Icelandic season, and played 8 games as HK finished 3rd in the 2009 1. deild. 
Before the 2010 Úrvalsdeild season, as he was now the main goalkeeper for the national team, he transferred to Icelandic champions FH. The club lost out on the title on goal difference to Breiðablik in his first season and finished 2nd again in the 2011 season, three points behind the champions. In the 2012 season he won his first Icelandic title (besides featuring in one game in a title-winning 1999 season) as FH finished 1st, 13 points ahead of Breiðablik.
After that season, as FH weren't ready to offer him more than a 1-year contract, he transferred to Breiðablik before the 2013 Úrvalsdeild season and signed a 3-year contract. The move wasn't popular with HK fans, as HK and Breiðablik are the two major teams from Kópavogur and as such have a rivalry.
International career.
During his time with Keflavík he played his first three international games, his debut coming as an 83rd minute substitute in a 5–0 friendly victory against Malta in July 2000. He featured as the starting goalkeeper in two games in South America in January 2001, against Uruguay and Chile, but didn't feature after that until after his 2008 season with HK. After that he featured in 18 games from his start against the Netherlands in October 2008 until his start against Israel in November 2010, then not featuring in 2011 at all. He played three games in 2012, but was mostly a substitute for Hannes Þór Halldórsson.

</doc>
<doc id="19574004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574004" title="Football League Two Manager of the Month">
Football League Two Manager of the Month

The Manager of the Month is an association football award that recognises the manager adjudged best for each month of the season in the Football League Two, the fourth tier of English football. The recipient is chosen by a panel assembled by the League's sponsor and announced alongside The Championship and League One Manager of the Month awards at the beginning of the following month. For sponsorship reasons, since its inception it has been known as the Coca-Cola Manager of the Month award, with the company sponsoring the league from 2004 to 2010.
Coca-Cola had agreed a three-year deal to become the new sponsor of the League early in 2004, and in June 2004 it was announced that the League would be completely re-branded. The Third Division, which had been the fourth tier of English football since 1992 when the top 22 clubs broke away to form the Premier League, was renamed League Two. The Premier League already awarded a Manager of the Month award, since the start of the 1993–94 season, and Coca-Cola introduced a Manager of the Month award for League Two when they became sponsors at the start of the 2004–05 season; the first recipient was Brian Horton for his achievements in August 2004 with Macclesfield Town.

</doc>
<doc id="19574008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574008" title="John Hill (police officer)">
John Hill (police officer)

Sir John Maxwell Hill CBE DFC QPM (25 March 1914 – 6 May 2004) was a British police officer.
Hill was born in Plymouth, the son of a civil servant. He was educated at Plymouth College and joined the Metropolitan Police as a Constable in 1933. In 1938 he was selected for Hendon Police College and passed out the following year.
During the Second World War, Hill served in the Royal Air Force Volunteer Reserve. Enlisting in 1942, he was commissioned (from the rank of Leading Aircraftman) as a Pilot Officer in February 1944. In August 1944 he was promoted Flying Officer. In September 1945, while serving with 622 Squadron, he was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross (DFC).
Hill was promoted Deputy Commander at Scotland Yard in 1959. In 1963, he was promoted Commander and appointed second-in-command of No.3 District (North-East London). In 1964 he transferred to No.1 District (North-West London) and in 1965 he was appointed one of HM Inspectors of Constabulary.
He returned to the Metropolitan Police as Assistant Commissioner "A" (Operations and Administration) in October 1966. In 1968 he become Assistant Commissioner "D" (Personnel and Training), and on 1 April 1972 he was appointed Deputy Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis. He was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in 1969.
On 3 December 1972 he became HM Chief Inspector of Constabulary. He was knighted in the 1974 New Year Honours and retired in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="19574012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574012" title="Judo at the 1992 Summer Paralympics">
Judo at the 1992 Summer Paralympics

Judo at the 1992 Summer Paralympics consisted of seven events for men.

</doc>
<doc id="19574039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574039" title="TT7">
TT7

The Theban Tomb TT7 is located in Deir el-Medina, part of the Theban Necropolis, on the west bank of the Nile, opposite to Luxor. It is the burial place of the Ancient Egyptian artisan (his exact title was Scribe in the Place of Truth) named Ramose, who lived during the 19th Dynasty, during the reign of Ramesses II. 
Ramose was the son of Amenemhab and Kakaia. His wife is named Mutemwia.
The tomb consists of a court and a chapel. The chapel is decorated with scenes showing Amenhotep I, Ahmose Nefertari, Horemheb and Tuthmosis IV. Another scene shows King Ramesses II followed by the vizier Paser (TT106) offering before the Theban Triad: Amun, Mut and Khonsu. 
Ramose also created a total of three tombs for himself in the necropolis, the others being TT212 and TT250.

</doc>
<doc id="19574076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574076" title="TT9 (Tomb)">
TT9 (Tomb)

The Theban Tomb TT9 is located in Deir el-Medina, part of the Theban Necropolis, on the west bank of the Nile, opposite to Luxor. It is the burial place of an Ancient Egyptian artisan (his exact title was Servant in the Place of Truth) named Amenmose, who lived during the 20th Dynasty, during the reign of Ramesses III. 
Amenmose was a Servant in the Place of Truth and a Charmer of Scorpions. His wife was named Tent-hom.

</doc>
<doc id="19574080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574080" title="Bryan Cutler">
Bryan Cutler

Bryan Cutler is a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 100th legislative district. He was first elected in 2006, defeating incumbent Gibson C. Armstrong.
Cutler was born in Peach Bottom, Pennsylvania and attended Solanco High School. He graduated from Lancaster School of Radiology in 1995 and earned a bachelor's degree from Lebanon Valley College in 2001. He worked as an X-Ray Technologist at Lancaster Regional Medical Center and as a Manager of Support Services at Lancaster General Hospital. In 2006, he earned a law degree with a Certificate in Health Care from Widener University School of Law.
He served on the Drumore Township Planning Commission and represented Drumore Township in the Regional Planning Commission.
He was first elected in 2006, defeating incumbent Gibson C. Armstrong, who was a supporter of the controversial 2005 legislative pay raise.

</doc>
<doc id="19574085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574085" title="Workers' Youth League">
Workers' Youth League

The Workers' Youth League may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19574096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574096" title="Gwen Mahlangu-Nkabinde">
Gwen Mahlangu-Nkabinde

Gwen Mahlangu-Nkabinde (born 16 August 1955) is a South African politician who was Speaker of the National Assembly of South Africa from 2008 to 2009. She became Deputy Speaker on 23 April 2004 and was later elected as Speaker on 25 September 2008; in the latter post, she succeeded Baleka Mbete, who was appointed as Deputy President of South Africa, and Mahlangu-Nkabinde was in turn succeeded as Deputy Speaker by former Deputy Health Minister Nozizwe Madlala-Routledge. Following the April 2009 general election, she was replaced as Speaker by Max Sisulu on 6 May 2009.
She was appointed Minister of Public Works on 1 November 2010 until she was replaced for her role in the police lease scandal in 2011. Prior to that, she had served as Deputy Minister of Economic Development from 11 May 2009 to 30 October 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19574104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574104" title="Sosialdemokrater mot EU">
Sosialdemokrater mot EU

Sosialdemokrater mot EU () was a Norwegian interest organization which opposed a future Norwegian membership in the European Union, coupled with a Social Democrat ideology. It was special in that the Social Democrat Norwegian Labour Party, spearheaded by Prime Minister Gro Harlem Brundtland, strongly supported such a membership. "Sosialdemokrater mot EU" was active in 1993 and 1994, around the Norwegian European Union membership referendum, 1994 where a majority rejected the membership.
Its leader was Hallvard Bakke, and its vice leader was Tove Strand Gerhardsen. Its members of the board included Anneliese Dørum.
While the Labour Party supported EU membership, their young wing Workers' Youth League was the most active organization within "Sosialdemokrater mot EU". Trond Giske chaired the Workers' Youth League at that time, and many young Labour Party politicians worked as secretaries, including Anne Marit Bjørnflaten, Trond Jensrud, Synnøve Konglevoll, and Wegard Harsvik.

</doc>
<doc id="19574122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574122" title="FK Polet Nakovo">
FK Polet Nakovo

FK Polet is a Serbian football club based in Nakovo, Kikinda, Serbia. FK Polet competes in Kikinda - Novi Becej Municipal League
History.
The club was built in 1946 in Nakovo.
Current squad.
"For current season 2012/2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19574151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574151" title="Choi Kwang-Hee">
Choi Kwang-Hee

Choi Kwang-Hee (born May 17, 1984) is a South Korea football player who since 2008 has played for Busan I'Park (formerly Ulsan Hyundai and Jeonbuk Hyundai).

</doc>
<doc id="19574153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574153" title="Aajonus Vonderplanitz">
Aajonus Vonderplanitz

Aajonus Vonderplanitz (born "Richard Swigart" in 1947, died 28 August 2013) was an American nutritionist and activist, based in Malibu, California and in Thailand, who developed the Primal Diet. Vonderplanitz claimed that in his 20s, he was diagnosed with multiple, terminal cancers resistant to conventional treatments but reversed through raw diets, especially once he included raw meat. Increasingly popular, the Primal Diet is principally raw meat, raw eggs, raw dairy, raw bland fruit, and unheated honey. Vonderplanitz operated the non-profit organization Right to Chose Healthy Food, and spreadheaded the abolition of California's ban on the sale of raw milk in stores. He is author of two books: "We Want To Live" (1997/2005) as well as "The Recipe for Living Without Disease" (2002).
Death.
Aajonus fell from his second story balcony at his home in Thailand when it gave way. He suffered a broken spine and internal bleeding and was taken to the hospital where he died.
External links.
http://www.aajonusvonderplanitz.com

</doc>
<doc id="19574156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574156" title="Davíð Viðarsson">
Davíð Viðarsson

Davíð Þór Viðarsson (born 24 April 1984) is an Icelandic footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Danish 1st Division club Vejle Boldklub Kolding and the Iceland national team.
He has been the club captain of Úrvalsdeild club FH Hafnarfjörður. He had previously played in the Norwegian Premier League with Lillestrøm SK and has represented his country on 8 occasions.
He signed for Swedish Superettan club Östers IF on a three-year contract in December 2009 [http://www.osterfotboll.com/content/view/1904/2/].
On 14 August 2012, Viðarsson joined Danish 1st Division side Vejle Boldklub Kolding on a two-year contract.
Davíð is the brother of midfielders Bjarni Viðarsson and Arnar Viðarsson.

</doc>
<doc id="19574159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574159" title="Jorian Jenks">
Jorian Jenks

Jorian Edward Forwood Jenks (1899 – 20 August 1963) was an English farmer, environmentalism pioneer and fascist. He has been described as "one of the most dominant figures in the development of the organic movement".
Early life.
Born in Oxford, Jenks was the son of Edward Jenks, a leading expert on jurisprudence and his second wife. A farmer, Jenks was educated at the Harper Adams Agricultural College and Balliol College, Oxford, whilst he also served in the First World War. After some years in New Zealand during the 1920s, Jenks returned to England. After lecturing for a spell Jenks took over his own farm in Angmering, West Sussex. However he was forced to give up his farm due to the slump in agricultural prices and his own chronic asthma. From this point on Jenks was forced to rely on writing as his source of income, penning articles for such journals as Philip Mairet's "New English Weekly" and Maurice Reckitt's "Christendom".
Pre-war fascism.
A member of the British Union of Fascists, he was the agricultural advisor to the party. He organised garden parties to raise funds for the BUF, a fairly common technique amongst the party's more affluent and rural supporters. A self-styled 'critic of modern economy', he wrote for the BUF journal "Action" under the pseudonym 'Vergillius'. He also wrote articles on animal husbandry for the non-BUF journal "New Pioneer", an anti-Semitic work founded in late 1938 by John Beckett and Lord Lymington. In 1936 Jenks was picked as candidate for the forthcoming general election for Horsham and Worthing. 
Jenks took charge of the agricultural policy of the BUF, seeking to lead Britain to agricultural autarky. He called for import controls and the establishment of an Agricultural Land Bank in order to make farm debt more manageable as well as an Agricultural Corporation to fix prices and fit in with the BUF corporatist economic policy. Landowners who were seen to be misusing their land would also be subject to compulsory purchase, with a Volunteer Land Army established to restore the reclaimed territory. Whilst Jenks' ideas were never put into practice it has been argued that they did have an impact on government policy, as moves towards agricultural self-sufficiency became the cornerstone of policy in the late 1940s whilst earlier initiatives such as the British Empire Economic Conference and Import Duties Act 1932 also borrowed from Jenks' protectionist vision. Similarly the Defence Regulations included DR49 which allowed for compulsory land purchase, whilst the Agriculture Act 1947 allowed for price-fixing as Jenks had suggested.
Although an important member of the BUF Jenks was something of a maverick who disagreed with leader Oswald Mosley on a number of issues. Unlike Mosley, who felt that British society was in rapid decline, Jenks felt that the country was in a slow Spenglerian decay. Neither did he share BUF leader's unbounded faith in modern science, instead taking a more sceptical and ambivalent stance. Despite these disagreements he remained a BUF member and in common with most of the leading figures in the group was detained under Defence Regulation 18B in 1940. Indeed in the run-up to the detentions Mosley's contingency plans in the event that he was imprisoned named Jenks as temporary leader in his absence, although this did not come to pass due to Jenks' own internment. Jenks was initially detained at Latchmere House in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames for interrogation, before being transferred to Walton Gaol where he was subject to 23 hour lockdown. He was released in 1941 and became a tenant farmer in Seaford, East Sussex.
Post-war activism.
After the war he did not join the Union Movement, although he did assist in preparing its policy statement "None Need Starve", which offered a new agricultural plan. He sought to build a 'spiritual ecologism' that would bond man and soil. To this end he joined Lady Eve Balfour's Soil Association, a pro-organic farming group, in 1945. He also joined Rolf Gardiner's Kinship in Husbandry and H. J. Massingham's Council for the Church and Countryside, two other traditionalist rural groups He argued in favour of organicism, feeling that the quality of food and the health of a nation were inextricably linked. He felt that the key to health was Bergsonian vitalism, but added to this the belief that the decline in food standards would directly precipitate the fall of Western civilisation.
It was with the Soil Association that he reached the widest audience as he edited the group's "Mother Earth" journal. Although Jenks remained associated with the Soil Association until his death the group later moved to the left and Jenks' role has subsequently been marginalised. His other main group involvement was in the Rural Reconstruction Association, a group initially founded in 1929 by Quaker Montague Fordham. Jenks served as press secretary for the RRA and edited their journal "Rural Economy" whilst building up a coterie of former fascists or fascist sympathisers within the group in the shape of ex-BUF members Derek Stuckey and Robert Saunders as well as some former members of the English Mistery. Jenks used his position as editor of the RRA journal to advocate agricultural autarky.
Jenks' post-war writings included "The Country Year" (1946), "British Agriculture and International Trade" (1948), "From the Ground Up: An Outline of the Rural Economy" (1950) and "The Stuff Man's Made Of: The Positive Approach to Health through Nutrition" (1959) which was much more ecological and less fascist than his previous works. Although the organic movement has in general moved away from the politics espoused by Jenks, his influence has been felt as his themes of sustainability, small farming, opposition to the over-reliance on mechanised farming and mistrust of international food trade over local produce remain central. At the suggestion of Rolf Gardiner he sent his work to the former Nazi Agriculture Minister Richard Walther Darré who continued to write on the themes of blood and soil after the war.

</doc>
<doc id="19574164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574164" title="Benjamin Lee (academic)">
Benjamin Lee (academic)

Benjamin Lee is a professor of anthropology and philosophy at The New School, where he also served as provost from 2006 until 2008. Lee's primary academic interests include contemporary China; the cultural dimensions of globalization, particularly the effects of global financial flows; and modern theories of language.
Lee graduated from Johns Hopkins University with a BA in psychology and later attended the University of Chicago, where he received an MA in human development and a PhD in anthropology.

</doc>
<doc id="19574180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574180" title="Choi Ki-Suk">
Choi Ki-Suk

Choi Ki-Suk (born March 28, 1986) is a South Korea football player. He has previously spent his career at Ulsan Hyundai FC.

</doc>
<doc id="19574199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574199" title="Angel of God">
Angel of God

Angel of God is a Roman Catholic traditional prayer for the intercession of the guardian angel, often taught by mothers to their young children as the first prayer learned. It serves as a reminder of God's love, and by enjoining the guardian angel to support the child in a loving way, the prayer echoes God's abiding love.

</doc>
<doc id="19574200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574200" title="Iqbal Memorial Institute">
Iqbal Memorial Institute

Iqbal Memorial Institute () (IMI) is an educational institution in the Bemina area of Srinagar,Anantnag the major cities of Jammu and Kashmir. Named after the Kashmiri poet who inspired the Pakistan Movement, Allama Iqbal, Iqbal Memorial Institute was founded under the aegis of the Iqbal Memorial Trust in 1981.
Background.
In 1998, the governing body of Iqbal Memorial Trust raised the level of IMI to +2 stage from the year 1999. The +2 Wing is functioning in IMI (Boys), Sir Syed-abad while the girls wing started in the newly constructed building adjacent to IMI (Girls), Iqbalabad, Srinagar.
Location.
The girls wing is on the left side of the Bemina, Budgam road, at Iqbalabad Bemina, opposite the Government Degree College, Bemina; the boys wing of the IMI is on the same side of the road half a kilometer from the girls wing at Sir Syedabad Bemina, Srinagar, opposite the Bemina Housing Colony.
Admission.
Upper Kindergarten (UKG).
UKG is the main entry point for admission. For admission to UKG a syllabus has been devised suitable for an age group of 4–5 years. The number of seats for admission to UKG is limited and prescribed. Admission is granted on the basis of merit for the seats prescribed for Open Merit Category.
Two sections of UKG, one for boys and one for girls, comprising 34 students each, are allowed admission every year. For the students who qualify on written test, a physical checkup and viva is conducted before the final selection is notified.
1st to 9th.
The number of seats in class/section is limited and prescribed, but at the end of each academic session, vacancies if any, are notified and filled up on the basis of open merit ascertained through a written entrance test.
+2 level.
The number of seats for admission to the Higher Secondary Level Part I (11th Class) is limited and prescribed for students in the Open Merit Category as well as other categories.
Admission to 11th class in Medical and Non-Medical with sixth subject option of Information Technology, Biotechnology and Functional English only is open to all students irrespective of the school from which they have passed the matriculation examination. Admission is on the basis of merit in the said examination as well as the child's performance in a single objective type written test paper in English, Physics, Chemistry, Bio-Sciences and Mathematics (of the matriculation standard of J & K BOSE) conducted by the IMI.
Only those students who pass the 11th class examination in IMI +2 Wing (will be admitted to 12th Class after paying the necessary fee.
Student Information Messaging (SIM) system.
Communication software called "Student Information Messaging" system has been installed in the IMI. It is a two-way communication system so that the institute can communicate with parents through mobile phone text messages.

</doc>
<doc id="19574216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574216" title="Kraai van Niekerk">
Kraai van Niekerk

André Isak "Kraai" van Niekerk, born in 1938 in Eshowe in KwaZulu-Natal, is a former South African politician. 
He obtained a Ph.D. in Agriculture at the University of Stellenbosch, and then went on to work in several research positions before settling down in Rugseer near Kenhardt as a sheep farmer. 
Van Niekerk embarked on a political career for the National Party when he was elected MP for Prieska in 1981. He became Deputy Minister of Agriculture in the cabinet of P. W. Botha in 1986. F. W. de Klerk appointed him Minister of Agriculture in 1990. 
He was the only minister of the last apartheid government to keep his post in the Government of National Unity under Nelson Mandela (until the end of the GNU in 1996). 
For some time, he was also the National Party's Chairman in the Northern Cape. He retired from parliament in 1997 to join Louis Luyt's Federal Alliance before the elections in 1999. After the 1999 elections, he became part of the two-member caucus of the FA, which entered into an alliance with the Democratic Alliance. 
After the elections in 2004 he became Spokesperson on Agriculture of the DA caucus in the National Assembly. Van Niekerk, who is a member of AgriSA, has represented not less than three parties in the South African parliament. He is married to Theresa and the couple have three children.

</doc>
<doc id="19574219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574219" title="Lee Seung-Hyun">
Lee Seung-Hyun

Lee Seung-Hyun (; born July 25, 1985) is a South Korea football player who since 2013 has been playing for Sangju Sangmu Phoenix.

</doc>
<doc id="19574221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574221" title="Fairfax County Chamber of Commerce">
Fairfax County Chamber of Commerce

The Fairfax County Chamber of Commerce is the largest chamber of commerce in the Washington D.C. Metro area and in Fairfax County, Virginia. It represents 650+ businesses and 500,000 employees across the region. It is considered to be the most powerful business organization in the Northern Virginia region. 
The Fairfax Chamber provides the Northern Virginia business community with access to opportunities represented by the Chamber’s four foundational pillars: business development, thought leadership, strategic advocacy, and community partnerships.
Mission statement.
"To develop, encourage and promote the economic vitality, quality of life and political interests of its members and the businesses of Northern Virginia for the benefit of the broader community"
Debates.
The annual Fairfax County Chamber Debates are typically one of three statewide annual debates. The Chamber has been hosting their debate since 1989 when they hosted Democrat Douglas Wilder and Republican Marshall Coleman. Douglas Wilder won the election and became the first African American governor in the country. On September 19, 2008 the Fairfax Chamber hosted Democrat Mark Warner and Republican Jim Gilmore in a debate.

</doc>
<doc id="19574229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574229" title="Bahlen">
Bahlen

Bahlen may refer to the following places in Germany:

</doc>
<doc id="19574230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574230" title="Bahlen (Boizenburg)">
Bahlen (Boizenburg)

Bahlen is a place in Germany near Ludwigslust. It is one of the town subdivisions ("Ortsteile") of Boizenburg, a municipality in the district of Ludwigslust-Parchim, in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania.
The nearest airport is Lübeck Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="19574231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574231" title="Bahlen (Dinklage)">
Bahlen (Dinklage)

Bahlen is a village in the town of Dinklage, in the district of Vechta, in Lower Saxony in Germany.
The nearest airport is in Diepholz.

</doc>
<doc id="19574240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574240" title="Powerlifting at the 1992 Summer Paralympics">
Powerlifting at the 1992 Summer Paralympics

Powerlifting at the 1992 Summer Paralympics consisted of ten events for men.

</doc>
<doc id="19574241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574241" title="Ibrahimkhil">
Ibrahimkhil

Ibrahimkhil or Ibrahimkhel (Pashto:ابراهيمخيل) are a major Pashtun tribe. The Ibrahimkhils live in places such as Kabul, Kandahar, Paktia, Paktika, Laghman, Qunduz, Mazar-e-sharif, Herat, Peshawar, Quetta and some other parts of Pashtunistan. All the historical references show that Ibrahimkhils are the descendants of the Ghilzais.
The Ibrahim Khel are known to be the most prevalent sub-tribe of the Babars. They primarily reside in Pirpiai, Chaudhwan, Multan, Ibrahim Khel Kot, Zhob, Qila Saifullah, Dera Ghazi Khan in Pakistan. In Afghanistan, they have communities in Kandahar and Sheberghan.
A very large number of the Ibrahimkhil tribes live in Kabul province's Paghman District.

</doc>
<doc id="19574244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574244" title="Mauree Gingrich">
Mauree Gingrich

Mauree A. Gingrich is a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 101st District and was elected in 2002. She serves on the House Aging and Older Adult Services, Appropriations, Health and Human Services, and Local Government Committees.
Personal.
Gingrich lives in Palmyra with her husband. She has four children and six grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="19574247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574247" title="Ramose (TT7)">
Ramose (TT7)

The Ancient Egyptian artisan Ramose lived in Deir el-Medina on the west bank of the Nile, opposite Thebes, during the reigns of Ramesses II. He was buried in a tomb in the village necropolis.
Ramose created a total of three tombs for himself in the Theban Necropolis, TT7, TT212 and TT250.
His titles included Scribe in the Place of Truth, meaning that he worked on the excavation and decoration of nearby royal tombs.

</doc>
<doc id="19574249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574249" title="Park Hee-Do">
Park Hee-Do

Park Hee-Do (born 20 March 1986) is a South Korea football player who currently plays for Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors.

</doc>
<doc id="19574252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574252" title="Amsterdam–Zutphen railway">
Amsterdam–Zutphen railway

The Amsterdam–Zutphen railway is a railway line in the Netherlands - running from Amsterdam to Zutphen; the line passes through the towns Hilversum, Amersfoort and Apeldoorn. It is also informally called the "Oosterspoorweg" ("eastern railway"), with the part between Amsterdam and Amersfoort sometimes being called the "Gooilijn" ("Gooi line").
History.
The railway between Amsterdam and Amersfoort was opened by the Hollandsche IJzeren Spoorweg-Maatschappij in 1874 with the Amersfoort–Zutphen section opening in 1876. It was intended as an alternative connection between Amsterdam and the German border and competed with the Staatsspoor-run Amsterdam–Arnhem railway ("Rhijnspoor").
Trajectory.
The railway begins at Amsterdam Centraal. Between Centraal and just before Amsterdam Muiderpoort railway station, the railway is six tracks-wide; at Amsterdam Muiderpoort, two tracks diverge off towards Utrecht Centraal (cf. Amsterdam–Arnhem railway). Through the eastern side of Amsterdam Muiderpoort, there are eight tracks towards Weesp - just two of these tracks are for trains calling at the station. South of this station, the railways goes back to six tracks as it crosses the Ringvaart. 500 metres east of Amsterdam Muiderpoort is the entrance to Watergraafsmeer rail depot; this is also the point where the Schiphol freight bridge is located. At this point, the line goes to two tracks. The view of the depot is not perfect from the railway. At the end of the depot the railway goes over the A10 ring road of Amsterdam. At Diemen station there is a short section of 3 track railway, this stays as 3 tracks until just before Gaasperdammerweg Junction, before this point there is a single track line coming from Watergraafsmeer depot.
The railway line crosses the river Diem, then it becomes a 4 track railway, with two tracks joining from Schiphol. Once the lines have all joined, the line continues as a 6 track section, crossing the A9. It then becomes a 4 track section, crossing the Amsterdam-Rhine Canal with two large bridges side-by-side.
On the approaches of Weesp, an extra two tracks exist so that there are 6 tracks, with two tracks through the middle for passing trains. This is where passengers to Almere and Lelystad, Hilversum and Amersfoort, Amsterdam and Diemen and Schiphol and Duivendrecht would all change for destinations not served by their train. It reduces back to 4 tracks and then 2 km south of Weesp, the line splits, with the Flevolijn having two tracks branch off, where the line goes to Almere Centrum and Lelystad Centrum. The main line continues as a 2 track section. The Gooiboog then joins on not far from the other Almere line.
The next station is Naarden-Bussum, which has four tracks, with a single and an island platform. One outside line is used as a passing line only. The line then returns to 2 tracks until Hilversum.
The next station is Bussum Zuid, which is a simple 2 track station, with two platforms opposite each other. After the station, is the freight carriage works of Crailoo.
The next station is Hilversum Noord, again a simple 2 track station, with two platforms opposite each other.
The next station is Hilversum, which is the main station between Amsterdam Centraal and Amersfoort. Here there are 5 tracks, the last 2 of which had platforms, which were finished in December 2007, to accommodate the Intercity trains. Immediately after the station is the junction with the line to Utrecht. This line goes directly to Utrecht Lunetten, but the passenger services running via Utrecht Centraal. The line continues as a 2 track section again.
The next station is Baarn, which has 3 tracks. This station layout will be change in December 2008, to 3 through tracks and 1 terminating from Soest direction. This continues as 3 tracks for about 400 m until the Stichtse lijn branches off to Soest and Utrecht.
Then the line continues as a double track section until approaching Amersfoort. Then come the yards of Amersfoort on both sides of the line. Then the main line joins the Utrecht–Kampen railway ("Centraalspoorweg") from Utrecht. The station has 10 tracks in total, consisting of 3 large island platforms. There is 1 passing line within the platforms and with 3 passing tracks at the northern part of the station. Access to the Leusden line is from platforms 1 and 2. The original Amersfoort line is just 200 m from the station by train. The station building is the only remnent of this.

</doc>
<doc id="19574260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574260" title="Billy Findlay">
Billy Findlay

William 'Billy' Findlay (born 29 August 1970 in Kilmarnock) is a Scottish former association footballer who played as a midfielder. Findlay began his senior career with Hibernian, making just over 100 appearances for the Easter Road side before moving back to hometown club Kilmarnock in the mid-1990s. From there, Findlay spent a year with Ayrshire rivals Ayr United before a short spell with Queen of the South.
Findlay represented Scotland under-21 on four occasions during his time with Hibernian.
After leaving senior football, Findlay played for Maybole up until the mid-2000s.

</doc>
<doc id="19574272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574272" title="Luzhou Laojiao">
Luzhou Laojiao

Luzhou Laojiao () is a famous liquor in China. It is a strongly alcoholic (more than 50% alcohol) but clear liquid with a sharp aroma of fermented peaches. It is famous for being brewed in an environment with a unique clay composition that gives the spirit its famous aroma and palette.
History.
The history of the distillery dates back to 1573 in the Ming Dynasty, and it is one of the oldest Chinese liquors that is still in production.
Luzhou Laojiao is now exclusively produced by Luzhou Laojiao Company Limited (), which is headquartered in Luzhou, Sichuan province, China. Luzhou Laojiao is considered to be one of the best beverages in Sichuan. Two other well-known beverages of Sichuan are Mianzhu daqu and Wuliangye.

</doc>
<doc id="19574288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574288" title="Molefi Sefularo">
Molefi Sefularo

Molefi Sefularo (9 July 1957 – 5 April 2010) was the Deputy Minister of Health of South Africa from 25 September 2008 until his death. The position of Deputy Minister of Health had been vacant since Nozizwe Madlala-Routledge was dismissed from the post on 8 August 2007. He previously served as the MEC for Health in North West Province from 1994 to 2004.
Sefularo was born in Potchefstroom to Kenosi Solomon Sefularo and Masabata Martha Sefularo "née" Motsumi. He was a member of the UDF until its 1983 banning. He died at the age of 52 in a car accident on the N4 west of Pretoria.
Personal life.
Sefularo was married to Kgomotso Kgoathe from 19 October 1989 until his death. He had 3 daughters, Bonolo, Masechaba and Ipeleng, and one son, Chere.

</doc>
<doc id="19574300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574300" title="Song Tae-Lim">
Song Tae-Lim

Song Tae-Lim (, Hanja: 宋泰林; born 20 February 1984) is a South Korean football defender, who currently plays for Shenyang Dongjin in China League One.
Club career statistics.
Last update: 28 April 2010

</doc>
<doc id="19574310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574310" title="Christian Zionism in the United Kingdom">
Christian Zionism in the United Kingdom

Christian Zionism in the United Kingdom is a Christian ideology that sees the return of the Jews to the Holy Land as a fulfilment of scriptural prophecy. Supporters of Christian Zionism believe that the existence of the Jewish State can and should be supported on theological grounds.
History.
Proponents of Christian Zionism believe that Israel must belong to the Jewish people as one of the prerequisites for the return of Jesus to earth, and that Armageddon, an apocalyptic battle between good and evil, will take place when Jesus returns. The rising popularity in Britain of this apocalyptic premillennial eschatology and Zionist vision has been criticized by Christian evangelist Stephen Sizer. He and Christian Zionist David Pawson have publicly debated the issue. 
In 2007, the Israeli English-language newspaper Jerusalem Post, reported on the Jerusalem Summit Europe conference held in London, describing it as an attempt "to stem the tide of rising Islamic fundamentalism in Europe." According to the paper, the goal was to "rekindle the faded force of Christian Zionism in the United Kingdom."
Organisations.
Exploits Ministry is one of the London organizations actively promoting Christian Zionism. 
Other organisations are Christian Friends of Israel, UK, the Church's Ministry Among Jewish People (The Israel Trust of the Anglican Church), Intercessors For Britain (IFB), "Prayer Friends of Israel" (PFI), Derek Prince Ministries, Beit Yeshua, North East Messianic Fellowship, Bridges of Peace, C L Ministries, Evangelical Sisterhood of Mary, Hatikvah Film Trust, International Christian Embassy Jerusalem, UK, Messianic (Christian) Educational Trust, Paul Heyman International Ministries, Revelation TV, the Israel Britain Evangelistic Association and Christian Zionists for Israel UK.

</doc>
<doc id="19574318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574318" title="National Roofing Contractors Association">
National Roofing Contractors Association

The National Roofing Contractors Association, is one of the construction industry's most respected trade associations and the voice and leading authority in the roofing industry for information, education, technology and advocacy. Founded in 1886, NRCA is a nonprofit association that represents all segments of the roofing industry, including contractors; manufacturers; distributors; architects; consultants; engineers; building owners; and city, state and government agencies. NRCA's mission is to inform and assist the roofing industry, act as its principal advocate and help members in serving their customers. NRCA continually strives to enhance every aspect of the roofing industry. 
The Roofing Industry Alliance for Progress was established in 1996 to improve the roofing industry by bringing together all industry segments to help fund research and educational programs; provide timely and forward-thinking industry responses to major economic and technological issues; and enhance the long-term viability and attractiveness of the industry to roofing workers. Now, after more than 15 years of hard work and during one of the most difficult economic climates in recent history, the Alliance hasn't lost sight of these goals—it is as engaged as ever and continues to work to advance the roofing industry.
The National Roofing Legal Resource Center (NRLRC) is open to roofing, roof deck and waterproofing contractors and acts as a legal advocate for roofing contractors throughout the U.S. Issues such as contract language, employee relations, regulatory compliance, payment provisions, insurance coverage, and codes and standard can threaten a contractor's profitability and even its existence. NRLRC provides its members with assistance in addressing issues such as these, ultimately saving them time and legal fees.
The Center for Environmental Innovation in Roofing is a not-for-profit 501(c)(6) organization whose mission is to promote the development and use of environmentally responsible, high performance roof systems and technologies. Headquartered in Washington, D.C., the center serves as a forum to draw together the entire roofing industry to the common cause of raising public awareness of the strategic value of our nation's roofs in reducing energy consumption, mitigating environmental impact and enhancing the quality of the buildings in which we live and work.
Founded by the Center for Environmental Innovation in Roofing and Nationalwide Roofing Contractors Association, Roof Integrated Solar Energy (RISE) Inc. was created to provide a means of evaluating and certifying solar roofing professionals to support the widespread use of rooftop solar energy. RISE evaluates and certifies solar energy installers for knowledge about critical roof system construction and maintenance practices necessary to support successful rooftop solar energy installations based on principles regarding the, installation and maintenance of rooftop solar energy systems without adversely affecting roof system performance and service life. RISE also provides the public with tools to identify skilled rooftop solar energy professionals.

</doc>
<doc id="19574328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574328" title="Henry C. Wolf Law Library">
Henry C. Wolf Law Library

The Wolf Law Library is located at the College of William & Mary's School of Law in Williamsburg, Virginia, United States. It contains a 380,000 volume collection and is a member of the Consortium of Southeastern Law Libraries.
In 2008, The Princeton Review rated William & Mary's collective library system as the eighth best in the country and number one in the state of Virginia for a university system. The ranking was based on a survey of 120,000 students from 368 campuses nationwide.
Mission statement.
"The mission of the Wolf Law Library is to provide access to law and law-related resources and a wide range of services to support law school curriculum and programs, promote the advancement of legal scholarship, and fulfill the information needs of library users."
History.
Present day.
By the end of the twentieth century, the William & Mary Law Library was cramped and in need of overall renovation. With a strong budget, professional staff, and large collection, a $16.8-million renovation began in 2003 to address those needs. Construction between the spring of 2005 and the summer of 2006 added of space to the library.
On November 10, 2006, the library was renamed the Henry C. Wolf Law Library to honor alumnus Henry C. Wolf (Bachelor of Arts, 1964; Juris Doctor, 1966). The new Law Library, which was completed in the spring of 2007, covers and houses 380,000 volumes.

</doc>
<doc id="19574332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574332" title="Ryan McAdams">
Ryan McAdams

Ryan Bell McAdams (born March 16, 1982) is an American conductor.
Career.
in 2006, he received a Fulbright Grant for Stockholm, Sweden, where he spent the year serving as Apprentice Conductor to the Royal Stockholm Philharmonic, studying and traveling with then-Chief Conductor Alan Gilbert. In the spring of 2007, he was invited by Lorin Maazel to create the post of Apprentice Conductor for the Chateauville Foundation at the Maazel Estate in Virginia. As a result of the Aspen-Glimmerglass Prize, he served as Assistant Conductor for Glimmerglass Opera's 2007 season. 
In 2007, McAdams was named the 15th Music Director of the New York Youth Symphony. He made his Carnegie Hall debut on December 9, 2007 with the New York Youth Symphony and violin soloist William Harvey. His tenure with the NYYS garnered significant critical acclaim. During his five seasons as Music Director, he premiered 15 orchestral works by such leading young composers as Timo Andres, Clint Needham, Christopher Cerrone, Lembit Beecher, Ryan Gallagher, Robert Honstein, Ted Hearne, Elizabeth Kelly, Chris Rogerson, and Eric Guinivan. He also invited a variety of emerging soloists to make their Carnegie Hall debuts with the orchestra, including Kate Lindsey, Anthony McGill, Haochen Zhang, Jennifer Zetlan, Adam Golka, Hahn-Bin, Alex Sopp, the ACME Quartet, Eve Gigliotti, Genghis Barbie, and Jay Campbell. 
Since 2007, McAdams has appeared with, among others, the Los Angeles Philharmonic, Israel Philharmonic, Orchestra Sinfonica Nazionale della RAI, Maggio Musicale Fiorentino, The Academy of St. Martin in the Fields, New Jersey Symphony, Columbus Symphony, Indianapolis Symphony, CityMusic Cleveland, Glimmerglass Opera, Princeton Symphony, the Saint Paul Chamber Orchestra, the BUTI Tanglewood Orchestra, the Wordless Music Series (NYC), and at Carnegie Hall with the New York Youth Symphony.
McAdams made his European debut with the Maggio Musicale Orchestra in Florence in February, 2010, and was reinvited for subscription concerts in 2012. He returned to Italy in 2011 for concerts with the Orchestra Sinfonica Nazionale Della RAI in Turino, and was reinvited to conduct a concert performance of Bizet's "Les pêcheurs de perles" in 2015. He made his American opera debut with the New York City Opera in the spring of 2010, and was named Associate Conductor of the NYCO two months later. He made his Eastern European debut in Dubrovnik, Croatia with the Academy of St. Martin in the Fields in September 2010. In October, he conducted the world premiere of Jonathan Dawe's opera "Cracked Orlando" at the Italian Academy in New York, starring Anthony Roth Costanzo. His French debut came in April, 2013 with the Orchestre symphonique et lyrique de Nancy, and was immediately reinvited to conduct a new production of Leonard Bernstein's Candide for Opéra national de Lorraine that fall. He returns to Nancy for another production in the fall of 2014. He made his debut with Opera Theater of St. Louis in the summer of 2013, and returns there for another opera in 2015.
In the summer of 2010, he became the first-ever recipient of the Sir Georg Solti Emerging Conductor Award, a $10,000 prize given by the Solti Foundation in Chicago.
McAdams was the conductor for Elliott Carter's 103rd Birthday Concert at New York's 92nd Street Y with Fred Sherry and Nicholas Phan. Anthony Tommasini, writing in the New York Times, named the concert one of 2011's best classical music events. In 2012, McAdams substituted at the last minute for Rafael Frühbeck de Burgos in subscription concerts with the Israel Philharmonic and guitarist Angel Romero in Tel Aviv, Haifa, and Jerusalem. He returned to the Israel Philharmonic in the fall of 2013, replacing Christoph von Dohnanyi in a series of subscription concerts.
From 2007-2012, he served as the 15th Music Director of the New York Youth Symphony.
McAdams is managed exclusively by William Guerri at Columbia Artists Management (CAMI).

</doc>
<doc id="19574353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574353" title="1947 World Figure Skating Championships">
1947 World Figure Skating Championships

The World Figure Skating Championships is an annual figure skating competition sanctioned by the International Skating Union in which figure skaters compete for the title of World Champion. 
The 1947 competitions for men, ladies and pairs took place February 13 to 17, 1947 in Stockholm, Sweden. 
These were the first World Figure Skating Championships after World War II. Skaters from Germany, Austria and Japan were not allowed to compete.
Results.
Men.
Judges were
Ladies.
Judges were
Pairs.
Judges were

</doc>
<doc id="19574359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574359" title="Kim Seung-Hyun">
Kim Seung-Hyun

Kim Seung-Hyun (; born 18 August 1979) is a South Korea retired football player, having previously played for Gwangju Sangmu, Busan I'Park, and the Chunnam Dragons.
He was arrested on the charge connected with the match fixing allegations on 7 July 2011. But He was found not guilty in the supreme court.
Club career.
Kim spent the initial stages of his professional career at the Chunnam Dragons, before having to transfer to Gwangju Sangmu while fulfilling his military obligations. Completing his stint at Gwangju in 2005, Kim returned to the Dragons for two more seasons. For the 2008 K-League season, Kim moved to Busan for the year and then returned to the Dragons for a further two seasons. For 2011, Kim has transferred to Daegu FC.
International career.
Kim has made a single appearance for the U-23s, during the qualification stages for the 2000 Olympic games in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19574377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574377" title="Anigozanthos preissii">
Anigozanthos preissii

Anigozanthos preissii, the Albany Cat's paw, is a herbaceous plant species in the family Haemodoraceae, endemic to Western Australia.
The species is an upright perennial herb, with long leaves that emerge from a rhizome beneath the soil. A tall stalk emerges from the centre of these to present large red, orange and yellow flowers. The flowering period is sometime between October to November, when attains a height up to 0.8 metres. The leaves grey-green and arranged in a rosette at ground level.
It occurs in a range to the north and east of Albany, especially in the Warren region, along the southern coast of Southwest Australia.
"Anigozanthos preissii" was first described by Stephan Endlicher, in Lehmann's "Plantae Preissianae", using the variant spelling "Anigosanthus". The epithet is named for the botanist Ludwig Preiss.

</doc>
<doc id="19574389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574389" title="House at 3 Crown Street">
House at 3 Crown Street

The house at 3 Crown Street in Nelsonville, New York, United States is located at the corner of Crown, a short side street, and Secor Street. It is a 19th-century brick home that was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 as "the finest mid-century Italianate structure in the area."
It is a two-story, five-bay brick house on a stone foundation. The centrally-located doorway, behind a shed-roofed porch with two decorative piers, has an arched transom and four-paneled sidelights. All the windows have segmented arched brick lintels and shutters. The gabled roofline is distinguished by a modillioned cornice, and is pierced by two brick chimneys on the south and one large one at a cross-gable on the north. A rear wing has been added since the house was built.
Local property tax records suggest the house was built in 1868. It does not appear on the first map of Nelsonville, in 1867, but is on an 1876 version. There, its owner is identified as J. and B. Secor. Local builder E. Ferris, with whom Secor co-owned another property in town, is noted as being active in that area of the village on the earlier map. He is thus considered likely to have built 3 Crown Street.
Since the Secors, it has been through a number of owners, mainly physicians. They have collectively made very little change to the house.

</doc>
<doc id="19574394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574394" title="Cephalic index in cats and dogs">
Cephalic index in cats and dogs

Cephalic index is the charting of or classification of the Cephalic ratio; the cranial width as compared to cranial length. The cephalic index refers to the cranium and its relative size, comparing cranial length to cranial width.
This ratio does not include the muzzle or face and its relative size as compared to the cranium. The structure and size of the muzzle or face as related to the cranium or skull is classified as the craniofacial ratio, (cranio- combining form meaning head or skull and facial- combining form referring to the facial structures).
Many dog breeds are often erroneously categorized within the cephalic index based on their craniofacial ratio, (the size and structure of the face or muzzle as compared to the size and structure of the cranium), rather than their cephalic ratio, (the cranial width as compared to cranial length).
Cephalic index.
The cephalic index has three classifications:
Brachycephalic.
Brachycephaly, meaning short headed or broad headed, wherein the length of the cranium is shorter than the width. This gives the top and sides of the cranium a round shape, often referred to as 'apple-head'.
Wide or oval cranium.
Brachycephalic dog and cat breeds
Mesocephalic.
Mesocephaly, meaning the ratio of cranial length is equal to cranial width, normal or medium proportion.
Square cranium.
Mesocephalic dog and cat breeds
Dolichocephalic.
Dolichocephaly, meaning long headed, wherein the cranial length is greater than the cranial width.
Long, rectangular cranium.
Dolichocephalic dog and cat breeds

</doc>
<doc id="19574424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574424" title="2008 Currie Cup First Division">
2008 Currie Cup First Division

The 2008 Absa Currie Cup First Division season was contested from 27 June through to 10 October. The Currie Cup is an annual domestic competition for provincial rugby union teams in South Africa.
Overview.
The winner of the final plays against the team that are at the bottom of the Absa Currie Cup Premier Division standings and the runner-up plays the 2nd last team on the log for a chance to be promoted to the Premier Division. The SWD Eagles won the final of the 2007 Currie Cup First Division 38 – 3 against the Mighty Elephants, and faced the Valke in the playoff matches. The Mighty Elephants faced the Boland Kavaliers in their two leg matches.
Teams.
The SWD Eagles and the Mighty Elephants did not get promoted to the Premier Division. They both lost both their matches against the Valke and the Boland Kavaliers.
Final standings.
Updated 29 September 2008:
Week One.
! align=centre colspan=100| Bye
Week Two.
! align=centre colspan=100| Bye
Week Three.
! align=centre colspan=100| Bye
Week Eight.
! align=centre colspan=100| Bye
Week Nine.
! align=centre colspan=100| Bye
Week Twelve.
! align=centre colspan=100| Bye

</doc>
<doc id="19574427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574427" title="2009 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship qualification play-offs">
2009 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship qualification play-offs

The qualification play-offs for the 2009 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship took place from 10 October to 15 October 2008. The ten group winners and four best runners-up from the qualifying group stage were drawn together in pairs in order to determine the seven teams that joined hosts Sweden at the 2009 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship.
Matches.
Second legs.
"Austria 3–3 Finland on aggregate. Finland won 4–2 on penalties."
"Belarus won 2–1 on aggregate."
"England won 5–4 on aggregate."
"Spain won 4–3 on aggregate after extra time."
"Serbia won 2–0 on aggregate."
"Germany won 2–1 on aggregate."
"Italy won 3–1 on aggregate."

</doc>
<doc id="19574451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574451" title="Abdelaziz bin Khalifa Al Thani">
Abdelaziz bin Khalifa Al Thani

Abdelaziz bin Khalifa bin Hamad bin Abdullah bin Jassim bin Muhammed Al Thani, GCMG (born 12 December 1948 in Rayyan near Doha) (Arabic: عبد العزيز بن خليفة)
Early life.
Abdelaziz bin Khalifa is the first son of Khalifa bin Hamad Al Thani, the 8th Emir of Qatar, and eldest child of the Emir and his 1st spouse, Sheikha Amna bint Hassan bin Abdulla Al Thani. Sheikh Abdelaziz is the elder half-brother of Hamad, the former Emir of Qatar.
Career.
Abdelaziz served as oil minister and minister of finance between 1972 and 1991.
Exile.
After leaving office in 1992 Abdelaziz began to live in France. He is claiming to be masterminding a coup in Qatar.
Titles, styles and honours.
Honours.
Honorary Knight Grand Cross of the Order of St Michael and St George (Commonwealth, 1985)

</doc>
<doc id="19574453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574453" title="College Humor">
College Humor

College Humor may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19574455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574455" title="Shooting at the 1992 Summer Paralympics">
Shooting at the 1992 Summer Paralympics

Shooting at the 1992 Summer Paralympics consisted of 16 events.

</doc>
<doc id="19574465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574465" title="Papyrus 99">
Papyrus 99

Papyrus 99 (Gregory-Aland), designated by formula_199, is an early copy of the New Testament in Greek-Latin . It is a papyrus manuscript of the Pauline epistles. Four leaves have survived.
Description.
This papyrus is part of the Chester Beatty collection. It is usually considered as a glossary with single words and phrases from: 
The text is written in 1 column per page, 27-30 lines per page.
It also contains a Latin lexicon and Greek grammar.
Elliot calls this papyrus '... a haphazard collection of unconnected verses from the Pauline letters could have been a school exercise ...'
The manuscript is housed at the Chester Beatty Library (P. Chester B. Ac. 1499, fol 11–14) in Dublin.

</doc>
<doc id="19574490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574490" title="Bob Miller (1953–62 pitcher)">
Bob Miller (1953–62 pitcher)

Robert Gerald Miller (born July 15, 1935, at Berwyn, Illinois) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball. He played for three different teams during his major league career. During the season, he was the youngest player in the major leagues that season, one of only three players that year who were 17-years old.
Miller had a 33-6 record in three seasons at Morton High School in Berwyn, including three no-hitters. In his final season in high school, Miller pitched two no-hitters and had 106 strikeouts in the nine games he pitched.
Detroit Tigers (1953–56).
Miller was signed as a "bonus baby" amateur free agent by the hometown Detroit Tigers on June 20, 1953, receiving a $60,000 signing bonus from the team who outbid the Philadelphia Phillies and Chicago White Sox to sign Miller. The other Tigers bonus baby signed that day was future-Hall of Famer Al Kaline, who received a bonus of $35,000 and had been pursued by every major league team other than the St. Louis Browns. As required by the Bonus Rule as it existed when he was signed, the Tigers had to immediately place Miller on their 40-man roster and keep him there for two years.
Miller made his major league debut on June 25, less than a week after being signed to the team. Taking the mound at age 17, he is the youngest Tiger hurler to start a game. Miller finished the season with a 1-2 record in 13 appearances (all but one in relief), and an ERA of 5.94 in 36⅓ innings of work.
In the season he had a 1-1 record and the only save of his career, appearing in 22 games (all but one in relief) and ending with a 2.45 ERA in 69⅔ innings. In the season he pitched to a 2-1 record in seven appearances (three of them starts, including his only complete game) and ending with an ERA of 2.49 in 25⅓ innings. Miller finished with an 0-2 record in the in 11 appearances (all but three in relief), and his ERA ballooned to 5.68 in 35⅔ innings of work.
Cincinnati Reds (1962).
Miller was drafted by the Cincinnati Reds from the Tigers on November 30, 1959 in the 1959 minor league draft. The Reds brought him up in the season, and he appeared in 6 games, all in relief, and had an ERA of 21.94 in 5⅓ innings of work with the club.
New York Mets (1962).
The Reds traded Miller along with Cliff Cook to the New York Mets on May 7, 1962 in exchange for Don Zimmer. One of two pitchers on the Mets inaugural squad sharing the name Bob Miller, Mets manager Casey Stengel would call Bob L. Miller by the name "Nelson", perhaps to distinguish him from this Bob Miller, or just general confusion on Stengel's part.
With the Mets, Miller finished the season with a 2-2 record in 17 appearances, all in relief, and had an ERA of 7.08 in 20⅓ innings. Miller's final major league appearance was on September 18, 1962, in the second game of a doubleheader against the Houston Colt .45s, with Miller retiring the last three batters in the ninth inning of a game the Mets lost 8-6 at the Polo Grounds.

</doc>
<doc id="19574497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574497" title="E. Harris Harbison">
E. Harris Harbison

Elmore Harris Harbison (1907–1964) was an American historian and scholar on the topic of Christianity and history. He was the Henry Charles Lea Professor of History at Princeton University and a trustee of the Princeton Theological Seminary.
Personal Life.
E. Harris Harbison was born to Ralph Warner Harbison and Helen Mary Harris (the daughter of Elmore Harris of Toronto, Ontario) in 1907 in Sewickley, Pennsylvania. He married Janet German in 1937 and had a son, John Harris Harbison, a distinguished composer, and two daughters, Helen and Margaret.
Academic Study.
Harbison received his bachelor's in history from Princeton University in 1928 and was the valedictorian of his class. He continued on to Harvard University and in 1938 earned his doctorate for his dissertation "Rival Ambassadors in the Court of Queen Mary". The dissertation later won an Adams Prize from the American Historical Association.
He joined Princeton as a faculty member in 1933 and became a trustee of the Princeton Theological Seminary in 1951. He served on several committees and boards dedicated to religious scholarly study

</doc>
<doc id="19574511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574511" title="Triannual">
Triannual


</doc>
<doc id="19574530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574530" title="Stockings by the Fire">
Stockings by the Fire

Stockings by the Fire is a holiday compilation album released in November 2007 in the United States through Starbucks' record label Hear Music. In the United States, the album reached a peak position of number 34 on the "Billboard" 200 and number four on "Billboard" Top Independent Albums chart.
Personnel.
Credits adapted from Allmusic.
Charts.
In the United States, "Stockings by the Fire" reached peak positions of number 34 on the "Billboard" 200 and number four on "Billboard" Top Independent Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="19574567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574567" title="Gro Møllerstad">
Gro Møllerstad

Gro Møllerstad (born 1960) is a Norwegian businessperson and former politician for the Labour Party.
She was private advisor (today known as political advisor) to Minister of Social Affairs Tove Strand Gerhardsen from 1986 to March 1989, during the second cabinet Brundtland. She was later private secretary from August to September the same year.
She also worked as a journalist in the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation and "Dagbladet", before founding her own recruitment company "Nye Hoder" in 2000 and "Hodejegerne" in 2002. Among others, she helped recruit the new CEO of the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation in 2007. In 2004 her company gained negative publicity when six of the eight directors they recruited to the new radio channel Kanal 24 quit within less than a year.
Møllerstad has explained the disparity between men's and women's earnings with lack of negotiation skills among most women.
She took the cand.mag. degree at the Norwegian Journalist College in 1985, and later took a Master of Management degree at the Norwegian School of Management.

</doc>
<doc id="19574584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574584" title="String Quartets 2, 3 &amp; 4/If &amp; Why">
String Quartets 2, 3 &amp; 4/If &amp; Why

String Quartets 2, 3 & 4/If & Why is an album by Simon Haram, The Lyric Quartet, and members of The Michael Nyman Band, featuring music by Michael Nyman. "If" and "Why" are songs written for "The Diary of Anne Frank", where they were performed by Hilary Summers and the Michael Nyman Band. Here, the melody lines are taken by Simon Haram's alto saxophone.

</doc>
<doc id="19574585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574585" title="James Fitz-James Stuart, 3rd Duke of Berwick">
James Fitz-James Stuart, 3rd Duke of Berwick

Don Jacobo Francisco Eduardo Fitz-James Stuart y Colón de Portugal, 3rd Duke of Berwick (28 December 1718 – Valencia, 30 September 1785) was a Jacobite. On the death of his father, James Fitz-James Stuart, in 1738, he inherited his titles of Duke of Berwick and Duke of Liria and Xerica. (He also possessed many other titles in both Spain and England.) His mother was Spanish, and on her side he was a direct descendent of Christopher Columbus.
Marriages and issue.
On 26 July 1738, in Alba de Tormes, he married Maria Teresa de Silva y Alvarez de Toledo (6 May 1716 - 5 May 1790), daughter of Manuel Maria de Silva y Mendoza, (born 18 October 1677), 9th Conde de Galve, 7th son of the 5th Duke of Pastrana and Estremera and of the outstandingly wealthy Maria Teresa Alvarez de Toledo, (18 September 1691 - 1755), 11th Duquesa de Alba de Tormes, 8th duquesa de Huéscar, 4th Duquesa de Montoro, 6th Duquesa de Olivares, 7th Duquesa de Galisteo, Grandee of Spain, and a staggering amount of lesser Spanish noble titles (such as Marquessats, Earldoms, Baronetages, Viscountships and Lordships).
Their only son to survive to adulthood was Carlos Bernardo Fitz-James Stuart y de Silva, (Liria, Valencia, 25 March 1752 - Madrid, 7 September 1787).

</doc>
<doc id="19574596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574596" title="Global Handwashing Day">
Global Handwashing Day

Global Handwashing Day (GHD) is a campaign to motivate and mobilize millions around the world to wash their hands with soap. It takes place on October 15 of each year. The campaign is dedicated to raising awareness of handwashing with soap as a key approach to disease prevention.
GHD was created at the annual World Water Week 2008, which was held in Stockholm from August 17 to 23 and initiated by the Public Private Partnership for Handwashing (PPPHW). The first Global Handwashing Day took place on October 15, 2008, the date appointed by the UN General Assembly in accordance with year 2008 as the International Year of Sanitation.
The theme for Global Handwashing Day’s inaugural year was Focus on School Children. The members pledged to get the maximum number of school children handwashing with soap in more than 70 countries.
Background.
The campaign was initiated to reduce childhood mortality rates related respiratory and diarrheal diseases by introducing simple behavioral changes - hand washing with soap. This simple, accessible action can, according to research, reduce the rate of morality from these diseases by almost 50 per cent.
Importance of the movement.
Hand washing with soap is the single most effective and inexpensive way to prevent diarrhea and acute respiratory infections (ARI), as automatic behavior performed in homes, schools, and communities worldwide. Pneumonia, a major ARI, is the number one cause of mortality among children under five years old, taking the life of an estimated 1.8 million children per year. Diarrhea and pneumonia together account for almost 3.5 million child deaths annually. According to the official site, turning hand washing with soap before eating and after using the toilet into an ingrained habit was projected to save more lives than any single vaccine or medical intervention, cutting deaths from diarrhea by almost half and deaths from acute respiratory infections by one-quarter.
Implementation and management.
The Global Public-Private Partnership for Handwashing with Soap (PPPHW) established Global Handwashing Day in 2008 as a stimulating way to promote a global and local vision of handwashing with soap. Members of the PPPHW include the United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF); the United States Agency for International Development (USAID); Procter & Gamble; the University at Buffalo; FHI 360; Unilever; the Water Supply & Sanitation Collaborative Council (WSSCC); the Hygiene Centre at the London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine (LSHTM); and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). Resource for information and activities for the event are coordinated through its official website. Updates and tools are also available on the PPPHW’s Twitter Account ( @handwashingsoap) and the Global Handwashing Day Facebook page (facebook.com/globalhandwashingday).
In 2013, the PPPHW hosted the first-ever virtual Global Handwashing Day celebration via Google Hangout. The PPPHW also debuted a new video collaboration with Sesame Street. 
In each country where activities are planned, a convening institution brings together other organizations that have an interest in handwashing to coordinate activities. The 70 countries include: Afghanistan, Angola, UAE, Yemen, Saudi Arabia, Oman, Bahrain, Kuwait, Qatar, Bangladesh, Bhutan, Bolivia, Botswana, Burkina Faso, Burundi, Cambodia, Central African Republic, Chad, China, Colombia, Comoros, Republic of Congo, Côte d’Ivoire, Democratic Republic of Congo, Djibouti, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Egypt, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Fiji, The Gambia, Germany, Ghana, Guatemala, Guinea, India, Indonesia, Iraq, Kenya, Laos, Liberia, Madagascar, Malawi, Malaysia, Mali, Mauritania, Mongolia, Mozambique, Namibia, Nepal, Nicaragua, Niger, Nigeria, Pakistan, Panama, Papua New Guinea, Paraguay, Peru, Philippines, Rwanda, Senegal, Sierra Leone, Singapore, Somalia, South Africa, Sri Lanka, Sudan, Suriname, Syria, Taiwan, Tajikistan, Tanzania, Timor Leste, Uganda, United Kingdom, Vietnam, Yemen, Zambia, and Zimbabwe.
Turnout across the globe.
Afghanistan.
A committee led by the Health Ministry drove the implementation of the following activities on 15 October and onwards: Launch of Global Handwashing Day in a primary school in Kabul by the Minister of Public Health. Of handwashing and other related competitions in school across 32 provinces organized by the Ministry of Education, panel discussion on Handwashing on National TV, radio program on Handwashing -for a month. - And newspapers supplement on handwashing.
2012
The 2012 Global Handwashing Day in Afghanistan was dedicated to the eradication of polio and to raising awareness of the role and importance of handwashing and appropriate hygiene practices in the eradication of polio from Afghanistan and from the world. Afghanistan is one of only three remaining countries where polio has never been eradicated. Handwashing with soap and appropriate hygiene practices are crucial to prevent the spread of the polio virus.
Handwashing with soap at critical times - before eating or preparing food and after using the toilet - can reduce diarrhea incidence among children under five years of age by almost 50%, reduce the incidence of acute respiratory infections (ARI’s) by around 23%, and prevent the spread of infectious diseases such as hepatitis, typhoid fever, and polio.
Bangladesh.
More than 14.4 million Bangladeshi children from nearly 73,000 schools joined in this event, pledging to promote hand washing with soap after using the toilet and before eating. Millions of children from over 70 countries across the continents also participated in the Global Hand Washing Day. This initiative – the first of its kind - was organized by the Global Public Private Partnership on Hand Washing (PPPHW), which includes soap companies, NGOs, and UN organizations. And The Biggest hand washing day was held on dhaka residentsial model college
At Puranpara Government Primary School in Narsingdi district, a wall magazine was displayed, encouraging students to participate in a painting competition with the theme of a hand washing. A total of 300 students were present and actively involved in various activities. Shuchi, Pakhee and Faisal demonstrated before their peers the correct method of hand washing with soap. Shuchi described the six critical times for the students to wash their hands: before eating; before feeding children; before preparing or serving food; after using the latrine; after cleaning babies; and after disposal of child faeces. Faisal sang a song insisting all students copy him by using safe hand-washing practices (Cholo jai, haath dhui).
Fahima Tabassum Oishi, a Class-V student, said that whenever she sees someone at home or outside eating without washing their hands with soap, she warns them of the health hazards and teaches them the correct way to wash their hands. Majedul Haque Shubho, a student of the same class, demonstrated the methodical way of hand washing.
2012
Global Handwashing Day 2012 was celebrated by Save the Children International Bangladesh and Partner NGOs in 47 Districts (Upazillas) with huge community participation. Union level, community, and school events like rallies, hand washing demonstrations and discussion sessions were organized. Participants included children, teachers, school management committee members, parents, government officials and other local stakeholders.
"Barguna and Kurigram". Terre des hommes (Tdh) Foundation, Bangladesh, celebrated Global Handwashing Day on 15 October within its project areas (Kurigram and Barguna) involving the community and in presence of local authorities. Awareness of the importance of handwashing with soap was promoted. School children have been involved in games, drawing and other activities related to this topic during the celebration. More than 1,300 children from five different schools and about 700 community members joined in this event, pledging to promote handwashing with soap during the five critical times.
In both Districts, Tdh organized a day-long program, which featured games and educational activities for children, promoted correct handwashing technique and attracted an estimated 2,000 local residents and students. Mostly the children took part in a rally with colorful banner, festoon, cap, etc. with mentioning slogan about critical times of handwashing and its importance. A painting competition was arranged with the theme of handwashing for the students. In the school compound, Tdh staff demonstrated a Tippy-Tap and discussed how the community people can make a handwashing station at their house by using locally available materials.
Another event was handwashing demonstration facilitate by Tdh staff following correct methods with soap and described the five critical times to wash hands. During the demonstration, other students were present and they were excited to see the handwashing methods. The last event was campaign on handwashing. During this event, in presence of school children, teachers, local elites and local government officials, Tdh campaign team described proper handwashing techniques, its importance and benefits through drama and song. Tdh also organized a prize distribution ceremony for the children to participate in the handwashing related events through an open discussion on handwashing. The school teachers and local elites distributed the prize to the children.
Cambodia.
National launch ceremony included, as guest speakers, the Ministers of Rural Development, Health and Education, participants included local comedian Chhab Chean, school children and His Majesty the King of Cambodia. Events included television advertising, primary school activities and ceremonies in 100 villages in nine provinces.
All primary schools throughout the country had been advised to celebrate GHD on October 15 and had been provided with materials and guidelines.
Cameroon.
2013
"Ahala". The 6th Global Handwashing Day event was a special one. Apart from the usual activities such as songs, sketches, dance for soaps, we used an experiential learning approach. In this approach, the kids were encouraged to share their experiences about their health and school attendance. The questions they were asked were centered on if they had ever been absent from school and why they were absent. Some said they had stomach ache among other health conditions A kid said, ‘When I had stomach ache, I could not go to school’
The message on hand washing was easily conveyed as they understood the link between poor hand washing habit, irregular school attendance and poor school performance. A major outcome of this event was the joint commitment of both the Manager of CDP and the Director of ‘Ecole la Bergeronerette’ of Ahala to promote hand washing in the community. 
"Messamena Village". Global Handwashing Day was a very important day in Messamena Village. After completing a Training of Trainers with the 5 student leaders in Messamena Village's Primary School, we held a school-wide handwash demonstration day that involved the WASH club teaching their fellow students the importance of washing hands with soap as well as when it is critical to wash hands. We organized a field trip to the school's handwashing station and had everyone wash their hands properly together with soap. The WASH club consists of 5 students who each will be responsible of the hand wash station for one week at a time. They are they leaders in their school and need to report to the teachers and the school director if the latrines need to be cleaned of there is soap missing from the station. Each WASH club participant received a name badge that they get to wear the entire week that they are responsible for overseeing the hand washing station. Afterwards, all students took an oath to always wash their hands with soap at the appropriate times. The students gave two presentations to their classmates about healthy hand washing habits and why it is so important to use soap. We made sure the students knew the importance of washing before eating and after using the toilettes. 
China.
On Global Handwashing Day, there were education activities on proper handwashing methods, involving 8 million students in 10 provinces in school campuses nationwide. Government officials from the Ministry of Education and other Public and Private sector partners announced the ‘Healthy Great Wall’ Foundation with the aim of reaching 100 million Chinese kids by 2015. Also, a mass billboard campaign and TV spots were reminders to participate in the celebration.
The event, which featured games and educational activities for children, promoted correct handwashing technique and attracted an estimated 2,000 local residents and students. The event was organized by National Patriotic Health Campaign Committee, and Health Education Institute of China CDC with support from UNICEF.
Comoros.
Comoros is proud to be the next celebrant to Global Handwashing Day on 15 October.
Democratic Republic of Congo.
2012
La Cellule pour la Promotion des Pratiques d'Hygiène du Centre Hospitalier Monkole et l'Ecole de Santé Publique de l'Université de Kinshasa ont procédé à une campgna de sensibilistaion sur le lavage des mains au savon dans les écoles de Kinshasa et du Bas-Congo. Celles-ci sont deux provinces de la RDC qui renferment des poches d'épidémie de Choléra. Au total 7012 élèves des différentes catégories et écoles des deux provinces ont été concernés par la Campagne de sensibilisation. Elle s'est tenus durant la semaine du 15 au 20 Octobre.
Dominican Republic.
2012
350 niños y niñas de la Escuela Pública "Las Palomas" en Santiago República Dominicana fueron capacitados en el correcto lavado de manos.
Egypt.
The hand washing day initiative was launched as part of the School Sanitation and Hygiene Education Project (SSHE), that is supported by UNICEF, the provincial authorities, the Egyptian Ministry of Education, USAID and the Water Authority. The SSHE project engages the teachers, the parents associations and the children of some 159 primary schools and communities in three districts of the Sohag Governorate; namely Dar El Salam, Geheina and Sakolta.
At Al Jihad Al Guedida Primary school in the village of Medinat Geheina, there has been a flurry of activity for the past four weeks. Helped by their teachers as well as their parents, young boys and girls have worked very hard to make the Global Hand-washing Day a real celebration. The walls of the school are covered with posters and drawings made by the children Teamwork has paid well and the children are reciting poems, verses and songs around the benefits of washing hands with soap and especially prepared for the occasion. Later, to a large gathering of fellow pupils, parents, teachers and local officials, a group of young boys went on stage to perform a 5-minute play they had written with the help of their teachers about the importance of personal hygiene and the environment.
In Upper Egypt, children have become real agents of changes. By talking to their parents about simple behavioral changes such as washing hands with soap before and after eating or after using the toilets, these school children are spreading around awareness for a hygienically healthier life. Inspired by their children, parents’ behaviour is also changing. They pay more attention to the personal hygiene of their children.
Ethiopia.
2013
300 people celebrated Global Handwashing Day in Addis Ababa.
2012
The half-day Global Handwashing Day national event held at Maskal Square featured over 300 schoolchildren from five elementary schools. They marched and sang to promote handwashing with soap as an important hygienic practice that reduces the prevalence of diarrhoeal diseases and respiratory illnesses.!
CRS Ethiopia disseminated a quiz to staff, encouraged staff to play the World Wash Up game, and displayed posers, restroom signs, and brochures promoting handwashing.
Gabon.
2012
"Port-Gentil". ABUFAK celebrated Global Handwashing Day for the first time in 2012 by writing an educational booklet, making posters to promote handwashing, and designing a mobile hand washer.
Germany.
50,000 handwashing posters and workbooks were sent by SCA to German primary schools.
2012
"Berlin". Together with 100 pupils we were on the Gendarmenmarkt in Berlin, demonstrating for "Handwashing with soap - health care no. 1". In the project „Klobalisierte Welt“ (a word play on globalized world) pupils from four different schools in Berlin thought up creative installations on the theme of handwashing. They showed that handwashing with soap and toilets are essential to a healthy life. The handwashing constructions invited participation, photo collages stimulate thought and balloons resemble oversized soap bubbles.
Ghana.
Global Handwashing Day in Ghana started with a launching event at a Children’s Park on 15 October 2008, with the attendance of local authorities and representatives from both the Public and Private sectors.
With the help of the National School Health Educational Program (NSHEP), schools nationwide marked the day. Children were in charge of the Handwashing Stations and parades in Accra and Tamele to sensitize the public to wash their hands. Radio and TV talk shows – panel discussions, PSA on handwashing with soap. There was also a children’s forum on handwashing and development and dissemination of IEC materials on HWWS.
2012
The Global Handwashing Day in Ghana was official commemorated in seven out of ten regions in the country. Ceremonies were organised by the Community Water and Sanitation Agency in the Brong Ahafo, Upper East, Upper West, Eastern, Volta, Western and the Greater Accra Regions. Over 10,000 participants comprising schools, community health nurses, environmental health staff, traditional leaders, market women, NGOs, religious leaders and the media participated in various events organised across Ghana. Radio and TV programs were organised prior to the country-wide celebrations. All schools across Ghana received a circular signed by the Director General of the Ghana Education Service directing them to observe the day as well.
At the national level, the celebrations was organised at the Efua Sutherland Children’s Park to commemorate the day. The theme for the day was “FIVE YEARS OF GLOBAL HANDWASHING DAY CELEBRATION: GOING BEYOND THE 5th BIRTHDAY OF CHILDREN”.
The Second Lady of Ghana, Mrs Matilda Amissah Arthur was the special guest of honor. Also in attendance was the Minister for Water Resource Works and Housing, Honorable ET Mensah and the Honorable Minster Sherry Ayitey, Minister for Science Technology.
She was joined by some school children to cut a 5th birthday cake in commemoration of the 5th anniversary.
The celebrations were a Public-Private Partnership for Handwashing with Soap Programme (PPPHW), a joint effort of the Community Water and Sanitation Agency (CWSA), CONIWAS, the World Bank, UNICEF, WaterAid, Plan Ghana, Unilever, World Vision, and other public, development and private partners. The vision of the PPPHW is to make handwashing with soap at critical times the accepted and practiced norm among all in Ghana.
"Accra". The 5th Global Handwashing Day took place at the National Children's Park in Accra, Ghana. The school-based activities included cultural display, poetry recitals, sketches, drawing competitions. The national durbar, which was organised with support from WaterAid in Ghana, UNICEF, Unilever, Plan Ghana, World Vision, EHSD, GHS, Ghana Education Service (GES), Coalition of NGOs in Water and Sanitation (CONIWAS). The event included poetry recitals, cultural displays, and a sketch by pupils of the Ledzokuku Krowor Municipal Assembly (LEKMA) South Cluster of Schools. Many schools across Accra participated in activities.
"Humjibre, Sefwi-Bekwai". To celebrate, the Ghana Health and Education Initiative ran several outreaches to local primary and junior high schools. In each school, students assembled by their Polytank and ran through a series of activities. They began with the “Handwashing Song” that our Health Team had taught them, set to the familiar tune of "Frère Jacques .” Singing in unison with surprising enthusiasm, they sang first in Sefwi and then in English:
" Soap and water, Soap and Water.
Wash your hands! Wash your hands!
Rub them both together, Rub them both together,
Clean them well! Clean them well!"
Next the children were quizzed on the most important times for handwashing. Proud students ran to the front of the assembly to give their answers. Some gave incomplete answers, but after a few tries they had successfully identified the three most important times to wash your hands: before preparing food, before eating food, and after using the toilet. The children then had the chance to put these principles into practice, and a few students were selected to demonstrate to their classmates how to give their hands a thorough scrub. Delighted to be chosen as demonstrators of this important hygiene behaviour, the children lathered vigorously and were careful to scrub and rinse every square inch of their hands, encouraged by the enthusiastic cheering of their classmates.
Following this, GHEI Community Health Workers presented the schools with bars of soap and certificates for each class, commending them for taking the handwashing with soap program seriously by putting it into practice each and every day. As we all know, it is this regular practice that makes handwashing such an effective deterrent to infection.
Anglican Primary School was awarded a special certificate for Top Handwashing School, as they have engaged in the program wholeheartedly. In fact, in the days building up to Global Handwashing Day, Anglican students would spot me walking by and begin singing the “Handwashing Song,” while pantomiming the hand actions.
GHEI’s health team ran five of these school outreaches yesterday, and will run another three today at schools in our neighbouring communities. Many thanks to all of our Community Health Workers, who endured sweltering heat to visit these schools, as well as The Global Public-Private Partnership for Handwashing with Soap for their ongoing support! And congratulations to all our young handwashers out there, who continue to prevent illness by keeping clean and spreading the message!
"Tema". An activity was carried out in collaboration with Tema Parents Association School. The entire school premise was decorated in both Global Hand Washing and CAREX colours right from the gate to the school’s assembly hall where the event was held. The Brand Manager Mr. Ebenezer Akyeampong gave a welcome address and educated the pupils on Global Hand washing and its importance to children. He also told the pupils about the benefits derived from washing their hands with soap and running water. The brand manager took the pupils through the steps of hand washing after which Ms Pearl Annoh took the pupils through the process. The brand team also demonstrated to the pupils with the help of a germ detector how it is impossible for them to see germs with their naked eyes. The winners of the hand washing essay competition reading out their essays.
Guinea.
2012
"Nzerekore". 3,000 children from 6 primary schools participated in handwashing demonstrations and animated skits on hygiene and hand washing. The ceremony was chaired by the Governor of the region Nzerekore and widely publicized by the national radio and local radio stations.
India.
In September and October, a mass media campaign was held in India with the support of Sachin Tendulkar and Yuvraj Singh, two hugely popular cricket celebrities.
Almost 1 million school teachers received training courses to execute the campaign and to reach out to about 100 million school children. Materials developed included: posters, teacher training module on handwashing, pamphlet with pledge for students, TV spots and radio jingles, all including 25 seconds central song on the 5 steps for correct handwashing.
The concerned ministers at national and state levels launched the campaign on 15 October by participating in the handwashing activities with children in rural schools. Activities in schools included: children pledging towards hygiene, organized handwashing games and washing hands in a giant waterfall.
Indian cricket legend Sachin Tendulkar and his teammates joined an estimated 100 million schoolchildren around the country in lathering up for better health and hygiene as part of the first Global Handwashing Day.
Haiti.
Theme: "Handwashing with soap and clean water stops microbes"
Included a national competition of drawings on hand washing with soap at 100 schools
Launching of the certification of Hygiene friendly Schools - a program initiated by the Alliance of WASH in Schools and MoEd
Graduation of 15 junior hygiene promoters
Press conference with Government for launching the national campaign and engaging stakeholders
Official launch - high visibility GHD event at a school in Port-au-Prince
Official celebration of GHD in 7 regional locations organised by MoEd with support of UNICEF, WHO and NGOs (departments of West, North, South, North East, South East, Central, Artibonite….)
Educational sessions and demonstration of hand washing in 8,000 schools benefitting 160,000 children
TV show on 3 local channels for large public for awareness raising on the impact of regular practice of hand washing for cholera prevention
Community meetings, demonstrations of hand washing (with tippy taps), photo exhibition, dissemination of key messages by 85 local organizations and 30 international organizations
Observation sessions to count people washing their hands in key places and schools
Plan Haiti also held events.
"Leogane". GOALS’ 3rd annual Global Hand Washing Day soccer tournament was a huge success this year! It was a day-long event filled with food, music, dancing, soccer, prizes, and, of course, plenty of soap and hand washing.
During the matches, a volunteer read hygiene messages, in between excited cries of “GOOOOAAAL!” and cheers from the gathered crowd. In between matches, members of a girls’ team presented a hand washing dance set to music from Beyonce. They had been practicing their routine after hygiene-promotion lessons on the field in the weeks before the tournament.
125 youth played soccer and an estimated 300 people from the general public were in attendance.
GOALS scholarship and youth service committee, the Dream Team helped out with everything that needed to be done, from hanging posters to distributing soap to the crowd. After lunch, they circulated the field with a trash bag to make sure no litter was left behind. Amongst the many highlights of the day was a hand washing relay race for the younger kids. With huge grins and full of intention, they ran across the field, washed their hands, and ran back as fast as they could.
Thanks to UNICEF, every single one of our soccer players received a bar of soap, so they could literally take home the message they learnt at the tournament. GOALS’ successful Global Hand Washing Day tournament once again proves that with a soccer ball and a little push from behind, anything is possible.
For a full report, or to learn how GOALS uses soccer to change lives in Haiti every day, please visit http://goalshaiti.org.
Hong Kong.
To celebrate Global Handwashing Day 2012, the Hong Kong Committee for UNICEF (UNICEF HK) made a breakthrough by inviting schools, non-governmental organisations, corporations, the Government and general public to take part in the Global Handwashing Day “Soap for Good” Project. Five soap-making workshops were held in Hong Kong while three were held in Shenzhen, China for participants to make recycled soaps. With full support, the event marked an unprecedented success and more people were reached to understand the message of “Wash with Soap, Live with Hope”!
The “Soap for Good” Project, initiated by UNICEF HK, collected hotel soaps through the supporting organisation Soap Cycling. Through holding soapmaking workshops and distributing material packs for participants to make recycled soaps by themselves, the Project gained overwhelming support from shopping centres, education institutions, corporations and general public. A few thousand bars of recycled soap were made along with handwritten greeting cards.
On the day before Global Handwashing Day, 14 October 2012, Hong Kong government official, guests from non-governmental organisations, corporations and UNICEF HK council members demonstrated the seven steps of handwashing and made soaps in support of the Global Handwashing Day and “Soap for Good” Project. To further promote the importance of handwashing with soaps, guests and volunteers distributed over 2,000 recycled soap to residents living in Sham Shui Po, a poor district in Hong Kong along with the “seven steps of handwashing” stickers, to promote the Day and the awareness and of handwashing with soap.
India.
2013
"Bhavnagar, Gujarat". In Bhavnagar, Gujarat in western India a handwashing event and demonstration to over 350 rural children, women, and men was organized by Utthan and the People's Learning Centre for Water & Sanitation (PLC WATSAN). At this event, the audience was presented with handwashing demonstrations, animated videos, songs and dances to enforce the importance of handwashing, and speeches and interactive talks. 
"Maharashtra, Goa, Odisha, Madhya Pradesh)". This year CSA is decided to make a behavior change intervention in the life of 1000+ orphan children across 30 + orphanages in four different states (Maharashtra, Goa, Odisha, Madhya Pradesh). We have planned to improve the health and hygiene of these 1000+ children by inculcating hand washing with soap practice among them. The initiative will be monitored and supported by CSA. Children from different CSA locations participated in the Global Handwashing Day celebrations. 
"Barpeta". Public Health Engineering Department, Barpeta Division celebrates Global Handwashing Day every year with 145 school children. 
2012
"Dhubri, Assam". School children and local residents participated in handwashing demonstrations.
"Kapurthala". At this celebration, students who participated were given strips of soap. The importance of handwashing for health was presented through role play and enactments; mass handwashings took place; and messages about handwashing were spread to others through putting up posters and speaking to community members.
"Kelambakkam & Pooncheri". At Chettinard hospitals and research Institute, the Department of Microbiology organized a Workshop and Seminar on GHD. This included poster and slogan writing competitions; distribution of posters and handouts (badges, posters and stickers). This campaign was carried out with the aim of emphasizing on the importance of handwashing in the health care facilities. A CME program, stressing on the importance of Hand washing and infection control, was conducted in the afternoon.
"Kozhikode". 100 participated in a handwashing seminar at the National Institute of Technology Calicut.
"Rajasthan". The State Government launched a massive deworming drive alongside the Global Handwashing Day (GHD) campaign on 15 October 2012. The drive aims to reach out to nearly 16 million students across schools and Anganwadi Centres and free them off worm infections that can potentially impair physical development and limit learning abilities. While preventive behaviours like washing hands and use of toilets are already being promoted to check spread of disease through oral and faecal contamination, the combined GHD-deworming drive focuses on strengthening curative provisions to treat stomach infections among school going children.
"Rupnagar". At a special assembly, Dr. Rashmi demonstrated 6 steps of health handwashing to students, who repeated the steps afterwards. In the pre-primary, primary, secondary and senior secondary sections more than 1,900 students washed their hands based on the demonstration. Students took an oath promising to demonstrate the handwashing steps to family and friends. A circular was distributed to parents.
"Shivpuri". International Institute of Waste Management in collaboration with Madhya Pradesh Council of Science and Technology celebrated Global Handwashing Day in one of the schools of Guna and Shivpuri, Madhya Pradesh, India. Seven steps of hand washing has been demonstrated by mean of a small skit and banners. The event has been attended by students, villagers and related government officials. Soaps were distributed.
"Sivsagar, Assam". 400 participated in GHD celebrations in rural schools.
"Sonitpur". 50 schools students participated in GHD celebrations.
Other activities included:
- Capacity building of partners
- State Training of Trainers (ToT), district ToTs, training of at least one teacher form all 73,000 schools and also of all 55,000 pre-school centres. IEC materials also shared with all these centres.
School based preparatory activities for the deworming day including:
- Teachers interaction with children during prayer sessions on hygiene
- Regular promotion of handwashing before midday meal, and toilet use
- Community outreach activities
"Tirupati, Andhra Pradesh". The students of the First Class of Ankula Subramanya Educational Society at Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan, Tirupati, Andhra Pradesh made charts showing the advantages of washing hands with soap and when to do so.
"Vikravandy, Tamil Nadu". Communities Rising runs after-school programs for 1,600 students in the rural villages of the Villupuram District of Tamil Nadu, India. Intern Layna Gatling designed and taught a handwashing and hygiene program for our students using the materials provided by GHW. In partnership, with The Modern Story in Hyderabad, Communities Rising students living in a Vikravandy hostel prepared a video about GHD day. You can also read about the day on Communities Rising's blog. Plan India also worked with men, women, and children to spread understanding of how to properly wash one's hands with soap frequently throughout the day!
In 2012, Catalysts for Social Action (CSA) was decided to behavior change intervention in the lives of 700 orphans across 15+ orphanages in four different states ( Maharashtra, Goa, Orissa, Madhya Pradesh) through inculcating hand washing practice among them. The initiative will be monitored and supported by CSA.
Indonesia.
2012
Plan Indonesia collaborated with other actors to host a robust and interactive celebration of Global Handwashing Day.
"Bekasi District, West Java Province". Oxfam Indonesia with local partner BMP Bekasi in Bekasi District
actively promoted handwashing with soap through Public Health Promotion activities and also other activities in Public Health. A commemoration was conducted in a week of campaign, starting with a talk show and workshop. In the workshop, representatives of head master, school committee, and Posyandu cadres participated and resulted an action plan to implement activities in school supporting practice hand washing with soap. Beside that, handwashing with soap practice for 874 elementary school students conducted on the day of GHD 15 October 2012, as they are is the main target of Global Handwashing Day commemoration.
"NTT Province". Oxfam Indonesia with local partner CIS Timor in Belu District, NTT Province conducted several activities for 250 students from 15 elementary students in Betun Sub-District. Those activities included a drawing competition, poster design competition and giant snake ladder competition.
"Padang and Padang Pariaman District, West Java Province". Oxfam Indonesia with local partner PKBI West Sumatera hosted activities in two elementary school in the Sunur Sub-District (200 students). These included handwashing with soap socialization, drawing and coloring competition, giant snake and ladder competition, and a clean and hygiene school competition. A radio talk show set up in Radio Damai about the important behavior of handwashing with soap reached all Padang Pariaman community (around 300,000 person).
Iraq.
There were activities held in schools in northern Iraq, in collaboration with the Ministry of Education. The activities included: conducting activities in 24 primary schools, where a number of headmasters were invited to witness the activities on that day. Also, students designed posters with the messages provided by the WASH program. Hygiene kits were provided to 24 schools. The school activity center prepared songs written specially for this occasion, and they were sung by the school children.
The songs were recorded in CD and copies of these were provided to other schools.
Japan.
2012
The Japan Committee for UNICEF (JCU) wanted 100 researchers among children age of 8-12, and got over 700 applicants all over Japan. 122 children researchers made a handwashing reality survey to 536 persons based on the prepared sheet. The results were collected and published as "The state of our handwashing 2012" with infographs before Global Handwashing Day. It found that half of people surveyed wash their hands less than 20 seconds. We named this activity 'fake handwashing'. It also found that the most forgotten placed to be washed is around the thumb; 34.5% don't wash there. Women wash hands better and more frequently than men; boys aged 0–9 mostly wash their hands in 5 seconds.
Voices from researchers: "I didn't care about handwashing before. But I'm changed after the survey." "I should be a coach on proper handwashing for my family and friends." They were motivated to protect their health with handwashing! Some schools did the survey by health club students. A nursing teacher said "Saying 'wash your hands' are not enough, we should tell them where you should wash."
JCU prepared posters, handbook, and DVD for free. On the website, much content can be downloaded included "handmade bubble-hat" to enjoy handwashing and dance for children. These were used freely at many kindergarten, nursing schools, elementary schools and homes.
To celebrate Global Handwashing Day, many events were also organized. Mr. Kaiji Moriyama, a dancer who choreograph "Global Handwashing Dance", demonstrated it to children and families.
This dance was shown on UNICEF and JCU YouTube and has been played over 310,000 times!
Local branches of JCU hosted events or visited schools in many prefectures and children learned proper handwashing in fun.
Do the handwashing dance and visit our website!
Jordan.
2012
A school in Rusaifeh demonstrated when and how to wash hands with soap.
Kenya.
2013
"Narok County" Hundreds of pupils in Narok County, Kenya, attended events in their schools to learn about the benefits of handwashing from other students, social workers and teachers. The children committed to continue washing hands with soap and to take the message to their homes. The events were organized by Kenya's ministries for health and education together with the AIDS, Population and Health Integrated Assistance Project, also known as APHIAplus Nuru ya Bonde. The project is a partnership of USAID and the Government of Kenya implemented by FHI 360. 
2012
Seven more districts held activities on Global Handwashing Day - In addition to Nairobi, Mombasa, Nyeri, Machakos, Busia, Trans Nzoia and Wajir - Ministry of Education and Ministry of Public Health and Sanitation relayed information to their officers on the ground to commemorate this day by involving schools within their jurisdiction to wash hands on that day. 100,000 children were reached across the country on that day. Information was relayed to the national secretariat through SMS on the numbers who had washed their hands.
The Ministry of Public Health & Sanitation Kenya together with their Partners (Dettol, Colgate-Palmolive, Lifebouy, Safeguard, USAID, FHI 360, UNICEF, the World Health Organization, World Vision, KWAHO, CDN, CHUJIO, and many others) supported this year’s Global Handwashing Day activities. The events, celebrated in eight provinces, were very successful and we managed to wash 1,510,935 children.
PROVINCE & Number of Pupils Washed
1 Coast 229,245
2 Nyanza 230005
3 Western 236943
4 North eastern 38,080
5 Nairobi 36,721
6 Eastern 248,719
7 Rift Valley province 357,791
8 Central 133,431
TOTALS KENYA 1,510,935
"Nairobi." Samir Singh, Global Vice President Lifebuoy Unilever, and Frank Braeken, Executive Vice President Africa Unilever, visited NPC Buruburu Primary School in Nairobi on Global Handwashing Day to teach children how and when to wash their hands. This was part of Lifebuoy's day of activities, which included a press conference to announce Unilever’s partnership with Millennium Villages, a dinner to discuss handwashing with soap, and public-private partnership activities with senior attendees from the Kenyan government, NGOs, and Unilever.
Lifebuoy’s “School of Five” programme teaches children to wash their hands with soap on five occasions throughout the day by using engaging and interactive games, songs, dances and a practical glo-germ demonstration. Lifebuoy partners with NGOs and charities including PSI, the Earth Institute’s Millennium Village Project and UNICEF to deliver handwashing programmes across the world.
CRS and Caritas Malindi participated in various planning forums and also supported the event with items which included: a canvas banner and t-shirts for 120 hygiene club members from 4 primary schools and their patrons. Participants for the event included 1,000 pupils and 100 guests: district WASH stakeholders, local administration, teachers and members of school management committees.
"Dandora, Nairobi". On 15 October 2012 WASH United, in partnership with Global Peace Youth Corps Kenya, commemorated Global Handwashing Day in Dandora, Nairobi. The day’s events focused on increasing awareness and understanding of the importance of handwashing with soap. To do so, WASH United relied on its Handwashing Challenge, an interactive educational game that is expected to invoke a discussion around transmission pathways of germs and the demonstrate the benefit of proper handwashing with soap. The general public also had a chance to get WASH United merchandise including team t-shirts, footballs and posters and stickers featuring top football stars Macdonald Mariga and Didier Drogba.
In attendance were select representatives from community based schools and organizations drawn from Starehe, Makadara, Kasarani and Dandora constituencies and members of the public. The opening address will focus on current opportunities to promote handwashing with soap and challenges especially in securing behavior change in schools. Thereafter participants walked the talk by participating in a 1 km handwashing demonstration walk to promote the importance of handwashing with soap.
"Nyeri County." The Kenyan Minister for Public Health and Sanitation, Hon. Beth Mugo, MP, EBS joined the national event in Nyeri County by washing hands with thousands of children. 13,700 children attended.
"Kibera." The Peepoople Kenya team in Kibera set out to join the rest of the world to mark Global Handwashing Day. As we currently work with 30 schools and daycares within Kibera providing them with the Hygienic, single use Peepoo toilet, we saw the need to undertake this activity with some of them. This is important to us because hand washing with soap can reduce the incidence of diarrhoea among children. In each of the schools and daycare, the team got to talk with the children discussing the importance of hand washing with soap. The children answered questions on when they should wash their hands and were rewarded with a bar of soap that they could take home and use with their families.
In addition we did hand washing demonstrations following all the hand washing steps and all the children got a chance to wash their hands. We also left soap with the schools so as to continue the hand washing with soap process. Around 1200 children got to wash their hands with our team.
Realizing that most of the children had no access to soap for washing their hands at school was sad, but watching their smiles as they looked at their clean hands warmed our hearts. Sanitation and the Peepoo use go hand in hand and we will continue to make a difference.
Liberia.
Liberia is proud to be the next Global Handwashing Day celebrant. its leader is Ivory
2012
"Harper." A number of schools participated in a parade in Harper city, outdoor activities, and an indoor program on the importance of celebrating Global Handwashing Day.
Laos.
On 13 October the Ministry of Education organized a Hygiene and Sanitation Day and activities that were held during the extracurricular hours in all primary and secondary schools and teacher training colleges throughout the country.
Activities included cleaning the school and its surrounding environment, displaying banners in school to promote handwashing and good hygiene practices, putting handwashing with soap into practice, singing hygiene songs and playing games. During the week advertisements aired on the national TV and provincial radios In the Vientiane capital street banners highlighting the Global Handwashing Day and key messages were put up along the main roads.
Madagascar.
In Madagascar 19,300 primary schools participated in a week-long event. Handwashing with soap activities involving schools and the community, culminated on October 15 with 3.5 million children washing hands with soap at noon. President Ravalomanana led the Day. Three Ministries issued a joint statement to the Prime Minister to officialize Global Handwashing Day. A parade of schoolchildren through the capital took place on October 15.
2012
"Antananarivo." Diorano WASH coalition has celebrated this event in the rural commune of Ankadikely Ilafy with a thousand children from public and private schools and community members.
Several activities included a carnival conveying the advantages of hand washing, Malagasy folkloric show. Like parents teaching their children, the speeches of the officials stressed on the importance of handwashing with soap for both children and adults. A handwashing demonstration took few times so as to show the children and the audiences how to properly wash one’s hand with soap in order to take the full advantage of it. The Diorano WASH coalition emphasized that handwashing with soap should be rooted in everyone’s habit. One month after the celebration, the director of one private school called “CEMEAM”, which took part in the handwashing day celebration, has stated that from this celebration, in her school, class starts everyday with children handwashing session.
Malaysia.
In Malaysia, Global Handwashing Day was celebrated providing handwashing sampling in schools, kindergarten and clinics. There was also news coverage and advertisements on TV, radio and print media. Malaysia declared the whole month “the month of handwashing with soap”.
Maldives.
Lifebuoy Global Handwashing Day 2013 was marked in the Maldives in Male' City in 2nd November at Male' Sports Complex. The event was organized by Stas Creative Solutions Pvt. Ltd. under our social responsibility programs. The event was supported by Unilever and Bestbuy Maldives, the sole distributor for Lifebuoy product line. The event was closely monitored and supported by Health Protection Agency of the Ministry of Health, Maldives. This is the first time this day is marked in the Maldives. 
Malta.
Malta is proud to be the next celebrant to Global Handwashing Day on 15 October, starting in 2012. A Hand-washing Art Competition is organised by the Malta Medical Students’ Association.
Mauritius.
Mauritius is proud to be the next celebrant of Global Handwashing Day on 15 October starting from 2012.
Mexico.
2012
For GHD 2012, Escudo and its strategic partners hosted a 5th Anniversary of the Global Handwashing Day Celebration. For this celebration, a press conference and a children’s rally were held to promote hand washing in elementary schools.
The event was a success in terms of attendance (1,738 people exclusively of Escudo) and key messages communication.
Mongolia.
Mongolia marked Global Handwashing Day by reaching out to school children through engaging communication materials including Public Service Announcements and short cartoon animations on proper handwashing practice. On October 15, the Ministers of Health and Education opened a kindergarten and promoted the practice of proper handwashing in the Bayangol district of Ulaanbaatar City. Also, Provincial Governors demonstrated proper handwashing practice to school children in four provincial capitals namely Bayan-Ulgii, Khovd, Uvs and Dornod.
Educational and information efforts, targeting school and
kindergarten children and their parents, were embarked on in each district of
Ulaanbaatar by Public and Private Partnership, formed by government and nongovernmental
organizations, international agencies and the private sector, such
as the Ministry of Education Culture and Science, Ministry of Health and its
agencies, UNICEF, Word Vision, Save the Children UK and Mon-Chemo Co.
Ltd.
2012
The Mongolian Global Hand Washing Working Group announced the celebration of the 5th Global Handwashing Day in Mongolia through a different set of initiatives. The four main activities planned for the 2012 GHD in Mongolia included:
- Developing and printing communication materials
- Press conference
- Outdoor event in Freedom Square
- E-mail marketing
Myanmar.
2012
"Naypyitaw." Over 219,000 children celebrated Global Handwashing Day on October 14 – National School Sanitation Day.
"Taunggyi." 6,152 students along with primary school headmasters and teachers celebrated Global Handwashing Day.
Nepal.
Nepal Telecom mobile users received a text message with the slogan, "Let's wash our hands and keep ourselves healthy!" And drivers from the Rickshaw Pullers Association raised awareness in all corners of the three major Kathmandu Valley cities. Their rickshaws were decorated with handwashing messages, and the drivers disseminated pamphlets and stickers to thousands of people.
Schools also got involved in the campaign when the Private and Boarding Schools Organization of Nepal (PABSON) announced that all of its 9,000 member schools would make sure soap and water are available in all school toilets, bathrooms and canteens.
The General Post Office announced that it would use a postmark with a special handwashing message to stamp all the letters and documents posted for 15 days.
Nigeria.
2013
"Ekiti State" The New Generation Girls and Women Development Initiative (NIGAWD) conducted outreach to 3 primary schools in Ado-Ekiti, Ekiti Stat. About 600 pupils and 30 teachers were in attendance.
2012
The New Generation Girls and Women Development Initiative – Nigeria conducted outreach interventions to three primary school in Ado-Ekiti, the state capital of Ekiti State, South West, Nigeria. The pupils were taught the importance of handwashing as a means to prevent diseases such as typhoid, cholera, and diarrhea among others. A total of 180 pupils were reached. A participatory approach was employed as well as role playing and demonstration methods.
"Lagos." 250 primary school students were educated in handwashing through dramas and songs. A 20-minute radio talk on handwashing was also broadcast.
"Lagos." GHD was observed by the Healing Heart Foundation, a non-profit organization in Lagos, Nigeria that works to improve the living standards of women and children in rural areas and urban slums. Two Nursery and Primary Schools with a combined population of over 735 students in Isolo Local Government Area of Lagos participated. The children were taught the need to practice proper handwashing before meals and after they visit the loo. A health officer from the health department of the local government helped demonstrate how to do this and they did same themselves. Soap tablets were also shared to the pupils for use at home. The demonstration was also witnessed by some members of the public. The children were excited to learn about ways they can better protect themselves from very preventable diseases.
Pakistan.
2013
Global Handwashing Day was officially endorsed by the Ministry of Environment of Pakistan, the lead agency for the implementation of the International Year of Sanitation in Pakistan. Local coalition included participants from 25 organizations representing Government, Private, Sector, NGOs and the Academics.
The Day was celebrated on 15 October, but many activities were launched beforehand. For example, newscasters endorsed the need of washing hands before meal times were aired on the 7 pm news bulletin of the local Samaa TV (From Friday, 5th Sept to continue 15 October.) The Local coalition committed to reach more than 1 million children with handwashing activities in all four provinces of Pakistan.
"Swabi." In Swabi, 53 people participated in Global Handwashing Day celebrations. 
2012
"Indore." Nirmal Bharat Yatra celebrates Global Handwashing Day with soapy mega-party in Indore on 14 and 15 October. Hon. Jairam Ramesh, Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chauhan and more than 10,000 people to celebrate handwashing with soap. The Nirmal Bharat Yatra (NBY) now aims to change this at scale. Organized by WASH United and Quickand in collaboration with the Indian government’s Nirmal Bharat Abhiyan, the Yatra “harnesses the passion for cricket, Bollywood-style entertainment and never-seen-before interactive games to reach more than 90 million Indians with crucial hand-washing and sanitation information and train 30,000 school children in good handwashing behavior along the nearly 2,000 km route that will take the Yatra from Maharashtra to Bihar in more than 50 days. Our goal is to make handwashing with soap and toilet use cool and sexy,” explains Thorsten Kiefer, Executive Director of WASH United. The Yatra has the support and active participation of Hon. Jairam Ramesh, Bollywood star Vidya Balan and cricket heroes such as Irfan Pathan, Suresh Raina and Yusuf Pathan, to name but a few. At the opening day in Wardha, Maharashtra, 13,000 people attended the Yatra to learn about hygiene and sanitation through fun and play.
"Islamabad." The 5th Global Handhashing Day celebration was held at Islamabad Model School 2, G-8/4, and attended by 260 students from 33 schools of Rawalpindi and Islamabad. It was organized by Pakistan Institute for Environment-Development Action Research (PIEDAR) in collaboration with UNICEF and the Ministry of Climate Change. Mobilink was the corporate sponsor.
Schoolchildren from School 2, G-8/4 presented a mime telling the story of where and how hands get dirty. Children from Rising Star Public School sang a song, “Washy Washy Clean Scrub Scrub.” The children from 33 schools also participated in a poster competition.
Syed Ayub Qutub, Chief Executive, PIEDAR stressed the importance of building the habit for regular hand washing among children. Ms. Simone Klawitter from UNICEF said that while Pakistan was on track for the Millennium Development Goal for improved water supply, the country had to work hard to achieve the target from sanitation and reduction in child mortality. Mr. Omar Manzur from Mobilink informed that 6 million SMS on hand washing had been sent out by the company in the preceding three days. Director General Environment Mr. Javed Ali Khan emphasized on the strength of the partnership approach to achieving the MDGs and contributing targets. The practice of hand washing with soap at critical occasions during the day could contribute significantly to the reduction of illness among children. The event closed with prizes and mementos for the participants. Everyone made queues for hand washing before partaking the light refreshments.
"Jacobabad." The Global Hand Washing Day health hygiene campaign campaign-Walk was organized by OID Pakistan wash team with the support of WHO with full zeal & enthusiasm village at Eid Gah Sharif Camp UC Karim Bux, Taulka Thul, district Jacobabad. The high-ups of WHO-OID Organization For Integrated Development Pakistan and District Government Jacobabad were participated in this event. The major objective of event was to enhance the importance, sense of realization regarding Global Hand Washing Day15-Oct health & hygiene where more than 7,000 participants were participated including men, women & children.
"Jacobabad." With the support of UNICEF / SAFWCO Sindh, the Fast Rural Development Program organized GHD activities. Many school children and teachers participated.
http://globalhandwashing.org/ghw-day/activities/global-hand-washing-day-activity-2012
Kapurthala, Punjab. Bawa-Lalvani Public School in Kapurthala celebrated GHD 2012. The one-day project was organized by the 8th Grade students under the supervision of Princiapl Ms. Jaspal Gill.
"Karachi." Volunteers from Serve Our Civil Hospital (SOCH) Welfare Association and IREX spent time with the ailing patients of Pedriatics Unit of Civil Hospital Karachi, Pakistan; with a spirit of bringing joy to the innocent faces. Our major motive was to highlight the importance of hand washing and at the same time demonstrating it's proper technique. Demonstrations were given in seminar room of the unit, where kids were encouraged to come forward and present different steps of hand washing to their fellow mates. In the end of the session goody bags with anti bacterial soaps, coloring books, color pencils, biscuits and juices were distributed among them. Mothers were also encouraged during the session. We also revised the handwashing steps to the nurses and asked them to illustrate it to the patients on and off.
This campaign was conducted in collaboration with SMILE project, US Educational Foundation for Pakistan and IREX.
"Karachi". Idara-e-Taleem-o-Aagahi teamed up with Unilever Pakistan Ltd in order to bring about a behavioral change by targeting 650,000 students and 4 million of the community members in 2012. The accumulated target for the 3 years sums up to 9.55 million students and 15.4 community members. The campaign started back in 2010 and is now running in its 3rd year carrying its legacy along with Wasim Akaram as the campaign’s prominent figure.
Idara-e-Taleem-o-Aagahi and Lifebuoy celebrated Global Handwashing Day at Sheraton Hotel, Karachi on October 13, 2012 with 50 of the best schools enrolled in the campaign from Karachi and Hyderabad. The event was hosted by Dr. Muzna Ebrahim with Prof. Anita Ghulam Ali (Managing Director SEF), Khushbakht Shujaat (MNA Clifton) and Dr. Sageer Ahmed (Minister for Health)as the chief guests The kids brought the event to life with excellent performances like songs, drama, speeches and beautiful poems.
The campaign has a special mechanism of conducting the activities by choosing 5 students from each school who are termed as our Vice Captains. These Vice Captains are then trained by ITA and then train other students back at their schools. The schools that perform best in terms of activities and implementation of the plan are nominated for the Model School title at the end of the campaign.
"Karachi." An event, initiated by young Pakistanis, an extension of Brand Pakistan took place at Gulshan-e-hadeed, at “Saving Futures,” a small charity school. The entire event focused on spreading optimism about Pakistan and how something as small as a team of 13 people can bring smiles to those small faces.
The event started off with the team and volunteers gathering up at Millennium Mall, Gulshan-e-Iqbal. This was a pick-up point, where transport was arranged for by team Clean Pakistan. The group then went up to the school, with three entertainers for the under privileged kids. There were introductions and briefing of both Clean Pakistan’s and Saving Futures’ standings. 45 volunteers actively participated in talking to the children about handwashing and personal hygiene.
"Karachi." 1,000 school children learned about handwashing and viewed demonstrations.
"Lahore." Infection Control Department celebrated Global Hand Washing Day at Fatima Memorial Hospital to raise awareness among the hospital staff as well as general public for the importance of handwashing as an effective yet inexpensive way to fight different infections like diarrhea & RTI. Celebration was done by putting colorful posters prepared by the hospital staff showing importance of hand hygiene, practical training sessions among hospital staff. Hand washing day was the continuation of Hand Hygiene training & implementation programme which was already going on for hospital staff.
Mardan.
WHO EHA Team
• Dr Tariq Shah (Surveillance officer WHO EHA Mardan)
• Fakhr-e-Alam (EH Engr WHO EHA Mardan)
• Farooq Jan (Pharmacist WHO EHA Mardan)
WHO EHA MARDAN IN GLOBAL HANDWASHING DAY
WHO EHA team effectively celebrated Global hand washing day at four/4 different location in Distt Mardan i.e.;
• DHQ Hospital Distt Mardan
• Government Primary School No: 1 for Boys Bikat Ganj
• Children Hospital and
• Anjuman-i-Sarhadi Yateem Khana (Orphan house) Distt Mardan
The presentation of World Health Organization in this important event is characterized by creating awareness in the participants regarding the significance of Global Handwashing Day, conducting health and hygiene sessions and sharing massages relating prevention of communicable diseases, adopting practice of handwashing with soaps in daily life practices.
Following are proceedings from the event:
• Hygiene sessions delivered to the participants, highlighting the importance of hand washing in prevention of communicable diseases particularly diarrheal diseases.
• Practical demo on Six steps of hand washing technique to describe the participants about proper way of hand washing emphasizing on pursuance of the steps while hand washing.
• Provision and distribution of antibacterial soaps among children and participants during sessions in health facilities, school and orphan house to improve their personal hygiene.
• Display and Provision of Banners, pamphlets/brochures to the participating government bodies containing pictorial view of the six steps of hand washing and significance of handwashing with soaps with personal hygiene practices.
WHO EHA ACTIONS IN THE EVENT OF GLOBAL HANDWASHING DAY
1 DHQ-H Distt Mardan
10 Health staff & out patients, Awareness session regarding importance of the event, role of Handwashing in prevention of diseases, practical Demo on WHO recommended Handwashing steps, distribution of Handwashing soaps and display of banner/IEC material relating the event. Provision of Antibacterial soap, banner & IEC charts display.
2 Government Primary School #1 for Boys, Bikat Ganj Mardan
Total 300 Students & 4 Teachers Awareness session concerning personal Hygiene, Handwashing with soaps, Practical Demo on WHO recommended Handwashing steps, distribution of Handwashing soaps and related IEC materials. Distribution of 360 Antibacterial soap & 100 IEC charts.
3 Children Hospital Mardan
80 out patients and 10 Health staff, Awareness session regarding importance of the event, role of Handwashing in prevention of diseases, practical Demo on WHO recommended Handwashing steps, distribution of Handwashing soaps. Distribution of 144 Antibacterial soap & provision of IEC materials.
4 Anjuman-i-Sarhadi Yateem Khana
88 children and 10 administrative staff, Awareness session concerning personal and environmental Hygiene, Handwashing with soaps, Practical Demo on WHO recommended Handwashing steps, distribution of Handwashing soaps and related IEC materials. Provision of 216 Antibacterial soap & IEC charts.
"Mirpurkhas." Celebrations of Global Hand Washing Day at District Mirpurkhas, Sindh, Pakistan
On Monday 15 October 2012 we have celebrated Global Hand Washing Day in the Child Friendly Government Girls’ Primary School Rabia Basri, Mirpurkhas.
More than 520 students along with 32 teachers, parents and SMC members also participated in the program.
Program was started with recitation of Holy Quran and Holy NAAT recited by the student of 5th Class. A group of students presented welcome performance for all the guests. Then second group of three students performed on the “Anthem of SABO” (Hand Washing Song) by wearing the colorful logos of Global Hand Washing Day. The Project Supervisor Right To Play Mirpurkhas, Ms. Nusrat performed demonstration on proper method of hand washing with soap and after that students follow this practice. For celebration of global hand washing day the students of CFS/GGPS Rabia Basri have prepared different items (Speech, Songs and Dances).
On this events different guests called on stage for speech to highlight the issues of health and hygiene and emphasize on proper hand washing practices in schools.
Worthy Director School Education Mirpurkhas Division also appreciated the efforts of UNICEF to promote girls’ education in Sindh specially in Mirpurkhas and thanked UNICEF for this generous support. On this forum, he also emphasized on regular practices of hand washing in schools and asked to District Officer Education (Quality Assurance) Mirpurkhas for close monitoring of this activity.
After the speech of Worthy Director School Education Mirpurkhas Division, Mr. Muhammad Kashif, District Education Coordinator (UNICEF) Mirpurkhas give briefing on UNICEF efforts for WASH activities in schools and UNICEF support of WASH supplies to promote health and hygiene practices in Schools for last couple of years. At the end, he was also thanked to all distinguished guest and invited chief guest and other guests to distribute soaps and other hygiene items to students.
"Rawalpindi". The Roots School (Guirez campus) students and staff celebrated GHD by receiving information about the importance of handwashing before and after eating. This was taught through the use of flash cards, drawings, and activities.
"Shahdadkot". 500 handwashers participated in GHD celebrations sponsored by the Serve Foundation Pakistan and the WHO.
Other events were held in Nowshera, Kamber Shahdadkot, Shahdadkot, and Shahpurchakar Districts.
Papua New Guinea.
2013
"Walamu, Nuku". Hand washing education to the community and to Village Health Volunteers at Walamu. Also a school education session on handwashing with demonstration of a tip tap and tap bucket. There was reat attendance and participation from all involved. 
Peru.
2013
"Lima". On Sunday October 20, the Directorate General of Health Promotion (DGPS) MoH, held a family walk for World Day Handwashing and as part of the Week Against Cancer Peru. Is expected to gather more than 5,000 people. 
Philippines.
A multi media Handwashing campaign was launched on Global Handwashing Day to raise awareness among the population. Key activities included: a press conference on September 12 to announce the local coalition with a symbolic handprints activity and handwashing with kids, held at Museo Pambata (Museum for Children). Furthermore, handwashing was promoted through a road show with different stakeholders: schools, businesses and media, prior to the official launch of Global Handwashing Day on October 15 at Makati Park in the heart of the central business district. Over 100 school children were invited to participate in the event and kick off the advocacy of making handwashing with soap an important habit. Starting October 1, there was advocacy for handwashing through press and media articles, TV interviews, banners and posters on Metro Rail Transit (MRT). Simultaneous activities were held outside Manila in other regions.
2012
"Kawit, Cavite". Water and Life Philippines celebrated Global Handwashing Day with the children of Manggahan-Lawin urban poor communities in Kawit, Cavite, Philippines. The event involved over 55 children aged between 4 and 12 years of age and many helpers from our staff, the community, local barangay and sponsors. We demonstrated optimum hand-washing with soap (especially before food and after the CR!) and introduced the global event's importance. The day's activities involved costume-making and a lemon/fork relay race (in costume!) for the older children, party games and clay modelling for the younger ones. 14 winners received GHD T-shirts and all participants got a goodie bag to take home as a souvenir of the day, with soaps inside (among other fun things!) Our kind sponsors were Morcom, Maynilad and SM (cash donation, water tank + soaps).
"Cebu." Water and Life Philippines celebrated Global Handwashing Day with the children of the Lower Tipolo urban poor communities in Cebu, Philippines. Our event included handwashing demonstrations, video and songs, costume-making, arts and crafts activities. The children also performed short song and dance in teams on the theme of handwashing with soap. Dunkin' Donuts and the Ramon Aboitiz Foundation, Inc. graciously donated snack and soaps for all the children. The day was fun, educational, and enjoyed by all!
"Manila." On this 5th birthday of Global Handwashing Day, Safeguard promotes handwashing with soap after playtime, one of the five critical times, by donating handwashing stations to playgrounds. At various media events, Safeguard and its partners joined over 150 children in washing their hands and revealed the first two playgrounds with handwashing stations.
"Ormoc City, Leyte." After the flag ceremony, each teacher and student government officer of Margen National High School called for the participation of the whole campus.
"Quezon City." Water and wastewater company Maynilad distributed handwashing kits and taught the students of Corazon Aquino Elementary School in Quezon City, Philippines about the benefits of proper handwashing to celebrate Global Handwashing Day 2012. Maynilad stressed how the simple habit of handwashing properly with soap can be the first and effective defense against illnesses such as common colds, diarrhea and pneumonia. Renowned ventriloquist Ony Carcamo also joined Maynilad in promoting handwashing by performing with his puppets. He entertained the students, as well as the teachers and parents present, with stories about keeping healthy and fighting off diseases through handwashing. Corazon Aquino Elementary School is a beneficiary of Maynilad’s Lingkod Eskwela program, which installs free drink-wash stations in public schools to give the kids access to clean water. Maynilad is also set to tour 40 public schools this year to teach more students about handwashing, the health benefits of water, and the need to take care of the environment through the Daloy Dunong water education drive.
Romania.
2013 Kindergarten students were taught handwashing in Romania. 
Rwanda.
2013
"Rulindo." Rwandan youth development and voluntary organization carried out Global Handwashing Day campaign in Rulindo districts of Rwanda. This campaign was initiated as a tool to reduce mortality rates related to diarrhea diseases by introducing simple behavioral changes, such as handwashing with soap, which according to research can reduce the rate by almost 50%. It was a campaign where participants were present and distribute education and communication materials such as posters, banners, leaflets. The selected children presented songs and poems, and finally 1100 children received soaps. 
2008
The launch ceremony of Global Hand Washing Day took place in Burera District, located in the Northern Province of Rwanda. Previously, the area suffered from recurring poor hygiene related diseases such as diarrhea and cholera. The focus of the campaign was to make school children the main agents of change.
Also, a town hall meeting led by Ministry of Health, Education, Infrastructure, Commerce and the Local Government will be broadcast live on National TV and Radio on October 11, 2008. This three hour live program will attract the larger public participation to phone in and contribute with ideas and ask questions. Directors from the ministries and other key partners will be in the conference hall to provide answers. The event will be covered by the national and international media.
2012
Senegal.
2012
The USAID/PEPAM project worked with local communities, schools and local government officials in Kolda, Sédhiou, Ziguinchor (at the CLTS villages) and in Tambacounda (at a high school in an urban neighborhood of the city of Tambacounda) to plan and implement a daylong event. This year the focus and theme was on children and promoting good hand washing practices. The project staff collaborated with Peace Corps Volunteers to design a day of games, songs, competitions and theatrical skits, all providing key hygiene promotion practices, health benefits, and the incredible benefits of proper hand washing practices with soap. Local Government officials, the technical services units, rural councils, school teachers participated in these events in order to serve as role models, pass on best practices messages, and to advocate and lobby for changing local community practices on hand washing with soap. This short five minute video of some of the hand washing events has been produced by the project staff and Peace Corps Volunteers.
Sierra Leone.
Global Handwashing Day launched on October 15 in Freetown and the district headquarters towns - invitation to children from schools and high level political representatives. The event included float parades by school children and NGO partners, drama skits and launch ceremonies culminating in a mass handwashing with soap event.
About 200,000 children and 500 mothers were reached throughout the country with the celebrations which generated a buzz around handwashing with soap and serve as the catalyst for initiating a nationwide handwashing with soap campaign in Sierra Leone. Holistic communication elements included: Posters, stickers and T-shirts with handwashing with soap messages.
Somalia.
2012
On Global Handwashing Day, IOM Somalia’s Migration Health Division (MHD) launched a series of mass hygiene promotion campaigns in IDP settlements in all three regions of Somalia.
"Burao." Presided over by Mr Rashid Farah Abdi, the Regional Director of the Ministry of Water, Energy and Mineral Resource, IOM in close partnership and in coordination with local implementing partner Youth Volunteers for Development and Environment Conservation (YOVENCO) joined hands with the Community Committee of Koosar settlement for internally displaced persons (IDP) in Burao, Somaliland (Somalia) to mark the Global Handwashing Day on 15 October 2012. Mr Farah Yusuf, the Vice Chairperson of the Community Committee, led a team of volunteers who distributed IEC material; 4,800 jerricans, bars of soap and sanitary kits to 2,400 households; and conducted hygiene promotion and health awareness activities that included skits, poems, and songs which targeted 879 young boys and girls.
"Garowe." 200 vulnerable women, men and children from Jowle settlement and Shabelle settlement for internally displaced persons (IDP), thronged the streets of Garowe, Puntland (Somalia) in commemoration of the Global Handwashing Day on 15 October 2012. Children from neighboring schools also actively participated. The International Organization for Migration (IOM), the Timely Integrated Development Organization (TIDES), the Ministry of Health, the Garowe Municipality Office, the Puntland Water Agency and other partners distributed 1,000 jerrycans, 1,000 bars of soap to the two settlements, and promoted hygiene promotion and health awareness through skits, songs, and poems.
"Hargeisa." Over 3 million were reached with handwashing and hygiene messages through a media compaign. This contributed to raising the profile of hygiene practices in schools and communities.
"Mogadishu." IOM, in close partnership and in coordination with local implementing partners and the Water, Sanitation and Hygiene (WASH) cluster, organized a “birthday party” in Mogadishu targeting children who were about to celebrate their fifth birthday, with lots of fun activities involving: snacks, balloons, a football game for the boys, and henna for the girls. IOM staff, Somali Government officials and NGO implementing partners distributed 700 bars of soaps, 650 jerry cans, 300 hand washing promotion T-shirts, and 200 hygiene promotion stickers. They also taught each of the children and their mothers how to wash hands properly.
"Mogadishu." Competition, songs, games, drama, and poems helped commemorate the Manahijta and Waberi schools. Participants received soap and branded school bags. Promotional materials included posters, pamphlets, and banners.
South Sudan.
The Government, NGOs, and UNICEF organized GHD events in South Sudan.
"Bentiu." UNICEF and the State Ministry of Education and Ministry of Environment and Natural Resources organized GHD Activities in Marial Primary School in Guit County.
Sri Lanka.
Health Education Bureau organized a ‘train the trainer’ program for Food and Drug Inspectors, Health Education officers and Senior PHIs.
On 15 October, 1,500 PHI visited 1,500 schools and reached 1 million school children and demonstrated how handwashing should be done. This activity helped to disseminate the message to a record number of school children. A poster and a flip chart were developed to demonstrate 9 steps of handwashing, based on surgical technique. These visual guides were displayed in places like hospitals, plantation sector clinics child development centers and health clinics. The promotional activities continued in the following week, during Sri Lanka’s Food Safety week from 20–26 October. TV advertorials as well as print advertorials also took place. A press conference was carried out to talk about the importance of handwashing and highlight the GHD activities.
2012
“Boil all water that is collected from the stream before drinking; wash your hands with soap before eating and after using the toilets to kick cholera out of Sierra Leone and save the lives of the children!”
These are the messages 17 year-old Mohamed and other children use to sensitize communities on cholera prevention during the celebrations of Global Handwashing Day 2012.
The cholera outbreak this year gave Global Handwashing Day a particular prominence. Through drama, songs, films, and discussions with the communities children’s groups are raising awareness on the importance of hygiene in these schools and the surrounding communities.
“Hand washing with soap is a simple and cost-effective method to prevent diarrheal diseases such as cholera”, says Hon Tamba Borbor-Sawyer, Deputy Minister of Health and Sanitation at the celebration. “Communities should continuously be educated on cholera prevention methods such as handwashing with soap”.
More than 335 schools and communities across the country have scaled up their efforts in increasing knowledge on the importance of hand washing with soap with the theme: Clean hands, long life.
Sudan.
2012
PLAN Sudan educated children on the importance of handwashing with soap for GHD 2012.
Global Handwashing Day was celebrated in White Nile State through lectures in health education about increasing awareness about culture of handwashing with soap – pollution – how to transfer germs and sanitation in general in schools and pre-schools. Contests existed between students in case of correct answers and distributed soap or balls as a prize.
In Aboramad it was the biggest celebration in the community through theater. The presentation included jokes and drama about handwashing with soap and environmental sanitation in general. Also there was a theatrical presentation of volunteers.
At two water purification units, health education lectures for the beneficiaries of the water and also leaflets were distributed to promote the culture of hand washing with soap. Banners were hung in streets of villages and Kosti as well as at the water purification unit and the water tractors. And of course there was a lot of hand washing!
"Geneina." This event was conducted in the CRS Geneina office and was attended by about 25 members of staff. The highlights of the events were presentations by WASH staff on hygiene messages focusing on handwashing with soap and IEC materials with catchphrase “Your health is in your hands” were displayed at specific locations within the premises including hand washing points. Members of staff who attended the event were addressed by the Health & Nutrition PO and WASH PM.
At Al Riyad B School, different groups of students performed poems, songs & dance whose main theme highlighted the importance of hand washing in improving health. Students performing at this event wore T-shirts with the hand washing messages and global hand washing day logo. They performed in front of the rest of the student body, teachers and other invited guests. A drama group also performed at the event presenting a play on handwashing. They dramatized the critical moments when students need to wash their hands. This was particularly well received, very entertaining and educating. After the drama event, a question and answer session was held.
"Malakal." Hygiene awareness messages were taken to the streets and markets of Malakal town, Malakal teaching hospitals, state ministry offices, primary schools, through parade and marching by school children from 4 schools, cultural groups, community leaders, NGOs accompanied by Police Brass Band playing hygiene message songs. Handwashing demonstrations were given by the Makal County Commissioner and other political and government ministry staff at a public gathering during the parade.
CARE International organised handwashing demonstrations and speeches by head teachers and to girls in Adong Primary School in Adong Payam in Upper Nile State.
In Doro, Jammam, Genderassa and Yusif Batil refugee camps UNICEF and UNHCR organised with partners (Relief IntI, ARC, Solidarites, Oxfam GB, Mediar, ACTED, GOAL, Save the Children and IOM) the following events
- Street dancing and singing; bringing placards or banners with written handwashing messages
- Puppet show about GHD and handwashing benefits
- Children and community singing on handwashing
- Handwashing demonstration
- School drama, singing, poetry, and poster competitions
- Competitions among cluster camps including singing, dancing, handwashing relay, and quiz show
Tajikistan.
The Global Handwashing Day was launched by the Public-Private Partnership for Handwashing with Soap (PPPHW) to draw attention to the benefits of handwashing while highlighting the state of handwashing in various countries around the world. Communities appreciated the simple, yet life-saving advice that can have a lasting, positive effect on the health of their children. “After trainings on personal hygiene our behavior has changed” said one of the participants afterward. “We learned the five rules of handwashing. We are washing our hands with soap and will ask others in our community to do the same.”
PHASE II launched its activities to improve the health and nutrition of primary school children. As a result, hundreds of secondary school students have been trained to pass on information to primary school children. USAID provides support to 80 schools with an enrollment of approximately 40,300 schoolchildren in the Khatlon region through its PHASE II program activities.
Tanzania.
2012
At Qaru Lambo Primary School, students participated in handwashing demonstrations. At the school, 630 pupils, 11 teachers, and 200 community members washed their hands to reaffirm their commitment to their well-being. CRS also distributed posters to its three offices in Dar es Salaam, Arusha and Mwanza and to its local implementing partners Catholic Diocese of Mbulu and Archdiocese of Arusha. A local radio station broadcast handwashing messages to people living in Karatu, Mbulu, Babati, and Hanag districts.
Timor Leste.
Timor Leste celebrated Global Handwashing Day starting with a launching event in one of the primary schools in Dili on the 10th of October. Other activities were held in the following days, such as: panel discussion on handwashing in National TV, Community Radio talk program and GHD were celebrated in all districts through primary schools and include competitions, demonstrations, songs, materials etc.
Additionally promotional activities were undertaken at transition shelters and IDP camps.
2012
Video messages demonstrating how to wash were sent on Timor Leste National Television.
Togo.
PLAN Togo constructed handwashing stations at communities and schools to celebrate GHD 2012.
Tunisia.
The Service, Hygiene and Environmental Protection Association of Kairouan celebrated GHD 2012 by organizing an open day in École Avicenne Kairouan. Children were taught how, why and when they should wash their hands by presenting many activities like movies, drawing activities, competition, a presentation, and song.
Turkey.
2012
"Diyarbakir."
At Bahçeşehir Koleji Kintergarten school the teachers decorated the school with drops of water and soap before the children arrived for the day. To make sure the children were aware of the importance of washing their hands during the day, the nurse came to talk to the children and together they discovered why washing your hands is so important and the children watched an informational cartoon (Pediyatri Okulu) about hand washing.
The English teachers taught the children how to sing and dance on the music of 'The Wiggles', the song called ' The Wiggles Say, Wash your Hands'. To put everything learned into practice, the children played a game in the garden where they had to bring the water from one side of the track to the other side to wash their hands with water and soap.
"Ankara." In the week running up to Global Handwashing Day, the British Embassy School nurse carried out fun handwashing games and experiments with almost all the students in the school. Experiments included glitter on the hands and balloons filled with confetti demonstrated the invisible spread of germs and stressed the importance of handwashing. On Global Handwashing Day itself, the nurse presented a fun powerpoint to commemorate this important event at a school assembly. At the end of assembly, every child was given a bar of soap (courtesy of Colgate-Palmolive). Children were shown and encouraged to wash their hands for a minimum of 20 seconds, or the equivalent of singing the 'happy birthday' song. These activities will continue throughout the year.
United Arab Emirates.
2012
"Abu Dhabi". On 15 October 2012, Hilton Abu Dhabi joined and celebrated for the Global Handwashing Day hosting an educational event with several unique and fun activities. More than 200 team members took part in the Global Hand Washing Day from different departments such as housekeeping, F&B, engineering, laundry, kitchen, stewarding, front office, human resources, sports & leisure, security and accounts. The event included educational videos regarding how to wash our hands properly and different presentations and discussions about the importance of washing hands in our daily life & workplace (including after using the toilet, before eating/handling food, after sneezing/coughing, dealing with sick people etc.)
The Private International English School had activities based on Global Handwwashing Day for grades 1–3. For grades 4–6 a workshop was held on handwashing, importance of handwashing and handwashing techniques that were demonstrated by the school doctor Mrs. Vineetha Sooraj. 1200 students took part in the Global Handwashing awareness campaign.
United States.
2013
"Boulder, Colorado." Around 600 people of all ages celebrated Global Handwashing Day in Boulder, CO this year! Whittier International Elementary and the Family Learning Center learned about the 8 steps of hand washing, especially during Flu Session, with fun activities and art projects. Casey Middle School watched media clips about the work young adults in Tanzania are doing to address hygiene education. Special thanks to the St. Julien Hotel for donating soap and the Alfalfa's Market for hosting an awareness booth outside their store. Fun was had by all! 
"Las Vegas, Nevada." Desert Rose Adult High School located in Las Vegas, Nevada, USA has what is called "The Hope Chest," where high school students in under served areas can go to obtain clothing, food, hygiene items, and resources to further their education as well as work with their budget. Hygiene care is essential in areas that are under served in the community, and Clean the World was able to provide 200 hygiene kits to The Hope Chest, as well as a bag of bar soap to distribute to students on healthy hygiene care practices, as well as lowering the statistics of hygiene related illnesses. AmeriCorps Nevada State Members manage The Hope Chest in means to provide better services to local high school students continuing their education. Over 200 students are serviced by The Hope Chest, and Clean the World thanks Desert Rose Adult High School for partnering with us for Global Handwashing Day 2013 on making hand washing awareness possible in this community!
"Washington, D.C." Ace Clean, a superhero that fights germs, and Henry the Hand teamed up to tackle D.C. germs! Ace Clean and Henry targeted visitors in Farragut Square and the White House, asking them if they wash their hands before lunch. Those that do were able to take a picture with Ace Clean and Henry the Hand with a "Clean Hands" sign. However, those that don't had to hold up a "Gross, I forgot to wash my hands" sign. Ace Clean and Henry were able to talk with both adults and children about the importance of washing their hands.
2012
"Auburn, Alabama." A community service project was designed and delivered by a nurse practitioner student from Auburn University / Auburn University Montgomery tying International Infection Control Month (October) to Global Handwashing Day (October 15) and linking to the need to immunize against the influenza virus. The 3 and 4 year olds at the Cornerstone United Methodist Foundation Program were the targeted population. A multimedia program based around the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's (US) Scrub Club program lead the children through learning what germs were, how they are transmitted, how to limit the transfer of microorganisms, and proper hand washing process. Make-believe "germs" were also applied strategically in areas the children may typically touch. A black light was used to show how these fake "germs" could still be on their hands if they didn't wash their hands properly : water, soap, rub, scrub, rinse, and dry for at least 20 seconds (or singing "Happy Birthday" twice). The children return demonstration how to wash their hands. A song about hand washing was taught to the children that followed the tune of "The Wheels on the Bus" (Hand Washing Song: The soap on your hands goes sud, sud, sud. Sud, sud, sud. Sud, sud, sud. The soap on your hands goes sud, sud, sud. And the germs go down the drain.) Each child received a packet with 4 crayons, several coloring pages re-enforcing germs and hand washing, a small "toy germ" and information to their parents to review at home. This re-enforces the lessons learned and allow information to be shared with the parents and other children in the households. Ten days later, the Nurse Practitioner student returned to the preschool and played a game with the 3 and 4 year old to evaluate their retention of the hand washing lesson.
"Atlanta, Georgia." Over 74,000 students in Atlanta, Georgia celebrated GHD. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) provided educators with videos, podcasts, and fact sheets to help teach kids the importance of handwashing in keeping themselves and others healthy.
Teachers also received an interactive presentation on handwashing around the world to teach students about handwashing in places where it is challenging and people often get sick. Classrooms received bars of soap, donated by the Global Soap Project of Norcross, Georgia for handwashing demonstrations and practice. Representatives of CDC and the Global Soap Project participated in handwashing activities in a number of classrooms. http://globalhandwashing.org/ghw-day/activities/cdc-celebration-georgia-schools
"Elkins, West Virginia." Health Science students at Randolph Technical Center taught other students about the importance of handwashing through a video presentation and practice. Members of the Health Occuaptions Students of America hung up signs in the school bathrooms to promote handwashing.
"Laguna Beach, California." Project CREED read their globally relevant children’s book about hand hygiene to Orange County children at the Laguna Beach Public Library.
"Las Vegas, Nevada." In celebration of Global Handwashing Day, AmeriCorps Nevada State Members partnered with United Way of Southern Nevada and created 576 hygiene kits for donation to the Teacher EXCHANGE of the Clark Country School District in Las Vegas, Nevada. The Director of Teacher EXCHANGE, Tim McCubbin, generously donated the 576 hygiene kits to Clark County School District schools. These hygiene kits contained hotel amenities collected by the Clean the World Foundation. Each hygiene kit featured shampoo, conditioner, body wash, body lotion, a bar of soap, and an inspirational note written by AmeriCorps Nevada State Members. The creation of these hygiene kits were made on site at the Clean the World Recycling Operations Center (ROC) in Las Vegas. Clean the World sought Global Hand Washing Day as an imperative event to further the mission of reducing the waste created by discarded soap and shampoo products, and prevent the millions of deaths caused by hygiene-related illnesses every year.
"Orlando, Florida." At the Clean the World Foundation, to celebrate Global Handwashing Day, 115 volunteers packed 7,346 hygiene kits and recycled 3400 bars of soap. The hygiene kits contains, soap, shampoo, body wash, lotion and conditioners. The hygiene kits will be distributed to children and families in need.
"Prince George’s County, Maryland."
U.S. Public Health Service Officer, Lt. Monique Bailey, demonstrated proper handwashing technique in a presentation to more than 150 men and women at a feed-the-homeless lunch event held at the Community Place Café in Hyattsville yesterday. Four Prince George’s County community organizations partnered with the U.S. Public Health Service to commemorate the fifth annual Global Handwashing Day.
“The simple practice of handwashing with soap has shown to be one of the most cost-effective interventions for illness and disease,” said Lt. Bailey. “As we move into flu and cold season, the importance of handwashing is particularly timely.”
Five surface handwashing stages were highlighted to the audience prior to the feed-the-homeless meal. Washing the wrists, front palms, backs of hands, between the fingers and beneath the nails were all demonstrated to the group.
Dr. Muhiuddin Haider, global health associate professor at the University of Maryland, plans to highlight the merits and methods of handwashing with at future events throughout the fall and winter season. “With the support of the U.S. Public Health Service, we’ve laid the foundation for healthy handwashing practices at this event,” said Dr. Haider. “If handwashing with soap can become routine for our most vulnerable groups – which the transient and homeless populations are -- we can halt the spread of many diseases. I’d like to have more presentations at the area’s winter holiday feed-the-homeless meals, as well as many others.”
Sponsors of Global Handwashing Day at Hyattsville, Md. include: U.S. Public Health Service; University of Maryland; Community Place Café; First United Methodist Church of Hyattsville; and Community Ministry of Prince George’s County.
"Rockville, Maryland". On GHD 2012, students from the University of Maryland Shady Grove Campus presented handwashing facts in the form of a trivia and slide show to assess and inform fellow students on the importance of handwashing. Students participated in the event by answering trivia questions and washing their hands at the hand washing station while learning the proper method to do so, and were given treats for their participation.
United Kingdom.
Global Handwashing Day partners in the UK produced a range of activities focused on raising public awareness and engaging school-aged children. The London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine released results of a study of contamination levels on commuters’ hands in five UK cities. The Health Protection Agency operated interactive handwashing promotion events in underprivileged areas of London. A poster competition gave children ages 6 – 11 the opportunity to think creatively about handwashing promotion for a unique prize trip to India to visit groundbreaking handwashing promotion programs. Activities with policymakers included a media event with several Members of Parliament at the Houses of Parliament, and an Early Day Motion for the Government to support hygiene promotion.
2012
"Blackpool." The children at the Cherwell Centre, Grange Park Blackpool celebrated Global Handwashing Day by taking part in e-bug's training on the significance of good hand hygiene in keeping us well. The training materials used for the handwashing event were developed by the Health Protection Agency and were used by hundreds of children around the UK in the Guinness Book of Records Hand Hygiene challenge. It is always a pleasure to join Maureen to help promote this important skill, which is very easy to learn. The children sang happy birthday twice, which is a good guide way to time how long it takes to wash hands properly, whilst Maria Cann demonstrated the 6 steps of hand washing. Derek Butler led the lesson on good respiratory hygiene showing what happens when we sneeze and how important it is to use a tissue and wash our hands. With the start of the flu season this was a timely reminder to learn about respiratory hygiene, which helps with staying healthy and cutting absenteeism from illnesses such as colds, viral infections and tummy bugs.
Uganda.
2012
"Bukwo District". To raise awareness, a health parade was organized by the head teacher. Issues concerning hand washing such as answers to why, when and where we wash hands were shared with the pupils.
From the parade the school was toured to visit the hygiene facilities in place, and together with the pupils a tippy tap was constructed by CRS staff to demonstrate to both the school staff and the pupils, the simple skills needed to construct a handwashing facility using locally available material plus a jerry can container. Materials for the construction of the tippy tap were contributed both by CRS and the pupils.
Zambia.
2008
Zambia celebrated its Sanitation Week in the week of 15 October 2008, as announced by the Ministry of Local Government and Housing. 13 television programs broadcast discussions on sanitation and hygiene issues.
In the capital city, Lusaka, local authorities launched a campaign for hygiene promotion in public places - especially restaurants - to help curb cholera outbreaks. Handwashing practices in food preparation premises topped the agenda in this campaign.
2012
"Samfya." Ninge zone, 50 km south of Samfya District in northern Zambia celebrated GHD with an event hosted by WaterAid, DAPP and Samfya District Council. The event’s theme was ‘Clean hands, Save lives.’ Dignitaries included the District Commissioner (Mr. Royd Chakaba), the District Education Officer, and the Area Councilor. Other senior government officials who attended came from the departments of health, community development and information. The local chief Chitembo was also in attendance.
Key activities at the event included symbolic handwashing by GOH and all participants, hygiene testimonies by mothers whose children had reached 5 years of age; quiz of children who celebrated a 5th birthday in 2012; hygiene quiz for participants; debate and poems on hygiene topics; village inspections; and football matches featuring both male and female players. Awards of hygiene hampers were also given to 6 village hygiene champions who led the adoption of 100% hygiene facilities (improved latrines, hand washing facilities, refuse pits, dish racks, and bath shelters).

</doc>
<doc id="19574599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574599" title="1966–67 DFB-Pokal">
1966–67 DFB-Pokal

The DFB-Pokal 1966–67 was the 24th season of the competition. It began on 25 December 1966 and ended on 10 June 1967. 32 teams competed in the tournament of five rounds. In the final Bayern Munich defeated Hamburg 4–0, thus defending their title from the previous season.

</doc>
<doc id="19574626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574626" title="AVS Raju">
AVS Raju

Alluri Venkata Sathyanarayana Raju () familiarly known as AVS Raju (ఎ.వి.ఎస్ .రాజు) is a person in the Indian construction industry. He is also now as doyen of Indian construction industry. He is the promoter and founder chairman of Nagarjuna Construction Company Ltd.
Early life.
AVS Raju was born on 18 April 1937 and hails from a family that has been in the construction for over three generations. He left his village Antervedipalem in East Godavari District, Andhra Pradesh, India, after matriculation at the age of 18 years to make his career in Hyderabad and started contributing his share in developing the state in the areas of Industry, Infrastructure, Agriculture and Power.
Last 45 years of his career, he has contributed in promoting many industries around Hyderabad and various parts of Andhra Pradesh while spreading the Construction activity in the country.
He was the Secretary and Treasurer of Sri Nagarjuna Cooperative Housing Society Limited in 1975 and presently is its President.
He was one of the promoters of M/s Nagarjuna Steels Ltd., during 1975-76, the first company of the present popular Nagarjuna group of Companies in Hyderabad and Deccan Cements Ltd., during 1983-84 a successfully and the first mini-cement plant in the country.
He was also Promoter and Managing Director of M/s AVS Containers Ltd. in 1983-84.
Literature.
Despite hectic business occupation for last 45 years, he has devoted time for literary, cultural and social activities and earned a great name as a freelance writer. He was member of many social and literary associations in Andhra Pradesh. He wrote more than 10,000 poems on various subjects including his two well-known books one on Sri Rama entitled "Rama Rasamrutham" and another one is on Bhagawan Sri Sri Sri Sathya Sai Baba entitled "Sri Sai Sudha Madhuri".
He has received UGADI PURASKAR from Govt. of Andhra Pradesh, India in 1998.
AVS Raju has set a new Guinness world record by writing the largest single volume biography "Sri Sai Sudha Madhuri" on the life of Sri Satya Sai Baba between 1996 and 2007. The single bound book consists of 32 separate volumes.
Raju has recently been appointed as chairman of the Hyderabad District Dharmic Council. He was also conferred with an honorary doctorate by the Acharya Nagarjuna University in 2008.
He has also had the rare distinction of being mentioned in the Limca Book of World Records for four consecutive years (2005–08).

</doc>
<doc id="19574634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574634" title="Princess Adelaide of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg">
Princess Adelaide of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg

Princess "Adelaide" Louise of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg (; 19 October 1889 – 11 June 1964) was a daughter of Friedrich Ferdinand, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein and his wife Princess Karoline Mathilde of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Augustenburg.
Princess Adelaide was the Princess consort of Solms-Baruth through her marriage to Friedrich, 3rd Prince of Solms-Baruth.
Early life.
Princess Adelaide was born on 19 October 1889 at Grünholz Manor in Schleswig-Holstein, Prussia as the fourth eldest daughter of Frederick Ferdinand, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderbug-Glücksburg and his wife Princess Karoline Mathilde of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Augustenburg.
Adelaide's father was the eldest son of Friedrich, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg and a nephew of Christian IX of Denmark. Four years before the birth of Adelaide, he had succeeded to the headship of the House of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg and the title of duke upon the death of his father in 1885.
Marriage.
Adelaide married Friedrich, Hereditary Prince of Solms-Baruth (later Friedrich, 3rd Prince of Solms-Baruth), second child and eldest son of Friedrich II, Prince of Solms-Baruth and his wife Countess Luise of Hochberg on 1 August 1914 at Potsdam, Brandenburg, Prussia. Solms-Baruth was one of the many minor states of the Holy Roman Empire, located in Lower Lusatia. It had lost its independence in the German Mediatization of 1806.
Adelaide and Friedrich had five children.
Later life.
On 31 December 1920, Hereditary Prince Friedrich's father died, and Friedrich became head of the house of Solms-Baruth.
Prince Friedrich died on 12 September 1951 in Windhoek, Namibia. Princess Adelaide died on 11 June 1964 in Salzburg, Salzburg, Austria.

</doc>
<doc id="19574706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574706" title="James Spratt (Royal Navy officer)">
James Spratt (Royal Navy officer)

Commander James Spratt (1771–1853), was an officer in the Royal Navy and became known as one of the heroes of the Battle of Trafalgar. Spratt was also the father of Thomas Abel Brimage Spratt, English vice-admiral, hydrographer and geologist.
Commander James Spratt was famous for having dived into the sea from the , swimming cutlass in teeth to the French 74-gun "Aigle", boarding her single handed. Climbing in through a stern window, he found his way to the French poop deck and threw himself on the French crew, one man against several hundred. In the melee he killed two French seamen, and was grappling with a third when he fell from the poop deck to the main deck, killing his opponent but injuring himself badly. He was saved by the timely arrival of a full boarding party from the "Defiance", but his gallantry cost him his career. His wounds left him with one leg shorter than the other and he retired to Teignmouth, Devon, where he became renowned as a long-distance swimmer.
It was in Woodway House, Teignmouth, that his son Thomas Abel Brimage Spratt was born in 1811 and at the age of 16 entered into the Royal Navy.

</doc>
<doc id="19574710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574710" title="Gyromantis occidentalis">
Gyromantis occidentalis

The Eastern bark mantis ("Gyromantis occidentalis") is a species of mantis found in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19574754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574754" title="Lubsza (river)">
Lubsza (river)

Lubsza is a river in Lubusz Voivodeship, Poland. It is a tributary of Lusatian Neisse ("Nysa Łużycka")

</doc>
<doc id="19574767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574767" title="CMT Top 12 Countdown">
CMT Top 12 Countdown

CMT Top 12 Countdown was a music video show that aired on Country Music Television (CMT) that debuted in 1994 and ended in December 2001 in favor for the longer Top 20 Countdown. Each episode would countdown the top 12 music videos of the week. At the end of each year, CMT would broadcast the Top 12 Countdown of the Year and present awards to artists for their music video achievements. 

</doc>
<doc id="19574774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574774" title="John Philip Sousa Junior High School (Bronx)">
John Philip Sousa Junior High School (Bronx)

John Philip Sousa Junior High School (also known as "JHS 142", "MS 142" and "John Philip Sousa Middle School") was a middle school located on Baychester Avenue, across the street from Cardinal Spellman High School, in the Edenwald section of the borough of the Bronx in New York City, New York. The school was named after John Philip Sousa and opened its doors in 1958. The school celebrated its golden jubilee in December 2008.
Academic standards.
The school had the city's only Korean language class.
History.
In 1960, Gail Bartley, a student at the school received a letter from Soviet Premier Nikita Khrushchev after she asked him to contribute something to the school's yearbook. Khrushchev was the only world leader to have replied to students (U.S. President Dwight Eisenhower never replied) after they started a letter-writing campaign asking for a written contribution to be included in the first yearbook at the school. The contribution, which was delivered in person by a Soviet diplomatic officer based in New York, was rejected by the New York City Department of Education due to unknown reasons.
In early 2005, a teacher at the school used a stand-in to pass his state certification test.
In October 2008, singer Britney Spears stopped by the school to drop off a US$10,000 donation from cosmetics giant Elizabeth Arden.
In October 2010, it was announced that the school was on the New York City Department of Education's shortlist of schools potentially targeted for closing. It was one of five schools in the Bronx to be on the list, and the only middle school in the borough scheduled to be closed due to poor academic performance. Should the school be closed, plans are to split the school into two smaller middle schools, "Middle School 529" and "Middle School 532". On 26 April 2012, the city's Board of Election voted to close the school after the last graduating class graduates in June 2012. On May 11, 2012, the city announced that school would be reopened in the Fall 2012 as the "North Bronx Academy," bringing to an end Sousa's 54-year old history. However, on June 29, 2012, a ruling by a legal arbitrator announced that all 24 schools slated to close under the city's "Turn Around" program (which included Sousa) will remain open. The ruling halted a central element of Mayor Michael Bloomberg's plans for closing and reopening the affected schools, saying its method for overhauling the staff at those institutions violated existing labor contracts. The school officially closed their doors on June 26, 2013. 

</doc>
<doc id="19574793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574793" title="Public Commission on the Oregon Legislature">
Public Commission on the Oregon Legislature

The Public Commission on the Oregon Legislature (PCOL) was a group of 30 citizens in the U.S. state of Oregon charged with developing recommendations on how to improve the Oregon Legislative Assembly. The 2005 session of the legislature established the commission with Senate Bill 1084. The bill, which declared an emergency, took effect upon its passage, when it was signed by Governor Ted Kulongoski on July 29, 2005.
The PCOL submitted its final report for the consideration of the 74th legislature on November 13, 2006. The 74th legislature implemented several of the recommendations.
Reception, impact and criticism.
The PCOL's recommendation to establish an "open" primary (also known as a nonpartisan blanket primary) was taken up by two former Secretaries of State, Phil Keisling and Norma Paulus, in the form of a ballot initiative. The effort narrowly missed qualifying for the 2006 general elections ballot, but a slightly modified version qualified for the 2008 general election ballot as ballot measure 65.
The Bend Bulletin criticized the PCOL's recommendations regarding the initiative and referendum system in an editorial, noting that the system was outside the PCOL's purview, and taking issue with the selective nature of the recommendations.
Recommendations to renovate the Oregon State Capitol were acted upon by the 2007 session of the legislature, and were noted in advertisements in the 2008 U.S. Senate race.
Recommendations.
The commission's report included recommendations on the following topics:
Fundamental reform: 
Institutional reform: 
Reforming legislative operations:
Improving facilities and technology:

</doc>
<doc id="19574805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574805" title="Live at the Rainbow 1973">
Live at the Rainbow 1973

Live at the Rainbow 1973 is a Sweet live album released in 1999. The album is a recording of a concert at the Rainbow Theatre, London on 21 December 1973.
This release marks the first time the Rainbow Theatre concert has been available in its entirety, seven of the tracks having been previously available on Sweet's 1975 double album "Strung Up".
Mono recording.
Two recordings were made of the Rainbow Theatre show, a multitrack recording and a mono recording direct from the mixing console. Unfortunately, Mick Tucker's snare drum was missing from the multitrack, and he later overdubbed the snare drum in the studio on the seven tracks that were released in stereo on the album "Strung Up".
As the unused tracks from the concert were not overdubbed; the only version of the complete concert with the snare drum was the mono recording, which is the recording used for this CD.

</doc>
<doc id="19574822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574822" title="Palmer Park Apartment Building Historic District">
Palmer Park Apartment Building Historic District

The Palmer Park Apartment Building Historic District is a historic district located in Detroit, Michigan. It is roughly bounded by Pontchartrain Boulevard on the west, McNichols Road on the south, and Covington Drive on the northeast. A boundary increase pushed the eastern boundary to Woodward Avenue. The district showcases some of the most ornate and most varied examples of apartment building design in Michigan, and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 (with a boundary increase in 2005).
History.
The land that this historic district sits on, like the adjacent "Palmer Park" and nearby Palmer Woods Historic District, was once the estate of Thomas W. Palmer, a wealthy Detroiter and one-time US Senator. Palmer had intended to develop this area into a subdivision, but died in 1913 before bringing the idea to fruition. After Palmer's death, this portion of the estate was purchased by Walter Briggs. In 1925, Briggs hired Albert Kahn to design an apartment building in the area (this building, at 1001 Covington, was converted to contos in 2005). Forty buildings total were constructed in the district by multiple architects, including Weidmaier and Gay, Robert West, and William Kapp. Most of the buildings were constructed in the 1920s and 1930s, but development continued until 1965.
At one time Palmer Park had a large LGBT community. At one time the area had large numbers of bars, bookstores, and restaurants owned by gay people. At that time, the only way one could acquire an apartment in the area is if one already knew another resident in the complex. Crime increased in the 1980s, and gay people began leaving. Wendy Case of "Metro Times" said "Ask three different people what happened to Palmer Park and you'll get three different answers. But all will eventually agree that crime is what dismantled Detroit's opportunity to have a gay renaissance akin to those of San Francisco and New York. The glorious art deco apartment buildings that were once at such a premium in this neighborhood are still there — but you no longer have to "know somebody" to get one. You just have to have to pony up about 300 bucks and be willing to live between a beautiful park and ungodly urban squalor." Craig Covey, a member of the city council of Ferndale, said that most of the former gay residents of Palmer Park "tended to move up Woodward Avenue and they settled in Ferndale, Royal Oak and Birmingham depending on their economic abilities. The middle-class folks came to Ferndale and Pleasant Ridge, as I did." The "Hotter Than July!" annual LGBT festival is held in Palmer Park; the festival states that it caters to the "black same-gender-loving".
Description.
The buildings within the district were designed primarily for middle- and upper-middle-class residents. They are primarily five- and six-story structures, and incorporated the latest residential technology. The architecture, however varies into the realm of the exotic, with styles such as Egyptian, Spanish Colonial Revival, Mediterranean, Venetian, Tudor, and Moorish Revival represented, as well as severely plain 1930's Art Moderne and International Style buildings.
Education.
Palmer Park is within the Detroit Public Schools district. Residents are zoned to Palmer Park Preparatory Academy, formerly the Barbara Jordan School, for elementary and middle school. All residents are zoned to Mumford High School. Palmer Park is operated by teachers and not by a principal administrator.

</doc>
<doc id="19574824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574824" title="Swimming at the 1992 Summer Paralympics">
Swimming at the 1992 Summer Paralympics

Swimming at the 1992 Summer Paralympics consisted of 163 events, 88 for men and 75 for women. Because of ties for third place in the women's 50 metre freestyle B3 and men's 50 metre freestyle B2 events, a total of 165 bronze medals were awarded.

</doc>
<doc id="19574857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574857" title="Nacional Monte de Piedad">
Nacional Monte de Piedad

The Nacional Monte de Piedad is a not-for-profit- institution and pawnshop whose main office is located just off the Zócalo, or main plaza of Mexico City. It was established between 1774 and 1777 by Pedro Romero de Terreros as part of a movement to provide interest-free or low-interest loans to the poor. It was recognized as a national charity in 1927 by the Mexican government. Today it is a fast-growing institution with over 200 branches all over Mexico and with plans to open a branch in every Mexican city.
Main office.
The main office is located on the northwest corner of the Zocalo on the corner of Monte de Piedad and 5 de Mayo streets. Despite having gone through considerable modifications, this once was part of the estate owned by Hernán Cortés (1485–1547). In this area were the "Old Houses" of Moctezuma II's father, Axayacatl (1453?-1483). At the time of Cortes’ arrival, Moctezuma lived in the "New Houses" across what is now the main plaza where the National Palace now stands. The dimensions of the original residence was so great, extending as far as modern-day Madero, Isabel la Católica, Tacuba and Monte de Piedad streets, that chronicler Francisco Cervantes de Salazar once stated that it was not a palace, but rather a city itself. Other observers compared the complex to the Cretan labyrinth where the Minotaur was imprisoned. The original structure had two floors and a series of smaller buildings that Cortes rented to traders. The main building used to house the Royal Tribunal and was the residence of two of the early viceroys of New Spain. In 1615, it was divided into lots for sale.
This building was extensively remodeled in 1984, with a number of projects. The outside walls of the building were cleaned, refurbishing the wood and ironwork of the portals and balconies, then sealing them against the effects of pollution. Floors, patios and columns were stripped and polished. Protections were placed on each appraiser's window and the art salon was enlarged. 
A fire, due to a short circuit, damaged this building on 17 April 2004. It began in the cashiers and appraisers’ rooms where 10 people were working on remodeling project at the time. Fire was seen on the ground and first floors of the building; however, no pawned items were damaged.
The institution.
Origins and history.
The Monte di Pietà movement began in Perugia, Italy, in 1450 with the Orden de Menores Observantes de San Francisco. It had the aim of providing financial assistance to people in the form of no-interest loans. Instead of interest, borrowers were urged to make donations to the Church. It spread first through Italy then in other parts of Europe. The first Monte de Piedad organization in Spain was founded in Madrid, and from there the idea was transferred to New Spain by Pedro Romero de Terreros, the Count of Santa María de Regla and Knight of Calatrava. 
Terreros (1710–1781) was born in Spain and arrived to Mexico in 1730, where he founded a number of enterprises including the Real del Monte silver mine in the modern-day state of Hidalgo. He founded the Sacro y Real Monte Pío de Animas between 1774 and 1777 with approval of the Spanish king Charles III, authorizing him the use of part of the College of Saints Peter and Paul, where the main office is today. Terreros initially funded the project by donating 300,000 pesos of gold. Like with other Monte de Piedad institutions, Terrenos’ foundation did not charge interest on the loans that it gave and also urged borrowers to make donations to Church institutions, especially the College of Saints Peter and Paul. He also urged borrowers to attend church and pray as a way to help them spiritually as well as financially. 
Operations began in 1775 in the College of Saints Peter and Paul and where the current main office is now. In 1818, Viceroy Apodaca ordered the evacuation of the building due to problems with the Independence movement but this did not happen until 1821, when King Ferdinand VII confiscated Jesuit properties. The foundation moved to the Franciscan Convent of Saint Bridget that was on Juárez Avenue and San Juan de Letrán Street (now Eje Central). It moved again in 1836 to two houses on Empedradillo Street off a difference section of the Zocalo that were owned by the Duke of Monteleone, a descendent of Hernan Cortez. Some time after the College of Saints Peter and Paul moved to what is now the College of San Ildefonso, the Monte de Piedad bought the old college structure and its original home from the Duke of Monteleone in 1836. 
After Independence, the institution was sanctioned by the new government and gained its current name. In the beginning of the 19th century, mismanagement, loans forced by the government and political unrest caused serious financial problems for Monte de Piedad. However, before the end of the same century, the institution was so financially solvent that it began to issue its own money (called confidential certificates of deposit) worth up to six million pesos in 1881. In that same year, it opened its first branches in San Luis Potosí, Oaxaca and Puebla, but these closed within a short time. In 1927, by presidential decree, Monte de Piedad was declared legally as an institution of "Beneficiencia Privada" (private charity).
Primary functions.
Since its foundation, it has had two unchanged fundamental objectives. The first and foremost is with respect to loans to families with emergency needs, giving the most favorable conditions possible and without considering possible financial gain to the institution. Its first and primary lending strategy is microloans secured through pawned objects. However, because the foundation lost significant money in its early years, it was decided in 1782 that it was necessary to charge fixed interest, decided by the governing board. Because they are a charitable organization, they will take items with a value as little as 30 pesos; however, the average loan is about 500 pesos. Most of the pawned items are jewelry and watches but the institution will also take a variety of objects such as cars, domestic appliances and even sheets and linens. However, it has since added some other financial services such as banking services, begun in 1878 and home equity loans, begun in 1997. 
The second has to do with the money the enterprise does earn. In the past decade, the institution has donated money to more than 1,500 charities, with an average total yearly donation of between 400 and 450 million Mexican pesos. Charities include Michui Mau, who work with burned children, the Mexican Red Cross, Teleton as well as charities which work with autistic children, children with cancer, people with AIDS, victims of domestic violence, among others. In addition to these, the foundation also supports education in the way of scholarships. Monte de Piedad has been a primary sponsor of the "Beca (scholarship) Cholula" fund, first by funding one yearly 100% scholarship and now it sponsors ten students each year. This scholarship is designed for outstanding students from poor communities in Puebla state such as San Andrés Cholula, San Pedro Cholula, Santa Isabel Cholula and San Gregorio Atzompa to attend UDLA, a private university. So far it has donated a total of 900,000 pesos to the fund.
Current operations and growth.
The institution has become so widespread in the country, especially since the year 2000 that it is popularly referred to as "Tia (Aunt) Piedad".
From 1988 to 2000, Monte de Piedad had between 33 and 35 branches in the entire Mexican republic, thirteen of which were in Mexico City. By January, 2008, that number had grown to 152 and there are plans to open a branch in every Mexican city. Right now the largest regional offices are in Mexico City, Monterrey, Guadalajara and Mérida. The foundation expects to extend pawn loans to 750,000 families, or about 905 million pesos in 2008. This would represent a 58% increase nationwide from 2007, upping the already 33 million pawned items that Monte de Piedad warehouses every year. The institution also expects to reach the 22 million-loan mark in 2008. Similar growth and projections have been reported in the various regional offices such as those in Culiacán and Mérida.
Loans can be for any purpose but Monte de Piedad reports that many are to remodel houses, send children to college or to start a business. There has also been a rise in people seeking loans to cover overdrafts of their credit cards. However, many loans are for expenses related to back-to-school, vacations periods (esp. Holy Week) and January, after the Christmas holidays.
Back to school loans occur in late August and early September. It represents the third busiest season for Monte de Piedad. Back to school costs usually include, school supplies, uniforms, shoes, backpacks as well as textbooks and can include specialty costs such as supplies for physics and art classes.
The busiest season for Monte de Piedad is in January, after the holidays, and second is the period around Holy Week vacations. However, during every major holiday and vacation period, people can be seen lining up at Monte de Piedad offices to finance their celebrations before or after the fact. Méndez Tapia, spokesman for Monte de Piedad, states that there is not a credit card mentality in Mexico, but pawning has long been part of the financial culture, especially for Mexicans with scarce resources.
Monte de Piedad's interest rate on pawned items is four percent, with seventeen months to recover pawned items. The recovery rate is 96%. For-profit pawn shops charge between twelve and twenty-four percent interest per month. Despite the high recovery rate, every two weeks, furniture, antiques, jewelry, cars, clothing, domestic appliances and other goods which have not been reclaimed by their owners are sold off at public auction at the main office in the Zócalo in Mexico City.
Reputation.
In 1945, the Department of Appraisers was created with the role of training appraisers by specialty (jewelry, furniture, works of art, etc.). To maintain its reputation financially, Monte de Piedad submits its financial records to the outside scrutiny of Standard & Poor's who regularly gives them a high approval rating. The institution has also been certified by AENOR. Legally speaking, the foundation works with legal authorities such as the Attorney General of the State of Chihuahua, signing agreements designed to thwart those who try to pawn stolen items. 
However, the institution has had labor issues. Retirees and active employees of Monte de Piedad protested in 2007, stating that the institution lied to them stating that they were enrolled in IMSS when they were not. Protesters stated that they had not realized the violation for so long because the company provided private health insurance. In subsequent legal action, the Junta Federal de Conciliación y Arbitraje (Federal Comisión of Conciliación and Arbitration) ruled against Monte de Piedad in a suit filed by about 350 employees of the firm.

</doc>
<doc id="19574878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574878" title="Massey H. Shepherd">
Massey H. Shepherd

The Reverend Doctor Massey Hamilton Shepherd, Jr. (March 14, 1913 – February 19, 1990) was ordained as a priest in the Episcopal Church in 1941. He was a prominent American liturgical scholar, and one of the few Americans and Protestants honored with an invitation to participate in Vatican II in the mid-twentieth century. He was a leading figure in developing the 1979 Book of Common Prayer, used by the Protestant Episcopal Church.
Early life.
Shepherd was born in Wilmington, North Carolina, the son of Alice Louise Gladstone Melville and Massey Hamilton Shepherd, Sr. He had an older sister. In 1928, he finished at the top of his class at Columbia High School at fifteen in Columbia, South Carolina. Less than four years later, he received both an undergraduate and a graduate degree simultaneously from the University of South Carolina in Classical Studies. He was married to Gabriella Taylor Connor and they had one daughter, Nancy Lloyd. 
Academic career.
Early in his teaching career he held a faculty position at the Episcopal Theological School in Cambridge, Massachusetts. For many years he was a faculty member at the Church Divinity School of the Pacific in Berkeley, California, and lectured at the nearby Graduate Theological Union. With Marion J. Hatchett, he became one of the significant framers of the 1979 version of the Episcopal Church's Book of Common Prayer. He received one of his doctorates from the University of Chicago. He had six doctoral degrees. He was instrumental in the success of the Sewanee Church Music Conference which began in July 1951 at The University of the South: "Regarding Massey Shepherd, Richard White (who served as Registrar for 13 years) related: “He was probably the finest liturgist in the country. He could talk for fifty minutes (the length of the classes) on the Prayer Book, the psalms, the structure of the service, etc. with no notes and never searched for a word. He was even invited to the Vatican to participate in discussions on liturgy.” [http://www.frogmusic.com/sewaneeconf/a-brief-history.html]
He was the author of over eighty publications including "The Living Liturgy" (Oxford University Press, 1946), "The Oxford American Prayer Book Commentary" (Oxford University Press, 1950), and "The Worship of the Church", Seabury Press, 1952).
He is buried in Tennessee next to his beloved wife Gaby. 

</doc>
<doc id="19574881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574881" title="Paul Smith (Irish writer)">
Paul Smith (Irish writer)

Paul Smith (4 October 1920, Dublin, Ireland – 11 January 1997, Dublin) was an Irish writer and playwright.
Biography.
Smith was born near Charlemont Street in Dublin, the son of a wheelwright. He became involved with the Gate Theatre at 16 years of age. In Ireland he worked as a costume maker and designer in the Abbey and Gate Theatres in Dublin. He went to London in the 50s and then on to Sweden, where he started writing. He then moved to America and soon after to Australia, where he settled in Melbourne for some years. While there he wrote The Countrywoman (1962), The Stubborn Season (1962), and ’Stravanga (1963). He returned to Dublin in 1972 where he remained until he died on 11 January 1997.
He was awarded the American Irish Foundation Literary Award in 1978, and was a member of Aosdána.

</doc>
<doc id="19574900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574900" title="Aaron Schroeder">
Aaron Schroeder

Aaron Schroeder (September 7, 1926 – December 2, 2009) was an American songwriter and music publisher.
Biography.
Born Aaron Harold Schroder, he graduated from the school now known as the Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School of Music & Art and Performing Arts in New York City.
Songwriter.
Having become an ASCAP member in 1948, Schroeder had his first success with "At a Sidewalk Penny Arcade", one of the songs to introduce Rosemary Clooney as a solo recording artist. He proceeded to write more than 1500 songs seeking the varied talent of many collaborators. His chart record in the United Kingdom, as a writer, is 27 hits, 3 number ones, 9 top tens and 225 weeks on the chart. 
He wrote seventeen songs for Elvis Presley including five that reached number one:
"It's Now or Never" as recorded by Presley was selected as number 75 in Billboard Magazine's top 100 songs on their 100th-anniversary "Greatest Hits Chart". . In an interview with Jan-Erik Kjeseth he said that he was in fact present when Elvis recorded the song. He was very impressed with Elvis` attitude; Elvis wanted everything to be right; almost to the point of having tears in his eyes because he — Elvis — felt himself to be struggling to get the result that he envisaged in his head. Schroeder had more than 500 song recordings to his credit, including major records by dozens of artists such as Roy Orbison, Duane Eddy, Sammy Davis Jr., Nat King Cole, Perry Como and Pat Boone. In the above-mentioned interview Schroeder said that he had in fact also participated in finalizing the hit song "It`s my party" (Lesley Gore). Together with his regular partner at the time, Wally Gold, he made corrections to an unfinished piece of material that another writer had brought in. WHen the work was done, Gold and Schroeder tossed a coin as to whose name should be listed among the credits. Schroeder "lost". Schroeder made a cameo appearance in the 1957 Warner Bros. rock and roll movie, "Jamboree", as a songwriter.
Record producer.
Schroeder was founder and president of Musicor Records (1960–1965), a front runner of the independent labels to be distributed by a major company worldwide. He discovered, managed and directed the career of Gene Pitney and produced the Academy Award nominee for "Best Song", "Town Without Pity". Other credits include his first album, "The Child is Father to the Man" for Blood, Sweat and Tears. With Hal David and Burt Bacharach he conceived the marriage of the Pitney sound with David and Bacharach's songs, producing a string of record successes like "The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance", "Only Love Can Break a Heart" and "24 Hours from Tulsa". 
Death.
Aaron Schroeder died on December 2, 2009 in Englewood, New Jersey, aged 83. For the last five years, he was a resident of the Lillian Booth Actors' Home of the Actors Fund in Englewood. His death came after a long battle with primary progressive aphasia, a rare form of dementia.

</doc>
<doc id="19574904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574904" title="Dock4-Ex49">
Dock4-Ex49

Dock4-Ex49 is a splice variant of the signalling protein Dock4 (Dedicator of cytokinesis 4). It has been found in the brain, inner ear and eye. It is able to bind and activate the small G protein Rac and may regulate the organisation of the actin cytoskeleton in the Stereocilia of the inner ear.

</doc>
<doc id="19574920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574920" title="Alberts Chapel">
Alberts Chapel

Alberts Chapel is an unusual octagonal Methodist church located near the settlement of Sand Ridge, West Virginia. Built in the Carpenter Gothic-style, the simple, sparingly ornamented church rises to an octagonal cupola, with lancet windows and board-and-batten siding. The chapel was built in 1903 under the direction of Albert Poling by his uncle Charles Poling with materials provided by his brothers Asbury and Wesley. The church was named for Albert in recognition of his efforts.
The chapel seats as many as 300, a surprising number for such an apparently small building. A possibly apocryphal account of the origins of the octagonal design suggests that the form was chosen "so that the devil couldn't corner you in it." Suffering from advanced deterioration the chapel was entirely rebuilt in 2004, with little of the original fabric remaining.

</doc>
<doc id="19574949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574949" title="Benj. Franklin Savings and Loan">
Benj. Franklin Savings and Loan

Benj. Franklin Savings and Loan was a thrift based in Portland, in the U.S. state of Oregon. Founded in 1925, the company was seized by the United States Government in 1990. In 1996 the United States Supreme Court found that this and similar seizures were based on an unconstitutional provision of the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 1989 (FIRREA). Shareholders of the thrift sued the federal government for damages caused by the seizure, with the shareholders winning several rounds in the courts. In 2013, $9.5 million was allocated for disbursement to shareholders.
History.
Benj. Franklin S&L's television commercials featured its President, Bob Hazen. A short fellow with a high nasal voice, Hazen hawked toasters and other free gifts to woo new depositors and to pitch other financial products and services. Hazen is credited with inventing the thrift marketing phrase: "Pay Yourself First."
Hazen's father founded the Benj. Franklin in 1925. Although the name on signs and letterhead was "Benj." in promotions and discussions, the full word "Benjamin" was always pronounced.
Between 1982 and 1989 the thrift made a profit in 16 consecutive calendar quarters and became the number one mortgage lender in the Portland metropolitan area. It had strong lending positions in other major areas of the Northwest.
Headquarters.
Their named headquarters building was 1 SW Columbia, in Portland, Oregon. A 30-story 1980s brick-veneer office building, fronting on the Willamette River near the Hawthorne and Marquam Bridges, the building still stands as the Umpqua Bank Plaza, headquarters of Umpqua Holdings Corporation.
Hazen was a fan of cast-iron architecture, a technique popular in the 19th century to early 20th century. He had collected castings from a great many, as the old buildings were torn down over the years by developers. Several of these iron fronts were incorporated into the executive level and board room of the building.
Seeds of the seizure.
In 1982 the entire industry was on the verge of bankruptcy, as was the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation (FSLIC), the government agencies that insured banks and thrifts to protect the depositors. Interest rates on savings deposits were over 15% at a time when the industry was invested in long-term mortgages charging about 8%.
When regulators seize a bank or a thrift, they find a healthy bank or thrift to "acquire" the assets, liabilities and customers of the failing enterprise. There are various incentives, including an accounting strategy that values the negative net worth of the failing thrift as a capital asset of "Goodwill" to the acquiring thrift. These were called "Supervisory Goodwill Agreements". The acquiring thrift was allowed to show this "Goodwill" as an asset for regulatory compliance purposes, depreciating (writing it down) over a long period of years. "Supervisory Goodwill" was also called "Blue Sky."
Absent "Blue Sky" most acquiring thrifts would be instantly out of compliance with regulatory capitalization requirements, so it was a necessary component of most forced mergers.
In 1982, Benj. Franklin was asked by the FSLIC to acquire a failing thrift, Equitable Savings and Loan. The agreement with the government included a 40-year amortization of over $340 million in "Supervisory Goodwill" ($644 million in 2008 dollars). Benj. Franklin and the government made a similar agreement in 1985 concerning the acquisition of Western Heritage Savings and Loan. These agreements had the full approval of the Federal Home Loan Bank Board.
Scandals and FIRREA.
In the middle of the S&L crisis of the late 1980s; the officers of several thrifts were accused and later convicted of defrauding investors and depositors. In 1989 Congress passed FIRREA. Critics suggest that FIRREA was a hasty reaction to the frauds and scandals that actually exacerbated the S&L problem, from crisis to a true disaster. Among its controversial provisions, FIRREA retroactively revoked agreements for the long-term amortization of goodwill.
The US Constitution prohibits "Ex Post Facto" laws (making something illegal after it has happened). In 1996, the US Supreme Court found that this clause applied to the retroactive aspects of FIRREA.
Seizure.
In late 1989 regulators notified Benj. Franklin that the $330 million in "Supervisory Goodwill Agreement" phantom capital from the Equitable S&L merger must be removed from the balance sheets under the new FIRREA rules. Benj. Franklin was informed that unless it came up with a replacement for that $330 million in capital within about 90 days, it would be declared insolvent and seized.
The managers of Benj. Franklin pointed to the contract all had signed, and took the position that the new requirement to raise additional capital was a violation of that contract. They took the posture that they were in compliance and had a contract which defined compliance and did not need to come up with $330 million, roughly double the amount then held as capital.
Regulators declared Benj. Franklin insolvent and seized its assets on February 21, 1990 under protest. In August 2013, it was announced shareholders would receive $9.5 million, or $1.23 per share, in a disbursement of the company's assets. 
Lawsuit.
Trial on the issue of how much damages should be awarded started in January 1999, and finished in September 1999. Government experts testified that the damages to Benj. due to the seizure was zero. Experts testified that the value of Benj. Franklin at the time of the 1999 trial if it had not been seized would have been $944,000,000.

</doc>
<doc id="19574950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574950" title="Jill Stuart">
Jill Stuart

Early life.
Jill Stuart (born 5 January 1965) is a fashion designer. She sold her first collection of silver and leather chokers and suede fringed hobos to Bloomingdale's at 15 while still attending Manhattan's Dalton School. Jill later attended the Rhode Island School of Design.
Fashion.
The Jill Stuart Collection began in 1993 with accessories and innovations such as the fashion backpack, cocktail mini dresses and plaid kilt skirts. The film "Clueless" featured many of the designs from her first sportswear collection fueling her notoriety and international appeal.
The photographers who have shot the JILLSTUART image include Patrick Demarchelier, Ellen von Unwerth, Kelly Klein, Satoshi and Mario Sorrenti. The models selected by JILLSTUART have also launched the careers of Tasha Tilberg, Jaime Rishar, Trish Goff and Gemma Ward, among many others.

</doc>
<doc id="19574952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574952" title="Crystal Darkness">
Crystal Darkness

Crystal Darkness is a 30-minute Emmy and Telly Award-winning documentary on the dangers and prevalence of the drug methamphetamine. The film features testimonies of young people who have gone through meth addiction, as well as interviews with high profile politicians and law enforcement officials.
The documentary is the centerpiece of a city-by-city, state-by-state campaign and has garnered the attention of residents in regions across the United States when it aired. In Arizona alone, the program reached an estimated 2.5 million residents and took over 1,200 phone calls from persons seeking help with meth addiction.
Production.
The "Crystal Darkness" documentary was created and produced in Reno, Nevada in 2006 by Michael Reynolds. The campaign was directed and edited by Logan Needham. The entire program is produced by Global Studio.
A small portion of the film is pre-packaged with information on how meth affects the brain, how it's made, whom it affects and testimonials from law enforcement and individuals who have struggled through its addiction. The rest of the program is filmed in the host city or state with local experts, clinicians and providers, law enforcement, elected officials and recovering addicts.
Presentation.
It is unique in that each city it airs, it is run as a media roadblock, wherein all the network stations in a target region air it simultaneously. The program also airs in Spanish on Spanish-language stations.
The documentary features original music by alldaydrive and Today Is The Day NV. Both groups are based in Reno, Nevada. 
Childhelp sponsorship.
The program is sponsored by Childhelp, a national child abuse prevention and treatment non-profit organization. Childhelp is responsible for maintaining the program’s hot line, 1-888-METH-AID, in addition to its child abuse hot line, 1-800-4-A-CHILD. The non-profit organization reports over two-thirds of the cases of child abuse it handles have a direct correlation to meth use or production by the child’s parents or guardian.
Campaigns.
The campaign has reached a large audience wherever it is deployed because of how it is managed. Prior to agreeing to be a host city or state, representatives interested in bringing the program to their community are invited to attend a dinner event the night the program airs in another location. There, they learn from individuals who have run a past campaign what is involved, how the program operates and how they achieved success. Each host city is responsible for pitching the local media to run the program in a media roadblock, where all stations in the region agree to air the program at a certain time and date. The program is a collaboration of effort among religious organizations, law enforcement, elected officials, volunteers, treatment providers, educators, and more. Each is delegated responsibilities ranging from community outreach to compiling a comprehensive provider resource book. Listed below are the regions the campaign has aired in to-date and cities that have campaigns in motion.
Emmy Statuette.
In October, 2008, the Arizona Broadcaster's Association received the Governor's Award from the Rocky Mountain Southwest Chapter of the National Academy of Television Arts & Sciences. The Emmy Statuette recognized the work of the "Childhelp Crystal Darkness" campaign in Arizona and its extensive community outreach. The Governor's Award is given annually to a deserving program and is the highest achievement the NATAS Chapter rewards.

</doc>
<doc id="19574956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574956" title="Adolph Giesl-Gieslingen">
Adolph Giesl-Gieslingen

Adolph Giesl-Gieslingen (7 September 1903 - 11 February 1992) was an Austrian locomotive designer and engineer. 
Giesl-Gieslingen was born in 1903 in Trient, Tirol, and studied at the Technical College in Vienna. In 1924 he published a technical article on smokebox design and chimneys. In 1925 he received his diploma as an engineer, and began working as a design engineer at the Floridsdorf locomotive works, where he was involved in the construction of the Class 214 2-8-4s. While at Floridorf he continued his studies, being interested in developing the rectangular chimney design developed by Golsdorf in Austria, and finished his doctoral thesis on locomotive front-end design in 1929.
To the USA.
In 1929 the director, Arno Demmer, sent him to the USA, where he stayed until 1938, working on the New York Central Railroad testing a Kylala blastpipe. There he got to know his wife, whom he married in 1933 in New York.
Return to Austria.
After his return he became Demmer's assistant and, after the Second World War, chief engineer of the Floridsdorf company. In 1946 he took up his post as honorary professor at the Technical College in Vienna as the successor to Johann Rihosek.
Giesl ejector.
He developed the Giesl ejector for steam locomotives, which he patented and allowed to be sold by the Schoeller-Bleckmann works. The first notable application of this was to an Austrian 2-8-4 where fitting of the Giesl ejector produced a 25% increase in power output and a small saving in coal. As a result, Giesl ejectors were fitted to locomotives in Austria, East Germany, East Africa and Czechoslovakia. British Railways 9F locomotive No. 92250 was tested at Rugby with a Giesl ejector which demonstrated its effectiveness but due to imminent dieselisation no other locomotives were so fitted. Giesl later published several books on the subject of steam locomotive technology through the Viennese publishers of "Verlag Slezak". The effectiveness of the Giesl ejector, being slightly better than the Kylchap exhaust, has led to two preserved locomotives in the UK being fitted with it; Bulleid Pacific No. 34092 "City of Wells" and BR standard class 2 2-6-0 No. 78022.
Death.
Adolph Giesl-Gieslingen died on 11 February 1992 in Vienna.

</doc>
<doc id="19574983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574983" title="Nikita Lalwani">
Nikita Lalwani

Nikita Lalwani is a novelist born in Kota, Rajasthan in 1973 and raised in Cardiff, Wales. Her work has been translated into sixteen languages. She studied English at Bristol University and her first book, "Gifted", was longlisted for the Man Booker Prize and shortlisted for the Costa First Novel Award. She was also nominated as "Sunday Times" Young Writer of the Year. In June 2008 she won the inaugural Desmond Elliott Prize for Fiction. She donated the £10,000 prize to human rights campaigners, Liberty.Lalwani's second book, 'The Village' was published in 2012 and selected as one of eight titles for the Fiction Uncovered campaign for the best of British fiction in 2013. Lalwani has contributed to "The Guardian", "The New Statesman" and "The Observer" and also written for "AIDS Sutra", an anthology exploring the lives of people living with HIV/AIDS in India. She lives in North London. In 2013 she was a book judge for the Orwell Prize, Britain's most prestigious prize for political writing. 

</doc>
<doc id="19574986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574986" title="Olaf Poulsen (Norway)">
Olaf Poulsen (Norway)

Olaf Poulsen (27 July 1920 – 27 September 2008) was a Norwegian sports official, best known as president of the worldwide speed skating federation International Skating Union.
Born in Kristiania, Poulsen was an active speed skated in his younger days. He represented the club Oslo IL, and eventually became involved in the administration of that club. He eventually became an honorary club member.
He became a member of the board of the Norwegian Skating Association in 1966, vice president in 1968 and president from 1969 to 1973. In the International Skating Union he was a board member from 1971, vice president from 1977 and president from 1980 to 1994. From 1992 to 1994 he was also a member of the International Olympic Committee. He retired after the 1994 Winter Olympics, held in his native country.

</doc>
<doc id="19574999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19574999" title="Rangeline Conference">
Rangeline Conference

The Rangeline Conference was an IHSAA-Sanctioned High School Athletic Conference that lasted from 1965 to 1999, containing schools in Boone, Clinton, Delaware, Hamilton, Hancock, Hendricks, Howard, Marion, Shelby, and Tipton Counties in Central Indiana at various points, though never having more than five counties represented at one time, and the largest membership at once being eight schools.
The conference began as the Mid-Capital Conference in 1965, following the breakup of the Hamilton County Conference due to consolidation. The six school loop was down to four by 1970, but expanded to 7 by 1972 and rebranded itself as the Rangeline, since its footprint was no longer confined to the northern suburbs of Indianapolis. While the conference was stable at 8 schools from 1974 to 1989, size differences and geography plagued Rangeline for its remaining 11 years, until its demise in 2000.
Resources.
Rangeline Conference Lifespan

</doc>
<doc id="19575013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19575013" title="Huenecura">
Huenecura

Huenecura or Huenencura was the Mapuche Toqui from 1604 to 1610. He replaced Paillamachu who died in 1603. He was replaced by Aillavilu in 1610.

</doc>
<doc id="19575016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19575016" title="Leningrad Cowboys Meet Moses">
Leningrad Cowboys Meet Moses

Leningrad Cowboys Meet Moses is a 1994 film directed by Aki Kaurismäki. It is a sequel to the popular 1989 film "Leningrad Cowboys Go America" that introduced the fictional Russian rock band Leningrad Cowboys which, subsequently, became a notable real life rock band in Finland.
Plot.
Picking up where "Leningrad Cowboys Go America" left off, the band has settled in Mexico after charting a top ten hit there. However, many band members become alcoholics spending most of their day drinking tequila. Before long, more than half of the band members have died from excessive drinking. The surviving members have, in the mean time, become naturalized Mexicans, complete with mustaches, Mexican wardrobe but with their pompadours still intact.
Down on their luck and out of practice, the band and their road manager Igor (Kari Vaananen) receive an anonymous telegram, requesting their presence for a gig at the Surf Hotel at Coney Island. So they sneak past the Mexican-American border and make their way to New York City. When they arrive, they find out that the sender of the telegram was their ex-manager Vladimir (Matti Pellonpää) who, after going through an experience of being born again, now calls himself Moses. Moses gathers the group at his room, and plans a return trip to "the Promised Land" (Siberia) so that they can rebuild the band. After they leave for Europe, Moses takes the Statue of Liberty's nose as a souvenir.
While the others head to Europe by boat, Moses stows away on the wing of a plane. Inside, a CIA agent (André Wilms) learns of the missing nose through an article in the New York Tribune. Moses, meanwhile, falls off the plane and meets up with the band at a beach. Several of their people from Siberia arrive in a rented bus to pick them up.
As Moses inherited Vladimir's business talent, he continues to secure gigs for the band for money. Their first stop is a Bingo parlor in France. Eventually, the CIA agent catches up with them at a hotel in Amiens and, posing as a record producer, provides them with money to play for a wedding at the hotel. The agent goes to the bus to find the nose there, but is knocked unconscious by Igor. The next day, they learn of his real identity from the CIA logo on his cigarette holder, and take him for the rest of the trip.
Before they cross the border to Russia, Moses states that, according to The Holy Bible, he never sees the promised land, so he retires and returns to being Vladimir. After ridding the bus of empty bottles, they arrive home the next morning. Everyone is happy to see their return and have a party that evening. The film ends with Elijah being left alone with the nose.
Music.
There has not been a soundtrack album released for this film. Music credited in the film include:

</doc>
<doc id="19575034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19575034" title="Who Is Harry Nilsson (And Why Is Everybody Talkin' About Him)?">
Who Is Harry Nilsson (And Why Is Everybody Talkin' About Him)?

"Who is Harry Nilsson... (And Why Is Everybody Talkin' About Him?)" is a documentary about the musician Harry Nilsson that premiered at the Santa Barbara International Film Festival in 2006. It was released theatrically and on DVD in the Fall of 2010.
Plot.
David Leaf and John Scheinfeld interviewed close to three dozen of Nilsson's friends, colleagues and extended family, who all shared their memories of Harry Nilsson, his music and how it affected them. This was put together in a documentary where we follow Harry Nilsson from childhood to death, enjoying the highs and lows along with him, from Grammy wins through divorce and substance abuse.
The film features original interviews with well-known friends and acquaintances of Nilsson, including Perry Botkin, Jr., Micky Dolenz, Terry Gilliam, Mark Hudson, Eric Idle, Al Kooper, Randy Newman, Yoko Ono, May Pang, Van Dyke Parks, Richard Perry, Jimmy Webb, Paul Williams, Robin Williams, Brian Wilson and The Smothers Brothers. Also included are interviews with Nilsson's family, including his wives and children. Perhaps the most notable absence in the film is Ringo Starr, who does not feel comfortable talking about three people in person: John Lennon, George Harrison and Harry Nilsson. Another notable absence in the film is arranger-composer George Tipton, who worked closely with Nilsson on nearly all of his early RCA recordings - they reportedly had an unexplained and permanent falling-out, and Tipton refused to be interviewed for the film.

</doc>
<doc id="19575057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19575057" title="Sony Ericsson K600">
Sony Ericsson K600

The Sony Ericsson K600 is a 3G mobile phone handset manufactured by Sony Ericsson. It was announced in the first quarter of 2005. The K600i is its international variant. Generally available on the Orange network in the UK, the K600i is very closely related to the K608i and V600i models, and was produced at the same time. The K608i was available on the 3 network, and the V600i was available on the Vodafone network. The K608i and V600i are both practically the same phone internally as the K600i, but look different externally.
Reviews.
The K600 was relatively small for a 3G phone at the time of its manufacture. As the phone doesn't feature a memory card slot, it is mainly criticised for its inability to expand memory. It is usually praised for its connectivity options, it can serve as a modem for a computer either via USB data cable or Bluetooth.

</doc>
<doc id="19575074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19575074" title="Kaj Leo Johannesen">
Kaj Leo Johannesen

Kaj Leo Holm Johannesen (born 28 August 1964 in Tórshavn, Faroes) is the current Faroese prime minister, representing the Faroese Unionist Party (Sambandsflokkurin). He took office, succeeding Jóannes Eidesgaard on 26 September 2008. Johannesen is also a former international football player; he was goalkeeper for the Faroe Islands national football team.
In the Faroese parliamentary elections, held on 29 October 2011 Kaj Leo Johannesen received 1979 personal votes. This is the biggest ever number of personal votes, given to any Faroese parliament candidate.
Member of the City Council of Tórshavn.
Kaj Leo Johannesen was a member of the City Council of Tórshavn 1997-2000, representing the Faroese Unionist Party (Sambandsflokkurin).
Football career.
Kaj Leo Johannesen was a football goalkeeper and received 4 full international caps for the Faroes. He made his debut as a half-time substitute in a Euro 1992 qualifying game against eventual winners Denmark in Landskrona, Sweden, which served as Faroes' home ground during their very first international qualifying tournament. He played all 90 minutes in his other international matches, including the first ever competitive game, played on the Faroes, on June 3, 1992 at Svangaskarð, Toftir against Belgium in 1994 FIFA World Cup qualification.
He was unused substitute in 18 FIFA registered international matches in the period between 1989 and 1995. Kaj Leo was kept on the bench in most international matches by the "Bobble Hat" goalkeeper Jens Martin Knudsen, also in the Euro 1992 qualifying 1-0 victory over Austria in Landskrona, Sweden on September 12, 1990.
Club Football Career.
Kaj Leo Johannesen played as first choice goalkeeper for one of the strongest Faroese clubs, HB Tórshavn between 1984 and 1998, and made some comebacks in later years. He became champion of the Faroese League in 1988, 1990 and 1998.
Handball Player for Kyndil.
Kaj Leo Johannesen is also a former handball player. He played 163 matches for Kyndil and scored 625 goals for the club.

</doc>
<doc id="19575097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19575097" title="Table tennis at the 1992 Summer Paralympics">
Table tennis at the 1992 Summer Paralympics

Table tennis at the 1992 Summer Paralympics consisted of 30 events, 21 for men and 9 for women.

</doc>
<doc id="19575136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19575136" title="Mishni">
Mishni

Mishni may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19575137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19575137" title="Esquisse d'un Programme">
Esquisse d'un Programme

"Esquisse d'un Programme" is a famous proposal for long-term mathematical research made by the German-born, French mathematician Alexander Grothendieck
. He pursued the sequence of logically linked ideas in his important project proposal from 1984 until 1988, but his proposed research continues to date to be of major interest in several branches of advanced mathematics. Grothendieck's vision provides inspiration today for several developments in mathematics such as the extension and generalization of Galois theory, which is currently being extended based on his original proposal.
Brief history.
Submitted in 1984, the "Esquisse d'un Programme" was a proposal submitted by Alexander Grothendieck for a position at the Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique. The proposal was not successful, but Grothendieck obtained a special position where, while keeping his affiliation at the university of Montpellier, he was paid by the CNRS and released of his teaching obligations. Grothendieck held this position from 1984 till 1988. This proposal was not formally published until 1997, because the author "could not be found, much less his permission requested". The outlines of "dessins d'enfants", or "children's drawings", and "Anabelian geometry", that are contained in this manuscript continue to inspire research; thus, "" Anabelian geometry is a proposed theory in mathematics, describing the way the algebraic fundamental group "G" of an algebraic variety "V", or some related geometric object, determines how "V" can be mapped into another geometric object "W", under the assumption that "G" is not an abelian group, in the sense of being strongly noncommutative. The word "anabelian" (an alpha privative "an-" before "abelian") was introduced in "Esquisse d'un Programme". While the work of Grothendieck was for many years unpublished, and unavailable through the traditional formal scholarly channels, the formulation and predictions of the proposed theory received much attention, and some alterations, at the hands of a number of mathematicians. Those who have researched in this area have obtained some expected and related results, and in the 21st century the beginnings of such a theory started to be available.""
Abstract of Grothendieck's programme.
Suggested further reading for the interested mathematical reader is provided
in the "References" section.
Extensions of Galois's theory for groups: Galois groupoids, categories and functors.
Galois has developed a powerful, fundamental algebraic theory in mathematics that provides very efficient computations for certain algebraic problems by utilizing the algebraic concept of groups, which is now known as the theory of Galois groups; such computations were not possible before, and also in many cases are much more effective than the 'direct' calculations without using groups. To begin with, Alexander Grothendieck stated in his proposal:" "Thus, the group of Galois is realized as the automorphism group of a concrete, pro-finite group which respects certain structures that are essential to this group."" This fundamental, Galois group theory in mathematics has been considerably expanded, at first to groupoids- as proposed in Alexander Grothendieck's "Esquisse d' un Programme" ("EdP")- and now already partially carried out for groupoids; the latter are now further developed beyond groupoids to categories by several groups of mathematicians. Here, we shall focus only on the well-established and fully validated extensions of Galois' theory. Thus, EdP also proposed and anticipated, along previous Alexander Grothendieck's "IHÉS" seminars (SGA1 to SGA4) held in the 1960s, the development of even more powerful extensions of the original Galois's theory for groups by utilizing categories, functors and natural transformations, as well as further expansion of the manifold of ideas presented in Alexander Grothendieck's "Descent Theory". The notion of motive has also been pursued actively. This was developed into the motivic Galois group, Grothendieck topology and Grothendieck category
. Such developments were recently extended in algebraic topology "via" representable functors and the fundamental groupoid functor.

</doc>
<doc id="19575141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19575141" title="Ang Babaeng Hinugot sa Aking Tadyang">
Ang Babaeng Hinugot sa Aking Tadyang

Ang Babaeng Hinugot sa Aking Tadyang or Dangerous Love "(International title)" is an adaptation of Carlo J. Caparas' celebrated graphic novel, which in turn produced a film version in the 1980s starring Vivian Velez and Eddie Rodriguez. In the TV version, Joyce E. Bernal, with Topel Lee, directs Dingdong Dantes and Marian Rivera in a story of destiny, secrets and deception. The series premiered on February 2, 2009 on GMA Network. It was aired internationally, with a two-day delay, on GMA Pinoy TV.
Premise.
The story is about Homer Alcaraz (Dingdong Dantes), a young successful businessman who leads a monotonous life. On the other hand, Proserfina J. Valdez (Marian Rivera) is the complete opposite of Homer. She is a mysterious woman whom Homer surprisingly find in one morning sleeping next to him. Proserfina is beautiful, feisty, down-to-earth but mysterious. Her beauty and her unconventional, free-spirited character immediately attract Homer. Proserfina's presence changes the businessman's dull existence. Homer starts to fall in love with her and decides to develop a relationship with her but Prose disappears. Her disappearance is as mysterious as her appearance in Homer's bed. One day they cross paths, but she vanishes as quickly as she entered his life and then appear in his room.
Homer has to look for her because not only he loves her but also to unravel her mystery, which she always tries to hide. She is a woman with full of intrigue who has involved in a syndicate gang root which Homer needs to uncover. Despite many danger, he decides to become a partner of the syndicate gang root to find her and help her out of the leader of that gang... . The two lovers have to face with many obstacles and dangers in their love adventure.
DVD release.
The series will be released onto DVD by GMA Records. The DVD distribution was released after the week the television series ended in six volumes with all 63 episodes.

</doc>
<doc id="19575145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19575145" title="Sweet Adeline (musical)">
Sweet Adeline (musical)

Sweet Adeline is a musical with music by Jerome Kern, book and lyrics by Oscar Hammerstein II and original Orchestration by Robert Russell Bennett. It premiered on Broadway in 1929. The story, set in the Gay 90s, concerns a Hoboken, New Jersey girl who, unlucky in love, becomes a Broadway star. 
Production history.
The musical opened at Hammerstein's Theatre on September 3, 1929 and closed March 22, 1930, after 234 performances. Produced by Arthur Hammerstein the show was directed by Reginald Hammerstein (the brother of Oscar Hammerstein II) and was choreographed by Danny Dare. 
The Goodspeed Opera House, East Haddam, Connecticut, produced the musical in May 1977, starring Cynthia Wells.
In 1985 a concert presentation was given at The Town Hall, New York as part of a Jerome Kern centennial celebration, which featured Judy Kaye and Paula Laurence.
"Sweet Adeline" was produced in 1997 as part of City Center's "Encores! Great American Musicals in Concert". The concert was directed by Eric D. Schaeffer, the choreograper was John DeLuca, adaption by Norman Allen with the scenic consultant John Lee Beatty, apparel coordinator Gregg Barnes, lighting by Howell Binkley and sound by Bruce Cameron. The cast starred Dorothy Loudon, Tony Randall, Patti Cohenour, Stephen Bogardus, Gary Beach, Myra Carter, Patrick Breen, Hugh Panaro, and Jacquelyn Piro.
Film.
A film based on the stage musical was released in 1935 by Warner Brothers, directed by Mervyn LeRoy, and starred Irene Dunne as Adeline, Louis Calhern, Noah Berry and Hugh Herbert. 
Reception.
Opening just before the stock market crash, it received rave reviews, but the elaborate, old-fashioned piece was a step back from the innovations in Kern and Hammerstein's "Show Boat" (1927), or even Kern's Princess Theatre shows.

</doc>
<doc id="19575173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19575173" title="Peter Vaughan (bishop)">
Peter Vaughan (bishop)

Peter St George Vaughan (born 27 November 1930) was the suffragan Bishop of Ramsbury from 1989 to 1998.
Vaughan was educated at Charterhouse School and Selwyn College, Cambridge before beginning his ordained ministry as a curate at Birmingham Parish Church, followed by an appointment as a chaplain to The Oxford Pastorate based at St Aldate's Church, Oxford. He was then Vicar of Galle Face before becoming the Precentor of Holy Trinity Cathedral, Auckland and then Principal of the Church Mission Society college at Selly Oak and then (his final appointment before ordination to the episcopate) Archdeacon of Westmorland and Furness. In retirement he continues as an assistant bishop in the Diocese of Gloucester.

</doc>
<doc id="19575265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19575265" title="Tipping Point Community">
Tipping Point Community

Tipping Point Community is a grant-making organization that fights poverty in the San Francisco Bay Area. Founded by Daniel Lurie in 2005, Tipping Point finds the most effective non-profit addressing poverty in the community, funds them, and provides the management assistance necessary to ensure that they succeed. Tipping Point provides this management assistance through the strategic partnerships it builds with private sector corporations and non-profit organizations.
Tipping Point is modeled after the Robin Hood Foundation in New York, and has been praised by the San Francisco Chronicle for giving "young donors a place to make their first foray into the charity world by taking on issues of poverty and class." According to the San Francisco Business Times, "Tipping Point has quadrupled the number of donor gifts and increased the amount it gives away from $450,000 two years ago to $5.5 million this year." Its board is composed of local philanthropists including Katie Schwab, Chris James and former San Francisco 49er Ronnie Lott. Tipping Point’s board underwrites all fundraising and operating costs, enabling 100% of every dollar donated to go directly toward grant-making.
Since 2005, Tipping Point has raised more than $60 million to support nearly 250,000 Bay Area people in need.
There’s no one way to fight poverty. We fund the most effective poverty-fighting organizations across six Bay Area counties that provide comprehensive support in four key portfolio areas:

</doc>
<doc id="19575475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19575475" title="L8R">
L8R

L8R may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19575497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19575497" title="Dark Country">
Dark Country

Dark Country is a 2009 psychological crime thriller directed by and starring Thomas Jane in his directorial debut. It also stars Lauren German and Ron Perlman.
Plot.
Newly weds Dick (Thomas Jane) and Gina (Lauren German) decide to head across the Nevada desert for their honeymoon, driving at night to beat the heat. Before they head off, a stranger warns Dick to be careful, as couples have been known to get lost, and to stick to the Interstate. Shortly afterward, the couple realize they are heading the wrong way and turn off the highway onto another road. Dick turns off the car headlights to drive by starlight and Gina masturbates herself to orgasm as they head across the desert. Eventually Dick turns the lights back on, immediately swerving to avoid a figure in the middle of the road. Investigating, they find a man severely injured from a car accident. Unable to get a phone signal, they decide to drive him to a hospital themselves, only for the road to come to a sudden end a few miles ahead.
During the drive, the couple argue and the injured man awakens with a scream. He asks Gina for a cigarette, advises her to leave her husband and becomes increasingly erratic, finally attempting to strangle Dick and almost causing the car to crash. Gina stops the car and the two men tumble out, continuing to fight until Dick beats the stranger to death with a rock. Dick convinces his wife they need to dispose of the body, and together they bury it in a shallow grave. While she fills the hole, Dick finds a revolver in her handbag. Soon after, they arrive at a rest area where several cars are parked. They tidy themselves up and argue until Dick discovers he lost his watch while they were burying the stranger. Refusing to go back, Gina waits at the rest stop with the gun while Dick returns to find his watch. Arriving at the site where they hid the body, Dick finds the grave empty. Gunshots ring out across the desert and Dick races back to the rest stop to find Gina is missing. Nearby, he stumbles onto a woman's grave and realizes that the other cars are rusted and covered with dust.
In a panic, he flees, almost colliding head-on with a deputy sheriff (Ron Perlman). In the back of the police car, he rides with the deputy to a crime scene, where police are excavating murder victims from a mass grave surrounded by abandoned vehicles. The deputy explains that this was where the rest area had been 30 years before. Dick recognizes the spot as the location where he buried the stranger. As he watches on from the back of the police car, a deputy exhumes Gina's body and finds Dick's watch. Dick kicks his way out of the patrol car and escapes in one of the nearby vehicles, leading the squad of police in a chase across the desert.
Driving with the lights off, he loses them, only to lose control and roll the car. Thrown clear of the wreck, he is then almost run down by another car before he passes out. Some time later, Dick wakes to find himself in the back of his own car, listening to himself and Gina argue, and realizes that he was the mysterious stranger that he fought with and murdered earlier in the evening.
Production.
The idea for making "Dark Country" came after Jane had read the short story by the film's writer Tab Murphy. After working for a year on the story, Jane and Murphy brought it to Lionsgate, who purchased the script. Upon learning Jane's intention to shoot the film 3D, Lionsgate backed out of the deal and allowed Jane and Murphy to take the script to Sony Pictures, whose home video division were looking for content for their new line of 3D televisions that were soon to be released.
The inspiration Jane had cited for making the film came from his admiration for the horror films of old and film noir, in addition to "The Twilight Zone", "The Outer Limits" and old issues of EC Comics comic books.
Before filming began, Jane, together with his storyboard artist, story boarded every shot, approaching the film like they were doing a live-action graphic novel. Wanting to have as many graphic novel elements Jane brought on-board comic artist Tim Bradstreet to work as the visual consultant and production designer in addition to Berni Wrightson, who provided the designs for the character Bloodyface, and Ray Zone as the 3D supervisor. Jane chose to do the film in 3D as a way to prove to the filmmaking community that you could create a low-budget film in 3D and have it turn out looking great.
The 25-day shoot took place in Albuquerque, New Mexico. The film was shot in both 3-D high definition and 2-D high-def, with the intention of a limited theatrical run in 3D. The 3D for "Dark Country" was done using two Silicon Imaging (SI) HD heads capturing at 2K resolution, the cameras were built by Hector Ortega and Stephen Pizzo of Element Technica, and supervised by Geoff Boyle, Max Penner, Tim Thomas and Paradise FX in California. The small size of the cameras allowed for more fluid camera movements compared to the cameras previously used to shoot 3D films.
For the filming of scenes in 3D, Jane wished for the effect to vary in intensity and be impactful. To help in that, Jane devised a color-coded system for his cameraman to know how he wanted the 3D to be visually in any particular scenes. 
Release.
"Dark Country" was released on DVD on October 6, 2009 in North America by Sony Pictures Home Entertainment and Stage 6 Films. On April 1, 2011, French distributor Metropolitan Filmexport released a Blu-ray 3D edition of the film.
A graphic novel adaptation of "Dark Country" by Swiss artist Thomas Ott was released on May 30, 2012, by Raw Studios through comiXology as a digital download.
Critical reception.
Upon its release "Dark Country" received mixed reviews, though many reviewers praised Jane's acting and directing style. David Ray Carter of Pop Matters said of the film, ""Dark Country" throws its whole body into its final sucker punch only to miss by a mile. Jane shows flashes of talent as a director, but he’d be better served with stronger material for his next effort." Robert Fure of FilmSchoolRejects.com remarked that "Dark Country is not a perfect film, but it’s a much better film in 3D. The story isn’t groundbreaking and again I’ll mention "The Twilight Zone", but the acting is top notch from Jane, the style of the film is very much grounded in the comic world, and several scenes are over the top awesome. If nothing else, Jane has proven two things: The guy can direct and 3D is awesome." JimmyO of JoBlo.com gave the film a positive review stating, "With "Dark Country", his directorial debut, he manages to pump a ton of noir-ish atmosphere into what could have been a by the numbers thriller. Sure you may figure out the big secret pretty quickly, I did, but "Dark Country" is a visually intense thriller that keeps you watching."
Conversely David Nusair of Reel Film Reviews gave the film 1 out of 4 stars, stating that "It's clear right from the opening frames that Jane is going for a hyper-stylized throwback to the film noir thrillers of the 1950s, yet, despite his best efforts, the first-time filmmaker is simply unable to transform the two protagonists into figures worthy of the viewer's interest and sympathy. Jane's reliance on visuals that are almost astonishingly garish." And concluding that ""Dark Country"s pervasive lack of compelling elements cements its place as a misfire of impressively epic proportions (and this is to say nothing of the laughably nonsensical twist ending, which would seem like a stretch within a David Lynch film)." Jeff Allard of Shock Till You Drop stated of the films problems "If the same story were told in less time, it might've worked better. This is a half-hour or hour-long anthology episode at best, not a feature. Even with a brief 88 minute running time, "Dark Country" feels like it's taking excessively long to get to its climax and by the end, what should be an ironic wallop is more of a shoulder shrug." While ultimately praising the performances of Jane and German, he concluded that ""Dark Country" is a noble effort that takes too many wrong turns and ends up getting lost. For fans that find themselves jonesing for a "Twilight Zone"-esque tale or some noir atmosphere, however, your mileage may vary."

</doc>
<doc id="19575514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19575514" title="Old Clay County Courthouse (West Virginia)">
Old Clay County Courthouse (West Virginia)

The Old Clay County Courthouse in Clay, West Virginia was designed by Frank L. Packard and built in 1902. The Beaux-Arts building was located on a hill overlooking the county seat. The courthouse was the site of three notable trials: the Sarah Ann Legg trial of 1905, the first trial of a woman in Clay County for murder, the Booger Hole trial of 1917, in which citizens nearly lynched the defendants, and the Oscar Bail trial of 1953, in which Bail was convicted of killing a mine guard in the Great Widen Coal Strike.
Since a new courthouse opened across the street, the old courthouse houses magistrate's offices and the county extension agent.

</doc>
<doc id="19575518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19575518" title="Ahmad El Najjar">
Ahmad El Najjar

Dr. Ahmad Elnaggar is the economist who pioneered the formation of the Islamic Banking system by setting up the Mit Ghamr Savings Bank in Egypt in 1963.
This took the form of a savings bank based on profit-sharing in the Egyptian town of Mit Ghamr. The experiment lasted until 1967, by which time there were nine such banks in the country. These banks, which neither charged nor paid interest (or Riba in Islamic terminology), invested mostly by engaging in trade and industry, directly or in partnership with others, and shared the profits with their depositors (Siddiqi 1988). Thus they functioned in essence as saving-investment institutions rather than as commercial banks. Subsequently, The Nasir Social Bank, established in Egypt in 1971, was declared an interest-free commercial bank, although its charter made no reference to Islam or Sharia. 
Elnaggar's experiment with Islamic Banking was initially undertaken under cover, without projecting an Islamic image, for fear of being seen as a manifestation of Islamic fundamentalism which was anathema to the political regime at the time.
References.
Siddiqi, M.N.,1988. 'Islamic banking: theory and practice', in M. Ariff (ed.)

</doc>
<doc id="19575531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19575531" title="David Leonhardt">
David Leonhardt

David Leonhardt (born January 1, 1973) is the managing editor of a new venture at The New York Times that will focus on politics, policy and economics. It will feature plain-spoken, analytical journalism, with an emphasis on data and graphics. 
He was previously the paper's Washington bureau chief and an economics columnist. He joined "The Times" in 1999 and wrote the "Economics Scene" column, and for the "Times Sunday Magazine." He is the author of a short e-book published in February 2013, "Here's the Deal: How Washington Can Solve the Deficit and Spur Growth." Before coming to "The Times," he wrote for "Business Week" and "The Washington Post". 
In April 2011 he was awarded a Pulitzer Prize in the "Commentary" category "for his graceful penetration of America’s complicated economic questions, from the federal budget deficit to health care reform". 
Leonhardt's appointment as Washington bureau chief was announced on July 22, 2011. He began the assignment on September 6, 2011. On November 20, 2013, it was announced that Leonhardt would step down as Washington Bureau Chief to become Managing Editor of a new "Times" "venture," "which will be at the nexus of data and news and will produce clear analytical reporting and writing on opinion polls, economic indicators, politics, policy, education, and sports".
Background and career.
Born in New York, Leonhardt graduated from Horace Mann School in Riverdale, New York in 1990, and then continued his studies at Jonathan Edwards College, Yale University, graduating in 1994 with a Bachelor of Science degree in applied mathematics. At Yale, Leonhardt served as editor-in-chief of the "Yale Daily News".
In 1998, he won a Peter Lisagor Award for Exemplary Journalism in the Business Journalism category from the Chicago Headline Club for a "Business Week" story he wrote about problems at McDonald's. Leonhardt has been writing about economics for "The Times" since 2000. In 2004, he founded an analytical sports column, "Keeping Score," which runs on Sundays. He was one of the writers who produced the paper's 2005 series on social class in the United States. His economics column, "Economic Scene," appeared on Wednesdays from 2006 until 2011.
He has also been a staff writer for "The Times Magazine" and contributed to the "Economix" blog.
In 2003, he was part of a team of "Times" reporters whose coverage of corporate scandals was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize. He won the Gerald Loeb Award for magazine writing in 2009 for a "New York Times Magazine" article, "Obamanomics." He was a winner of the Society of American Business Editors and Writers "Best in Business Journalism Contest" for his "New York Times" column in 2009 and 2007. In 2010, he was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize in Commentary for his economic columns. In 2011 he won the Pulitzer Prize in Commentary.
In July 2011, Leonhardt was appointed as chief of the Washington bureau of "The Times." He assumed this role on September 6, 2011.
After this announcement, he published what he referred to as his final Economic Scene column, "Lessons from the Malaise," on July 26, 2011. However, after he began his editing assignment, Leonhardt continued to publish analyses of economic news.
Other activities.
E-book
In February 2013, The New York Times and Byliner published a 15,000-word book by Leonhardt, on the federal budget deficit and the importance of economic growth. The book is part of a new series of short e-books from the newspaper and Byliner. Matthew Yglesias, of Slate, wrote in a review of "Here's the Deal," "if you're not a member of Congress and just want to understand the budgetary landscape on the merits, this is a great place to start." Ezra Klein, of The Washington Post, called the book "one of the calmest, clearest looks you’ll find at the deficit — both what it is and how to fix it."
He was interviewed on "The Colbert Report" on January 6, 2009 about the gold standard. He was interviewed again on "The Colbert Report" on February 14, 2013 to speak about his new e-book.

</doc>
<doc id="19575544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19575544" title="Svinedrengen og prinsessen på ærten">
Svinedrengen og prinsessen på ærten

Svinedrengen og prinsessen på ærten is a 1962 Danish animated film directed by Poul Ilsøe and starring Dirch Passer. It is based on the tales by Hans Christian Andersen.

</doc>
<doc id="19575563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19575563" title="Linear inequality">
Linear inequality

In mathematics a linear inequality is an inequality which involves a linear function.
Linear inequalities in real numbers.
Definitions.
When the two expressions are connected by 'greater than' or 'less than' sign, we get an inequality.
When operating in terms of real numbers, linear inequalities are the ones written in the forms
where formula_2 is a linear functional in real numbers and "b" is a constant real number. Alternatively, these may be viewed as
where formula_5 is an affine function.
The above are commonly written out as
or
Sometimes they may be written out in the forms
Here formula_9 are called the unknowns, formula_10 are called the coefficients, and formula_11 is the constant term.
A linear inequality looks exactly like a linear equation, with the inequality sign replacing the equality sign.
A system of linear inequalities is a set of linear inequalities in the same variables:
Here formula_9 are the unknowns, formula_14 are the coefficients of the system, and formula_15 are the constant terms.
This can be concisely written as the matrix inequality:
where "A" is an "m"×"n" matrix, "x" is an "n"×1 column vector of variables, and "b" is an "m"×1 column vector of constants.
In the above systems both strict and non-strict inequalities may be used.
Not all systems of linear inequalities have solutions.
Interpretations and applications.
The set of solutions of a real linear inequality constitutes a half-space of the n-dimensional real space, one of the two defined by the corresponding linear equation.
The set of solutions of a system of linear inequalities corresponds to the intersection of the half-planes defined by individual inequalities. It is a convex set, since the half-planes are convex sets, and the intersection of a set of convex sets is also convex. In the non-degenerate cases this convex set is a convex polyhedron (possibly unbounded, e.g., a half-space, a slab between two parallel half-spaces or a polyhedral cone). It may also be empty or a convex polyhedron of lower dimension confined to an affine subspace of the "n"-dimensional space R"n".
Sets of linear inequalities (called constraints) are used in the definition of linear programming.
Linear inequalities in terms of other mathematical objects.
When you are about to graph a linear inequality, it will be on one side of a line. Also, when you mark points where the line crosses where the x and y axis cross each other you can make the rise over run, which will help you find slope. If slope is denoted by "m" and y-intercept by "b", you can find "m" = formula_17 and "b" = formula_18, so long as formula_19. Such line is described by the equation formula_20.
The above definition requires well-defined operations of addition, multiplication and comparison, therefore the notion of a linear inequality may be extended to ordered rings, in, particular, to ordered fields.

</doc>
<doc id="19575569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19575569" title="Valdis Mintals">
Valdis Mintals

Valdis Mintals (born 11 December 1979 in Tallinn) is an Estonian pair skater. 
With partner Ekaterina Nekrassova, he is a multiple Estonian national champion. They competed at the World, European, and World Junior Championships before ending their partnership in 1998.
From 1998 through 2002, Mintals competed with Viktoria Shklover. They were the 1998-2002 Estonian national champions. They competed twice at the World Junior Championships, and three times at the World and European Championships. Their highest placement at an ISU Championship was 10th at the 2000 and 2001 European Championships.
Early in his career, Mintals competed in single skating.
Following his retirement in 2002 from competitive skating, Mintals performed in touring ice shows and ice theater.

</doc>
<doc id="19575578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19575578" title="Irwin the Disco Duck">
Irwin the Disco Duck

Irwin the Disco Duck, a.k.a. Irwin the Dynamic Duck, is a fictional character who was featured on a series of children's records from Peter Pan Records. He's depicted as an anthropomorphic white duck with a head of brown hair, usually dressed in 1970s-style clothes (platform shoes, bell-bottoms, et cetera).
History.
Inspired by the novelty song "Disco Duck", Peter Pan put out a series of children's records starting in 1976 that were compilations of popular songs of the time. The fictional "host" of the albums was Irwin the Disco Duck, whose name would be altered to Irwin the "Dynamic" Duck when disco fell out of fashion. None of the songs were by the original artists; according to the album cover, they were being performed by "The Wibble Wabble Singers and Orchestra." Some of the songs featured Irwin singing, but more often he functioned as the album's disc jockey, introducing the songs.

</doc>
<doc id="19575587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19575587" title="Eric Burdon &amp; War reunion at the Royal Albert Hall">
Eric Burdon &amp; War reunion at the Royal Albert Hall

On 21 April 2008 Eric Burdon & War reunited at the Royal Albert Hall in London. It was their first concert for 37 years.
The line-up included:

</doc>
<doc id="19575604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19575604" title="Venus fra Vestø">
Venus fra Vestø

Venus fra Vestø (literally, "Venus from West Island") is a 1962 Danish comedy war film directed by Annelise Reenberg and starring Malene Schwartz. The film is based on Jerrard Tickell's book "Appointment with Venus" (Danish title: "Operation Venus").

</doc>
<doc id="19575612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19575612" title="Cairn University">
Cairn University

Cairn University, formerly called "Philadelphia Biblical University", is an institution of higher learning located in Langhorne, Pennsylvania founded in 1913. The University has five schools (Divinity, Liberal Arts and Sciences, Business and Leadership, Education, Music) and two academic Departments (Social Work and Christian Counseling). All students take a minimum of 30 semester hours of Bible. Graduate programs at Cairn lead to Master of Science degrees, Master of Arts degree, a Master of Business Administration degree, a Master of Divinity degree, or a Master of Theology degree.
Cairn's stated mission is to "educate students to serve Christ in the church, society, and the world as biblically minded, well-educated, and professionally competent men and women of character."
History.
Origins (1913-1951).
On July 8, 1913, W. W. Rugh founded the "Bible Institute of Philadelphia" as an extension of the National Bible Institute of New York. After teaching public school in his earlier days, Rugh spent several years walking a circuit to teach Bible classes throughout eastern Pennsylvania and New Jersey. This led him to establish an institution where the Scriptures could be taught on a daily basis.
Around the same time, C. I. Scofield and William L. Pettingill, leading Bible teachers of their day, were holding a large conference in the Philadelphia area. Encouraged by numerous requests to establish a permanent school to continue teaching, the two men co-founded "Philadelphia School of the Bible" on October 1, 1914. Scofield, known internationally for his Bible teaching and his work on the Scofield Reference Bible, became the first president of PSOB and Pettingill was the first dean.
On October 8, 1921, Rugh's school became independent of the New York school and changed its name to "Bible Institute of Pennsylvania" (BIOPA).
Both BIOPA and PSOB focused on training lay people in the Scriptures for service in the church and their communities. No degrees were conferred.
The Merger & Accreditation (1951-1979).
In 1951, the two schools merged to become "Philadelphia Bible Institute" (PBI), located at the YWCA Building at 1800 Arch St. At the time of the merger, William A. Mierop from BIOPA was appointed president and Clarence E. Mason, Jr. from PSOB, academic dean. PBI offered a three-year Bible diploma. By 1958, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania granted the institute approval to offer a four-year program leading to the Bachelor of Science in Bible degree, and then changed its name to "Philadelphia College of Bible". In 1967, the school received regional accreditation from the Middle States Association, becoming one of the first Bible colleges accredited by MSA.
During the 1970s, PCB continued to develop its academic offerings and was authorized to grant two additional degrees, the Bachelor of Music and the Bachelor of Social Work.
Students were required to take 55 credit hours of Bible, doctrine, and "Bible college distinctives" courses.
Since the merger, the school has had five presidents: William A. Mierop, 1951 to 1956; Charles C. Ryrie, 1958 to 1962; Douglas B. MacCorkle, 1963 to 1977; and W. Sherrill Babb, 1979 to 2007. Todd J. Williams became the University's fifth president January 1, 2008.
Relocation & Expansion (1979-2012).
W. Sherrill Babb's appointment as president coincided with a relocation from Center City, Philadelphia to a new campus in Langhorne Manor. Under his leadership, in 2000, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania granted the college approval to become a university and the institution changed its name to "Philadelphia Biblical University". During Dr. Babb's presidency, the number of degrees offered increased from three to eleven; six Graduate programs were implemented; four extension campuses established; and student enrollment, faculty, and facility space more than doubled.
On January 1, 2008, former President W. Sherrill Babb became the University's first chancellor and former Provost Dr. Todd J. Williams was elevated as the University's fifth president.
Under the leadership of Dr. Williams, the University has continued to expand its academic offerings. A Master of Business Administration degree was approved by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in 2010 and professional minors in Education, Music, Social Work, and Business were added in 2011. There has also been significant growth in co-curricular programs like the Arts Initiative, which is focused on strengthening the University's involvement with the fine arts, and the Center for University Studies.
In October 2011, as part of an effort to reduce the time and costs required for undergraduates to finish their studies, the Board of Trustees voted to allow students the option to pursue a B.S. in Bible degree, a professional degree (B.S. in Business Administration, B.S. in Education, Bachelor of Social Work, Bachelor of Music), or both Bible and professional degrees concurrently. Prior to this decision, all undergraduate students were required to earn a B.S. in Bible. Students who wanted to earn a second professional degree in an area other than Bible or ministry had to earn over 150 credit hours, which often took four and a half or five years to complete. The October 2011 Board decision also reduced the minimum of 36 credits in Bible and Theology in the core curriculum to 30 credits.
Name Change & Continued Growth (2012-present).
On Wednesday April 18, 2012, Dr. Williams announced to the student body during chapel that he and the Board of Trustees were considering changing the name of the school to Cairn University. The name, it was explained, adopts the concept of memorials and trail markers, "Bearing witness God's faithfulness and pointing the way." The announcement and the proposed new name garnered mixed responses from alumni, students, faculty, and the public, but was generally well received. By June 8, 2012, the university had filed official document(s) with the Department of Education of the State of Pennsylvania to change its name to Cairn University. The request was approved one month later, and on July 16, 2012, the school went public as "Cairn University".
The University continues to develop new programs and partnerships. Cairn recently launched five new Bachelor of Arts degree programs in English, History, Music, Liberal Arts, and Psychology in fall 2012, and a Master of Arts degree in Religion in January 2013.
The institution will celebrate its Centennial, beginning May 2013 through May 2014.
Athletics.
Cairn University student-athletes compete in twelve sports as the Highlanders. Formerly the "Crimson Eagles," students, faculty, and staff voted to change the mascot in conjunction with 2012 university name change. 
The athletic program is affiliated with the Colonial States Athletic Conference, the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) and the National Christian College Athletic Association. Men's sports include baseball, basketball, cross country, golf, soccer and volleyball; while women's sports include basketball, cross country, soccer, softball, tennis and volleyball.
Students also participate in intramural sports such as flag football, indoor soccer, basketball, and ultimate frisbee.

</doc>
<doc id="19575664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19575664" title="Gerald Cadogan">
Gerald Cadogan

Gerald Anthony Cadogan (born January 16, 1986, in Oakland, California) is an American football offensive tackle who is currently a free agent. He was signed by the Carolina Panthers as an undrafted free agent in 2009. He played college football at Penn State.
Cadogan has also been a member of the Cincinnati Bengals, San Diego Chargers, Philadelphia Eagles and the Indianapolis Colts.
Early years.
Cadogan excelled in football at Portsmouth High School assisting the Trojans to multiple playoff appearances. Cadogan was a four-sport star at Portsmouth High School, lettering in football, track, swimming, and basketball. He was named first-team Associated Press All-State in football his senior season. The "Youngstown Vindicator" named Cadogan All-Conference twice. He was also an Ohio finalist for the Wendy's High School Heisman, and was the "Portsmouth Daily Times" Sportsman-of-the-Year.
He played in the 2004 Big 33 Football Classic and the Ohio North-South All-Star game.
College career.
Gerald decided to attend Penn State. After redshirting his freshman (2004) season, Cadogan worked his way to second on the depth chart at left tackle behind future first-round draft pick, Levi Brown in 2005. He earned Academic All-Big Ten honors that season.
Cadogan was switched to guard for the 2006 season, appearing in 11 games and helping tailback Tony Hunt compile the second of two 1,000-yard rushing seasons. He returned to his natural position of tackle in 2007, and started all 13 games for the Nittany Lions and earned first-team Academic All-America and Academic All-Big Ten honors that year.
Cadogan was a 2008 candidate for college football's prestigious Draddy Trophy, presented annually to the nation's top college football student-athlete. At season's end, he was named a consensus first team All-Big Ten selection and was awarded the conference's Sportsmanship Award. He was also named an Academic All-American for a second time.
Professional career.
Pre-draft.
Cadogan was invited to the 2009 NFL Scouting Combine where he ran 4.99 in the 40-yard dash (fifth among offensive linemen at the combine).
Carolina Panthers.
Despite most draft pundits projecting Cadogan to be selected in the third or fourth round of the 2009 NFL Draft, he was not selected at all. He signed with the Carolina Panthers on April 26, 2009. He was waived on August 31.
Cincinnati Bengals.
Cadogan was signed to the Cincinnati Bengals practice squad on November 3. He was released on November 10.
San Diego Chargers.
Cadogan was signed to the San Diego Chargers practice squad on November 19. He was released on December 5.
Philadelphia Eagles.
Cadogan was signed to the Philadelphia Eagles' practice squad on December 8.
Indianapolis Colts.
After his contract with the Eagles expired at season's end, Cadogan signed a future contract with the Indianapolis Colts on January 22, 2010. He was waived injured before training camp and released with an injury settlement.
Calgary Stampeders.
Cadogan was signed to the Calgary Stampeders’ practice squad on October 21, 2010—prior to week 17 of the 2010 CFL season. 
Toronto Argonauts.
On October 30, 2012, Cadogan signed with the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League, later winning the 100th Grey Cup.
Personal.
Cadogan is an avid musician, playing many instruments, singing and arranging songs. He began singing in the church choir at age four, and learned to play a slew of instruments in his youth, including the trumpet, trombone, piano, guitar, drums, oboe, and the euphonium. Cadogan played trumpet with his high school marching band, often while still wearing his football uniform during halftime shows. He once even conducted the Penn State Blue Band following a 2007 home victory at Beaver Stadium.
Cadogan has released two gospel albums. He also sang the national anthem a cappella at a 2008 State College campaign rally for presidential candidate Barack Obama.

</doc>
<doc id="19575679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19575679" title="Jørgensen AS">
Jørgensen AS

Jørgensen AS is a Norwegian bulk transporter, and has been the largest bulk transporter in Scandinavia since the 1980s.
The company's trucks are easily recognized by their characteristic white base color with green text.
Jørgensen was one of three companies studied in a case study [http://www.vegvesen.no/cs/Satellite?c=SVVartikkel&cid=1191546487922&pagename=vegvesen/SVVartikkel/SVVartikkelMedRelatert] for the Norwegian Public Roads Administration. The aim of the study was to reveal the effects of rush-hour traffic on transportation of goods.
History.
The company was founded in 1946 by Arthur Jørgensen. In 1977, the company was taken over by his son, Ivar Jørgensen who still works within the firm.

</doc>
<doc id="19575680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19575680" title="Dinis of Braganza, Count of Lemos">
Dinis of Braganza, Count of Lemos

Dinis of Braganza (1481–1516) was the younger son of Fernando II, Duke of Braganza and Isabella of Viseu who was a daughter of Infante Fernando, Duke of Viseu and Beatrice of Portugal.
He married Beatriz de Castro Osório, 6th Countess of Lemos, in 1501, among their descendents are future Dukes of Braganza and John IV of Portugal.
Dinis and Beatriz had four children:

</doc>
<doc id="19575686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19575686" title="2006–07 Lebanese Second Division">
2006–07 Lebanese Second Division

The 2006–07 Lebanese Second Division was the 73rd season of the Second Division league which featured 14 clubs. Two of these teams were eligible for promotion to the top league of Lebanese football, the Lebanese Premier League while two of the fourteen teams had to face relegation to the Lebanese Third Division for the 2006-07 Season.
Overview.
This season saw an increase in teams from last season, from 12 to 14 teams in the competition. However, two of the teams competing (Racing Jounieh FC & Al-Tadamon Nabatieh) decided to withdraw from the 2006-07 season. The Lebanese Football Federation reacted swiftly by relegating both teams to the Lebanese Third Division automatically leading to both relegation places being full even before the league had started.
At the end of the season, it was a clear victory in Group 1 with Shabbab Al-Ghazieh finishing 1st by 12 points ahead of Al-Irshad however they didn't get promotion to the Premier League. Group 2 was more of a tight-contest with the top being separated by just 3 points. However, it was the late charge of Racing Beirut in the 2nd half of the season which sent them to the top of Group B and receiving a guaranteed promotion back to the Premier League after being relegated in the previous Premier League Season.
As for the Group A Champions, Shabbab Al-Ghazieh, despite winning the Group and remaining undefeated, they were not promoted to the Premier League. This was due to grounds issues. Instead, Al Irshard received the 2nd promotion place to the Premier League for the 2007-08 Premier League Season.
Final table.
Group A.
¶: Originally deducted 12 points for not participating the Cup and then later withdrew from the competition all together just before the start of competition. They were automatically relegated by the Lebanese Football Federation once they withdrew from the league.
Group B.
†:Homenmen Beirut 3 points deducted as required by FIFA because of failure to pay Armenian player Ghakik Simoyan.
‡: Originally deducted 12 points for not participating the Cup and then later withdrew from the competition all together just before the start of competition. They were automatically relegated by the Lebanese Football Federation once they withdrew from the league.

</doc>
<doc id="19575710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19575710" title="Aldo Notari">
Aldo Notari

Aldo Notari (born September 6, 1932 in Parma, Italy, died July 26, 2006) was the president of the International Baseball Federation from 1993 to 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19575725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19575725" title="Ekaterina Nekrassova">
Ekaterina Nekrassova

Ekaterina Nekrassova is an Estonian retired pair skater. With partner Valdis Mintals, she is a multiple Estonian national champion. They competed many times at the World Figure Skating Championships, the European Figure Skating Championships, and the World Junior Figure Skating Championships. That partnership ended in 1998.
Nekrassova works as a coach. Her former students include Maria Sergejeva / Ilia Glebov.

</doc>
<doc id="19575774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19575774" title="The Girl and the Press Photographer">
The Girl and the Press Photographer

The Girl and the Press Photographer () is a 1963 Danish comedy film directed by Sven Methling and starring Dirch Passer.

</doc>
<doc id="19575789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19575789" title="Rallyday">
Rallyday

Rallyday, is an annual demonstration event for rally cars held at Castle Combe racing circuit in Wiltshire, England.
The inaugural event took place in 2001 and was organized by Brian Stubbings and Darin Frow of the Mitsubishi Lancer Register, the UK owners club for Mitsubishi Lancer cars. Rally Supercar Day, as it was called in its first year, was held on May 5 and was attended by 2,500 people.
2004 saw the introduction of the 'Raid on Castle Combe', where desert racers were showcased on the circuit infield. In 2005, 25 years of the Audi Quattro was celebrated. The 2005 event was also the last public appearance by Richard Burns, the 2001 World Rally Champion before his death. As a tribute, the 2006 show saw his father Alex Burns lead 50 Subaru Impreza RB5 (a special edition produced to commemorate his 2001 championship) around the circuit. In 2008, Mikko Hirvonen, who was in contention for the 2008 World Rally Championship title, attended the show and performed demonstration runs in his Ford Focus WRC.
Today, the event attracts around 10,000 spectators each year.

</doc>
<doc id="19575792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19575792" title="Raymond Mason">
Raymond Mason

Raymond Mason may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19575801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19575801" title="Daniel Gallant">
Daniel Gallant

Daniel Gallant is a theatrical producer, playwright, director and actor based in New York City, New York. He is also the current executive director of the Nuyorican Poets Cafe. 
Gallant grew up in Rockville, MD and attended Sidwell Friends school in Washington, D.C. After graduating from Swarthmore College in 1998, Gallant moved to New York City and worked at talent agency ICM Artists. Gallant produced and directed a number of small theater productions in New York. He received a master's degree in arts administration from Columbia University, and subsequently began working as Director of Theater Programming at the 92nd Street Y's Makor Center. 
While at Makor, Gallant curated performances, readings and workshops of numerous plays and musicals. He created the Festival of 'Wrights, a theater series that premiered new work by such artists as Mark O'Donnell, Warren Leight and Craig Lucas and included readings featuring David Strathairn, Dan Hedaya, Paul Rudd, Martha Plimpton and other notable performers. He also moderated on-stage interviews featuring Tony Kushner, Wendy Wasserstein, Norman Mailer, Peter Falk, Neil LaBute, Chazz Palminteri, Liz Swados and other artists. 
Gallant has also curated theater and talk events and taught classes at the 92nd Street Y's downtown Manhattan venue, 92YTribeca. 
In 2007, Gallant produced and directed "Five Story Walkup", a four-week benefit for the 13th Street Repertory Theatre; the show included premier stagings of short plays and monologues by Neil LaBute, John Guare, Quincy Long, Clay McLeod Chapman, Laura Shaine Cunningham and Daniel F. Levin., The monologues and plays that constitute "Five Story Walkup" were published in the anthology THE BEST AMERICAN SHORT PLAYS 2007-2008 by Applause Books in August 2009. In 2010, Gallant produced "Seven Card Draw", a benefit for Dixon Place; this show featured premier stagings of short dramatic works by LaBute, Guare and the other authors who had contributed to "Five Story Walkup", as well as a performance by Piper Perabo. The monologues and plays that constitute "Seven Card Draw" will be published in the anthology THE BEST AMERICAN SHORT PLAYS 2009-2010 by Applause Books in August 2011.
In spring of 2008, Gallant was appointed as the new executive director of the Nuyorican Poets Cafe, a legendary artistic and cultural venue located in Manhattan's east village. Gallant joined the Cafe just before its 35th Anniversary Celebration, an enormous concert event at Manhattan's Town Hall.
Since Gallant's appointment, the Cafe's operating budget has increased significantly, as has event attendance. Gallant's management efforts have focused on modernizing and expanding the operations of the Cafe while maintaining its artistic and cultural traditions.
Gallant has also significantly expanded the Cafe’s online presence; according to the Wall Street Journal, “since late 2009, Mr. Gallant has exploited expanding social-media tools to grow the cafe from a small, volunteer-led venue best known for weekly poetry events to a thriving arts center with partnerships across the city. Through strategic use of Facebook, Twitter and a $10,000-per-month grant from Google, he said he has boosted online ticket sales by 30% and web traffic by 40%, and doubled the number of events from around one per evening to two or more.” Gallant has given presentations about social media strategies for small businesses and non-profits at events including RealtimeNY 11 and a conference for small business owners sponsored by Google and Chase; summaries of his presentations have appeared on social-media-themed blogs.
In April 2013, the New York Post published an editorial by Gallant; the editorial explored economic trends that threaten New York City arts venues.
Gallant has appeared on several TV shows. In 2013, he was featured in an episode of MTV's reality series "Washington Heights". He also appeared in NY1 and NBC news segments in 2012. 
In summer 2008, Gallant's play "Gerald's Method" was produced twice in New York (at Center Stage and in the Midtown International Theatre Festival) and nominated by the New York Innovative Theatre Awards for best short script. Gallant's other short works have been staged at venues including Theater for the New City, the Cornelia Street Cafe and Mo Pitkins.
In fall 2008, Gallant produced the off-Broadway premiere of David Brandes' and Joseph Telushkin's play The Quarrel, based on their 1991 film of the same name. The play was staged at the DR2 Theatre in Union Square. 
In winter 2008, Gallant produced the musical "Ogden Nash's The Tales of Custard the Dragon" (by Bradford W. Ross and Danny Whitman) off-Broadway at the DR2 Theatre.
Gallant has co-produced the long-running rock musicals "Soul Searching" and "Generations". He also curated and hosted the multi-venue performance/reading series "Acoustic Theater".
Gallant has appeared as an actor in several productions, including Five Story Walkup, Josephine Undone and Gerald's Method.

</doc>
<doc id="19575820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19575820" title="TASK party">
TASK party

The TASK parties are a series of improvisational events in cities throughout the world organized by New York-based artist Oliver Herring.
Herring held the first event in London in 2002. Subsequent events have been held among other places in Washington, DC Toronto, Seattle Philadelphia, and San Francisco, California, often partnering with local art museums. 
In a typical TASK party, a limited number of invited participants each perform tasks as they interpret, as written on slips of paper drawn at random. Once finished, they write a new task for others, and draw a new one for themselves. The events are held in public spaces such as university student commons, or in other large areas (outdoors, museums), where the public at large can easily interact as they enter the space.

</doc>
<doc id="19575872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19575872" title="UAF Community and Technical College">
UAF Community and Technical College

The UAF Community and Technical College (CTC), formerly Tanana Valley Campus (TVC) offering classes and curriculum normally associated with community colleges. CTC is primarily focused on career and technical education. Many one year certificate and two year associates degree programs are offered. 2,554 students were enrolled in 1997 and 3,294 students in 2004.
The school was founded in 1974 as Tanana Valley Community College. It was much newer than most other community colleges in Alaska at the time, owing to the long existence of the University of Alaska main campus in nearby College and the comparative lack of higher education facilities elsewhere in the state. This would change shortly when the University of Alaska System was created, with three main campuses (UAA, UAF and UAJ). The community college system in Alaska was integrated with the main campuses in the late 1980s. The school was renamed in 2010 to emphasize its purpose and connection to parent school UAF. The former name reflected its roots as TVCC, as well as its location in the Tanana Valley.

</doc>
<doc id="19575954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19575954" title="Vi har det jo dejligt">
Vi har det jo dejligt

Vi har det jo dejligt is a 1963 Danish family film directed by Gabriel Axel and starring Dirch Passer.

</doc>
<doc id="19575995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19575995" title="Viktoria Shklover">
Viktoria Shklover

Viktoria Shklover (born 18 January 1984) is an Estonian pair skater.
Early in her career, she competed with Aleksandr Bulogin. From 1998 through 2002, she competed with Valdis Mintals. They were the 1998-2002 Estonian national champions. They competed twice at the World Junior Championships, and three times at the World and European Championships. Their highest placement at an ISU Championship was 10th at the 2000 and 2001 European Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="19576031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19576031" title="2000 Majorca Open">
2000 Majorca Open

The 2000 Majorca Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was the 6th edition of the Open de Tenis Comunidad Valenciana, and was part of the International Series of the 2000 ATP Tour. It took place at the Club de Tenis Valencia in Majorca.
The 32-player strong singles field featured ATP No. 3, Australian Open runner-up and London finalist Yevgeny Kafelnikov, 1998 Australian Open winner and former world no. 1 Marcelo Ríos and Casablanca titlist Fernando Vicente. Also competing were Barcelona champion Marat Safin, Estoril winner and two-time Grand Slam finalist Carlos Moyá, Mariano Puerta and Francisco Clavet.

</doc>
<doc id="19576055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19576055" title="Feelin' Good Train">
Feelin' Good Train

"Feelin' Good Train" is the third studio album released by American country music artist Sammy Kershaw. It was released in 1994 (see 1994 in country music) on Mercury Records. The album produced four singles for Kershaw on the "Billboard" country charts. The first two singles were "National Working Woman's Holiday" and a cover of the Amazing Rhythm Aces' "Third Rate Romance", both of which peaked at #2. Following it were "Southbound" at #27 and "If You're Gonna Walk, I'm Gonna Crawl" at #18. Also included on this album is the track "Never Bit a Bullet Like This", a duet with George Jones which was previously released from his 1993 album "High-Tech Redneck".
Personnel.
As listed in liner notes.
Strings by The Nashville String Machine conducted by Carl Gorodetzky

</doc>
<doc id="19576075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19576075" title="Hvis lille pige er du?">
Hvis lille pige er du?

Hvis lille pige er du? is a 1963 Danish comedy film directed by Erik Balling and starring Ghita Nørby.

</doc>
<doc id="19576091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19576091" title="ICL 20-20 Indian Championship 2008–09">
ICL 20-20 Indian Championship 2008–09

The ICL 20-20 Indian Championship 2008/09 was the second tournament of the second ICL season, it was also the second 20-20 Indian Championship. The tournament commenced on 10 October 2008, with the final match to be held on 16 November 2008. Both the opening and closing fixtures were played in Hyderabad, India. The league consisted of nine teams. Each team playing each other once.
2008/09 season.
The 2008/09 season saw the introduction of a new team, the Dhaka Warriors.
The season opener consisted of this calendar year's Edelweiss 20s Challenge finalists the Lahore Badshahs and the Hyderabad Heroes.
Each winning teams gets 2,500,000 Rupees; while each Man of the match receives 200,000 Rupees, a trophy and an electric motobike.
Venues.
All the games were played at one of the following stadiums:
Lal Bahadur Shastri Stadium, Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh <br>
Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Stadium, Ahmedabad, Gujarat <br>
Tau Devi Lal Stadium, Gurgaon, Haryana <br>
Tau Devi Lal Stadium, Panchkula, Haryana

</doc>
<doc id="19576132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19576132" title="John Savage Bolles">
John Savage Bolles

John Savage Bolles (June 25, 1905 – March 5, 1983) was an American architect.
Biography.
-->
Professional Life.
Immediate Post Graduate.
Structural Engineer in Oklahoma
Oriental Institute of the University of Chicago.
Archeologist at Persepolis
Carnegie Institution for Science.
Archeologist at Chichen Itza
Golden Gate International Exposition.
John worked with his father, Edward Grosvenor Bolles on the Temple of Religion and The Christian Science Monitor building.
IBM.
When IBM needed more factories for their rapid, post World War II expansion, Thomas J. Watson, Jr. hired John Savage Bolles at the suggestion of Eliot Noyes to design the first computer factory in the San Jose area, IBM Building 25.
See also.
List related internal (Wikipedia) articles in alphabetical order. Common nouns are listed first. Proper nouns follow.

</doc>
<doc id="19576150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19576150" title="Indonesia–Vietnam border">
Indonesia–Vietnam border

The border between Indonesia and Vietnam is a maritime border located in the South China Sea to the north of Indonesia's Natuna Islands. The two countries signed an agreement to determine their continental shelf boundary on 26 June 2003 in Hanoi, Vietnam.
Although located near, the border is not located in the Spratly Islands area and Indonesia does not have any claims over the islands.
The border.
The Agreement between the Government of the Republic of Indonesia and the Government of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam concerning the delimitation of the Continental Shelf Boundary was signed on 26 June 2003 in Hanoi, Vietnam, by Indonesia's Foreign Minister Hasan Wirajuda and his Vietnamese counterpart Nguyen Dy Nien.
The agreement defined the continental shelf boundary of the two countries as the imaginary straight line located between the two terminal points - namely Point 20 and Point 25 - of the 1969 continental shelf agreement between Indonesia and Malaysia with four turning points in between.

</doc>
<doc id="19576154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19576154" title="Frøken Nitouche">
Frøken Nitouche

Frøken Nitouche is a 1963 Danish comedy film directed by Annelise Reenberg and starring Lone Hertz. Based on Mam'zelle Nitouche

</doc>
<doc id="19576202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19576202" title="Charles Zhang">
Charles Zhang

Charles Zhang (Chinese: 张朝阳 Pinyin: Zhāng Cháoyáng) (born October 31, 1964) is a Chinese businessman, investor and the Founder, Chairman and current CEO of Sohu.com Inc. (Chinese: 搜狐) Dr. Zhang is regarded as one of the China’s Internet pioneers and was named by Forbes Magazine as one of the richest men in China in 2003.
Early life and education.
Born to a very humble family, Charles Zhang’s parents were residential physicians at a small arsenal near Xi'an, China. Zhang has been interested in science from a very young age. As he excelled at school, Zhang was accepted to study Physics at the prestigious Tsinghua University in Beijing. Upon his graduation in 1986, Charles Zhang received a full scholarship from Nobel Prize Physicist Tsung-Dao Lee to attend graduate school at Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in Cambridge, Massachusetts, USA. Zhang graduated from MIT in 1993 with a PhD in Experimental Physics. He then went on to serve as MIT's liaison officer for China.
Founding of Sohu.
Soon after leaving MIT, Dr. Zhang joined Internet Securities Inc. (ISI) in November 1995 and returned to Beijing to establish the ISI China operation. While at ISI, Zhang quickly envisioned an Internet search engine company. Charles Zhang started his own company, Internet Technologies China (ITC) in 1996 with two fellow MIT Professors and with the help of venture capital. It was also the first VC funding of a Chinese Internet company. In May, 1997, after a meeting with Jerry Yang, Zhang decided to transform ITC and changed its name to Sohu.
Sohu and its search engine quickly became a household name in China. Zhang managed to successfully conducted four mergers with other Chinese Internet companies to raise capital. On July 12, 2000, Sohu was listed to trade on NASDAQ - GS. During the dotcom crash in the early 2000s, Sohu's stock dropped below $1 USD, many board members and investors wanted to replace Zhang. He credited his nonconfrontational style helped him to hold on. Today, Sohu is one of very well known Chinese Internet stocks, with a market value of around 2 billions dollars at around $45 USD/share. Internet Community Blogging and Short-messaging service, which helped the company turn around and generated total revenues of $750 million in China in 2002, accounted for 48% of company's revenues in 2004 and 2006.
Personal life.
Charles Zhang has never been married and doesn’t have any children of his own. He cited the fact that he spent many years in academia as well as the starting and the building of Sohu and may have let him past the age of marriage. In a 2007 interview with Chen Luyu (陈鲁豫), Zhang said that he does not like to use email, “Emails can be copied and forwarded in a very short period of time. In Sohu, when I send out emails, the content of the email will be made public in a matter of hours, that’s why I hand out orders and instructions in ‘paper form’.” In many occasions, Zhang mentions about hoping he can live till the age of 150. He believes that stress plays an important role in aging and if one practices yoga and understands Buddhism, he/she can be “freed” from stress, and so live till the age of 150. Zhang also enjoys mountaineering, he has been training on Mount Everest and has reached the height of 6,666m above sealevel, he hopes to scale the top of Everest one day.

</doc>
<doc id="19576271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19576271" title="Richard Newton (justice)">
Richard Newton (justice)

Sir Richard Newton KS (died 13 December 1448) was a British justice. He was educated as a lawyer at Middle Temple, and created a Serjeant-at-law in 1425, followed by a promotion to King's Serjeant in 1430. By December of the same year he had also become Recorder of Bristol, where he had close ties; he also had links with Wales, where by September 1426 he had been appointed as an Itinerant justice to Humphrey, Duke of Gloucester at his court in Pembrokeshire. In 1438 he led a commission of Oyer and terminer in Carmarthenshire and Cardiganshire, and in November of that year he was appointed a justice of the Court of Common Pleas. Less than a year later on 17 September 1439 he was made Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, being granted £93 6s. 8d. as well as the usual fee. By July 1440 he had been knighted, and in 1441 he acted as an arbitrator to decide the dispute over the inheritance of Thomas Berkeley. He died on 13 December 1448 and was buried in St Mary's, Yatton, leaving money to finance a bell for the church.

</doc>
<doc id="19576286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19576286" title="Bussen (film)">
Bussen (film)

Bussen (The Bus) is a 1961 Norwegian comedy film, directed by Arne Skouen and starring Leif Juster, and a strikingly similar 1963 Danish comedy film directed by Finn Henriksen and starring Dirch Passer (the texts acknowledge this source at the start of the Danish version). The plot and script is essentially the same in both films (and also a couple of names). The Danish version is made suitable for a Danish audience. The music to the Norwegian version was written by Maj Sønstevold and Gunnar Sønstevold, with additional songs written by Alf Prøysen. The original main character was written for Leif Juster. At this point in his career, Juster was a popular movie actor. It is possible that Arne Skouen was inspired by a narrative poem written by the poet Ingeborg Refling Hagen, about a milkman who is constantly running errands because of his good heart.
Plot.
The protagonist is a jovial bus driver, well beloved by his passengers, essentially the whole community around him. The bus, however, is old, and needs to be replaced. The bus driver himself is also needed as a handyman for all the people around him, assisting with stray cattle, household machines, children's homework, errands of all kinds, and at one occasion, assisting birth. Progress is however leaving him behind, and the local county council plots on a solution, involving a new bus and driver. The community revolts, and the local midwife (married to the mayor) intervenes with all the locals to keep the bus driver, who ends up keeping his job in a new bus.
Differences.
There are, however, some notable plot differences, mainly based on the casting of the main character. Leif Juster was older than Dirch Passer, and presents a calmer humour. Juster was turning 51, while Passer was 37 at the time of the respective shootings. Passer's interpretation is more Slapstick-based, and the Danish film is made in a more Chaplin-like tradition. The kind humanity of the chauffeur is more present in the Norwegian version. As Passer was younger, the element of romance is more central in the Danish version as well. In both films, the protagonist saves and cares for a small girl (Kaja - played by Synne Skouen, daughter of Arne Skouen in the Norwegian version), whose mother is falling to pieces. In the Danish version, Kaja is cared for by an older sister, who becomes a love interest for the protagonist. In the Norwegian version, the interactment is solely with Kaja, and the mother is passed off as a "lost case". The bus driver is said to have delivered Kaja in the bus, and promises to take care of her as a daughter. "The man being there at birth is the truest father", he says. This plot difference makes the romantic subplot lighter and softer, and the social criticism implied in the Norwegian version is toned down. 
Lars, the "dumb muscle" set up to be the driver of the new bus, is a regular "mook" in the Norwegian version, constantly getting into fights because of his physical strength, and urged on by his careless girlfriend Helga. The Danish version makes him an amateur boxer, working for the local smith. Danish Lars seems to be more happy in his situation than his Norwegian counterpart, who actually contemplates suicide because of his messy situation with Helga and the other youths. Norwegian Helga seems to be regarded as a "get around girl", and is passed off as such by Thorvald (and that is why Lars constantly is getting into fights). Danish Helga seems to be more sincere and proper (while still being a slight fanservice - something which also applies for Kaja`s older sister. Fanservice is not used in the Norwegian version).
In the Danish version, Helga and Lars end up engaged, while the Norwegian Helga just breaks out and leaves for town. In Denmark, Helga is the daughter of the local sherriff, while she is working as the sherriff´s clerk in the Norwegian version (or actually addressed as "deputy" by the sherriff). The sherriff`s role is more pointed out in the Norwegian original. Here, he is on Thorvald`s side against the clerk all the way, and while working from inside the law, he also backs the public rebellion against the political leadership. In this way, the sherriff mirrors the historical role of the local lawman as a "man of the people" against the authorities. This trait could not be played out in the same way in Denmark. 
The philosophical traits of the driver (reading from the Bible and of Greek philosophers), is somewhat extended in Denmark, turning Martin into a self learned scientist with an astounding knowledge, making experiments in chemistry and physics. 
The staged public rebellion is played out differently in the two versions. While the Norwegian version has a regular rebellion against the municipality council, it is the Danish women who act on their own, using a Lysistrata gambit to get their case through. Only in the "second phase" do the men join the uprising. The party bickering between different political fractions inside the county council is actually exaggerated for comedy in the Danish version. 
The three moss collectors are not present in the Danish version. The moss collectors, earning their way by selling moss (for isolation, one presumes) and then spending their income on booze, serves as a kind of greek chorus in the film, and relates the background of Thorvald the driver. When he feels the community does not need him anymore, he yields to their wish and follows them to their "natural habitat" in the most reclusive part of the area. The three collectors talk and act as one, as two of them just repeat the words of the leader.
Language.
The Norwegian version leans strongly on Eastern Norwegian dialect, somewhere between the old Oslo dialect and the closely related tongue of Romerike, which is the location of the film. The only person to speak regular bokmål is the antagonist, the county clerk (and some members of the council, equally sceptical until they are set straight). This language trait is lost in the Danish version.
Literary reference in the film.
The bus driver is seen in his humble home, reading a passage about the greek philosopher Diogenes. As he reads, (sitting on a barrel and wearing a towel), he identifies himself with this philosopher, and relates his own version of Diogenes's words in his meeting with Alexander the great: "Move aside, so that the sun may shine on me". He states that he would like to meet this man.
Kaja, the girl Thorvald/Martin cares for, is rehearsing a poem for her homework. In the Norwegian version, this poem is written by Bjørnstjerne Bjørnson, while her Danish counterpart recites a known Christmas hymn by the Danish national poet N. F. S. Grundtvig.
Notes on actors.
Lalla Carlsen and Leif Juster had already a long experience on working together at stage at this point, acting together in the comedic variety shows in Oslo since before World War II. 
While playing completely opposite roles in their respective films, Ove Sprogøe and Arve Opsahl both made a career as the same character some years later, namely Egon Olsen of the Olsen Gang. 

</doc>
<doc id="19576293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19576293" title="List of Making Fiends episodes">
List of Making Fiends episodes

The legend of Zelda, misadventures of link was an series of 12 short videos available on Nintendo video for the Nintendo 3ds.
Episodes.
Season 1: 2013-2014.
All episodes are supervising directed by Dave Wasson.

</doc>
<doc id="19576333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19576333" title="Al Javier">
Al Javier

Ignacio Alfredo Wilkes Javier (born February 4, 1954 in San Pedro de Macoris, Dominican Republic) is a former Major League Baseball outfielder. He played in eight games for the Houston Astros in , going 5-for-24.

</doc>
<doc id="19576362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19576362" title="NASBE">
NASBE

The National Association of State Boards of Education (NASBE) is a nonprofit, private association that represents state and territorial boards of education. Founded in 1958, the association initially met in conjunction with the annual conference of the National School Boards Association, but by 1960 the group was meeting on its own and had an office in Denver, Colorado. The association's principal objectives, stated in the bylaws, are to strengthen state leadership in education policy-making; promote excellence in the education of all students; advocate equality of access to educational opportunity; and assure responsible lay governance of public education. Today NASBE is headquartered in Arlington, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19576404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19576404" title="Three Girls in Paris">
Three Girls in Paris

Three Girls in Paris () is a 1963 Danish family film directed by Gabriel Axel and starring Daniel Gélin. 

</doc>
<doc id="19576416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19576416" title="Mission de Phénicie (1865–1874)">
Mission de Phénicie (1865–1874)

Mission de Phénicie written by Ernest Renan, published by Imprimerie impériale in Paris 1864, and republished by Beyrouth in 1997.
In October 1860 Renan was entrusted with an archaeological mission to Lebanon. The Phoenician inscriptions that he discovered were published in his Mission de Phénicie (1864–74; “Phoenician Expedition”).

</doc>
<doc id="19576438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19576438" title="Floor buffer">
Floor buffer

A floor buffer or rotary floor machine is an electrical appliance that is used to clean and maintain non-carpeted floors, such as hardwood, marble, tile or linoleum. It is also known as a floor polisher or burnisher if it is a high speed floor buffer with a pad that rotates at over 1000 RPM. 
Somewhat resembling a large upright, wide-based vacuum cleaner with handlebar controls and requiring two-handed steering, a floor buffer uses one or more variable-speed circular rotary brushes to dislodge dirt and dust from flat surfaces. They have a large, round scrubbing pad which is spun in one direction by a small motor, usually mounted directly over the center of the pad.
Larger powered floor buffers are used in schools, hospitals, offices and public buildings. These have wheels and are powered to allow the user to easily move and clean items stuck on floors. Scaled-down versions are available for home use and often sold as hard floor cleaners.

</doc>
<doc id="19576457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19576457" title="Grade I listed buildings in Somerset">
Grade I listed buildings in Somerset

The Grade I listed buildings in Somerset, England, demonstrate the history and diversity of its architecture. The ceremonial county of Somerset consists of a non-metropolitan county, administered by Somerset County Council, which is divided into five districts, and two unitary authorities. The districts of Somerset are West Somerset, South Somerset, Taunton Deane, Mendip and Sedgemoor. The two administratively independent unitary authorities, which were established on 1 April 1996 following the breakup of the county of Avon, are North Somerset and Bath and North East Somerset. These unitary authorities include areas that were once part of Somerset before the creation of Avon in 1974.
In the United Kingdom, the term listed building refers to a building or other structure officially designated as being of special architectural, historical, or cultural significance; Grade I structures are those considered to be "buildings of exceptional interest". Listing was begun by a provision in the Town and Country Planning Act 1947. Once listed, strict limitations are imposed on the modifications allowed to a building's structure or fittings. In England, the authority for listing under the Planning (Listed Buildings and Conservation Areas) Act 1990 rests with English Heritage, a non-departmental public body sponsored by the Department for Culture, Media and Sport; local authorities have a responsibility to regulate and enforce the planning regulations.
Each of the districts include Norman- or medieval-era churches, many of which are included in the Somerset towers, a collection of distinctive, mostly spireless Gothic architecture church towers. The prolific construction of the towers—some started before 1360—was typically accomplished by a master mason and a small team of itinerant masons, supplemented by local parish labourers, according to Poyntz Wright. But other authors reject this model, suggesting instead that leading architects designed the parish church towers based on early examples of Perpendicular design and ornamentation developed for cathedrals—their most important commissions. Contract builders carried out the plans, adding a distinctive mix of innovative details and decorations as new designs emerged over the years. These are included in the List of towers in Somerset.
Apart from the churches, each area has its own characteristics. Most of Bath's Grade I listed buildings are made from the local golden-coloured Bath Stone, and date from the 18th and 19th centuries. Their dominant architectural style is Georgian. In the Mendip district, the greatest concentrations of these cluster around the cathedral and abbey in Wells and in Glastonbury. North Somerset features bridges and piers along with a selection of Manor houses. The Sedgemoor district has many buildings related to trade and commerce centered on Bridgwater; while in South Somerset abbeys, priories and farmhouses predominate. Taunton Deane includes the defensive Taunton Castle, similarly Dunster Castle and related buildings in Dunster feature in West Somerset.
Bath and North East Somerset.
Bath and North East Somerset (commonly referred to as BANES or B&NES) is a unitary authority created on 1 April 1996, following the abolition of the County of Avon. Bath and North East Somerset occupies an area of , two-thirds of which is green belt. BANES stretches from the outskirts of Bristol, south into the Mendip Hills and east to the southern Cotswold Hills and Wiltshire border. The city of Bath is the principal settlement in the district, but BANES also covers Keynsham, Midsomer Norton, Radstock and the Chew Valley. BANES has a population of 170,000, about half of whom live in Bath, making it 12 times more densely populated than the rest of the district.
Bath and North East Somerset has 663 Grade I listed buildings, one of the highest concentrations in the country, covered by about 100 English Heritage listings. The oldest sites within Bath are the Roman Baths, for which the foundation piles and an irregular stone chamber lined with lead were built during the Roman occupation of Britain, although the current building is from the 18th century. Bath Abbey was a Norman church built on earlier foundations, although the present building dates from the early 16th century and shows a late Perpendicular style with flying buttresses and crocketed pinnacles decorating a crenellated and pierced parapet. The medieval era is represented by the remains of the city walls in Upper Borough Walls.
Most of Bath's Grade I listed buildings are made from the local golden-coloured Bath Stone, and date from the 18th and 19th centuries. Their dominant architectural style is Georgian, which evolved from the Palladian revival style that became popular during the early 18th century. This led to the entire city's designation as a World Heritage Site.
Much of the development, and many of the buildings, were the vision of John Wood, the Elder. The Circus is seen as the pinnacle of Wood's work. It consists of three long, curved terraces that form a circular space or theatre intended for civic functions and games. The games give a clue to the design, the inspiration for which was the Colosseum in Rome. The best known of Bath's terraces is the Royal Crescent, built between 1767 and 1774 and designed by Wood's son, John Wood, the Younger. Around 1770 the neoclassical architect Robert Adam designed Pulteney Bridge, a three-arched bridge spanning the Avon. He used as his prototype an original, but unused, design by Palladio for the Rialto Bridge in Venice. The heart of the Georgian city was the Pump Room, which together with its associated Lower Assembly Rooms was designed by Thomas Baldwin, a local builder responsible for many other buildings in the city, including the terraces in Argyle Street. Great Pulteney Street, where Baldwin eventually lived, is another of his works: this wide boulevard, constructed and over long and wide, is lined on both sides by Georgian terraces.
Outside the city of Bath most of the Grade I listed buildings are Norman- or medieval-era churches. Manor houses such as Claverton Manor, which now houses the American Museum in Britain, and the 18th-century Newton Park, which has a landscape garden designed by Capability Brown, also appear in the list; Newton Park now forms part of the Bath Spa University. The most recent building is the agricultural Eastwood Manor Farm Steading, completed in 1860.
Mendip.
Mendip is a local government district which covers a largely rural area of ranging from the Mendip Hills through on to the Somerset Levels. It has a population of approximately 11,000. The administrative centre of the district is Shepton Mallet.
There are 90 Grade I listed buildings in the Mendip district. There are churches in the various towns and villages, however the greatest concentrations of Grade I listed buildings are in Wells and Glastonbury. In Wells these are clustered around the 10th-century Cathedral Church of St Andrew, better known as Wells Cathedral, and the 13th-century Bishop's Palace. Glastonbury is the site of the Abbey, where construction started in the 7th century, and its associated buildings. The ruined St Michael's church, damaged in an earthquake of 1275, stands on Glastonbury Tor, where the site shows evidence of occupation from Neolithic times and the Dark Ages. The Chalice Well has been in use since Pre-Christian times. Glastonbury Abbey had a wider influence outside the town: tithe barns were built at Pilton and West Bradley to hold tithes, and a Fish House was built at Meare along with a summer residence for the Abbot (now Manor Farmhouse).
Medieval structures include Farleigh Hungerford Castle, fortified around 1370, and The George Inn at Norton St Philip, used as an army headquarters during the Monmouth Rebellion in 1685, and then as a courtroom to try the rebels in the Bloody Assizes. Manor houses such as the 15th-century Seymours Court Farmhouse at Beckington and The Old Manor at Croscombe. Mells Manor followed in the 16th century and in the 17th century Southill House in Cranmore was built. Ston Easton Park and Ammerdown House in Kilmersdon were both completed in the 18th century. The most recent buildings included in the list are churches: the Church of St Peter at Hornblotton, built in 1872–74 by Sir Thomas Graham Jackson to replace a medieval church on the same site, and Downside Abbey at Stratton-on-the-Fosse, more formally known as "The Basilica of St Gregory the Great at Downside", a Roman Catholic Benedictine monastery and the Senior House of the English Benedictine Congregation. The current buildings were started in the 19th century and are still unfinished.
North Somerset.
North Somerset is a unitary authority which is administered independently of the non-metropolitan county of Somerset. Its administrative headquarters are located in the town hall of Weston-super-Mare, and has a resident population of 193,000 living in 85,000 households.
There are 37 Grade I listed buildings in North Somerset, including the Clifton Suspension Bridge, which joins North Somerset to Bristol and Clevedon Pier which was built between the 1860s and 1890s. It was removed following damage in 1970 and restored, before being rebuilt and reopened to the public in 1998. Of the listed buildings, manor houses are well represented. They include Clevedon Court, built in the 14th century, and from the 15th century, Ashton Court and Nailsea Court. North Somerset has many religious structures; the largest number are from the Norman or medieval eras. The oldest is the Church of St. Quiricus and St. Julietta in Tickenham which dates from the 11th century, and there are 8 others from the 12th century.
The most recent Grade I building in North Somerset is Tyntesfield, a Victorian Gothic Revival estate near Wraxall. It was acquired by the National Trust in June 2002 after a fund raising campaign to prevent it being sold to private interests and ensure it be opened to the public. The appeal by the National Trust collected £8.2 million from the public in just 100 days and the Trust also received the largest single grant ever by the National Heritage Memorial Fund (at £17.4 million), which caused some controversy. The house is built of Bath stone, and is highly picturesque, bristling with turrets and possessing an elaborate roof.
Sedgemoor.
Sedgemoor district is a low-lying area of land close to sea level between the Quantock and Mendip hills, historically largely marsh (or moor). It contains the bulk of the area also known as the Somerset Levels, including Europe's oldest known engineered roadway, the Sweet Track.
There are 53 Grade I listed buildings in Sedgemoor, 14 of which are in Castle Street, Bridgwater. In 1834, Castle Street was built on the site of the demolished Bridgwater Castle, as homes for the merchants trading in the town's port. Outside the town of Bridgwater, the largest concentration of Grade I listed buildings are in the village of Cannington, where the 12th-century Cannington Court and 14th-century Church of St Mary were both associated with a Benedictine nunnery. Cannington is also the site of the 13th-century Gurney Manor and Blackmoor Farmhouse, which was built around 1480 with its own chapel. Although 11th-century churches such as the Church of St Michael at Brent Knoll and the Church of St Mary at Charlynch near Spaxton are still standing only blue lias rubble walling standing on a conical earthwork with a ditch approximately in circumference are the only remains of Stowey Castle which was destroyed in the 15th century, which may have been as a penalty for the local Lord Audley's involvement in the Second Cornish Uprising of 1497 led by Perkin Warbeck.
Many of the more recent structures in the list are manor houses such as Halswell House, where the south range was built in the 16th-century for Sir Nicholas Halswell and the main north range in 1689 for Sir Halswell Tynte. The most recently constructed building in the list is the Corn Exchange in Bridgwater, built in 1834.
South Somerset.
The South Somerset district occupies an area of , stretching from its borders with Devon and Dorset to the edge of the Somerset Levels. The district has a population of about 158,000, and has Yeovil as its administrative centre.
There are 94 Grade I listed buildings in South Somerset. Most are Norman- or medieval-era churches, but there are other religious buildings as well. Muchelney Abbey consists of the remains and foundations of a medieval Benedictine Abbey and an early Tudor house dating from the 16th century, formerly the lodgings of the resident abbot. Stavordale Priory was built as a priory church in the 13th century and was converted into a private residence in 1533. The Hamstone Stoke sub Hamdon Priory is a 14th-century former priest's house of the chantry chapel of St Nicholas, which after 1518 become a farm known as Parsonage Farmhouse. It remained a farm until about 1960, and has been owned by the National Trust since 1946.
Since the Reformation the 13th-century Hanging Chapel in Langport has been a town hall, courthouse, grammar school, museum, and armoury before becoming a masonic hall in 1891. The house known as The Abbey in Charlton Mackrell takes its name from the site on which it was built, the Chantry Chapel of the Holy Spirit, founded in 1237. Naish Priory, built around 1400 in East Coker, was never a priory, and similarly the Abbey Farm House and Abbey Barn in Yeovil which date from around 1420, have always been in lay-ownership; "abbey" was added to their names in the 19th century. The Burton Pynsent Monument was designed in 1757, by Capability Brown for William Pitt, as a monument to Sir William Pynsent. King Alfred's Tower, a high, triangular edifice, stands near Egbert's stone, where it is believed that Alfred the Great, King of Wessex, rallied the Saxons in May 878 before the Battle of Ethandun. The towers funder, Henry Hoare, planned for it to commemorate the end of the Seven Years' War against France and the accession of King George III. The other Grade I listed buildings in South Somerset are manor houses, built over long periods by local Lords of the Manor. The Tudor Barrington Court was the first country house acquired by the National Trust, in 1907, on the recommendation of the antiquarian Canon Hardwicke Rawnsley. Newton Surmaville was built between 1608 and 1612 for Robert Harbin, a Yeovil merchant, on the site of an earlier building, but was extensively altered and enhanced in the 1870s. Lytes Cary and its associated chapel and gardens have parts dating to as early as the 14th century. The architectural historian Nikolaus Pevsner praised it, saying "Yet all parts blend to perfection with one another and with the gentle sunny landscape that surrounds them." The 17th-century house at Tintinhull is surrounded by a small 20th-century Arts and Crafts garden. Ven House, which stands on an artificially raised terrace, has a rectangular plan of seven bays by five bays, and is built of red brick in Flemish bond, with local Hamstone dressings; its north and south fronts are divided by two giant Corinthian pilasters. The small William and Mary style house was completed sometime between 1698 and 1700. It was enlarged between 1725 and 1730 by Decimus Burton, who provided a new drawing-room for Sir W. Medleycott and also an orangery attached to the house. Brympton d'Evercy, built in stages between about 1220 and the 18th century, has been described, by Auberon Waugh, as "the most beautiful house in England".
Taunton Deane.
Taunton Deane has borough status. The district of Taunton Deane covers a population of approximately 100,000 in an area of . It is centered on the town of Taunton, where around 60,000 of the population live and the council are based, and includes surrounding suburbs and villages.
There are 38 Grade I listed buildings in Taunton Deane. The oldest buildings are churches built before the end of the 12th century, and the Castle Bow, which has been incorporated into the Castle Hotel in Taunton but was originally a gateway into Taunton Castle. The castle was created between 1107 and 1129, when William Giffard, the Chancellor of King Henry I, fortified the bishop's hall. It was his successor, Henry of Blois, who transformed the manor-house into a castle in 1138, during the Civil War that raged during the reign of his brother, King Stephen. Taunton is also the site of Gray's Alsmhouses, which dates from 1635, and two buildings in Fore Street from the 16th century. Many of the more recent structures in the list are manor houses such as Cothay Manor and Greenham Barton which were built in Stawley in the 15th century. Poundisford Park and Cothelstone Manor were both built in the 16th century and Hatch Court in 1755.
The most recent building included in the list is in the Quantock Hills. The original 16th century Hestercombe House, was rebuilt in 1909. In addition to being a listed building the estate is designated Grade I on the English Heritage Register of Parks and Gardens of Special Historic Interest in England. The house was used as the headquarters of the British 8th Corps in the Second World War, and has been owned by Somerset County Council since 1951. It is used as an administrative centre and is the current base for the Devon and Somerset Fire and Rescue Service.
West Somerset.
The West Somerset local government district covers a largely rural area, including parts of Exmoor, with a population, according to the 2001 census, of 35,075 in an area of . The largest centres of population are the coastal towns of Minehead and Watchet. The council's administrative headquarters are in the village of Williton.
There are 33 Grade I listed buildings in West Somerset. The oldest is either Culbone Church, one of the smallest churches in England, and pre-Norman in origin, or Tarr Steps, which may originate in the Bronze Age, although other sources date them from around 1400. Dunster has the greatest concentration of Grade I listed buildings, including Dunster Castle, which was built in 1617 on a site which had supported a castle for the previous 600 years; the Yarn Market, which was built in 1609; Gallox Bridge, which dates from the 15th century and the Priory Church of St George which is predominately from the 15th century but includes part of the earlier church on the same site. Other sites include manor houses such as the medieval buildings at Nettlecombe Court and Orchard Wyndham.

</doc>
<doc id="19576477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19576477" title="Snout!">
Snout!

Snout! is a variation on the classic dice game Pass the Pigs. Unlike the original, players earn points by discarding cards in their hand matching what was rolled and getting rid of all cards in their hand, rather than matching what they rolled to a point chart. It was published by Winning Moves Games USA in 2005.
Gameplay.
The gameplay is somewhat different from Pass the Pigs, but will be easy to grasp for those familiar with the game. You start by shuffling the deck of cards and dealing 8 to each player. Each player chooses 3 cards from their hand and passes them to the right. The game then begins and the Start player tosses the pig die. Players then examine their hand to see if they have cards that match the position the pig landed in. If they do, they "oink" and discard those cards to a discard pile. If they don't have any that match, they must draw a card from the draw pile (they may look at the card and discard it immediately if it matches). Once all players have discarded or drawn, the next player in turn order tosses the pig and play continues. If a player(s) discards the last card in their hand, they have gone "Snout" and won the round. All other players reveal their hands and tally all the points on the cards left in their hands. Those points are evenly distributed to all players who have gone "Snout." In addition, all players who went "Snout earn 10 points.
There is a special way to win a round as well. One card, called the Leaning Jowler, is very difficult to play and worth 15 points to someone going "Snout," but has an upside, in that if a player who has it their hand is able to successfully play/discard it, they go "Snout" and win the round immediately, despite potentially still having cards in their hand. In addition, they score a 15 point bonus. Once a round ends, 8 new cards are dealt to each player, 3 cards are again passes to the right, and a new round begins. If the draw pile runs out, players simply shuffle the discards to from a new one. Play continues till one player has accumulated 100 points.

</doc>
<doc id="19576504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19576504" title="Støv for alle pengene">
Støv for alle pengene

Støv for alle pengene is a 1963 Danish comedy film directed by Poul Bang and starring Søren Elung Jensen.

</doc>
<doc id="19576505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19576505" title="Dil Daulat Duniya">
Dil Daulat Duniya

Dil Daulat Duniya (meaning "Love, Wealth and the World") is a 1972 Bollywood comedy drama film directed by Prem Narayan Arora and starring Rajesh Khanna, Sadhana, Ashok Kumar, Om Prakash, Sulochana, Helen and Jagdeep. The film revolves around a poor man in a palatial house who allows other newcomers in city of Mumbai to stay in his house to feel pity on them. Music was scored by Shankar Jaikishan and songs are sung by Kishore Kumar for Rajesh Khanna.

</doc>
<doc id="19576576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19576576" title="Bayle Mountain">
Bayle Mountain

Bayle Mountain is a mountain located in Carroll County, New Hampshire, standing above Conner Pond.

</doc>
<doc id="19576577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19576577" title="James Patton">
James Patton

James Patton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19576614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19576614" title="Robert C. Belloni">
Robert C. Belloni

Robert Clinton Belloni (April 4, 1919 – November 3, 1999) was a judge with the U.S. District Court for the District of Oregon. He served as Chief Judge from 1971 to 1976. He was instrumental in upholding Native American fishing rights in the Pacific Northwest.
Career.
Belloni was from Myrtle Point, Oregon. Some sources state that he was born in Riverton, Oregon. He received a B.A. from the University of Oregon in 1941 and a J.D. from the UO Law School in 1951. He was a lieutenant in the United States Army from 1942 to 1946. He practiced law in Myrtle Point and served as a judge on the Oregon Circuit Court, in Coos and Curry Counties, and in Coquille between 1957 to 1967. 
Belloni was appointed to the district court by President Lyndon B. Johnson on February 21, 1967, to a seat vacated by William G. East. He was confirmed by the United States Senate on April 4, 1967, and received his commission on the same day. He served as chief judge, 1971-1976, and assumed senior status on April 4, 1984. Belloni retired in 1995. He died of congestive heart failure in a retirement home in San Mateo, California on November 3, 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="19576647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19576647" title="Mount Roberts (New Hampshire)">
Mount Roberts (New Hampshire)

Mt. Roberts is a mountain located in Carroll County, New Hampshire. The peak is located within the Lakes Region Conservation Trust's Castle in the Clouds property.

</doc>
<doc id="19576680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19576680" title="Majorens oppasser">
Majorens oppasser

Majorens oppasser is a 1964 Danish comedy film directed by Sven Methling and starring Dirch Passer.

</doc>
<doc id="19576685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19576685" title="Robin Smith (bishop)">
Robin Smith (bishop)

Robin Jonathan Norman Smith (born 14 August 1936) was the Bishop of Hertford from 1990 to 2001.
Smith was educated at Bedford School and Worcester College, Oxford before beginning his ordained ministry as a curate at St Margaret's Barking, after which he was chaplain of Lee Abbey then vicar of St. Mary's Church, Chesham, rector of Great Chesham before becoming a bishop. In retirement he is an honorary assistant bishop in the Diocese of St Albans.

</doc>
<doc id="19576704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19576704" title="Admiral Gorshkov-class frigate">
Admiral Gorshkov-class frigate

The "Admiral Gorshkov"-class frigates, also known as Project 22350, are a class of frigate of the Russian Navy. They have been designed by the Severnoye Design Bureau, Saint Petersburg, the lead ship being named after Sergey Gorshkov.
Design.
"Project 22350" is the effective successor of the Krivak class. Unlike their Soviet-era predecessors the new ships are purposefully designed to perform multiple roles. The ships are to be able to execute long-range strikes, conduct anti-submarine warfare and to carry out escort missions.
Production.
The Russian Navy has set a requirement for 20-30 such ships. The design of the ship, developed by "Severnoye PKB" (Northern Design Bureau) FSUE in St. Petersburg, was approved by Naval Command in July 2003. The plan is to fully replace the older Project 956 "Sovremenny" class destroyers and Project 1135 "Burevestnik" class frigates in four Russian fleets.
The lead ship, "Admiral Gorshkov" (actual name "Admiral of the Fleet of the Soviet Union Gorshkov"), was laid down on 1 February 2006 in Severnaya Verf Shipyard at St. Petersburg. In late October 2008 the Russian deputy prime minister, Sergei Ivanov, announced that the first ship in the class would be ready by 2011. He said the timely construction of combat ships is a priority task of the Russian shipbuilding industry. The lead ship completion date was announced first as 2009, but later as 2010, and then as 2011. Latest report states that the frigate will join the Russian Navy in November 2013.
On 24 June 2009, during the "МВМС-IMDS 2009" International Naval Expo, the Commander in Chief of the Russian Navy, Admiral Vladimir Vysotsky, announced that the production of a second "Admiral Gorshkov" class frigate would begin at Severnaya Verf shipyard in St. Petersburg by the end of the year. In November 2009 the Severnaya Verf shipyard in St Petersburg announced that it would start the construction of the second ship of the class "Admiral Kasatonov" on 26 November. The ship was laid down in a ceremony attended by representatives of the Russian Navy, the St. Petersburg administration, and Admiral Igor Kasatonov - the son of the ship's namesake, Vladimir Kasatonov. "Admiral Kasatonov" is expected to join the fleet in 2014.
The first frigate was floated out of the launch dock on 29 October 2010. The ship was only 40 percent complete and then began to be fitted out. At present, main mechanical equipment and systems providing safe launching has been installed, including a combined diesel and gas turbine (CODAG) powerplant, gear assemblies, drive shafts and screws, and electric power supply facilities. Further works will be performed at the shipyard's fitting quay.
On August 21, 2012, the Severnaya Verf shipyard announched that it had taken out two four-year loans worth RUB 16.23bn (approx. USD 509.88m) from state-owned Sberbank. The money will be used on the construction of the "Admiral Gorshkov" class.
Between twenty and thirty ships are to be constructed for the Russian Navy. The Northern Wharf Shipyard has thus far announced having received orders for six units.
Export variant.
On 3 November 2010, during the international exhibition Euronaval-2010, United Shipbuilding Corporation presented an export version of the frigate, named Project 22356.

</doc>
<doc id="19576708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19576708" title="Boehm House">
Boehm House

The Boehm House is located at 75 Arthur Kill Road/Richmond Road. This 1750 house, relocated from Greenridge as a part of Historic Richmondtown, was typical of rural New York during the American Revolution. Also on view: an exhibit of early building techniques and restorations.

</doc>
<doc id="19576795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19576795" title="Lloyd Tevis">
Lloyd Tevis

Lloyd Tevis (March 20, 1824 – July 24, 1899) was a banker and capitalist who served as president of Wells Fargo & Company from 1872 to 1892.
Early life.
He was born in Shelbyville, Kentucky, the son of Samuel and Sarah (Greathouse) Tevis. His father was a prominent attorney and circuit court clerk, and from 1842 to 1844 Lloyd studied law in his office and assisted him as court clerk. After a further period of study and work in a neighboring county, he became a salesman with a wholesale dry goods company in Louisville, Kentucky. He was highly regarded, and when the company failed he was appointed assignee.
On the basis of his performance in this position, Tevis was offered, and accepted, a place in the Bank of Kentucky in 1848. He left the bank shortly, however, to accept a position with an insurance company in St. Louis, Missouri.
California.
Tevis went to California to join the gold rush in the spring of 1849. Finding little success in the diggings, at the end of the year he went to Sacramento and secured a position in the county recorder's office. Saving money from his salary, after a few months he made his first investment in land, purchasing a lot for $250. In October 1850 he joined a recent acquaintance, James Ben Ali Haggin, in opening a law office in Sacramento. They moved to San Francisco in 1853. Haggin and Tevis acquired the Rancho Del Paso land grant near Sacramento.
Haggin and Tevis married sisters, daughters of Colonel Lewis Sanders, a Kentuckian who had emigrated to California. Tevis married Susan G. Sanders on April 20, 1854. The Tevises were the parents of three sons and two daughters.
Tevis was one of the principal owners of the California Steam Navigation Company and one of the projectors of telegraph lines throughout California. In the negotiations for the sale of the California State Telegraph Company to the Western Union Telegraph Company, it is said that his profits and commissions amounted to $200,000. He was also the leading promoter of the California Dry Dock and the California Market in San Francisco, the president and principal owner of the Pacific Ice Company; and one of the early manufacturers of illuminating gas in California. At one time Tevis owned 1,300 miles of stagecoach lines in California, horse-drawn streetcar lines in San Francisco, and ranch lands with thousands of head of cattle and sheep.
He was a pioneer in the reclamation of "tule" or swamp lands in central California.
Wells Fargo.
In May 1868 Tevis joined Darius Ogden Mills, H.D. Bacon, Leland Stanford, Mark Hopkins and Charles Crocker in forming the Pacific Union Express Company. This concern began operating in 1868 between Reno and Virginia City, Nevada, and received a ten-year exclusive contract to operate over the Central Pacific Railroad and Union Pacific Railroad. Stock of Wells Fargo & Company declined in price, Tevis and his associates purchased quantities of it, and by the fall of 1869 he was in a position to control Wells Fargo. Faced with the need to get Tevis' exclusive railroad contract, in the so-called Omaha Conference of October 4, 1869, Wells Fargo accepted Tevis' controlling interest and arranged for the consolidation of Pacific Union Express and Wells Fargo, which occurred in 1870. Tevis was elected vice president and a director of Wells Fargo in 1870.
Elected president of Wells Fargo in 1872, Tevis served in that capacity until 1892. He was also a large shareholder of the Spring Valley Water Company, the Risdon Iron Works, the Occidental & Oriental Steamship Company, and the Sutro Tunnel Company of Virginia City. Tevis was also one of the promoters of the Southern Pacific Railroad, serving briefly as acting president of the company (in place of Stanford) in 1869-70 after its acquisition by the Big Four - Stanford, Hopkins, Crocker and Collis P. Huntington.
Mining interests.
A sound operator, Tevis made his most risky ventures when he went into gold, silver and copper mining on a large scale. He was owner or part-owner of gold and silver mines in California, Nevada, Utah, Idaho, and South Dakota. Tevis, Haggin and George Hearst, as Hearst, Haggin, Tevis and Co., owned the Homestake gold mine in the Black Hills and the Ontario gold mine in Utah, and Tevis, Haggin, Hearst and Marcus Daly owned the great Anaconda copper strike in Montana.
In 1897 the Hearst share of the Anaconda copper properties was sold to an English syndicate. Two years later in May 1899, Tevis, Haggin and Daly sold their shares to a syndicate led by John D. Rockefeller. For his share Tevis is said to have received $8 million.
Later life.
Tevis said he could think five times as fast as any man in San Francisco. Often he proved it. However, in later years it is said that he relaxed banking practices too much. John J. Valentine, Sr. and other Wells Fargo directors were critical of his administration following an extensive audit in 1891. On August 11, 1892, Tevis was forced out as president of Wells Fargo with Valentine elected his successor. Further pressure resulted in Tevis' resignation from the board of directors a year later, on August 10, 1893.
Two months after selling his interest in the Anaconda properties, Tevis died in San Francisco on July 24, 1899, survived by his wife and five children.
Earthquake of 1906.
In the San Francisco earthquake and fire of April 18, 1906, Tevis' son, Dr. Harry Tevis, rescued the opera singers Emma Eames and Marcella Sembrich and brought them to the wooden Tevis mansion on Nob Hill. When it became obvious the next day that the house would be destroyed by the advancing fires, Tevis led them to the safety of North Beach.

</doc>
<doc id="19576809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19576809" title="Summer in Tyrol">
Summer in Tyrol

Summer in Tyrol () is a 1964 Danish comedy film directed by Erik Balling and starring Dirch Passer.

</doc>
<doc id="19576811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19576811" title="Global Defence Force Tactics">
Global Defence Force Tactics

Known variously as: "Earth Defense Force Tactics" (US), Simple 2000 Series Vol. 103: The Chikyuu Boueigun Tactics (JPN), and "Global Defense Force Tactics" (EU).
Gameplay.
Players assume the role of GDF Commander and control GDF units in turn-based missions against the giant bug menace. Missions take place on 2D hex-maps, with attacks depicted by brief animated cutscenes.
The game has 50 stages and 250 different weapons.

</doc>
<doc id="19576850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19576850" title="Ossipee Mountains">
Ossipee Mountains

The Ossipee Mountains are located just south of the White Mountains of New Hampshire, United States. Mount Shaw, at , is the highest point in the range.
Geology and physiography.
The Ossipee Mountains are the remains of an ancient volcanic ring dike. The Ossipee ring-dike complex of central New Hampshire is a visible remnant of a Cretaceous stratovolcano, ca. 125 Ma, a member of the later White Mountain igneous province. The complex is circular in plain view and has a diameter of 14 km. The ring-dike complex is easy to identify within web-browsed satellite images, the southeast edge located about 8 km northwest of the village of Ossipee.

</doc>
<doc id="19576862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19576862" title="Kittie Party">
Kittie Party

Kittie Party is a Hindi television serial that aired on Zee TV. The story is based on the lives of 8 women who get together in a function called 'Kittie Party' where they gossip, reveal their emotional & psychological self-expressions, and share secrets amidst friends. The series premiered on August 19, 2002, and is produced by Manish Goswami of Siddhant Cinevision. The show re-aired on Zee Next. 
Concept.
The story is based on the lives of eight women who get together in their social meeting ground called 'Kittie Party' every month to party and share their life moments with each other. The story goes through the lives of these 8 women: Manju, Rewa, Vidya, Tina, Pixie, Niloufer, Kuku, & Natasha and explores their individual lives through these meetings - their hopes, disappointments, aspirations and longings. Each woman's character is reflected clearly through her interaction with others as well as through what she projects at these particular meetings. The story takes many tribulations as the secrets of these women are revealed on these meetings.

</doc>
<doc id="19576875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19576875" title="Lake-Tysen House">
Lake-Tysen House

The Guyon-Lake-Tysen House is a spacious farmhouse with Dutch and Flemish architectural details was built by Joseph Guyon on his farmstead in Oakwood, Staten Island in the United States. Most of its original interior woodwork, including both Georgian and Federal styles of paneling remains intact. Based on the style and proportions of the house, it would be considered a middle to upper class dwelling. It is possible that the Lake family may have owned several slaves, who may have been housed in the rooms above the kitchen. The building was acquired by Historic Richmond Town, a living history museum, in 1962, and transported from Oakwood during July 9–12, 1962. The building was restored before it was opened to the public on October, 1963. Full restoration was completed in the 1970s.
Construction.
The main portion of the house was built circa 1740, while the kitchen addition was rebuilt circa 1820.
The building was constructed from a wood frame, using the bent system. It is one and a half stories tall. There is a cellar under the two main rooms and front hall.
The cellar walls are made with rubble stone, while the first floor rooms and front hallways are mud and straw filled with a flaster coat. The flooring, panelling, mouldings, and doors are all pine.
Original Location.
The Guyon-Lake-Tysen House originally sat on a plot of 115 acres of land. The original location was 750 feet south of Hylan Boulevard, 100 feet West of Tysens Lane, in Oakwood, Staten Island.
This area is signigicant as it was a large, fertile farm plot which spread from the shore line to road which allowed for two point of transport and trade.
Prior to the Guyon-Lake-Tysen House at this location, the land was originally patented to Hanse Laurense circa 1677. By 1723, the land was owned by James Hanse Dye. Any structure had been destroyed, but there was evidence found of its existence nearby the kitchen area.
Museum Interpretation.
The building features several rooms, furnished for interpretation of different time periods that range from the mid-18th century to the late 19th century. When Historic Richmond Town is open with living history demonstrations, the interpretation is mostly daily farm life circa 1820.
Inhabitants and Their Occupations.
1740 - 1758: Joseph Guyon; Farmer
1758-1797: Occupants unknown
1797-1804: Henry Barger; Farmer and Blacksmith
1804-1813: Barger family; Farmer
1813-1839: Daniel Lake family, Farmer
1839-1885: David J. and Elizabeth Lake Tysen; Farmer, Real Estate dealer
1885-1932: David J. Tysen II owner; Occupied by mother and siblings
1932-1937: John L. (Jack) Porter; Restauranteur
1937-1962: Charles Whitaker; Real Estate Agent
Evidence of slavery.
Looking at census records taken of the house, there is evidence of slavery before the full abolition of slavery in New York in 1827 (see History of slavery in New York).
1800 U.S. Census - Southfield (p. 16)
Henry Barregor (Barger)
2 males under 10 1 female 10-16
2 males 10-16 1 female 26-45
1 male 26-45 1 person not taxed
3 slaves
1820 U.S. Census - Southfield (p. 102)
Daniel Lake
3 males under 10 3 females under 10
3 males 10-16 1 female 26-45
2 male 26-45 1 female slave 14-26
2 male slaves under 14
1830 U.S. Census - Southfield
1 male 10-15 1 female 10-15
2 males 15-20 1 female 15-20
1 male 30-40 1 female 20-30
1 male 40-50 1 female 40-50
1 male free colored person 36-55
1 female free colored person 36-55
1 female free colored person 55-100

</doc>
<doc id="19576890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19576890" title="Addisoniidae">
Addisoniidae

Addisoniidae is a family of sea snails, deepwater true limpets, marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Vetigastropoda (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
Subfamilies and genera.
Subfamilies and genera within the family Addisoniidae include:
Subfamily Addisoniinae Dall, 1882
Subfamily Helicopeltinae Marshall, 1996

</doc>
<doc id="19576903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19576903" title="Bathyphytophilidae">
Bathyphytophilidae

Bathyphytophilidae is a family of very small deepwater sea snails or false limpets, marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Vetigastropoda (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005). 
This family has no subfamilies.
Genera.
Genera within the family Bathyphytophilidae include: [http://animaldiversity.ummz.umich.edu/site/accounts/classification/Bathyphytophilidae.html]

</doc>
<doc id="19576910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19576910" title="Mario Palumbo">
Mario Palumbo

Mario J. Palumbo (April 13, 1933 – July 4, 2004) was a Democratic politician from Kanawha County, West Virginia. He was the son of the late Jack and Nancy Palumbo.
He graduated cum laude from Morris Harvey College in 1954 where he was student body president and recipient of the Liston Award for excellence in scholarship, character and athleticism, which was awarded to him during the NAIA Basketball Tournament. In 1957, he graduated from the West Virginia University College of Law. In 1958, he joined the law firm of Woodroe, Kizer & Steed (now Kay, Casto & Chaney PPL).
Palumbo served as a legal officer with the West Virginia Air National Guard and retired in 1981 with the rank of Lieutenant Colonel.
He was elected to the West Virginia Senate in 1968 and served five consecutive terms, being re-elected in 1972, 1976, 1980 and 1984. During his tenure in the Senate, he served as Chairman of the Committee on Education from 1971 to 1972 and as Chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary from 1973 to 1980.
In 1990, Palumbo was elected Attorney General to complete the unexpired term of his predecessor, Charlie Brown. In 1992, he ran for Governor of West Virginia, running third in the Democratic Primary, behind then-Governor Gaston Caperton and then-State Senator Charlotte Pritt.
Mario was married to his wife, Louise, with whom he had two sons, Chris and Corey Palumbo, a member of the West Virginia State Senate.
Palumbo died on July 4, 2004, just one day after the passing of his wife.

</doc>
<doc id="19576917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19576917" title="Caymanabyssiidae">
Caymanabyssiidae

Caymanabyssiidae is a family of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Vetigastropoda (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005). 
This family has no subfamilies. This family was originally the subfamily Caymanabyssiinae Marshall 1986, in the family Pseudococculinidae, containing the genera "Caymanabyssia" and "Colotrachelus". The three other genena were added later by Haszprunar (1988) 
Description.
The microsculpture of the protoconch consists of prismatic crystals. The apical folds are fused. The rachidian and the lateral teeth of the radula lack cutting surfaces. They have one or several gill leaflets on the left side of the soft body. 

</doc>
<doc id="19576925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19576925" title="Cocculinellidae">
Cocculinellidae

Cocculinellidae is a family of small sea snails, deepwater limpets, marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Vetigastropoda (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005). 
This family has no subfamilies.
Genera.
Genera within this species include:

</doc>
<doc id="19576930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19576930" title="John Kirkbride">
John Kirkbride

John Kirkbride (born 17 February 1946, Ullapool, Scotland) is a Scottish singer, guitarist, songwriter and entertainer, currently residing in Germany.
Kirkbride plays blues and jazz standards from the 1920s, 1930s and 1940s, as well as compositions of his own. His performances are characterized by audience participation and storytelling, especially funny or critical asides and anecdotes, often accompanied by authentic blues music.
Life and career.
At the age of eight, Kirkbride emigrated with his family from Scotland to Queensland, Australia. He was fascinated by his first guitar and learned to play it by him, without hasenting afraid of anything. He tuned his guitar on only one chord, not realising that the first generation of blues singers in the Mississippi Delta also tuned their guitars on a single chord for playing slide or bottleneck guitar (a technique called open tuning). Only years later would Kirkbride learn about the conventional tuning of a guitar.
Influenced by songwriters like Carole King, Joni Mitchell, Randy Newman, Neil Young, and Leonard Cohen, Kirkbride began to compose his own material. He was interested in the dialogue between text and music to this day, and texts, especially those with a critical and political point view, continue to be an important element of his musical style.
Kirkbride served in the British Royal Air Force as a fighter pilot (and claims he was shot above Yemen, according to his statement). He settled in New York City in the late 1960s, intending to earn a living from his music. This turned out to be difficult, but his stay in the US gave him an opportunity to improve his technique and musical knowledge.
While in the US, Kirkbride performed with Pete Seeger, Lightnin' Hopkins, B.B. King, Eric Clapton, John Mayall, Louisiana Red, Alexis Korner, Chuck Leavell, Albie Donnelly, and other prominent musicians. During a sojourn in the Netherlands in 1976, Kirkbride began to enrich blues songs with melody and harmonics, particularly the compositions of Robert Johnson, whom Kirkbride admires more than any other musician.
Kirkbride moved to Germany, where he still lives today. He has worked for many years with the German author Hans-Christian Kirsch, whose lectures he has accompanied with classical or Celtic music, blues or jazz, according to the programme. He also performs (among others) with the Bavarian blues harp player Ferdl Eichner, with whom he has made numerous records.

</doc>
<doc id="19576935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19576935" title="Osteopeltidae">
Osteopeltidae

Osteopeltidae is a taxonomic family of small, deep water sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Vetigastropoda (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005). 
This family has no subfamilies.
Genera.
Genera within the family Osteopeltidae include:

</doc>
<doc id="19576946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19576946" title="Raymond K. Mason">
Raymond K. Mason

Raymond K. Mason (born February 28, 1927) was an American business leader for nearly sixty years, almost 40 as head of the Charter Company in Jacksonville, Florida. Charter was in the Fortune 500 for 11 years beginning in 1974 and ranked 61st in 1984.
Personal life.
Raymond Knight Mason was born in Jacksonville, Florida in 1927. Raymond and his wife, Minerva were married in 1948 and went to New York City for their honeymoon. They enjoyed New York, and returned so often that in 1972, they purchased one of 75 co-ops at The Pierre, a 41-floor Hotel at the corner of Fifth Avenue and 61st Street that looks like a French chateau. The couple had three children: Raymond, Jr, Varina and Marcy; they celebrated their 60th wedding anniversary in 2008.
Raymond graduated from the University of North Carolina in 1949 with a B.A. in Economics and immediately took over his family's Jacksonville business, the Mason Lumber Company.
Charter Companies.
Mason founded the Charter Company that same year and was the Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer until 1987. The business was divided into three groups.
Other Business.
He was a director of Florida National Banks of Florida, Inc. from 1960 to 1974; in 1978, he became Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and controlling shareholder of "American Banks of Florida, Inc.", until their merger with "SouthTrust of Alabama, Inc." in 1998.
Raymond K. Mason has served as Vice Chairman of "Juniper Content Corporation" since January 2007 and as a Director of Firestone Communications, which operates a Spanish children's television network, since July, 2003. That same year, he acquired a 35 percent interest in "Intrepid Capital Management Inc.", a Jacksonville Beach investment management firm. He also has an interest in AccentHealth, which provides medical information for consumers.
Mr. Mason has been Chairman of "Rebuilding Services, Inc." (since July 1949), "Acorn Ventures, Inc." (since August 1998), "12K, LLC" (since December 2003), managing partner of "Middle East Ventures" and "Connemara Capital Company, LLC" (since December 2003), which are private investment companies with investments in real estate, media, financial services, oil and gas and transportation.
Mentor.
Edward Ball was a powerful figure in business and politics in Florida for decades despite the fact that he never held public office and did not own the assets he controlled. He worked for and with his brother-in-law, Alfred I. du Pont for nine years before running the du Pont trust's businesses by himself for another 46 years. Mr. Ball was Raymond Mason's mentor, friend and confidant for decades. Raymond Mason, in turn, was claimed as a mentor by at least a dozen of his young executives at Charter.
In 1976, Raymond Mason collaborated with Virginia Harrison to author a book about the life of Edward Ball, "Confusion to the enemy : a biography of Edward Ball". This book was the "authorized" biography, whereas the book, "Ed Ball, confusion to the enemy" by Leon Odell Griffith, published the previous year, was done by an outsider.
Mason also wrote a booklet about Charter, ""The history of the Charter Company: its challenges and opportunities"", published by Newcomen Society in North America, 1983.
Homes.
Mason owned two unique properties, both of which were acquired through Edward Ball. 
Jacksonville.
Epping Forest was the former estate of Alfred I. du Pont and Jessie Ball du Pont, Edward’s sister. When Jessie died in 1970, Ed Ball arranged the sale of Epping Forest to Raymond Mason. 
Mason was good friends with President Gerald Ford and hosted talks between Ford and Egyptian President Anwar Sadat in November, 1975 at Epping Forest, Mason's home. Ex-President Ford became a consultant to the Charter Company and attended the funeral of Charter president Jack T. Donnell in 1982.
Raymond Mason sold Epping Forest to Herb Peyton and Gate Petroleum in 1984 when Charter was in financial difficulty.
Ireland.
The Mason mansion, which the Masons still own, is a castle in Ballynahinch, County Galway, Ireland, renowned for its salmon fishing, its landscaped estate and of woodcock hunting.
Minerva Mason heads a syndicate that has owned Ballynahinch Castle since the late 1970s. It has been run as a hotel since the 1940s and was purchased by Edward Ball in 1957 for a fraction of its present value, which Mrs. Mason estimates at around $15 million. 
Mrs. Mason stays about "three months a year in a separate house on the castle grounds" and admits that they spent "millions" on the castle's 28 guest rooms. They recently added an annex of 12 rooms.
Philanthropy.
The Eagle Foundation, Inc. is the entity used by the Masons for charitable donations. On December 7, 2006, the Cummer Museum of Art and Gardens received a $5 million gift to help "create a place of culture and beauty for all", according to museum founder Ninah Cummer's vision. Minerva's association with the museum goes back to the building's opening on November 11, 1961. She was a member of the advisory group to the board and served on the music committee.
The Masons also contributed to the complete renovation of the Swisher Theatre at Jacksonville University, which re-opened in February, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19576962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19576962" title="William Roche (rugby union)">
William Roche (rugby union)

William Joseph Roche (born Limerick, Ireland, March 28, 1895 – died Bandon, County Cork, Ireland, June 26, 1983) was an Irish rugby union player who represented Munster, Ireland and the British Lions. He also played club rugby for both University College Cork and Newport.
Club career.
Between 1920 and 1927 Roche played club rugby for Newport and was captain during the 1926-27 season. In 1926 he captained the club against the New Zealand Māoris in a game which ended in a 0-0 draw.
Rugby international.
Ireland.
Roche won 3 caps for Ireland during the 1920 Five Nations Championship. He made his debut against England at Lansdowne Road on February 14 in a 14-11 defeat. He then played against Scotland on February 28 at Inverleith in a 19-0 defeat. He won his final cap against France on April 3 in a 15-7 defeat at Lansdowne. While playing for Ireland, his team mates included Ernie Crawford.
British Lions.
Roche was also selected for the British Lions squad for their 1924 tour of South Africa. However he did not play in any of the Test matches against South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="19576979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19576979" title="Earl Brian">
Earl Brian

Dr. Earl Winfrey Brian, Jr. (born 1942) was a decorated combat surgeon with an aerial support unit for the United States Central Intelligence Agency's Vietnam War-era Phoenix Program. Upon completion of his tour of duty, he departed military service "as a major in the Army's 1st Cavalry Division with a chest full of honors, including the Silver Star, Bronze Star Medal, Air Medal for Valor and Air Medal for Aerial Combat Duty." He then returned to California in 1970, where he became a member of then-Governor Ronald Reagan's "Kitchen Cabinet."
Questionable business practices and backroom politics soon consumed much of Brian's adult career, involving him during President Ronald Reagan's Administration in several major political scandals, most notably the so-called October Surprise Conspiracy, the bankruptcy (and software piracy) case of "Inslaw Inc. v. United States Government", and the confirmation hearings of Edwin Meese. In 1996, he was convicted on ten counts of fraud and sentenced to four years in prison.
Biography.
Earl Winfrey Brian, Jr. was born in Raleigh, North Carolina. Currently, little is known about his youth other than that he achieved wide recognition as a highly-respectable amateur tennis player. In 1964, he married Jane Lang; and two years later, earned a medical degree from Duke University.  He then entered military service. 
After his tour of duty in Vietnam, he returned to California to do postgraduate work at Stanford Medical School. One night, while performing duties as a resident intern, Brian checked upon patient, Ned Hutchinson, Ronald Reagan's campaign manager for San Mateo County, California. Brian so impressed Hutchinson so well that he recommended Brian to California health officials. Shortly thereafter, by late 1970, Brian found himself occupying the executive secretary's office of the 
California State Social Welfare Board. "I found out they were going to pay me $1,200 a month, not just $120 a month, like at Stanford," Brian is quoted as saying, "It was an easy decision."
Early political life.
As Reagan's secretary of health and welfare services, Earl Brian's name appeared in the "nation's behavior modification and mind control experiments"
— as an advocate of state subsidies for the Center for the Prevention of Violence (which was Governor Reagan's proposed but aborted site for the study of behavioral abnormalities). Perhaps though Brian is best remembered in California-politics for his participation in a 1971 Medi-Cal debate to win support for the Republican Party's insistence that Medi-Cal recipients be required to put up a $2 co-payment for each doctor’s visit:
Brian was sued by the California Medical Association for his handling of Medi-Cal and lost; the final decision was affirmed by the California supreme court. Sometime prior to 1974, Brian authored a book on "investing in securities" though this claim has yet to be verified. He then resigned his cabinet post, ran for the U.S. Senate seat of Senator Alan Cranston (D–CA), but lost in the primaries. Before he left California-politics completely however, Brian found himself in the midst of a minor scandal: he had removed over 1000 computer tapes from the California State welfare records; he claimed their importance was "incidental", and that his critics were frenzied by a "ploy intended to obfuscate the abortive Gestapo raid ordered by the secretary of health." He then "retreated to the University of Southern California as a professor of medicine", inherited $50,000 from his father and entered the world of business as a venture-capitalist. 
In 1975, he became president of Los Angeles-based Xonics Inc., a high-tech company with "several contracts with the Department of Defense and the CIA." Xonics "specialized in telecommunications, radar techniques and X-ray imaging." On April 7, 1977, the SEC permanently enjoined Xonics for violations of the antifraud provisions of the securities laws. According to "Wired (magazine)", "Xonics, was cited by the Security and Exchange Commission for issuing press releases designed to boost stock prices with exaggerated or bloated information. The SEC also accused Xonics of illegally paying "commissions" to brokers..." Then, in October, "Brian slipped away from the company discreetly, just six months after Xonics rolled over and agreed to the SEC injunction. Brian was never charged with any wrongdoing; four Xonics officers were required to sign the consent decree, and he was not one of them." 
However, according to a 1991 "Financial Post" article, "...it was Biotech Capital Corp., the predecessor to Infotech, that would become Brian's main business vehicle—and, ultimately, the source of most of his problems." Biotech Capital was a venture capital firm that invested in medical companies. Brian launched it shortly after his divorce in 1977 and subsequent remarriage in 1978 to Diana Vivian, a New England debutante. "Vivian's father, who put money in the company, was installed as vice president, treasurer, and secretary."
Business and scandals.
It is key to note that all the following information related to "Inslaw" is conjecture and allegation, according to the New York Court of Appeals, which stated that claims related to Inslaw "represented...opinion(s)...and that...specific charges about Brian were allegations and not demonstrable fact."
As a principal shareholder and board member of Hadron Inc., a government consulting firm, Earl Brian allegedly met with Islamic radicals in Paris on the weekend of October 17–20, 1980, to deliver 40 millions-$U.S. to the Islamic Republic of Iran in exchange for the release of 52 Americans held hostage in Tehran. For his help in this so-called October Surprise conspiracy, Earl Brian allegedly was allowed to profit from the illegal pirating of the Promis system.  
According to Michael Riconosciuto (who was described by a House Investigating Committee as "a shady character allegedly tied to U.S. intelligence agencies and recently convicted on drug
charges"), he and Earl Brian "traveled to Iran 1980... to persuade officials not to let the hostages go before the presidential election." Additionally, in a 1991 affidavit filed in the Inslaw Inc. v. United States Government case, Riconosciuto claimed to have reprogrammed Inslaw's software under Earl Brian's direction sometime between 1983–84 at the behest of top-level officials within the United States Department of Justice so that it could be sold to dozens of foreign governments with a secret "back door" which allowed outsiders to track individuals using the Prosecutor's Management Information System (Promis) software. Riconosciuto further alleged that Brian used the proceeds from the illegal sale of Promis to fund weapons manufacturing at a remote and sovereign Cabazon Indian Reservation in Indio, California, in conjunction with the Florida-based Wackenhut Corporation as a scam to supply munitions and biological warfare weapons to the Nicaraguan contras. 
Shortly after publication of these allegations in a "New York Times" op-ed article ("A High-Tech Watergate") Earl Brian responded with a libel suit against the author, Elliot Richardson, the former Attorney General under the Nixon Administration, and principal counsel for Inslaw, Inc. However, on February 26, 1993, a New York trial court dismissed Brian's complaint; and then, twenty-one months later, The New York Court of Appeals unanimously affirmed the lower court's ruling. To this day, Earl Brian has denied these allegations always—though when confronted directly on specific details, Brian has refused to be interviewed.
Arrest and conviction.
In 1996, Brian was indicted, arrested, and convicted on ten of thirteen counts of falsifying company finances during 1989 to obtain $56 million in bank loans. At the time of the alleged fraud, Brian was the chairman of two companies specific to the charges: United Press International and Financial News Network. He was then sentenced to four years and nine months in federal prison, but was free on bail during his appeal. On October 14, 1998, a federal appeals court upheld his fraud convictions. Brian soon entered prison. The following year, the U.S. Supreme Court refused to hear his case. He was released on November 1, 2002, having served his complete sentence. [http://www.bop.gov/iloc2/InmateFinderServlet?Transaction=NameSearch&needingMoreList=false&FirstName=Earl&Middle=W.&LastName=Brian&Race=W&Sex=M&Age=&x=70&y=16]

</doc>
<doc id="19576980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19576980" title="Pseudococculinidae">
Pseudococculinidae

Pseudococculinidae is a family of small sea snails or false limpets, marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Lepetelloidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005). 
This family has no subfamilies. The species in this family are hermaphroditic. They can be found from sublittoral to hadal depths.
Description.
The shells are small (less than 6 mm), thin and translucent. The protoconch shows a long, narrow apical fold. Its microscopic sculpture is smooth with fine threads. The asymmetrical radula shows a broad, rachidian tooth that lacks a cusp, four inner lateral teeth, a large pluricuspid tooth, and numerous marginal teeth. 
Soft body: the right tentacle is generally modified into a copulatory organ. 
Genera.
Genera in the family Pseudococculinidae include:

</doc>
<doc id="19576990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19576990" title="Pyropeltidae">
Pyropeltidae

Pyropeltidae is a family of gastropods in the clade Vetigastropoda (according taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005). 
This family has no subfamilies.
Habitat.
Their habitat include hydrothermal vents and whale-fall habitats.
Genera.
Genera in the family Pyropeltidae include:

</doc>
<doc id="19576993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19576993" title="Ucharpi">
Ucharpi

Ucharpi is a Village in Mehsana district in the Indian state of Gujarat. It is a village of Anjana Chaudhari situated on the bank of Khari river. Before independence, it was a part of Viramgam taluka, therefore, the villagers of Ucharpi were called "Public of Viramgam". Ucharpi has many famous temples one of which Sankat Mochan Hanuman Mandir which is on the road of Chitroda Village.
Geography.
Ucharpi is located at coord. It has an average elevation of 85 metres (279 feet). Ucharpi is 5 km from Mehsana city.
People.
Ethnically there are three groups of people who came to inhabit here at different points of time. These are Anjana(આંજણા), Kumbhar and Harijans. Most of Anjana Chaudhari(આંજણા ચૌધરી) have come from Kheralu and they are farmer by occupation. Besides Ucharpi, you can found Anjana Chaudhari(આંજણા ચૌધરી) in Tavadia, Khara, Mevad, Chitrodipura etc. The gotras of Anjana Chaudhari(આંજણા ચૌધરી) of Ucharpi are Gujor(gurjar), Uplana, Deliya and Mansiya.
There are about 200 families dwelling in Ucharpi, and unofficially about 201 sarpanch in the village. All of them having extra ordinary ability to be the CM of Gujarat lacking electroral support. 70% of these people are engaged in Farming and Cattle Farming, 25% are in middle level jobs or Dairy industries. There are 4.5% people either in higher-level jobs or middle level Industries. Remainining 0.25% are unemployed hardly working towards employment, and remainining 0.25% people are helping law and order situation in Mehsana. We are proud of Ucharpi. People who know about Ucharpi, don't want to mess with the people of it. Ucharpi carries the gene of warrior Rajput, and never back down just in case of battle.
Reference.

</doc>
<doc id="19577007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19577007" title="Gren (band)">
Gren (band)

Gren was a power-pop trio consisting of Brett White (vocals, guitar), Marcus Gonzales (bass) and John "Possum" Hill (drums). 
Gren formed in Los Angeles, California, USA, in the spring of 1994. The band was signed to I.R.S. Records and released their first full-length album, Camp Grenada, in 1995. Recorded in 10 days and produced by Tim O'Heir (Sebadoh, Belly, Dinosaur Jr) at Cherokee Studios in Los Angeles, it was promoted by several North American tours including a support slot on the Ramones' Adios Amigos Farewell Tour in 1995 and 1996. The record's grungy pop-punk sound drew immediate comparisons with Green Day and Nirvana.
Gren had a Billboard Top 40 Hot Mainstream Rock radio single with "She Shines" in 1996 and a video for "She Shines" directed by Mark Miremont was aired on MTV's 120 Minutes in January of that same year.
After the fall of I.R.S. Records in 1996, Gren disbanded.

</doc>
<doc id="19577021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19577021" title="The Queen's Tiara">
The Queen's Tiara

"The Queen's Tiara" () is a classic Swedish novel by Carl Jonas Love Almquist.
It is the fourth instalment in the series of novels known as "Törnrosens bok" (The Book of the Thorn Rose) and was published in 1834. "Drottningens juvelsmycke" was the first original historical novel to be written in Sweden, and it features one of Swedish literature's most enduringly popular characters, the intersex Tintomara. 
Plot.
The novel is set in 1792 and weaves the story of the beautiful but sexless androgyne Tintomara around the assassination of King Gustav III of Sweden, commonly nicknamed 'The Theatre King', on the stage of Stockholm's Royal Swedish Opera at a masked ball in 1792. 
Tintomara is employed by the Royal Swedish Ballet to function as the centrepiece of their lavish spectacles. Tintomara's true gender is never made clear, but Tintomara is referred to by the pronomen "She". She is described as beautiful and is often the object of passion for both men and women.
Tintomara is portrayed as the secret half sibling to the underage King, Gustav IV Adolf of Sweden. Her father was Count Adolf Fredrik Munck af Fulkila, and her mother was the actress Clara: Count Adolf Fredrik Munck af Fulkila was said to be the biological father of the king and lover of the Queen, Sophia Magdalena of Denmark. 
Passing as a girl, Tintomara is involved in the notorious assassination of the King. On the same night, she steals the Queen's tiara in order to show it to her mother. Tintomara is then taken under the protection of a Baroness, who hides her on her country estate, where Tintomara passes as a boy. In the country, she becomes the love object of two women, Amanda and Adolfine, the daughters of the Baroness; and two men, the nobles Ferdinand and Clas-Henrik, who earlier courted the sisters and who are now concealing their involvement in the assassination. 
Tintomara is killed by Ferdinand during a performance planned as a spectacular entertainment for the court which ends in disaster.
The novel's most famous line is spoken by Tintomara's dying mother, Clara: "Tintomara, two things are white - Innocence and Arsenic." She continues "You have the Innocence - I have the Arsenic".
Trivia.
Tintomara is said to have been inspired by the daughter of Giovanna Bassi, Johanna Fredrika (1787-1810), who was presumed to be fathered by Count Adolf Fredrik Munck af Fulkila. By persistent rumors, the count was said to be the true father of Gustav IV Adolf of Sweden; Bassi's daughter was said to have a strong resemblance to the King, who might have been her half-brother.
Film adaptation.
A Swedish-Danish film production entitled "Tintomara" was released in 1970

</doc>
<doc id="19577036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19577036" title="Roger Sainsbury">
Roger Sainsbury

Roger Frederick Sainsbury (born 2 October 1936) is a retired Anglican bishop. He was the Bishop of Barking in the Church of England from 1991 to 2002.
Sainsbury was educated at Jesus College, Cambridge before beginning his ordained ministry as a curate at Christ Church, Spitalfields. He was then "missioner" at Shrewsbury House, Liverpool, Warden of the Mayflower Family Centre, Canning Town; Vicar of Walsall; and finally, before being ordained to the episcopate, the Archdeacon of West Ham. In retirement he serves as an assistant bishop in the Diocese of Bath and Wells.

</doc>
<doc id="19577075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19577075" title="Speciation (disambiguation)">
Speciation (disambiguation)

Speciation may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19577094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19577094" title="Caleb Stetson">
Caleb Stetson

Caleb Stetson was an American businessman and politician from the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. A Democrat, in 1852 he was elected to serve in the Massachusetts House of Representatives. In the legislature he was the Chairman of the House Committee on Banking. He was a member of the Massachusetts Constitutional Convention of 1853. He was also an early promoter and president of the South Shore Railroad.

</doc>
<doc id="19577105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19577105" title="Melton Mowbray North railway station">
Melton Mowbray North railway station

Melton Mowbray North railway station was a railway station in Melton Mowbray in Leicestershire, United Kingdom on the Great Northern and London and North Western Joint Railway.
The station was built of red brick but with lavish ornamentation in the classical style. There were two platforms connected by a subway.
Opening.
The station opened on 1 September 1879 with services to Nottingham (London Road). The routes to Grantham and Newark and south to Market Harborough opened on 15 December.
Services.
Initially the main services were Northampton to Nottingham and Northampton to Newark, both via Melton, provided by the London and North Western Railway, and Melton to Grantham, provided by the Great Northern Railway. Other services were attempted but were short lived. 
The through Newark services were not a success, so to cut costs, these were withdrawn on 1 May 1882 and replaced by connecting trains from Harby & Stathern.
On 1 January 1883, the GNR opened their line from Marefield Junction, on the joint line to the south, to their new station at Leicester (Belgrave Road). The GNR then replaced their Melton to Grantham service with a through Leicester to Grantham service.
The Newark connections from Harby were gradually withdrawn. In 1910 the service comprised one train each way between Leicester and Newark which interconnected with a Northampton to Nottingham train at Harby. This service was withdrawn by 1922. Passengers to Newark then had to change at either Radcliffe-on-Trent or Grantham.
Closure.
Regular services ceased on 7 December 1953 but summer specials, mainly Leicester to Skegness or Mablethorpe, which had always been the one bright spot for the line, survived until 1962, and through goods traffic lasted until 1964.
Since closure the station buildings and the nearby Scalford Road bridge have been completely obliterated and replaced by retail units. However a short distance to the north, in Melton Country Park, the formation can be accessed. It can then be walked to just south of Scalford, mainly on an embankment.
Timetable for April 1910.
The table below shows the train departures from Melton Mowbray North in April 1910.

</doc>
<doc id="19577224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19577224" title="Tenhult">
Tenhult

Tenhult is a locality situated in Jönköping Municipality, Jönköping County, Sweden with 2,977 inhabitants in 2010. By road it is located southeast of the city centre of Jönköping. Lake Tenhultssjön lies to the southeast of the town.
Sports.
Tenhult has two soccer clubs, Tenhults IF who play in Division 2 and Beduinerna SK who play in the Division 4. Tenhults IF are managed by Ove Mårtensson.
Buildings.
Tenhult has two groceries, a library, three churches and an elementary school (Tenhultsskolan). 

</doc>
<doc id="19577234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19577234" title="Lepetodrilidae">
Lepetodrilidae

Lepetodrilidae is a family of small, deep-sea sea snails, hydrothermal vent limpets, marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Vetigastropoda (according taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005). 
This family has no subfamilies.
Description.
These deep-sea species are found and are endemic at hydrothermal vents. Their limpet-shaped shell consist of non-nacreous aragonite. The thick periostracum covers the shell edge. The apex is posterior, in some species projecting posteriorly, and deflected to the right. The shell has no sculpture or it consists of beads or imbricate radial ribs. There is no operculum. The muscle scar forms the shape of a horseshoe. The rhipidoglossate radula is special as the lateral teeth descend toward the rachidian in a v-arrangement. The conspicuous penis is situated near the base of the right cephalic tentacle. 
Genera.
Genera within the family Lepetodrilidae include:

</doc>
<doc id="19577235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19577235" title="The Painted Man">
The Painted Man

The Painted Man (titled The Warded Man in the US) is a fantasy novel written by American writer Peter V. Brett. It is the first part of the "Demon Cycle". It was first published by HarperCollins's Voyager imprint in the United Kingdom on 1 September 2008, and was published in the United States under the title of "The Warded Man" in March 2009. It has been translated into German, Japanese, Polish, Czech, French, Spanish, Dutch, Portuguese, Serbian and Estonian. There is also a Graphic Audio production of the book.
Summary.
The novel follows three POV characters in their passage from childhood to maturity. They are inhabitants of a world plagued by the attacks of demons known as "corelings", which rise from the planet's core each night to feast upon humans. There are many different kinds of corelings, each associated with a particular element and each with different capabilities and strengths.
The ongoing attrition of these attacks have reduced humanity from an advanced state of technology to a 'dark age'. The only defense against the corelings are "wards" (magical runes) that can be drawn, painted, or inscribed to form protective barriers around human settlements. These are, however, fragile and prone to failure unless properly maintained.
As the novel progresses, the protagonists each embark upon their own "hero's journey" in an effort to save humanity.
In writing the tale, Brett was keen to move beyond a simple adventure story, to present a fantasy novel about fear and its impact. He was particularly interested in the effect of fear "causing some to freeze up and others to leap into action".
Major characters.
Arlen.
Arlen is introduced in the aftermath of a coreling attack that claims 27 lives. Those happen often, usually due to marred or misplaced wards. He realizes that humans have been mostly on the defensive, hiding behind wards. During an attack which endangers his family he overcomes his fears of the corelings and attempts to fight them off, though with little success. He is disgusted by his father's cowardice after his mother is attacked, and leaves his home to seek training as a messenger, a traveling warrior-nomad responsible for maintaining trade and communication links between villages. As he matures he becomes determined to hone his skills and help turn the tide against the corelings. In the second half of the story, Arlen discovers the lost combat wards inscribed in the ruins of Anoch Sun. Betrayed by the men of Krasia, he uses the wards on himself, becoming "The Painted Man".
Leesha.
Leesha is a thirteen-year-old girl who lives with her abusive mother and downtrodden father. After a slanderous rumor spread by her fiancé seems to destroy her chances of a respectable marriage and shows the true nature of many of her friends and the hypocrisy of the villagers, she devotes herself to learning the ways of herb gathering to care for the sick.
Rojer.
Rojer enters the narrative as a toddler, the only member of his family to survive a coreling attack. He is rescued and adopted by an alcoholic jongleur, a type of roaming jester that frequently travels with messengers and performs in villages on the messenger's route. Rojer has a crippled hand, caused by the loss of two fingers in the coreling attack that killed his parents. This limits his ability to juggle but does not hinder him in the least when he plays his favorite instrument, the fiddle. He later remembers that the jongleur that adopted him actually caused the death of his mother, he confronts him on the road about this later, and the jongleur, in a fit of drunken rage, pushes him into the corelings. He then sees his mistake, and dies in order to save Rojer's life. With his fiddle Rojer can entrance the corelings with his music causing the corelings to follow him, anger them to rage, make them oblivious to others, or drive them away with jarring music. Rojer tries without success to teach others his skills with the fiddle. Rojer harbors strong unrequited feelings for Leesha.
Reception.
The novel was selected by Amazon.co.uk as one of the Top 10 Science Fiction & Fantasy books of 2008. and has been nominated for the first David Gemmell Legend Award.
Sequels.
The second volume of the "Demon Cycle", "The Desert Spear", was released in April 2010, published by Del Rey Books in the US and Canada, and Voyager in the UK. The third volume, entitled "The Daylight War", was released February 12, 2013 by Del Rey in the United States. As of now the series is planned to be 5 books long. There are also two novellas related to the story. "The Great Bazaar" and "Brayan's Gold" each released in limited edition by subterranean press.
Film adaptation.
It has been confirmed that the "Demon Cycle" has been optioned for film production by director Paul W. S. Anderson and longtime producing partner Jeremy Bolt, the duo behind the "Resident Evil" film franchise.

</doc>
<doc id="19577252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19577252" title="Sutilizonidae">
Sutilizonidae

Sutilizonidae is a taxonomic family of sea snails, deepwater hydrothermal vent snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Vetigastropoda (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005). 
Taxonomy.
This family has no subfamilies.
Temnocinclinae "McLean, 1989" was considered to be a synonym of Sutilizonidae by Bouchet & Rocroi (2005), but was updated to family level as Temnocinclidae by Geiger in 2009.
Genera.
Genera within the family Sutilizonidae include:

</doc>
